No, we're gonna fight it, man! Go! Another thing. Yeah, those are the main words of the mixed law. I know, but I don't know. It doesn't mean it fits. We can watch how you expect to get anywhere in a beauty field. We can watch. We can see you. If I can make a difference, I'd rather have a little bit more. What just happened? What just happened? What just happened? What just happened? What just happened? What just happened? Yeah, what about? So, why did you? What do I do? What do I do? I'm gonna fight it, man! I wanna die! I'm gonna fight your tech every day. You know, Joe, he'll be a little bit more. I'm gonna hit the cold. I'm gonna fight it, man! Why you, why are you the special? I know my skill attract you. But I'm gonna fight you. You still got such a... I feel just like that you are my kid, brother. And what you need to do with that? That's why you're so much fine. I'm gonna fight it, man! I'm gonna fight it, man! I'm gonna fight it, man! I'm gonna fight it, man! I'm gonna fight it, man! I'm gonna fight it, man! I'm gonna fight it, man! I'm gonna fight it, man! I'm gonna fight it, man! I'm gonna fight it, man! I'm gonna fight it, man! Alright, guys, that's enough. It's 10.02 or 5.60WQ. I'm happy Wednesday, too. What the hell was that that we get our following now? What was it? Ben Hitler. I'm not talking about the song, which as Grootessia's a was. I'm just talking about that. Whatever it was. I don't know. See, we, we on this show, we have our own personal program director. Right? I'm thinking maybe eight to ten should have its own personal program director. First year, so we seem to be having some problems there. Last eight to ten, we had some very serious problems with that whole deal. As you may recall, I'll take your children. Salam, just in Haitian. Right? And now the correct eight to ten, we seem to be having, I don't know, what, where was it? Joe Rose this morning. I don't know. And then, of course, we get the big, oh, is really like a stance through our heart. I mean, that's just unbelievable. In prime time when people are awake, when people are like, really listening? Oh, man, that is brutal. Not a bad guy, you know, we have a story of freight train, but Jesus putting him on the ear. What do you think about guys? Man, that is tragic. Anyway, and I guess he was given away more marlin tickets. I don't want to hurt her at the end of my correct about that. I don't hear these things. How can you miss it over that Van Halen crap or at the end of my heart? Van Halen. That sounds to me like sabotage. That would be like, hey, Luis Miguel records at the end of the show. There's a thought. Yeah. I like to mad dog. We don't want to do that, Tim. Well, thanks for the copy of that boy. Long overdue, you idiot. Man, that cares another one. Another real, oh, when I'm all listening, everything's fine. Oh, we're fine. Except more dead people all over the world. Carbom killed 68 in Iraq. Suicide attack was detonated. Samletin is carbom against police buildings during rush hour, den a killing 68 people, including several children. As many as 20 children. In the bloody state, this man, the Shiite city, since the US, and occupation began, here we go. Since our Iraqi attack. Iraqis pulled charred and torn bodies from angle vehicles in front of the Saudi police station, located by the Saudi police station, located by Bosworth, Crowder, Main Street Market. One of three stations in a police academy had just after 7 o'clock a.m. There are time by total of five carboms of about 200 people in the city of the dead were wounded. Two bands passing by the Saudi station were destroyed. One carrying Kindergarteners. The other taken girls to middle school. Dead children burned beyond recognition were taken a hospital morgue. There's the operative sentence in this story. Oh, thank you Mr. President. Thank you Tony Blair for all of our dead bodies. Thank you for your emancipation by the capitation. emancipation by elimination. Dead children burned beyond recognition were taken a hospital morgue. Now of course some of those apologists for the bushmyshter would say, Well yeah the Americans didn't do this. Well that's the point. The fact that there were there this is why this is all going on. That's why we turned that country into like a a festering nightmare. And. Explore. It's heard in the Saudi capital. Oh, right. I'm thinking that myself that is an all bad. No. It's good. I mean if they're going to be terrorist activities, let's have them all happen in Saudi Arabia. And maybe a couple of them Pakistan. I'll be careful because they got the bomba. I'm going to bomba. Good. And they see maybe several explosions have really damaged the headquarters of Saudi security. Today, coming to people into her injury, dozens of police officials said, Initial reports indicated the blast came from at least one car bomb, but other than that. Oh, we're fine. It's been out of my last night for the one big parade. Or talking to one to a clock at the morning here last night. A nice bomb boys. Now let's move on. It's still for the office. It's going to be brutal. But anyway, we don't want to get in that hockey talk to me. The big story that A.S. seems to me in addition to the grotesque stuff happened around the world. And of course, this is how I write into it. Is this talk about the, do we dare say that five litre word? Sports? Draft. Oh. Wow. The field of rap in here. Only then I have no window open, but I feel a draft. Yeah, they're talking about it. What's that all about it? A senior Republican lawmaker said that the theory rating security in Iraq thought everything was fine. Oh, we're fine. The theory rating security may force the US to reintroduce the military draft. Oh, my God. There's not an American who doesn't understand what we're engaged in today and what they've prospered out for the future. It said Senator Chuck Hagle, Republican in Nebraska. He told that to the Senate for relations committee hearing on post occupation, Iraq. See, one of the problems along with all the other lies, and all the other BS, and all the semantics of the trying to play. Is that they had an entrance strategy, but they didn't have no exit strategy. Which is always the easiest part, you know, getting in, especially when you've got more troops and you've got more bombs and more money and more everything else than anybody else. It's always really easy to go and invade somebody else, but as we found out in Vietnam, and we found out over and over again, and it ain't so easy getting out. They had no strategy for what we were going to do once we got in there. None. Zero. In fact, I noticed Joe Biden and Carl 11 and the hearings yesterday. The Senate hearings were just both busting a gut, screaming, yelling, carrying on about how these people, these supposed military planners, didn't have any strategy for what they were going to do once they won the warface so called. We were supposed to have to do anything flowers and that's where I can be a flower. They thought it was going to be a walk in a park. Didn't turn out that way, did it? No. Our hand picked government. They were supposed to take to them. Chuck Hagle says, why shouldn't we ask all of our citizens to bear some responsibility and pay some price? Are you in that we still encompassary military service with force or citizens who understand the intensity and depth of challenges we face? So we're going to be sending us some people of the borders here in Canada because there going to be a lot of visitors try to come in. Knock in the doors down. I'm not going to get an against down trying to get in again, just like very Vietnam. Not too many people. And not too many parents are we going to see their kids carted off and be slaughtered again? It's like we didn't get non. I'm sure everyone will be proud. Another network that's totally unjustify, totally unnecessary. that has nothing to do with the security of America, nothing over the world. They had him by the short hairs, they had him right with a wanted woman, they could have kept in their dang-lan and that line for as long as they wanted. Old Sodom. But nevertheless, Hagle says that a draft which ended in the early 70s would spread the burden of military service more equitably among various social strata, right, like we're really supposed to believe that the sons and daughters of the elite are going to be a march-dock towards. Anybody believe that? Oh, as a matter of fact, during Vietnam, when we had the draft, were the sons and daughters of the elite who were brought back in body bags? No, no. 58,000, most of the middle and lower class people, many, many minorities, they're the ones that came home in body bags. Oh, would they look that happy to get with it? Because some of them are elite. I don't want to mention what last name I might have, like, say Bush, some of them are elite. They want to put, you know, a funny, balloon military service. They don't want to get in the middle of the crosshairs. Those who are serving today in dying are in the middle of lower middle class so they're chucking, and that's exactly the way it's going to be. The call to consider it imposing the draft comes just days after the Pentagon moved to extend the mission to some 20 and 135,000 troops in Iraq, and they're not done with that, by the way, we don't have enough troops. For all the adventures that we want to carry on around the world, we have more than enough troops to get as far as taking care of terrorism. But if we want to start adventureism and invasions and occupations, that's in a mystery and palpitations, some credits of the US law documentation complain that military planners use two few troops to subdue Iraq, and then insist that more military muscle will be needed to restore order. Now that we've gotten ourselves into this mess from which who knows when we're going to execute us. They're saying minimum 10 years, naturally we have to mystic. And by the way, they need a lot more money too. Oh, yeah, I guess I'll mention that. I got it right here. The pull we took yesterday, the most important editor, while we before we do that, two things. Heather Graham is our behind-the-be to curtain our gal today. We'll give you an order. I'll never stop Josh that run in the sea so fast. Really? Yeah. She's there. Quick and quick. Okay, click this. And as far as I get personal today, in a book of records founder, Norris McWorder, no relation to Gordon Norris. Norris McWorder co-founder of the Guinness Book Records, the final arbiter on everything from the fastest time of honor to the world's longest hot dog as died, he was 78. There was longest weeny. The court has suffered a heart attack yesterday after a month, Monday, I'm sorry after playing tennis at a sermon, Wilchurch, Southern England, a family spokeswoman said. The first Guinness Book appeared in 1954, Edited in Coupard by McWorder and his twin brother, Ross, who was murdered by the IRA, the Irish Republican Army in 1975. Norris McWorder continued Edited the Guinness Book Records to the 1980s, since remaining as advised we had to re-till editor to lie these things. What do you say? By 64, the books were selling a million copies a year. Sale top 40 million in 1981, the 2004 edition nearly 300 pages long with world records regarding everything from war piece and politics to astonishing feats of food consumption. Why didn't know the Beast made the Guinness Book Records? Did you? He will say. He sure will. He's blowing up like a gigantic balloon like somebody stuck a gigantic bicycle pump up his ass. Wow. You talk about June, he's busting out all over. Man, oh man, a beast. A giant in the broadcast industry five years, say so myself. Well, we got a lot of fat people. I'll be able to skinny people are tired of hearing about it. Aren't they? That's right. Anyway, the most important entertainer of the 20th century we asked you yesterday is Elvis 270 said the king, 270, redefined music, John Lennon 180, Bob Hope on 46, more Howard David at 102, nice gone, Bob. So you can't not come off the matter what you do. Although, well, Frank Sinatra 81, C.D. Crew 61, Johnny Carson 0, 58, Bob Marley 56, man as in Q56. Lucy, about 52, lovely. Ronnie Reagan 49, Jack E.L.S. Nelson, Johnny said 39 Charlie Chaplin 37, Lennie Bruce 36, don't call me Bruce, Paul McCartney 36, Alfred Hitchcock 31, no blind cad. Bob, turn man. Richard prior 26 John Wayne, the Duke head 25. I heard he was a real Duke bag. Michael Jackson 22, Steve Allen 21, Carol Clariss-Semi Davis Jr. 19, a peace and person, Jack Nicholson 18, Mick Jagger 16, Arnold had 14, as if Marlon Brando. What a joke that is. Milton for, I mean, put Arnold in the same category with Marlon Brando. Milton for 12, let's go 11, Bruce 1510, Stevie Tyler Jack Carson, C.S.R.E.S. had 7, six of these barbersprice and Frankie Lyman, George Burns, Carol Burnett, Judy Grullin, five of Peace for Neil Byman, a big cross beans in East Stewart, four for Tom Jones and Jack many, three for Bill Haley and his comets, spell wrong, Wayne Newton, two of being cross B2 and the big, over 16, hundred votes, real fellow, and Tina, and that's it yet. What? I want to add a big Jane, please to stop trying to facts the George Bush resume that we've got a thousand copies of it. It's five. Oh, Jane, we've got fucking us, okay, what is crap with this title, garbage man, this stuff. Turn on the light bulb, okay? Listen to, what, George Kaufman and stop bugging us with this garbage. 1013 at five, 60 W.C.A. and you've been here and we talk about Dala Matris in their spectacular customer service. And when you call 1800 Matris just speak with expert betting consultants who answer your questions, give you the customer service you have to zero. The Dala Matris commitment to service recently caught the attention of the better business bureau. That's right. Dala Matris has been partly software community for over 12 years, but they're main office in the Northeast, where they've run the coveted Torch of Excellence Award for 2004 from the Boston Better Business Bureau. I think it's 2004 even though it says in here, 204. High school in fat boy, you idiot. This awards given annually to a company that embodies the better business bureau's values of honesty, integrity and ethics in a marketplace. To receive this award is especially impressive for Dala Matris to win because they don't even have any stores. And 1 800 Matris wants you to know that one criteria in engineering this award was truth and advertising. You can rest assured you've been bad boys life on it. The things we talked about Dala Matris are absolutely 100% for WECSER. So pick up the full right now called 1 800 Matris gets a whole truth nothing but the truth about brand name betting, the best. I'm a satisfied Dala Matris customer and you will be too if you make that call 1 800 Matris. That's Dala Matris 1 800 MATRES, or log out of their website, MacRis.com. Dala Matris the honest way to buy a great bet. I know that's a story that I've never seen before. I know that's a story that I've never seen before. I know that's a story that I've never seen before. I know that the Lord even loves See Your Rogers. I'd like to have a little luck over that. If I thought this game had a key word for everything. If you had to grab your hand. If you gave it your things, would not for me. If you had to pay for the big convention. If you had to pay for the great presentation. If you had to leave it without a seat. I wish they could be in time, but they could be a very good one. I wish they could be a very good one. We got the baby, we got the baby, we got the baby, we got the baby inside. I wish they could be a very good one. I wish they could be a very good one. I wish they could be a very good one. I wish they could be a very good one. I wish they could be a very good one. I wish they could be a very good one. I wish they could be a very good one. I wish it's possible to play those by the Spacies. You said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said you, say, you did, you said, you said that, left the Å› courtsside. Right. Right. So you said, you said, you said, you said, you didn't say, you said, you said you said it, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said this, that's true. Christians maybe even some of them Jews they wouldn't be killing so many people but because of the fact that they're like gutter muslims man because they worshiped that Mohammed because Christianity and Judaism are not Middle Eastern religions after all and don't forget nobody ever got killed in the name or Christianity or Judaism that I Maybe by accident I got no way of a bullet that is correct let's all these little kids this morning. He said to go to school Here's the apple for today the most important athlete of the 20th century was or is Here's what I got so far what I put on in myself because now see open up this panor and of course No athletes are important that thought that was important to put on there because there are a lot of people in our audience It'll give a flying crap about sports and they'll enthusiastically chime in and vote for no athletes are important Even though I didn't have a they may have a point But then again you could see no entertainers are important knew everything is relative You just based on your own gut feeling. Okay the most important athlete of the 20th century was a Babe Ruth Your Montana Dan Marie note a pass by the dolphin people Thai Cobb Jackie Robinson of course Robius reasons Joe de Majio Jim Brown That's a list I got so far. I don't think I died on the facts in all the era kind of original facts We as a let's say you got him we got him You have Jim Brown on there. I know that you said that no I did not I said you're long time ago You even know who that is Who beat up his wives and girlfriends actors and Brown was the one who he said it was all of them So what are you talking about them? Don't tell me you don't know Jimmy Brown about 30. He was great. He was great And then of course he turns out to be a Doodle bag or what do we decide on and we didn't decide on one for that We got do bag, but then what's the S1 we haven't done that yet? How about a slum bag? Okay, I noticed it's like since means Yeah, and I slug sounds too much like Fag we got all ready to you maybe It does How about this? A scrum a scrum of course is very big like in some of the British sports in rugby where they'll get around on it And they're all gravity tellers, but I've been doing Scrum bag. What is this? I like that a scrum is when you get down on the ground and all they throw the ball in the middle Everybody tries to grab all of this And the ball too. We can't even talk about that and how we can Scrum bag I think that's fine. It's got my squeal of approval. How do you like that give it a squeal We'll thank you It's got the Q and squeal of approval is scrum bag. Hey, if anybody wishes about that You know what they're gonna have to come face to face no so no toe to toe with me. I know my scrum is okay And we got a few scrum bags in Ed building most of the sales department and engineering So anyway, that's the whole question. We'll get a lot of choices now Tucker fast and of course I was way ahead of you Tucker on this one because I knew people would be saying this and I agree Without question well, I wouldn't go that far Jackie Robinson is the most important athlete of men who transcended sports Actually made a difference in the real world. Well, he broke it color variation baseball no question about that I got one yes, I just drove to Matthew. Oh, who I voted for yes? What about the Jesse Owens Jesse on 1936. Pizzo Hitler. That's right in Baris Hitler said hey in his best year She said what does that scarcy do when I've been money? You know I thought was most of the czar Jesse Owens A man who was running for his life. I think it'd be a little bit of a She Munich but yeah, you ran like a man a life like a man a life like a dark. Oh, it's good one so fast I always told you that because they got a lot of practice over the years from being chased Yeah, in fact even Jessica Lynch made some comment about that because when she came back from overseas They had a regular like a Lynch mod the meter But it anyway, so Jesse Owens great So that's our list so far. I'm sure that this the suit audience will add lots and lots and lots and lots more names even more than we really want tomorrow. We got a fantastic day. You want to know why? Why? Because we got a ball game Marlins who won last night three to one. Maybe Philadelphia was you know who was don't you? Don't trail learned this spell with Don Trello give a bully for hits now. He gave up a run Dang it. It finally gave up a run. He only put six and two Thursdays and so what's that all about huh? We're getting pretty excited. We're getting pretty exasperated Dr. Clasi went over three to play and I take the box score We went over three so we got the a win and it was nice another nine and four, but you know come on, Don Trello Let's watch it up a little bit all right this business you give enough a couple of hits in her and not getting any hits yourself That's no more than you want to say No, what do you say? I'm saying he needs to crank it up a couple of knots. It's just like it was make to leave last night But I was pretty thrilling I saw. Thank you Patrick Lleem man never trusted frog in a big game except Patrick frog Heather Graham was born January 29, 1970 which makes you a 30 E a full Born in Milwaukee was constant and raised by her strict father See that's what happens when he have a strict father You just kind of like ah, you know you go and go nuts Exactly, let's say she's in a movie right now this being film called 45 is in like cold 45 gray matters Samantha's child Hope springs anger management Alien love triangle, but that's alien love triangle the guru Telling me softly from hell side walks of New York say it was she'd been in a man if I read all these would be like 155 already Can you believe it reach love? She's in a lot of movies Say it's in so rotten TV committed Both finger one thing we can say that Austin powers is spy who Shag me see how come I can say that Because of English it's English and of course we do know about those shag curfits right Lost in space scream to boogie nice of course and a bunch of other really good stuff Jesus, she's just fine So how the way I'm is on there behind the baby curtain if you're over the age of 72 if you got tiny ID and you got like You're I'm the same way of like the John Ashcroft Well good luck to anybody who's on the same life with that scrum bag 206 page 10 I said scrum that's what I'm saying I like I said it's in the bag Trying it on for size I'm talking about your size it's a TV tiny one 26 active 10 a Q a M. Hey, you heard about the big domain in the high pay Potential for computer professionals if you ever wanted it this career might be for you Well, here's your chance at the answer is yes Fast train is hosting a free one hour seven hour computers in networking tonight at both a mining for a lovely El campus is that is absolutely correct You can learn basic PC troubleshooting and networking absolutely free tonight Seating for this free computer seminars limited say better do it right now call fast train at 1 866 fast train All people attend the free summer. I'll get a diagnostic tool at no charge to so call fast train right now And 1 866 fast train to reserve your spot and if you do decide that a new high-paint careers in your future Fast train can have you train already for that new job in just four short months So check them out on the web as fast train A dot common and make that call that really can change your life for the better get you some real training and a big fat paycheck That goes along with it. Don't forget when you do make that call reserve your seat for tonight Free seminars both in Miami and Fort Lauderdale call 1 866 fast train I'm a boy with a family fat fat Michael Palsal over to play see like this one. He don't like that one. He doesn't want to do this He's losing I think and right we'll be like they're having a hearing center max transition to sovereignty Look at that miserable Nazi basketball wolf. What's his on here right now? I like his answer yesterday when I asked him well on June 30th who are we exactly handing the keys to the kingdom two and a right That was his answer great answer call you idiot Okay before we do the Michael Palsal let's get some names for this fool. Okay. Let's give this thing build up because already I see No athletes are important 34 they're like I see I'm glad we give those people a place to go Jackie Robinson 32 No athletes 35. I'm sorry. I'll Jackie Robinson 32 Babe route 22 Jesse on 7 Dan Reno 6. I don't know why don't imagine oh two Joe Montana two Thai Cobblan and fortune Brown don't have any He's got the big line is on WQM hello WQM hello Yes, sir about the RW They're rock Okay, you mean the one in your head or the one on the a man? I thought about athletes on actors. Yeah We're not talking about silly people. Okay. Well WQM hello Neo, yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing good. Hey, listen I'm of my used to be a listener like you listen three four hours a day now very little So I'm kind of in the dark about this you know how you don't say like hey What does that mean very little? Well I very little about what you've been talking about on your show recently I'm here very much well because I got a different job I can't well you better get your priorities straight now man No, I know I've been talking to my boss about this But you know how you don't say a whole anymore Yes, but it's like some kind of good on like where you're going along or just for real Sir President Lekens got a bad headache. Okay, you don't see them understand the degree of censorship that's going on right now We don't say almost anything anymore. I understand I just got that I get to really has gotten that bad I remember back when like during the 2000 election You know we all said that it pushes elected all right You're gonna be taking away but I think if we were like it's honest with ourselves at the time We're saying well we're maybe been a little type of a ball of can all that but it's true. You know this guy's taken over and we're all right to take it away This is just about for sure This is about the kind of the environment that he's created, but the sad part of it is the Democrats are going along with it And they're just as bad as he is on this don't expect as Democrats are going to come over streaming forward including John Kerry and say You've gone too far you're cramping on our first member. Why? So I'm not doing it luckily you got some little organizations like the ACL you and people for the American way and some balls He broadcast companies like infinity and even the bees leaves believe it or not and a few others who are fighting back for challenging this in a courts I can't believe that there's anybody out there who is enough today in the fact we can't say Yeah, that's it. That's about all we can say now Am I right? Yes, oh John and Columbia South Carolina Who just chronic says they learn hard They learn how is the most important athlete of the 20th century you better get with it John Do not put that on or that's one of the silliest things. Why why not? Because I said so okay, that's why not That is as an eye that is ridiculous So big I don't hear one of the while I feel and big Might have some to say about it if you were still alive I like one of those quasi motor deals in it. It will Michael Powell vacant decent seagulls are better for broadcasts. He just feel a more crap by the minute What a bozo? In fact, that they have told who's more full of crap Michael power is daddy colon Roul and colon In his one on one interview with ABC Sand Donaldson at the NAV convention chairman's breakfast yesterday morning The SEC chairman described as a red-hairing The police from people like via conference and COO Mel Carmson harassing the FCC for specific guidelines I want constitutes and decent broadcasting Power believes that what constitutes in these teams must be open to interpretation You don't want the government to write a red book of what you can cannot say Follow full of crowd of the laws big as certain he also noted that rules that only offer guidelines without setting hard limits like for example The limits in any trust level lobby FCC to consider context meeting tone and other mitigating factors What is happening in these and second planes in other words? I'm not making up as I go along with not only room for attorneys to crack arguments and for judges to interpret the law All brother what a lame as peace of crap that is Tell also insisted that the FCC's increased indices enforcement efforts are guided by increased public interest in this issue wrong Although he scoffed the Donaldson suggestion that the agency is bound to public pressure rather foul said the FCC has been responsive to public concern again wrong Because if you look market after market around the country It's the same handful of misfits or responsible for the FCC finds for people getting fired for all of this business Going on right now and it is a fact But they rape and we got I'm a good friend That's good Don't do it again. I guess I'm George smuck 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon another FCC a Michael Paul thing in a minute. He's just falling apart WQM hello yes, sir for the call Muhammad Ali Muhammad Ali is a magnificent choice Right, thank you just write your facts on it Well, Muhammad Ali. I think if he did just call to church more he'd had a better altitude about going off to war right Speak of the draft Let's see couldn't go to a while now. What is this couldn't get through yesterday? Why did I make Frank Sinatra? He was on the pole. What does that mean you? Most important athlete Muhammad Ali and we're sorry about what we're solving is put the for Friday That's gonna be on Friday. Don trails run was honor and so is ERA still Oh, wait What about Jim Thorp? Very well good Indian boy Jim Thorp got it That's with an E on the end. I don't want Just a miscold and embarrassing those at a spell these days John says I can't believe it didn't start to pull off of this without this athlete I did because I can't stand them. Okay. That's why John Wayne Gritsky Oh, needle nose put him on there Wayne Gritsky We're gonna put him on airbounth they don't want to do any hockey players under do we course not? Let's see here's another one Muhammad Ali Bob listening and tell I have to have a great life up there Tell Bob whatever your name is 560560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon marvelous line WDQAM hello I just told you just told you to work now bad right Michael Jordan I should have just left a monitor. You know he could have killed the release of him 30 anyway. I mean till lunch We're not gonna put no billy gene king on and that's ridiculous Like if we put her on every gotta put Bobby Riggs on right. Oh come on Michael Jordan of course I mean you look around the various sports the question is the most important athlete of the 20th century And I'm sure we're gonna get to a golf eventually we'll get some golfers on it put on Tiger Woods somebody's got a lot of O for Tiger Woods You know a bro collar records he did the AC did daddy the rest of our freight train is a real tycoon these day All the stuff right he's got a real hot life Did they get married as she still just I don't know I think you they got married Come on Josh you better get with it. Yeah, I'm concerned about Tiger's wife You ought to be concerned about his wife. I'll tell you that right now T no a hitter Graham or Bobby Graham shit, thank you ever see hitter Graham and Bob Graham together same person He just got a better piece than mole 12 Before 11 at five sixty wcm back in the day you have several lines for that But yeah, but leave it up then leave it alone There's a question for his your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business payroll administration Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management or just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing we covered in help your business be more profitable Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation at one eight six six at Oasis That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven forty seven with more than sixty thousand employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management outsourcing's been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice Which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to what waste is outsourcing Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you like to get a free evaluation Call him tool free at one eight six six at Oasis at one eight six two eight six twenty seven forty seven four Oasis outsourcing Who's had a problem all right He was born over power when he heard of happy you and shy Yeah He was just back to Crawford land Priority compress eventually he'll deal with this Every day See a friend of just got a church wall right away. We might have a prayer. You know, I'm sorry Let's start playing We need to the 1046 at five sixty W to Q a. I'm always taking nearly daily verbal beatings from the syndicated morning host Howard Stern over the reason of CC and decency finds Then have been loving against the Howard Stern show Michael Powell said yesterday morning among many other idiotic Indian things During the FCC chairman's breakfast at the enemy convention They respect steering for taking a stance on the issue. I have a lot of respect for Howard Stern I have a lot of respect for his view pollot holds San Donelson During the Paris course annual one on one interview at the show It just doesn't happen to be the law Indeed, Paul noted that it's the law he must follow regardless of what he made feel personally because the Supreme Court's already ruled That in decent species only partially protected are the first amendment and broadcast in decent C can be punished by the FCC Paul said if I go out on my own because they have a different view of the first amendment than the Supreme Court That would be an application my responsibility in a dereliction of my duty is what he said what a pile of crap duty Yeah He's doing his best to do his duty like a good boy scow, you know just like daddy good scow Even though he knows that a lot innocent people are done and that the whole thing was a sham in a charade from the beginning just like daddy The end of good scow for the atroops Speaking of talk radio It was on then it was off then it was on again and out of the off again boy Aroamerica radio the recently launched liberal talk radio never they begin in broad last week in a financial dispute with the owner of its Chicago An L.A. Stasis will broadcast over WNTD AM Chicago for the last time April 30th the never serious today The network also said over main off the earth of the time being in Los Angeles where was yanked off its states near KD LA last week by owner multi cultural news radio You know yeah, I got to tell you something really sad all the conspiracy theories on the internet Came across the story over the weekend where somebody alleged that Multicultural news radio has decided as sandbag era America because it's a liberal network Well if that's the case why did they at least in the spaces in the first place? Why did they give me a venue to put the programs on here? I mean you talk about paranoia That's like the guy who said Joe Costello and that choke I taken off over nine or two in because they were saying too many things against the bushmeister Yeah, do you remember that? Yeah, I mean Get a life get cereal. I have no life. You ask me and settles an acrimoniously legal in public relations battle between air American multicultural It also means that air America must seek new homes in Asian second and third largest markets Less than three weeks into which you're at life We are pleased that we reached a negotiated settlement sedated good friend Executive VP in general council of our American a tourist statement no air America executive would come at further in So they got some problems aside from the fact that Randy's the only one on the work that's a real broadcaster There has anything to say I mean when you put all your marbles behind Al Franken man as a broadcast Do you got some real tourists coming up? You got real problems and Just one last thing on this Facing a legislative session shortened because of upcoming political conventions US lawmakers very likely We'll authorize higher fines for those who violate broadcast and these in sea limits and attach them to a must pass spending bill See the way they do these things Lee Karosi a the Senate Commerce Committee Chairman John McCain Was another full of crap guy that everybody oh he's so great if we could just have more John McCain below me full of crap Said the house and Senator try to resolve differences in two seven and decency bills So they can be included in an appropriations bill the house is already passed a bill that were raised by as much as a half a million dollars and the Senate's considering Legislation of would raise fines to her 275 grand for the first violation I personal opinion is that when all is said and done with this very abbreviated legislative calendar The fine portion will probably be added to an appropriation bill for us who said at an American Bar Association forum The congressional says you sure this year because representatives of great to attend the national presidential nominated conventions to campaign for reelection The only bills they must pass this year annual spending measures to fund government agencies So still this hook this thing on to a is a writer and redevriter They'll hook it on like one owner writer hey yeah, and just like to read those shop flip your freedom right out of your ass pathetic Just unbelievable but nevertheless five six seven 56 the pound five six year you know that comedy made about Lost operating in the dark, well we don't want to give specific rules that's like say your law enforcement people come along and say we're gonna take this book like Speed limit signs on every highway in the state Okay, because who are we to tell you how fast you should go you'll have to figure it out based on the weather conditions the time of day How much traffic there is and then we'll see if we go along. They're not and during your fall. You can justify your velocity Right, we'll then and then we'll say well, I try but you're wrong and we'll do whatever we want this is called making it up as they go along W QA and hello Yes, sir Anybody mentioned on your list just the old ones yes They did series right on there get with it fixed that hearing aid five six seven Oh five George even came up with that not that I was not ready where but George came up with a mr Anti-scores George came up with Jesse Owen that wasn't sports that was history That when there you go, that's the question the most important athlete of the 20th century was Honey like that take that and put in your pipe and smoke and mr. Powell No athletes are important 68 people say that Jackie Robinson 53 Babe Ruth 31 Jesse Owen 22. How do you like that series right there in living color? My Hammond Ali 15 Dan Marino 12 Oh, how silly fuel Montana 4 when gratsky for already Pied him I called Jordan 3 Joe to measure two Jim Thorpe 1 Jim Brown finally got one Thai cow one and the tiger don't have any Oh, that's refreshing all those all people hate me like poison anyway They're gone they don't say I want no part of the show because golf is for it's for See how I can't think what the words it's for animals I've got a right now to list you know Now that we got scrum bag all figured out right like that Study QM hello hey about Mark Spitz he was a swimmer in the 72 Olympics. I think he got five gold He made me in Mexico City right Do you know what you became after that? I could tell you Dennis Really I like that just looking for you for you. Thanks a lot, Paul Mark Spitz SPITZ good Jewish boy great Olympic swimmer Of course the Jews learned this swimmer you'll fast back in the day and oh because the herbs were always chasing around or was it either way around Well, they all the swimming real fine now. I think it's like think or swim Stink or swim stink or swim that's what we say aerial sure won't stink or swim He's loaded up for the first part five six seven oh five 60 Course in his case he'd probably float. I mean you talk about a huge tub he makes the beast look like mini mouse aerial sure on Hey, I wouldn't leave the hall of all laid around the house of peace coming over to visit believe me WQAM hello Good morning to you. How about for your pull Landsam strong Lands Armstrong there you go Good one he's not much of a scumbag I'm not really sure what he said, but I just have to make this in case was scrum, but Why that I was you kind of are particularly little more clearly. Okay. We can't take a chance because we have some very nervous nellies in middle-level management one in particular So I just just to be on the safe side. He said scrum bag anyway Lance Armstrong. He said somebody's holding the bag I want about George Armstrong Custer Well if we're gonna be hockey intensive the chief number 10 George Armstrong I'll hold you and just one comment. I'm sorry hurt I'm sure that he can find himself a summer job at doing Abba on ice in Sweden. So nice that's very good data And it's a bit code of the callers that we had on leaf side today. Thanks so much And those we didn't get to you. I could have to wait long to get back to you. I'm excited about that on leaf TV man I guarantee the panthers don't have their own station WQM hello Yes, sir. Hey. I got one for you. I bought Jackie Robinson How about Jackie Robinson has got 56 votes in leaves all the angels level is there you go very good Excellent See I like those because it kills you a time that we can like ridicule them and just make a scrum bag out of them Exactly and then I can say But if you were in hello Hey, how you doing pretty good? Thank you for got maybe I've got quarter back off though, but I think you were the one that better than Devoreado Joe my 10 of anything I look to me like Joe my 10 is on list last time. I check and he's got four votes He got it. Yes, he does. Oh I Don't think Hey, I just want to let you know get for my right end out with the I've been vagabeth week Um, they have the miffle line traffic at her national out there and guess who was saying room with all these beautiful pretty girls by my year Oh Oh my god I Well, I'm on list Yeah, I'm I'm a kiddo, but oh Jason, okay. Thanks, pal. I feel like terminal story Oh Jason some better put him on it. We despise him like poison, but soon they they'll get some votes For the inside the bill from inside the QM building make no mistake and booted because we got some real OJ liqueur's in that building man. Oh brother. They got pictures on a wall. They got all used a jockstraps They got the unaminated Might's been that thing is golf termin and this idiots call in that day. Oh, I got a sort of graph He's gonna like to use a scrum bag because it might be wortons in Sunday people would no self respect people would I have no right no life The OJ liqueur's man. You gotta be about the lowest at a low to suck up to some piece of dirt like him man But anyway, we'll put him on list because he was a fine athlete. You know, I mean all we're fine See you what no day in store though 1056 at 560W QM. Hey, if you're thinking about getting some new shoes on your Tussies Here's the place to shop where you find an unbeatable combination the best selection the best prices People I know how to treat you inside and out and know your feet. They know what they can probably even identify after you shop there for a lot of smaller your feet We're talking about brandies and pamphlet of bits of the narrator long long time We're talking not any off-brands the top-body names in the shoe business. They got them all. They got a rock for its floor shine SES very timelid naturalizer and lots more and With brandies you might be so lucky you could just about that Josh's life on it that whatever shoe you're looking for that They got in the window in the store They got your size on the shelf right this life on your foot right now In fact most people want to go to brandies by civil peer. I need to visit because they're gonna save so much cash Brandies is open daily nine to nine Sundays 10 to five real five minutes same location And doing it right for a very very long time They're right 12 90 north. That'll have a lot of information always always worth the trip to brandies No matter where you are and right now this week is a great time to buy echoes at Brandies They've 10% off on all men's of them and styles get a gift for their purchase to so come out of the store or check out their website at brand these shoes How come I wish it that's with two usas because it's really with three. I don't know why because I'm done brand these shoes dot com Yeah Either both everyone loved William Hans Bay of job on American Idol and now all of William Hans greatest hits on one amazing CD It's hung up on hun I hear I feel beautiful bright you still have a little now he has a lot of tone deaf fans who can't give him a bump hung up on Hung up on hung your confirmation a club Barapura bulls on the I know you need I'm on guess worth a lot more than 50 cent on your now. You'll also get this free bonus CD American Idol loser sings the American Idol winner The longer you'll be the venture Goodbye or you With wrong William Hans hung up on hung is only available for the next 15 minutes of the same so don't delay call now It's 11 or two or five sixty W. I'm happy Wednesday too We got the mad dog at two of the Hebrew hammers for Marlon's on decks six thirty again two of that series in Philly at seven Oh five tonight Marlon's at the Philly's Any case all those baseball overnight. It's a well Palais somebody says how how could we not put palais on there right right the poor soccer fans and we'll adjust about anything else because he had sex with Q chapter and And will he shoot later? They made that will he shoot maker? I know it Got it right all over. We're gonna put jockey's on here. He's probably put Error burklc has the ojooner just the jockey's a good guy. Well Now this that you've asked me here. This just makes my it makes me sick but then again drunk Here makes me sick because I just I can spell it all ready During a time that we need a strong forceful candidate who's got the ball seat John Kerry don't have any balls I don't want to hear about his record and Vietnam and all the stuff. I want to hear about what he's saying right now. He has no balls He says I had a 100% record not a 99 a 100% record in sustaining the special relationship in friendship with Israel Kerry told the crowd adding that he would end the sweetheart relationship with a bunch of Arab countries that allows money to float at terrorists When he's right about the last part like Saudi Arabia for example is actually but the first part is not conducive to Helping that in fact yesterday see it and to show you what about your emissals They are and they think all of you are they put on the headline and the bottom of the screen in headline said a road map in trouble Question mark and I love them myself. Oh, no, are you kidding me? road map in trouble Stratton just have to get to the president can benefit politically from the pro israeli policies which in bush campaign officials said Monday It is evidence of his steadfast support for Israel in other words. He's peddling for that Jew vote In the TV interview Sunday for Miami Kerry said he'd back to move the criticize bushes approach in other words Well some of the settlements are okay and you can hang out there as long as you want that kind of crap There were error believers that were taken by surprise by the announcement Kerry said on me depressed I don't think that's a private evidence is the groundwork of diplomacy necessary whatever to hold that means it What it means to me is he just got no balls He's afraid he's gonna alienate the oh, I mean no matter where you look He just doesn't have the the courage to take a strong stand on the on the controversial issue No, I want to there it's just like the whole thing in a rack This whole opinion about that is wrong. Well, you know, now that we're in there we certainly can't do this and we can't do that. Yeah, so what we got to do what's his answer Stories pretty disappointing. He really is very disappointed to me I miss Dean We miss Howard Dean but like I told yesterday and you can take this to the bank there were some people somewhere and we'll never know who they are or how they well We know how they did it and it wasn't difficult they decided Howard Dean wasn't gonna be the president of the US of a And he wasn't gonna be even they were gonna take a chance at him when you knew election So he was gonna be the Democratic nominee and there you go And he's not anyone five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line the most important athlete of the 20th century is No athletes are important 91. We'll say that Jackie Robinson 67 they grew 39 just the ones 32 my Hammond Ali 27 Dan Reno 14 Michael Jordan 11 Michael Michael motorcycle Wayne Gretzki for Joe Montana for Jim Thorpe 3 Joe to measure two OJ is got one I'm excited to let's from inside the building high-combat one Jim Brown one Mark Spitz one Lance Armstrong Why did you put George Armstrong on there you silly person you? How was this joking? We didn't know that Tiger Woods and Pamley and release you make me don't have any other the first standard votes come on now George is he farm strong He's a good Indian Canadian boy, but let's get serious you didn't say just John was on four Stanley cup of things for the maple eat make the leaves I was just joking around I said it's just a joke you're gonna start with his hockey stuff again You better cut the crap how if you're gonna put him on or how about Frank for hobble? There you go. I'm afraid the big M Oh Excuse me five six seven all five 16 time five six the only 18th it's so sad Like I said the other day you don't get that Mike Denton story that mystery is he very easy this is you've had with the the Tempid hit that he tried to pay for the who knows what it's all over the newspapers and so seeing his flashes it on there because it's a Nasty nasty story just like the Todd Bertuzi story anything bad has to do with hockey right away It's a big story on CNN anything but going on like they've said he's standing up playoffs You wouldn't they can't get within a million miles of it would either hand CNN They're the anti-Christ I'm telling that right now they're the most evil force in a whole freaking world Even worse than the Pope how do you like that? I rest my case Even worse than the Pope is CNN because they're just trying to mind some of them You don't know because you don't get around like I do, okay? You go right you can go just about anywhere in the world and there is CNN international Polluting the minds of a public with this propaganda with this crap that they pass off his news They should be in jail Here's line nine WQM hello Yeah, I'd recommend cash is placed these deep people home in our week got him on their face Valley way, how come these people are like are they in a different time zone or something? It's everybody even the locals everybody just is a little I just got your reading the list Two is a matter of fact, but that's okay like I said it kills the excellent time how about pay proof? edge or a drum strong WQM hello Yes, sir Yeah, I like to speak to me. I was speaking Oh, no, yes Let me say again. Yes turn that radio off into back where I put it in the bottom With you I got four of that my first one on that floor not the fourth way to stand important people on the one the one pick one No, Jesus Bobby or Bobby or is a great choice. Thank you. She is helping me and my gritsky will ever be Bobby or now we're talking See this guy's feel bad about it. But if he picked it the one you got a Bobby or or our arcing his spell of getting a handle it and that one meeting belongs on there Boy, I see that's why I'm pretty nervous about even Mudder and we were just joking because all of a sudden but a big there's an A-mon here I think we had to put the game on the whole the audio the whole Lee Sarawak game on last night They put the game on in just an hour they take out all the bracelets. So it's not the same to me 5 670 560 560 on the AT&T is rising wireless line I got some really good heavy-loody stuff here two of a Yeah, but look you two will get to move nicely because this is important stuff. I still would sports Sports and that's important thing here on QAM ball games Jocks wraps gloves that's spikes all these things pig skin What I leave up and gay no W Q M hello just the Owen I know Hello yeah, I know how about our thrash Arthur's ash One more thing what's the difference between baby you gain it on his boyfriend? Okay great Arthur's ash listen all you guys over there in a highly hangin out of JC pennies waiting for him to clear the T room See if we go in there and do the limbo rock get out of my life, okay? Get out of here. I have no line. Oh drill some more glory holes. Okay drill some at seers. Okay, but even things out even out the playing field 560 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line how about see you cruise? Let's see if he puts her on there How about more Howard David he's made every other damn poll the most important athlete well He's on run like I said the other days in athletic supporter Can write a lot of room that mo is that a QAM hello? Yes, sir, what about rovers? Robert's on come at these great to rest in peace. Thank you rovers are Clemente you got it We got it good Can you handle it a rober to I like what he said that there was a beautiful thing mixed by tongue tingle WQAM hello I have a question for you. Yes Why is a month y'all for the end of half boring we talked about that today boring may have a ton so take it lost WQAM hello A meal how about tie top and mark swallow them in her WQN hello Good morning, sir. I'll come back these poles are boy and tough to get through to you What do you mean by that? I mean it's the car because we got the same people call me all the names We already got on that some and I'll get through right now. We might have some for you I didn't really want to get you to the poll. Can I talk about something else briefly? Yes. I was watching Well, this isn't just a show where we do polls man. We're looking in between all these people for some For some articulate observations about the condition of the human race well I got I have one four here Watching the Chris Rock special on HBO and yeah, and obviously there's a lot of Words, you know that you would normally hear still right now, but don't don't count your a chickens Right, I mean and obviously it's a lot of sexual content But at the end of the show and I'm pretty sure I saw this I'm gonna want you to get a make sure They were you know, they had the credits and it said promoted like clear channel And I am a spell off the bed. Yeah, I mean they're so Servative but to make money off Chris Rock and in HBO special man you mean like fox For example like the like group or Murdock For call at the racie stuff. See me stuff on FX and then on his own fox entertainment. I work puts every Off the beaten track kind of crap. I mean I mean you talk about risk data Makes hours turn like look G rating when you like Chris Rock. Well, there you go You're talking about your grave robbers man. That's all they don't care about anything else. They just want for money They're the worst thing and they're worse than they people bombing in Iraq They're almost as bad as CNN You bet thanks, pal. Thanks How about Casey Stangle who was called a 65 met sometimes you win sometimes he'll lose sometimes you get rain out But you got a dress for them all. Let's give. I wasn't one of his better lines by the way Mike, but anyway Casey Stangle He won I think I could be wrong. But I think you won 10 world serieses is his manager You're not impressed with Casey Stangle S.T. under the N.G.E.L. I can't talk It's you. You ought to be impressed by Casey Stangle. What's wrong with you? You came up with Jesse Owens? That's right and at least Casey had a sense of humor which is more I can say for most of these dumb jocs I think it also damn seriously like the golfer's man. They're some of the worst Humorless These fans out there gonna have to stop making so much noise when they're out there and they're gonna Oh give me a break the fact that anybody comes up see you guys back that ball around you must be off your rocker You ought to kiss them on the on the toenails You will imagine going to attend a golf tournament To be in the gallery Got to be in the in the nut nut galleries which I can imagine Yeah, I'll bring a game again I beg your pardon after the first couple of 10s I can't imagine going back and doing it again 1113 that five 60 WQL have been putting off that home improvement dream because your afraid is gonna turn into a real Nightmare instead well, here's a way to have great dreams all the time because design concept builders is your answer Design concept builders has been one of the top home remodlers in some photos since 1983 for the following reasons first or 100% Christmas satisfaction with the no excuse is policy they refused to have an unhappy customer and they are for quality working a fair price And design concept builders have an exclusive five-year labor warranty they are for you too So I take the risk or real nightmare when you have a new edition on your home Kitchen bathroom windows any other project make sure you get it done right and a fair price to call design concept builders at 9 5 4 7 1 8 67 66 or on the web it's design concept builders calm financing available with no payments for six months with the proof credit You can also get you a 10% discount on audio remodeling through the end of this month only with design concept builders Like I said check out your website design concept builders.com and then make that call the guarantee is superj off for your retirement call Pawn I Supply and enjoy to play Is the truth at the end of a battle of France? The CIA makes judgments that they now regret. Falling into terror is a fall on seas. We just need more answers from the men who seem to need to know. We need to know. What for sure about 911 we need to know. What for sure about 911 we need to know. Yeah, how come he sold a handset with Prince Eddola? Because they don't come no more duller than him. I'll tell you that right now. How so Bush House has said the answer to that book, Carl Unger, was the next word on the Overson Ungers. He was on one of the shores of the night. MSNBC, I believe. Okay. And then we're talking about this grow test this. And in fact, even on CNN on Crossfire yesterday, believe he or not, the Republican guy they had on there. You know, whether you're left against the right now that can try and crap. Even he was excoriating the Bush people for this grow test relationship. They have a lot of Saudis. And they showed all the stats about 15 of the 19. High jackers were Saudis. All the southern Garbage. And of course, the wasabi. I mean, Wahabi. All these, no, seriously, all these schools that they built, not just in Saudi Radio, but in Pakistan, they export this hate of the West. And so on a one hand, you know, like I said, a plumber would one hand kiss in with a mouth and then stab in you back with it or hand. It's pathetic. I say, let's bomb Saudi Arabia right off the bat. And if I let's not do it, well, let's just Tom, we're going to do it. Yeah. I told you this the other day, just send him all to the French Riviera. Let him take a few billion, you know, just like you have a good time. And it will just hook up our hoses. 50 cents a gallon for gas, tops. Hey, Aaron, somebody says, how can we leave off? You're old, number 44. Henry Aaron. Right, Josh? Right. I think that's a very nice thing is a scandal. I'm disgusted and nauseated, but even though we got some people on the station who kisses ass, I mean, his, whatever he accomplishes, in fact, I noticed that his last home run was number 666, which I find that's something appropriate there. Don't you? 666. Oh, my God. Yeah, he may be the anti-Christ, very bonds. Stir-roid, laden, phony piece of crap. Put an asterisk on any records he says. Tell me of that right now. Here's odds. Let's see. I'm a die-hard, cartonless fan, but this great center of field where for the carton, single-handedly destroyed the sport of baseball, you're right. Kurt Flodd, three agency. Kurt Flodd, you got it? Got it. As in, flooding your pants. Casey Stangle, my favorite line says this fact, so he mans one of the teams in the 66-all-stair game and saying, Lewis, it was a hundred one degrees officially, a hundred-twenty on the field. He was asked what he thought of the new British stadium. He replied, it holds the heat well. Not bad. Not bad, Casey. Right anyway. See, you would have enjoyed Casey Stangle, but then that was back in the day. As a, as a, what? Before, as a comedian, that's all the way. He was a funny guy. All right. I'll watch a show. A journey, Trister's Bush, Blananza, even more in green is embarrassed. I'm not going to read the whole thing as too long, but I give you like a little tease. The man who stopped the money, we can't make skinny millions. This is from the village voice. Roger Stole in the jury tricks half-gablet of Republican politics as exploited his Bush connections to become an influence-punnery force in a $13 billion Indian gaming industry. Stole's booming business in such a federally regulated enterprise makes his recent pro-blonor orchestration of Al Sharpen's double-ed presidential campaign and even stranger covert Capert. The long-time GOP consultants reward for fomending the Brooks Brothers mob at Chetown, the county recount in the 2000 election was an invention, an invitation within days of Bush's election to serve on the Department of Interior transition working group, helping his own words to staff its bureau of Indian affairs to be IA. Stole, in a sense, used as an announced purchase to market himself to trap his developers from Louisiana to California, earning fat-based and contingent percentages of future casino revenue just two of the five deals examined by the village voice I projected to pay him at least 8 million, perhaps as much as $13 million. Time, the Washington Post and the New York Times have published exposÃ©s about Bush's BIA with a February story highlighting $45 million in payments to 2 GOP lobbyists from Fort Trash since 2001, even D.F. faces turn and red. But no one has focused on stone's profiturion which unlike the payments to registered lobbyists did not report in any public filings, he has routinely brought in the casino deals in part because of his precedibility to win Bush and or Republican congressional support, a role in consistent with his financing and staffing of the Bush-Bashing Rearbunds campaign. But it was sharpened himself who focused the voices of attention on stones balancing indicating that business voters pushed on to take over the campaign. It's all about Indian gaming, he said, when pressed recently to a plain sharpened said I will not spell about it. Maybe because he can't spell it out who I'll know. In fact, stone is a history of bizarre political operations beginning with his watergate era infiltrationally, the government campaign, and sharpened as his own buckle background, beating up on Democrats to benefit behind the scenes GOP allies like D.M.A.R.O. George Fittack, he and Mike Bloomberg. I help sharpen because our like him says stone of Edwin of the Nixon Reagan dual and Bush campaigns who steer 220 grand the sharpens national election network last year. There's no connection between helping sharpened my business. Who would advise his stone scripting sharpened any damage the Reverend might do with Berners Stone's bonafideies with Bush, thereby bolstering his leverage for second-term gaming deals. Stone in Shrepton can see they still talk and stones ally Charles Halbin remains the manager of Shrepton suspended campaign, organizing fund raises to pay up a $634 debt. $134 grand of a due to five stone-tied aids. And the story goes on and on about stones multi-million dollar motivation. It's a long-served privilege for us to tell our subscribers it's disturbing. You see basically what we're dealing with is a bunch of quirks and new people out there have been brainwashed. I feel sorry for you because most of you, whether it's the religious brainwashed encrap or the political brainwashed encrap or both is the case in so many cases. And just can't see the fore enough, Jeff, the fore for the trees man, that's a problem. There are a bunch of crux. After reading that crap about Kerey again was really, I mean yeah, I'll vote from 10 or 20 times sure. He's the buffer. But he's weak, he's a lame ass is what he is. Bathers me badly. And I'm sitting there trying to think of a politician and don't tell me John McCann because what a sellout he is. I'm trying to think of a politician that I can really respect to, I think is honest. And I'm thinking well he killed a girl, you know. Teddy, Ted Kennedy. Right, love him. But he killed a woman. Right. And so now you understand, like, Bob, it looks so good, you know. So, okay, was it getting a few, well, we can't say the J's on the side, whatever was. Yeah, but he never killed nobody. Never killed nobody because presidents and senators don't have men killed Michael. Who's being naive now? QU, U, U, or C, U, K. Man. Very sad. You're all bunch of crooks. Oh, you're so cynical to him, I'm just some new way to his, okay? If you want to be star-eyed and believe all these people are altruistic and they have our best interest in heart, I'm going to look for you, okay? Line 9 is headed again, W.Q.M. hello. And you know what's going? Pretty good? Actually, I'll see you all for how about David Beckham. David Beckham, he's making a big bucks. Yeah, I mean he's a packer. I know it over here, but in the world he's been around the world. You're my thanks, Valley. Have a great day. Finding out his haircut too, David Beckham. Can you spell it, BECKHAM? Yeah, I got it. Very good. What do you know who that is? You're a sports nerd? Of course. Of course. Pretty boy, right? I would not say he's a pretty boy. Oh, my God. Oh, geez. J's. J's. Kordes just said that. That's what they, whoa. Man, your stocks just went down even the marketing full on that man. Although I ain't looking to good. That's because Alan Greenspan was on their own. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Interesting heights are in the future. We can't say it's a little matter of, you know, it's just a matter of time. You just wait and then all you, and that's another thing. Whether it's the religious BS, the political BS or the the investment BS. We're all about your suckers. We all get laid down the garden path. Pretty say. How's it going so far here? The most important, definitely, the the 20th century. 319 that's 20 almost 30 percent look at that. Not 30 minutes. No athletes are important. They're pretty militant about it too. They are peode. Leading the pack and the Jackie Robinson in the tomb of Hammond, Ali 46, Babe Ruth 45, Baby Ruth. At least he had a candy bar named after. Just you on 37, Michael Jordan 16. And if funny how baby we would keep showing up in a punch full. Dan Rino 15, Tiger Woods 5, OJs got five all from inside a queue and building. I'm sure Jim Thorpe has got five. Palais got four Jolontana four-way and gritsky four. Lance Armstrong three. Will he shoot maker two? Vavior has got a pair. A pair for number four. Jordan asio two Roberto Clemente. Ariba Ariba. He's got one. Ty Cobb on Jim Brown one. George Armstrong. And the chief has got one. All right. Mark Spitz one. Arthur asks has got one. And no votes yet for Casey Stangle. Hank Aaron, Kurt Flood or David Beckham. He just went up there at a 400 pro votes. This is pretty important stuff keep it in mind. By the way, 7 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM, lobster faces back at the World Famous Ambulance Coast Chinese buffet. You could never have been there. We're not just talking about none of those Asian buffet that pop up on every street corner. We're talking about one that's untouchable. It's just phenomenal. Because it's the spring now with all the spring breakers out there, kids six and under E for free at the Ambulance Coast. In addition, Ambul Coast still offers you all of their sensational mouthwatering dishes. You can start off your electrical eating experience. Such as the eating experiences of pickup with any of their six different soups. Try them all if you like. They got enthrased like you've never seen before. New York strip made the way you like it to order. If they're sizzling Asian grill, they're brand new hoon on fish. Maine loves your thermator style, Jonah Crab. Ourses on the handshell, Jonah Jonah and the whale. And if you still have room, it's a whale of a fay. Try their entire prime rib and their new Thai specialties too. The Ambul coasts for most healthy living too because they don't use any crap when it cooked their food. No MSG. No cornstarchs. They cook only with cholesterol free oils and they're going to be even features a full salad bar, a full Chinese food line of a brand new sushi bar, of course fresh. See you. cocktail. And if there's any room after all of these things which are the miracle but I've seen a lot of you people, you probably even probably have a stuff a little in there. Some dessert. They got a full dessert station featuring Belgian mothels, tides, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, even fresh fruit. The Ambul Coastal Cations for you. By the way, I scrolled on my side where you... Well, he didn't play in the game but he was, I'm sure, rooting very hard. There is sunrise, sunny hours, femur pie. So take the whole family book and business lunch and right now. And don't forget to throw out a membership card so as you can get you that monthly newsletter. Let our friends at the Ambul Coast Book up a storm for you. Take out and the river you're available to call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. They're right nothing like the Ambul Coast Chinese buffet. hardship life alright They win this herbal, most folks want very unawaited They might tell you what a scare until the empty A said will stop you, these are dangerous and better Me, you can't sell them legally I drove they couldn't if not cause hot attacks and more It was a signal in like no other Now it's banned from stores, you no longer Can buy your better off And your blood hard is saying ever so get drunk You no longer can buy your better off So if you're so passionate on the public passion for the better off There we are Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Bro, hey, hey It's 20-7-0-9-60-72-8 And man dog it's 2-1-4, Marlon's baseball gun And then I'll fill it up here And towards your most Palm Beach you better check your counter please See the poll question is The most important thing to the 20th century was And George says name for your full Tom Brady And I guess he's biggest on, going to be all excited about that Well, I'm all excited about Tom Brady But the fact that I'm at a Rizzi one, two Superballs in the 21st century Am I correct about that? You are correct. Absolutely, right? So I said, so in 96 years George, Facts is back again and we'll be more than glad Because I'm sure during that period of time Tom Brady We'll probably want several more Superballs Absolutely, right? How many? About 10 minutes! So at that point he'll qualify, no problem Some of these people, man, silly people Right in here, this from the Australian newspaper Proofing men males are a biological thrill Japanese and Korean scientists of Korean-made healthy mouse Board with no males genetic material at all Kind of like freaking Carlos, no males genetic material at all It's a process called Prarthetto Genesis And until now is never happened in mammals from mice to well men It says, in contrast many insects and reptiles Not to mention plants, take advantage of this all-girl form of reproduction Because mammals are inhibited from reproducing by Prarthetto Genesis We decided to study by sperm and eggs that require Formal development in mammals Team leader Tom Ahiro Konos said, from his office at the Tokyo University of Agriculture Professor Konos wrote discovered that the stumbling block was a phenomenon called genomic imprinting A process that turns off the domain or female version of a gene When eggs inspire me to produce an embryo It sounded esoteric but the finding in the sense The embryo was remarkable, so embryologists Patrick Tanos in the University and Westmeads children's medical research institute According to Professor Tan in Prarthetto, he is like the sun birth defects And that's another thing about your president by the way People with diabetes like me, people with all sorts of ailments People with spinal cord injury, like Christopher W. even 1000s and 1000 maybe millions of others They could be walking today, they could be healthy But we don't want that stem cell research because it's the village And it said, the pulper, I'll bend out a shape about it See, this is what keeps the world in the stonate This is what imposes and inflict so much misery on people Is the fact that religious crazy people are ruling the world And they have a sense of beginning of time Just about as you read your history and of course your just an expert on meaning of the story As you read it Oh look at this, this is really cute Another phony answer is What did you send that to me? I thought it was funny, it's cute, read it on here It's a... Side Michael Palo's cute Here you go, John, just funny Back Michael Palo probably likes this, so sure He likes our experiment, it's just that he has to follow the law That's all, he can't impose his own personal views Right Speak at a crazy religious people, the Bible College that leads to the White House From the independent UK and some of our website again I'll read just a short part of it I don't want to get too a newsy here Okay, get the one guy I'll bend out a shape I don't want to sit here and be too pedantic And read and read I mean like who am I reading this to? Who am I reading it to? The children The children, read to the children The campus is immaculate, everyone is clean-cutting Sure, full, but just what are they teaching at Patrick Henry College And why do so many of their students end up working for George W. Bush? It says it's worth making clear from the outset that Patrick Henry College in Roe Virginia is not your average American university At Patrick Henry the students about 75% of them been taught at home rather than schools Are required to sign a statement of faith before they arrive, confirming among other things That they have a literal belief in the teachings of the Bible, literal belief Oh my God At Patrick Henry students must obey a curfew, they must wear their hair neatly and rest modestly Can't like the Mormons I guess? Yeah Students must also obey real estate and then if they wish to hold hands with the member of the opposite sex They must do so while walking, standing while holding hands is not permitted Keep moving And at Patrick Henry students must sign an honorplied as it bends in from drinking alcohol Less under parental supervision So let me ask you something, if you're holding hands with the Saudi prince, can you be standing still? There we were moving, if you saw the tape they showed it, they were moving In fact, wish almost called down Maybe the prince was holding him up Yet these things alone did not make the college special error after all number of Christian establishments across the US And in force such a strict fundamental scope for their students No one makes Patrick Henry, and he is the increasingly closed critics say a alarmingly closed links This recently established right when Christian College has with the Bush administration and the Republican establishment is a whole School of the W Just like Bush This spring of the almost 100 interns working in the White House Seven are from Patrick Henry, another intern works for the Bush-Hain and we are less in campaign While another works for President Bush's senior political adviser Carl Raven Rove Yet another works for the Coalition for Regional Authority in Baghdad Over the past four years, 22 conservative members of Congress have employed one or more Patrick Henry interns Janet asked Crop to wife a Bush's Bible-thumping attorney, Jennifer was one of the colleges trustees And this is no coincidence Rather it is the very point students had planned for Henry are on a mission to change the world Indeed to lead the world When after four years or so a study they leave their neatly kept campus with its close-moan lawns They do so with a drive and commitment to reshape their new environments according to the fundamental right wing vision of their college Critics say Patrick Henry system cannot help but produce narrow-minded students with extremist views But the college has openly stated aim is to train young men and women who will lead our nation in shape our culture with timeless biblical values Oh my God Nancy Keenan of the Liberal campaign group people for the American what he says the number of interns from Patrick Henry going into the White House scares me to death she says People have a right to choose where their children are educated but work concerned that they are not exposed to the kind of diversity This country has your training people with a very limited ideological and political view if these young people are going into positions of power They have to govern with all people in mind just a limited number. Well guess what they want to No, no, I mean the article goes on as well. We're three so long article from the independent UK got it Sign our prestigious website near rages.com Where I skid today on our pool the most influential athlete of the 20th century was I'm sorry the most important well you could use anywhere the greatest the most well, but if you're like no athletes are important 134 28 percent almost Jackie Roberts in 96 my hammer all e 59 baby with 50 Jesse oh and 43 how about putting Jesse owns on there? Good idea. Let's do that Michael Jordan 20 damn marino 15 Tiger Woods 9 Lan Armstrong 8 Pay lay seven Wayne Gritzky Fible needle nose. Oh Jason 5 the slager Jim Thorpe 5 Joe Montana 4 Bobby or still only got two that is criminal Well, he's human either two don't imagine or two but we're going to claim they two David Beckham two one for our thru rash tie comp Jim Brown your drum strong Mark Spitt tanker within none a big all four. Oh hurt floor at a Casey Stangle out of 476 I Guess most people over either though he was a very Very marginal baseball program self he's a stagally look about him as an athlete because he was a manager Do you think that's possible? He was on mangroor okay, I'll play a language 19 told noon at five sixty w few and nobody wants to talk about diseases Okay, because you know, it's scary. What are everybody wants to think about cancer heart disease? Yeah, you're what you're self to find out if you're in good health It's a proven fact that you can cure disease is a hell of a lot faster if treatment is if the you find it early. That's what I'm trying to say Hollywood diagnostic centers proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy which is so much less invasive and uncomfortable than the Traditional colonoscopy along with her amazing which I had these last week the coronary heart scoring and full body screening exams That can detect cancer other life threatening diseases in the early stages Doctors before was never needed. You just lay in the machine and you don't have to really do anything We've have take all your clothes off this lay there like in the MRI And they take all the photographs and amazingly they can look down and computerize you through your entire body into your lungs And your heart the whole deal if you have one in fact It was surprised that they actually found heart in my body for our imaging exam score. Hollywood diagnostic center 954 9663600 for the test that can give you and your family peace of mind. That's the most important I guess that's number one number two if they do find something find it early. Why can still do something about it And Hollywood diagnostic center they offer you the state of the imaging equipment with open MRI high speed cancer Can't snoop the medicine and much much more they got it all. Hollywood diagnostic center They've been serving community for over 20 years now and if facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service They can come right to you or a loved one so call Hollywood diagnostic center day for your imaging exam That it could be a life-saving phone call. Please call them and check this out call 954 9663600 That's 954 9663600 2AM We're long as every whole will on the right means a call And I will come today up with a TV on it and stay at a cafe in the store See I met I saw a purple creature with a gaze I learned this hit it wasn't upside down try I will purple taking me Hey, where is this guy? Where is this guy? Where is this guy? Where is this guy? Where is this guy? I don't know if he was carrying a little person How can they call this a children's show? I can't see it because I have a ground hole He has a rope so far I know purple taking you like me I'm not that bad guy I love you, you're beautiful I'm not that good, you're good You're beautiful We're almost above Christian find this hard to believe But on the yellow tell me something is a TV screen It had a personal thing to say to me That was going an eye to go hole in with things I think we're running a virgin right online Which I think I was out of the room Oh there's nothing wrong with that What? I slept in 47 at 5.60 WQM13 10 Williams How come nobody's mentioned these splendid splinter yet? Because it's what I see mentioning Jesse Owens over and over again Hey, how about Jesse Owens? How are 10 Williams? Number 9 you got it? They're Josh 10 Williams? I got it there At least put his head on it anyway 567 had a good head on his shoulders He said Williams, you should kill pigeons this in way for a second In a spare time 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQM hello Yes sir What about Wilchanglin? Well, bottom Father of our country There you go Okay, thanks so many way I beg your pardon Let's get him on there right away Wilk is still He's put him on there He's put him on there right now Of course the thing I like about him best Wilchanglin rate me was that 567560 pound 560 I didn't know the AT&T Verizon wireless line WQM happy Wednesday hello Peter, where else? Okay Haha WQM hello Yeah, I want to add a man to the list Yes sir Mario the mu Mario the mu Number 66 Ben Shaw Mcmill Thanks, Sally Mario the mu I can use spell that Lemukes Lemukes You know Spell or write man you get the danna get the danna from them frog I want to stir their dandruff Mario says he's going to play next season to his matter fact How many times do we turn it down? Not turn it down Listen I've got to be no next season anyway Be sure and send in your money for the panthers for next season Be sure and send that money in because Alan told what's saying on it would for a year or so 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Maybe this pull isn't it? I think it's too narrow you know the sports part of it Pointing I don't know I just don't think that there's the same excitement about this We should have divided the other ones up Yeah That was my band No well when we said entertainment we should have had said like musicians music people I never should have like actors in the You know that TV people stuff like that Don't you think We should have I mean for example how do you compare like George Burns with John Rarder Exactly How do you compare Steven Tyler with Jackie Gleason I stand him up next week I figure lifts On her WQM hello Hey Neil how you doing? That's pretty good Look you remember that classic song my dangling Yeah, it's up very Yeah Yeah you've supplied us but such a speech police It's probably wouldn't care about that one 10 plain Batman You can't play that You gotta be kidding me are you losing it You can't play that no more man you better give it a program baby You better wake up and start simply a vandaline Do you understand the stop-up and track of every one My dingling my ass Five Five Five six seven Five six six How five six six You know it's not bad enough We just did the purple tinky winky there with the Purple penis and whatever that was Which I don't even want to say that even Back go whatever I mean that was about as close to dancing me to that line as possible That's what that's all you ask him can you play that Well, you know I think I'm gonna edit this one because I like it just too much I'm rolling up the floor Yeah, yeah I can put a few you'll see All right, I did that nice to hold job but that bill cigar and monocons Right amazing stuff Right and for example I'm spending all my time these days I know better things to do but you guys spend all our times editing everything down So we can like dumb it down and clean it down to the work and public All those people are graduated from that school. I was just reading about Patrick Henry give me liberty or give me death what a lot of irony there is there you know I'm saying I can't even find this thing or here it is here's the one Get managed I have to go You got a great job better And if you didn't like that one I think this one might is almost equally outstanding if I can find it I'm sure I'm sure Yeah Girl guilty the human sensor man When it down you'll be it out you used to say bleep it out But now guilty it out which sure is how it least spices it up a little bit Do you want to hear him hello? I'll hear Yes sir Hi, I've got one that fits the boat of Uh, he was a great entertainer in Great athlete, John Holmes Right and he's still dead Tell me if you want him hello Yeah John Holmes Ha ha ha ha These people are the best aren't they? Let's go get three Well let's see if we can have the tricecta How about Sherlock Holmes WQAM hello Come on you can do it Hey new how you doing today Pretty good I got a suggestion for your pull I'm not quite sure if I got the guy's name right is a older hockey player You used to play before gritski I think his name was Corey Howl Howl howl howl howl howl howl howl howl howl howl howl howl howl howl howl howl Oh number nine Detroit Redwing's Hartford Whalers Yeah really good player too Great player today you weren't around the scene play yes Can I make a suggestion? Can I yes? Can you play a little Mickey and I is there for me? No 560560 pound 560 I'm coming on already with that You know it's getting really ponderless like everything else Although it is one of the few things we can still play I'll pick it up and I will take it to committee I swear There you go that's a little Mickey and I is there Just that is Mickey doing I is there if you are part of the expression 560560 pound 560 got a gritty howl on there Yeah he is on the fact that this guy didn't even know his real name He didn't even really want to give a name he just wanted to hear a mother Mickey That's all Very very sad it is just the brace my heart Well here is the new biography of Ted William see that spot put it on That it was showing some I thought that was a commercial or something In fact they are going to cart out Darren Kagan's going to interview Ted Wooden's frozen head and little while That thing I read the other day during Kagan was who the hell was she interviewing I mean that it's just it's mind blowing It's part of the same thing I'm talking about how dangerous he is William tells you see Darren Kagan interviewing Lomarka doffy tonight on CNN And tomorrow they are going to have solely that old Brian interviewing a pre trial interview for Sodom who is saying With solely that a Brian and the public says oh yeah that makes sense to me Scary WQA and hello Yeah Yes you are speaking Yeah Yes When I was wondering Do you know that song that you guys used to do the backpipes song Are you going to write no more man not a chance Not a chance You think if Jerry gets an office anything's going to change No Not at all No I did not not not not that kind of thing That's it We're in for this for like now What is it? We're in for this for life They were murdered Maybe you are America love it or leave it See they don't listen to me It's not a political thing and so I'm trying to tell you there is no political courage out there He didn't send out a search party It doesn't exist if it existed We wouldn't be having all these kids done everything in Iraq every single day Over 700 of them And all these Iraqis just being blown to bits That's a I wish I would have kept that story from this morning because there was that one line in it It just made me want to vomit About the burned unidentifiable mutilated bodies of the Iraqi children being dragged off the streets After the car bombings in Bosworth this morning I mean what are we talking about? They're doing it to the sale There you go They blow on your hands all of you people who support this war by the Republicans who Democrats you just a bunch of idiots You have blood on your hands you're a bunch of murderers Just like the people he called and would have started to answer about well Israel is always right And Israel right you got blood all over your hands Just like a eraphart and the sharon the two of them It's hubm in dread Traject Because everybody from the tender like is The little teeny toss The religious bullcraft and a political bullcraft and these and these people are good and these people are bad And the right is good and electives bad or the other way around and it's July It's childish they're all a bunch of crooks Just even two of them she's going to get even elected dog catcher again He's dreaming Come on out there and talk about being being an atheist and about the religious people are weak He's right I mean here's a guy that had the balls open up a mouth and say something but at least nobody's going to go not to a space to not get a mess of my with him He'll he'll slam him in two seconds right down to the floor Right But the fact is that if anybody thinks somebody's real independent thinker is going to be elected The any kind of high position in this country you're dreaming not no mole That's the answer to your question about where to help with these people come from Michael do caucuses come from where to help those George's W. Bush come from beside hunger It don't happen by accident I hate to break the news here that a long long time ago all of that changed All these secret meetings behind claman must almost never start radio a jumping to bed with these other conspiratorialists out there You know the builder burger is the trilateral commission and the Illuminatic makes more sense than anything else How else do you explain this crap you have thick at all the wrong titles and don't forget all those other great leaders like Jimmy Carter I am This which way you're You weigh in You go me missed the moves and I've been in it But it will ruin an hour Well, I've never thought I'd find it And kind of bad that I've been to the roundings to days Trying to question shit of views to stop because we have no thought of the Bad Now we've been busy This guy they did the criminal's cold and the guy's done the massive I've got the candle liquid Jerry York Call me Maybe I'm going to go down the Jerry Jerry if you think it's real Call me Call me Call me I'm going to go to the city I'm going to go to the city I'm going to go to the city I'm going to go to the city I'm going to go to the city I'm going to go to the city I'm going to go to the city I'm going to the office I'm going to give you something I've heard about the ticket I've got the ticket to praise I'm not 17 times I'll fall down on the island You can find now you can probably be terrible at Call me Call me Call me Call me I'm going to go down the Jerry if you think it's real Call me I'm going to go I'm going to go I'm going to go I'm going to go I'm going to go I'm going to go I'm going to go I got the way to go down I'm not a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatigued, I'm a little fatig The three plus 60 WCï¿½ Daniel Ellsboro, I think we have his article, I put it on our website today, attitude, and street dance ad. here's also them, who ever wants to take them, you know I'm just changing the what all of it will And then you know we need to get out July 1st. Yeah. But don't you think things will be out of control if we leave? 18 school children among those 68 or more killed this morning and the latest car are bombings. Suicide bombings in Vosera. 18 school children, little kids and a little school. I just wish you that in passing. See, it doesn't make any difference because television has so de-censitized the work in public that nothing goes on, whether it's column-bind, whether it's all of this massive. Notice now they got a new deal on CNN. They used to be Operation Iraqi Freedom. Now it's Mission Iraq. Whatever it had like me. I have no idea what it was. I mean, well we're out of business. To do what? Shut up. Anyway, in fact they just changed it. It was something else last hour now. Now it's Mission Iraq. They just keep changing it. John Nichols got a good column here in the nation as usual. Remember you wouldn't. Congresswoman Gerald the era Elizabeth the Holtman from New York. No, you're going to take Gerald the era. Now, why so we're all there both in New York so it's a Freudian sub anyway. Freudian timeframe. History used to provide the roadmap for the president. Unfortunately, leaders failed to consult the map. That's certainly been the case in the 911 Commissioners prepared to hear behind closed doors testimony from Vice President Dick Cheney and President George Bush at the same time. Members of the Commission for the most part members of Congress have attempted the secret testimony and accepted the secret testimony arrangement. But why? President's has testified before investigative authorities before and they have done so long comparable issues. Former U.S. representatives of Elizabeth Holtman reminds us that in 1974 a mid-national firestorm that followed President Gerald Ford's pardon the former President Nixon. Ford voluntarily appeared before a house somebody that was reviewing the pardon. The president came before the sub committee made an opening statement was questioned by the House members. Although each of us had only five minutes, I was able to ask the president directly whether it did been a deal with Nixon about the pardon. The public could determine by Ford's demeanor in his words whether to believe his impact in the island of any deal with Carl Soltman was the young member of the House was a key player and they do this year a committee's investigation in the Watergate scandal. The fact that important questions could be posed directly to the president and the fact that the president was willing to face down his various critics in public were healthy things for our country and not even the staunchest Republicans complained that the presidency was being demeaned. By recalling the history of Holtman Rises that President Bush could and should simply appear before the 911 Commission. There was no constitutional crisis here and there is no dangerous person that could be established and there is no question or proportionality. Certainly the intensity of the demands for explanation of the Nixon pardon can appropriately compete with those for an explanation of how the current administration was spotted to terrorist threats before and on and after the September 11th of 2000 attacks. As with the Nixon pardon, the events of 911 called huge national concern response, the victimist families as well as millions of others have asked why it happened and what if anything could have been done to a virtue tragedy, these are simple reasonable questions. The best response to those simple reasonable questions the whole of Holtman Rises would be for Bush to volunteer to testify in public and under oath to be national permission on terrorist attacks on the U.S. Bush would be wise to take a page out of Ford's book. Americans could then decide themselves whether to agree or disagree with Bush's 3911 Congress or not. They wanted trust their president. They wanted to know that he acted with the best of motives that he used good judgment that he's a leader. In other words, that a chief executive, he knows when and how to mobilize the government to take action Holtman asserted and an opinion T.C. wrote this week for New York State News. If Bush refuses to answer reasonable questions in public, the indelible impressions left at something to hide. That impressions being forced by the White House's insistence that Vice President Cheney's sit with Bush at the hearing. The president who cannot afford to convey the image that he's afraid to appear on his own, and needs of the 911 Commission or the published permit aid behind closed jurisdiction for anything except national security information. The same principle said replied to testimony of former President Bill Clinton. Holtman's wise comments, big one question. Why didn't anyone think to put this former member of Congress and even New Yorker on the 911 Commission? There are a number of information that is we share her experience including the course Richard Bevris State who hated Bush's department's Watergate Task Force 73-75. But we'll see that the Commission could use someone who recognizes the Holtman that there is no better, crucible in a public hearing who happened to be sure that the truth will come out. The idea could happen though. He's got to be holding Dick Sand. I said, he's got to be holding. Yeah. Just what I said. Kind of like Prince Abdullah, Dula, from Saudi Arabia. That picture is just a mind-blowing, especially when they showed it several times in Slummo and Free-Sherry-Mlyce, not innocent, you see. The most important athlete of the 20th century is or was, no athletes are important, 163 said that Jackie Robinson, 112, Miami, all these 76 V-25, Jesse Olin's 52, Michael Jordan 29, Dan Moreno's 17, Tiger Woods 12, Land Armstrong's 10, everybody else single digits. Even for George Armstrong's Chief. 560560, Con 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, Wireless Line. I just don't know what it takes anymore to get the American public pissed off. You are box cards. I'm not sure. What does it take? It's got to get me fired up when I hear someone say that. I mean, $2 a gallon gas. That doesn't seem to bother anybody, even though we were supposed to get, it was part of the deal. Going to get all this cheaper gas. We had that Iraqi oil, you know. Well, if they, of course, even though we weren't going to take over the oil fields, just for going in there, you see the whole of the oil's down to this. Back to the original, the first Gulf War 91. We didn't give a flying crap about two weight. That was the reason that we went in there. We went in there because our close dear personal friends and keep in mind who was president. That time, his life thing happened to be bush. Our good friends, the Saudis, were peeing in their pants. That once saw them finish off with Kuwait. He was going to go just keep marching right on his Saudi Arabia. Take over the oil fields and kick their Saudi ass out. That's why we went in there in 91 in the first place. I just, I just mentioned that in passing. Saudi Arabia, that is the sand, children of the wood pile. Okay, make no mistake about it. 560, 050, 050, 056, the only AT&T in Verizon, Marble Slime. W.M. Hello. Hello, the owner. Yes, sir. Are you going? Um, somebody, you know, personally, be tamper. There you go, why not? Okay, now I have two Q&A and Spire reports. Yeah, for example, say you're going to go to the US. The 238, M and 730, M. How did David blow a chop at G.D.? Oh, no. Yes, he did. And then, how are David and Blur? How come they didn't dump it? He got on here? I got on here. Oh, no. And then, from 8 to 10, my guy. And then, from 8 to 10, the big old show, all I was was the best of our tour of your show. Oh, that was the worst thing I've ever heard of, Neil. I'm going to tell you, if I could tell you how bad I feel following that Swill that we had on the weekend this morning. And then we'll put you on the website about it, my friend. It was terrible. It was like, yeah, a nice team might be on. Who was the job pick of the evening there? Oh, no. Whatever. And that was the way the Marlon tickets are getting. They started by me. Thanks for the bad news. Well, how do you like that? So the Mulman, oh, brother. How about your his asses going to be in hot water? He won't be soaking his roi jitter. Are you ready for that? I heard him. I mean, the G.D. thing he let out this morning, allegedly. Next thing you know what he's going to be saying? You know what it is, don't you? She just cries. Oh, no. You see, you said that that was, I'm not asking you to answer it. Okay. There it is. I heard it. Now he says that. He's in deep doodle man. He's in deep whatever we can't say anymore. Craft. Why didn't they dump it? Why isn't there a suspension? I have no idea what's going on with that crowd there. There's something really in a course robber creeper. He's like a alien mess. You know, he's the on touchable. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what to make it pictures of. I think it might be a curse in Greg. And I mean, I mean, the duffer, the whole tree of Madrona. I don't know what it is. The whole man is the team in this square and pivot girl. But I mean, what is that all about? See, if they were wordless about eating all the free food from how he's doing in the morning, under the in these trying times that we're trying to survive through right now and more worried about monitoring very carefully what's on here. We wouldn't be having these things. I can understand the old mole man. Absolutely. This is silly old-footie. No, the anyway. Okay. Boy, how about Pete Rose? Somebody says that a posture or why not? Pete Rose. Here's what we all love. Scrumbag. There's there ever was one. He never trembled on. Said Cincinnati Red. Baseball. Right. Sit there. To track where you make stack of bills. And by the way, that tower of call is pretty pissed off about you sticking your years ago. Pete Rose. I'm going to tell that story one of these days. But I'll push you in the stick on the ticket. I'll tell the story. I'm going to make sure I get it all right. I. She was strangling if she could get her hands on him. Destroy this one's life. That's Pete Rose. And they are good. Should you be in the hall of fame? Let me answer you. Whether Pete Rose should be in the hall of fame. Who gives a flying crab? Okay. All the things they're going on in the world. All of these things they're in the world today. All of these things. And they were there. People out there worried about whether Pete Rose should be in the hall of fame or not? Screw him. That's my comment. Okay. I was saying. I was saying. I was saying. That's my comment. That's my comment. If you have one of those questions that you haven't read. I will do this. I said this morning. Right. 1213. If I have six to have two and you know when a guy is sitting and considering a fair replacement. I'm getting tongue tied. Every time I think about a fair place. You don't want to look like that. Do you know what I mean? If that's anything but it's all my goodness. That must be it. Man. It's more famous than he is. You can always spot a really bad piece. How many good ones, though? So informisties appear to the guests on Good Morning America, the today show CBS morning news as well, introducing his patented hair system that offer you the most amazing natural hairline system you can find. The most critical area of any hair system is the hairline, and Charlie's news skinlight care system is 100% undetectable. It's so skinlight can someone's like having a condom on your head. Charles Ophier is guaranteed you as a dry hair system for just a month, which is not turning me. The beauty base after a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting just loaded with more action you can even handle, which you're not for full refund. So what's not to like? Charlie also services and repairs existing hair system including shampoo and trim. So not to like, I'll Charlie today and change your life forever with a great look and head of hair. Call 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or log out of his world famous website, Charles Ophierie.com. The last one is my life in local times. For 20-0-56-2-1-2-A-M. There was a no farmer who lived on Iran. He's adding the meadow just taking his face that some boys who were down by the print. There being the water, there ends on their marbles and play things in and at last forth, their table, young ladies, she looked like a pretty young creature, she sat on the grass, she pulled up her dress and she showed them her ripples and laces and white luck beat dark. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you in later, but yesterday's art, for the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the pillow, down by the dark. In the black-up man with a size of more home in the country with a big fence out front, give me as her phone like they should show him her little pet dog who was subject to spit. And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with her movement so quick. And then she bent over and sucked on his panties so tasty made of butter, sky. And then he spread with cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf. If they just sit there, you can go through yourself. Come on, Tina, five, six, you're doubting QA. And here's one of those that we still play, how do you like that? Great. Like a lot. Anyway, I see it's your fault today, so you've done a band thing. Uh-oh. You haven't kept that leash short. You're leaving, let me go off to the Pentagon and give me all whipped up into a frenzy about all this crap. What? I'm loving it. Feat that sports business. You're a seeer, you're loving it because you're not the barometer of the audience. The audience out there wants a little bit of a few chuckles. See you like that. That sports. Forget about the sports part. But all this business about like changing the world and all been on a shape because all these leekers are liars and thieves and crooks and gypsies and tramps. So what am I going to do about it? Oh, you're not going to change the world, but it's fun to hear you're powered on the desk. Who else pounding on the desk? Oh, you know, it's a figure speech. I see. I said. Without the desk. That was the desk. Okay. Hey, if it wasn't, you probably heard one of those. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Choices for the pull line, of course, any other fantastic information that you have to pass along. They got a call before. Well, this says about the pull. Can I discuss on their love course? Of course. But, you know, we never assume we're going to get those kind of calls because how many years have been doing this? Not good man. We're going to about that. That's why we started doing these simple and pulls every day because otherwise, if the audience doesn't have like a one-word response to give, it's, uh, oh, we're like we're including on their, uh, gray and their gray matter a little bit too much and a gay matter. Follow my drift. Don't you hear me? Hello, not there on line one. WQM, hello. How does this? Jesse, always make it on the list yet? Not having made it on there yet. We're working on it. WQM, hello. WQM, hello. Deal. Yes, sir. I got a name for your list of your female listeners from Road 4 and it's not John Holmes. How about Billy Bull guy Jean King? Billy King, somebody suggested that earlier. I'll tell you the same thing I said. Oh, no. Why would we put Billy Jean King on there? I don't know. But the most important aspect of the 20th century was Billy Jean. Okay, put around here. It'll make this guy happy. Billy Bull like Jean King matters to you. Put around here, Billy Jean, and then we'll have to put, uh, what's his name? Bobby Riggs. And Jack Riggs. And I'm just joking about that. I better say that because he put Bobby Riggs on there. I just know it. How about I had a quarter of COVID? Put Jack Riggs on there. Former voice of the hazel park. I think Jack Riggs retired or died one of the other. You know who Jack Riggs was? No. Good. mr ÑÐ»Ð¾Ð¶ p URL. Come at us. Jared fr Come look up our post onoo. Not too well. 560, put our old Tomaron Airport to Golden Bear Jack Nicklason and let's get a bunch of golf guys on here so this old tow that just got them in to go with a phony voice. Come on let's go. Let's put them on. 560, 560, pound 560. See you know what this really proves? How important sports really is. Yeah. It really does. I mean other than Joe Noondike and Eddie Belfort, who else do we need on this list? Am I right? Who? Who? And what about Gary Roberts? Who is that? Don't put him on there now. I have to clarify each and every one. And the audience is probably wondering why do you keep saying that because if I don't clarify it, he actually will go ahead and put it on or what does he know? Well you know who Gary Roberts is. Josh? No idea. Suddenly I have this pounding headache. Why should he do? I have this shrubbing pain in the what they call it, the makeup of my neck. What they call that? That is like you're on the stirms in the front. I want to call that. How about back go? And that's what they call. I got to paint in the ass. I don't want to go in with it. Okay. I mean we got, we got sports on this station and then they hear that guy tell me about what he's doing. Oh, how come I knew that? Not just a music he played there. Because he couldn't finish the two minutes without that crap. He haven't had lead. Couldn't, you've given away all the tickets that he had to give away. But a bunch of stupid, pretty equations. And he had nothing left for two minutes. So he plays music for two minutes. Is that brutal or what? That was our lead in. I don't want to play a bunch of boss again, Duff. I think you idiot. But if you ever put the big, oh again, there's a leaving this show, that little be it. At that point, at that point you and I, part company, we no longer will need our own program director on this show. If we have to be proceeded by the big, even if Duff had to do the show would have been more entertaining. Even if Freaky Carlos had to do the show, at least it would have been good for a few yucks. Yuck. Yeah, yuck. That's what I'm thinking. Every time I think of Freaky Carlos, that's the word that comes to my mind. Yuck. Yes. Staff. The big. Oh, man, he's brutal. But are your people? No, what are your people? What are your folks? When you're silly people? No, he's not one of my people. Is a sports guy. I'm not. Oh, sports is for idiots. WCOM. Hello. Yeah, I like speaking. Speaking. Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. Listen, I just want to think about talking here. You know, you think that we're at hold in your using. You might do want to be careful with that because that's where Customs come from. WCOM. Hey, Neil, this is for George. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. WCOM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. How about a. A new rock. New rock me. Not canoe man. Get a rock. Can you rock me? Why do you just want to make sure your dress spells are wet. You got your K on there? K. K. New rock me. To the most important athlete of the 20th century. Put him on or sure. What about what's his name? That loan the Louvre Gis Glove. What was his name, Josh? What's that? Wally Piff. He was the real Piff. Yeah. Louvre Gis is wally. Lomey or glove. And like 3100 games later, Wally still sitting on the bench cooling his heels. You just, you people don't know nothing about sports. So that's what I would love to expose on this radio station. It's supposed to be a sports station. Most of the people we got on here are sports pretenders. We got a couple of guys on you about his gambling. Okay. That's it. Gambling. And then we got a couple of guys that used to wear a drop strap and take showers together. And pretend to know something about sports. When a sports nerd when he sports star of the future sits there and tells me, he don't know who Gary Roberts is. I have to raise four eyebrows on that. And say, holy crap. Yeah. That's two sports star of the future who you talking about. Trots corners. He doesn't want to do those sports shows. Hell you don't. He don't. He better changes absolutely do about that. He'll see you how fast he'll be sitting out there in a street corner right there by Chuck Subcenter. What is some of? Like I said, I don't want to be sports. I don't want to say out of where, but. If your purpose looks like a mess, who's the answer for you, drop concepts. I've used them in my house for like almost the lifetime and seemed many different homes over 20 years. Because about once a year, let's face it unless you're a total slob. You want to have your carpet clean and look and just like brand new. Not just your carpets, but your area of rugs, your expensive oriental rugs, your drape, your furniture, all of these. All of these things. Right. And drop concepts is the best in the world of bringing your carpeting back to life because they dry, clean, your carpet's. Nobody else know where it does it because it's an exclusive pandemic method. And when they finish your carpet, look and spell, let me fresh this like brand new. And they last longer too as a result. So here's the deal. If you want to have your carpet slipping just like you've spent a lot of money to put brand new on your floor just a couple of days ago, this is the way to do what else can I like cash and speak in a cash. Don't forget two things. Number one, it give your written guaranteed price before they start to job in number two. When you call dry concepts, just ask them please, but we on your stand by list, which means you can save another 15% off the already unbeatable price of their fantastic job. Call dry concepts today. You'll never be disappointed. Call toll free. 1-800-248-5771-1-800-248-5771. A long number there website, www.dryconcepts.com. And more. This is for 205-600. And we're doing it. Item fourth watcher. I look forward to watching. I look forward to watching. Look at that thing guys. I'm so glad. I look forward to watching. I look forward to watching. Welcome. Welcome. I look forward to watching. I look forward to watching. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. I look forward to watching. I look forward to watching. I look forward to watching. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. I look forward to watching. Welcome. Welcome. Who's favorite and fat? They cry. They wear a dress. Watch me. And again. They respect no. I want to watch. Oh right. I'm a poor torture. I look at the sight of his balls. I look forward to watching. I look forward to watching. I look forward to watching. What's the acostumcom? I look forward to this course, Trailboiler. I look forward to watching. Let's watch football. Welcome. Comference to FDDKç‚º TM. So, we have a real problem now. I have an holiday starting with someone we all know and hate. That's completely. You think? are he's got a problem and say zero tolerance policies that I've heard from the bee's people all the time that's the problem we're talking about you didn't know I'm just saying no I was there what that's right that's a sports show I forgot about that so they can say uh... g and all these other things probably back to say scrum bag because there's no passion involved or dupe bag or something is that's the uh... defining thing right the capital difference they're not passing by listening was just a mechanical act and if you've ever heard more believe me it sounds even mechanical or wooden or maybe both of these things anyway it's just a one of the time just mentioned passing and of course the car could have just made that up i don't think the moment a refined dignified uh... new yorker like him would would just slip it out and i've learned it out no motorists who it to do to go into prison violation member tillie to do should have scott candled at the break of his life probation no jail time no conviction three years ago after knocking eighty three year old tillie tutor in a way swattering swamp and living here for dead all i two zanika no mercy meeting yesterday camel twenty four was sentenced to four years in prison nearly the maximum providing his probation by allegedly driving drunk in mining December and episode of saw him hit a moving car along with the prison since he received a blistering lecture from Paul backman the power circuit judge who decided on leniency last time Campbell phased him really is you were getting away with murder backman said to say why nothing but bread a bright lights ahead you made me a promise they would never come back you got the break of a lifetime it was handed you on a silver platter you didn't polish it you let it tarnish part of me wants to put you away and toss the key is what the judge be saying and the algeist two thousand incident that made national headlines camel hit tillie tutor a pepper pines grandmother who's not eighty seven knocking her toy off i have five ninety five into a mangrove swamp i remember like was only yesterday shirt at the time he told Paul easy to notice that any car admitted from the elevator highway he said he thought he was in a single car accident but two dispensary days trapped in a car staying alive on gum cough drops in rainwater as you cut in her steering wheel cover and maybe a little bit of evidence see two into that two can be all bad although his probation probited traveling outside Broward County well what Campbell drove to mining December when arresting officers asked him to take a breath of life he said uh-uh he refused both were confident that he had been drinking officers said they were afraid to let a match near Campbell because he reached so bad of alcohol prosecuted great russman said they were afraid to let a match which means either a lot of moves on the spread or maybe may best sound that we can make any more on the amount of it in two thousand two two were supportive of giving a second chance to Campbell and she even hung him in the courtroom two to without a courier to the all over her name was brought up repeatedly there should be mercy in the justice system everyone believe Campbell was in more fuel till he two to believe he was a more fuel russman said but here we are because he turned his back on mercy Campbell told back when he was drinking with the same Friday curows with around the time of the tutor incident i think enough of the tuton no shield no question enough of the tuton already my god how many chances is he getting enough of the tuton five six seven oh five sixty how about ten walus about her may fit on or may villiches curds blood i think we have any got heard flood on the news and it will be i don't think there are many important sports figures in the twenty century because basically they got about ten names and they just keep repeating the same ones over and like i said this ain't no and it's good you should be pleased with this they because if we had a zin in different names you'd say all of you this fourth must be very important they're just you aren't that many sports people who are all that important okay so that's a good thing the bad thing for me because i keep pushing up the full make it same jz on's let's put it other than already jz on's yeah how about that moizail most importantly the twenty century was no athletes are important 187 to be say that jackey Robinson 131 mohamid all eighty seven baby roof 63 jz on's oh jz on's his on there 57 oh how do you get it Michael Jordan's got about thirty man then we know nineteen land star mr. 13 the tiger's got 12 and paila's got 12 uh bobby or when grits could time with season piece we got no hockey people out there in south 40 even a hockey team we know hockey people does that make any send up now it's sad first say 32 a.m. hello hey you right boom boom man see uh oh how about him he meant see a lesson off the other day in our dinner did you all the music for the pink pants and movies yes 32 a.m. hello hello here we're breakfast and tibony jessor uh something at your door oh yeah when i was put in a surf on there you got it w q a hello q m. hello oh i'm speaking new new yes i'm jackal Elaine oh yeah he's pretty athletic love that blender here's though doesn't need to do the one with a blender is that somebody else that's a juicy man is it no that's a different one to juicy man oh kick it no more than athletic than him how do i do see man just turned 41 w q m. hello yeah j p my daddy but he's got even better i brought than Andy rune the a juicy man haven't seen him a long time and he died maybe a little bit too much juice w q m. hello that was uh the cold problem q a.m. hello hey Neil you got a club we must be out of big free age of guys Joe name it oh Joe well we'll eat y'all okay these have a few problems these days thank you sir get your name is on there now what we do with that uh draw or here no it's been a tough season for jet bands what is it really you're now on a human struggling it's only a kiss you i couldn't care less about the team struggling i want to kiss you that's you yeah you're smart man don't you don't name it by the start and then you're dead listen these doesn't have time wow now you know if he's doing the same thing that i'm always telling Josh not to do believe does it anyway she's talking through a teeth you want to hear that now listen her carefully the beginning you know what you're gonna tell you jet bands you know what you're saying now what it was like keeping all over her you see i mean the fact that he was liquered up a little bit to be even a little part of it but she needs talk of her he had her cleanse teeth maybe because she couldn't stand the the stench bread i might have been it i could have been a little bit that booze and losing in cruisin what did y'all name it baby there he is uh pretty boring guy this day plus you little bit i'd be a good poll who's the most illiterate shock of all time white Terry Bradshaw Joanima what you want help from me on this yeah or Josh in our tickets white guy and please oh i got one maybe the winner Joe dodgola did i check you remember Joe garage your law huh yeah right what i'm not talking to you i'm talking about Josh he's a sports expert you way i don't remember Joe garage y'all uh no totally and moly and what about dizzy dean wow you are just so out of ten on i it's just it breaks my heart i mean if you're working like a real work is not on a real radio station they cared about things other than just stupid ball games i'd say hey or power to you you've got women you're bringing for something important you know like getting later something like that but i mean you got to cut her off your mind with a lot of use of stuff like uh Georgia city uh and uh and rake crunk and racedine and Gordon Norris and Charlie Norris Jr can you imagine what what how much i can do about history and about the whole world if i could clear out all of it just the harness racing names forget about hockey all the useless stuff i got all the harness racing names and trivia that i have in my brain i think there's an operation they do i think the big you know who needs it oh big oh he needs it the trivia man the likes pindell of q a m mr trivia if i find out that he's done beyond again tomorrow morning you're doing the show i'll say that right now i don't want to make idle press i'll leave him a short show like i said a Friday morning i find out he's gonna be on i just had the feeling even though i didn't hear uh hardly any of what he was doing when i heard that music what was he was playing again who played happy trail by that healing oh oh my god that's certainly want to blow somebody's brains out somebody whose name is in there yeah begins and in in spring and the savings right now and saved like never before that also in in oh on a new car track from armstrong toyodohum state the run US 1 20 minutes out of the 36 and it's worth it ride down here because they're gonna save you so much cash they're gonna save you thousands and thousands on great new toyodas chakra these great least deals waiting for you right as i speak and oh four camera four one or just 260 on a month of forty-eight months how about an old four high-munder just 309 a month need a truck how about an old four toyodotunder the safest truck in the US of a just a hundred seventy nine a month for forty eight months these are just some of the great savings going on right now at armstrong toyodohum state general manager David Farration established what ever it takes to put you in a great new toyodot today so experience for yourself a difference when you do your car shopping at armstrong toyodohum state they're looking at an operating community 100% customer satisfaction too their service departments even open for your late till eight week nights to make sure they get it all done for you easy to find them they're running the corner of US one two ninety-third street in the home stage just 20 minutes out of the 36 and listen carefully with this armstrong toyodohum state offers your free tires bad ways and replace them parts for the life of your vehicle that's right tires bad ways and free parts for life nobody nowhere else does that so please don't waste your time it goes big fancy fancy mega car leaders and giants have given the big show in the dance and then let you down do the smart thing do your shopping at armstrong toyodohum state called the gym David Richard now for an unbeatable deal call three old five two four two thirty two forty seven three old five two four two thirty two forty seven travel a little and save a ton on that great new toyodot today at armstrong toyodohum of home state what's just happened there all you know what it is that's what it was own your this is vanilla rolling show you Good night. Welcome, what's the violence have to do to win the world series this year? What happen to you, New one, Steve? Think I just win the bat, hit the bow, hit the strikes, remember to give a baseball to the 50% hitting, who doesn't want to have? 50% feeling, 50% position, and to a public safe managing. But, Crow, that's 175%. What? Don't you be questioning me? What you be? And then? And then? And then I said, you be a bad bat. I'm not getting ready. But, I'll play both, as you know, baseball, in a terrible, good year, get mad at my son. Did you? Well, actually, I'm not even there. I'm playing in it. I'm playing in it. Are you in it? I just don't even know anything about it. You don't even know anything about it. Tell him you won't be home. I'm the Crow. I'm the KG. In a minute, please. Top 48 in five, 60, WC, we got the mad dog at two. Oh, right. Or at four. And then we got Marlon's pre-Gaming at six, 30, game time, 7.05. I've rather hit a crow for me to tend than the big. Oh, you know why? Because at least he's funny. Okay. And it's very sick twisted way. And I'm just saying at least you can laugh and you can hear how what a goofball is. And he smells pretty. Yeah. Like the big. Oh, man. He's just, he's the, he's the, he's the kid. Again, my personal is his only business. Okay. Don't take it personal Orlando. But it's just, uh, he's not ready for prime time. And he's going to be on the weekend tomorrow, given away tickets. And I'm taking a few weeks off. Now, you, well, and again, I don't want to complain, but I think following him and hearing that song, that awful thing that went on and on for two minutes at him, the show this morning, that let's send me off out of wrong footing. I just never been able to recover. So I don't want to sound like I'm whining, but getting this email that I just thought, this will show you what I'm saddled with. Although, you know, you've had your own experience. Okay. You know, I'm not a kid. No one can't professional-faggan. What are you laughing about? He sends me an email about, you, you could never guess what this is about in a minute. What are you just gave us a hint? Yeah, well, it's something like that. Yeah. Pride day with the Blue Jays. Now, the Toronto Blue Jays have lost 10 of their first 13 games, which equals the worst starting team history. There were an absolute joke. They stink they blow. If I can say that in this context, I better not. Uh, and he says me an email. Not the Maple Leafs last night, just one of their series in an exciting 17 against Ottawa, four games to three, but a 41-wilized start right over here at the Arcana Center. They were honking the horns and go a nuts year to one two a clock at a morning. And he's, he's telling me about some flag baseball day. Norma stopped being a professional-faggan. Okay? Go you look with Charlie Christie, somebody get out of my face. God, Jesus Christ. A Christ. On Friday June 25th, the song Take Me Out to the Volga. You might have a whole new meeting. It's the first Pride day with the Blue Jays. Come join the game. I got news for it. The game has been community in Toronto's going to a game that better have about 3 million seats. Like I said, about 10 million seats. Friends family and community support is of all ages. Welcome to Cheers. The Blue Jays take on the Montreal Expose. Oh my God. Here's what they're doing. And all the Southern Front. Professional flag. If that's all you are, Norma. All these people are dying all over the world. All you can think about is some stupid ass baseball game. And they're inviting a bunch of fans to come out as if they're in enough there every day. Anyway, any place you got more than 100 people in Toronto. I'll tell you right now, at least 50 of them are fast. So what are you talking about? Including seven of the players. God. Excuse me for getting worked up about that. But that's a difficult idea with him. That's where his mind is. I mean, the professional Jews and the professional Cubans and the professional Facebook. Get a life where you're pleased. I have no life. God. Think about something besides spaggery. No. Man. How about straight day at the ballpark? Wouldn't that be great? You're gay. Ha ha ha ha. Man, what's that one that we got? Where the hell is it? Oh, my God. Oh, here it is. The game is in my cell phone. Here it is. The world's my mystery. The name days keep the rest of the girls in the closet. No more. That's what they did. They have to fall for. That's enough. Man. Don't you think that you're as you go through life. You have to have a kind of like a variety of interests. Yeah, well normally normal people do normal normally normal. I didn't know I was. I didn't know she had a middle name. It's normally can't. I didn't know that. I'm still now. Sister Peggy. Normally can't. Ha ha ha ha ha. Five, six, seven, five, six. Five, six, five, six. Five, six. On the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here on your fan station for the new millennium. Where are you going to receptionist in this screening fruitcake? 32. Hello. Mickey Mannell. Mickey Mannell is a good choice. How come nobody put him in there? The first Jewish ball player Mickey Mendel. Ball, posted by a red paneler and a blue ball. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six. On the AT. How come nobody put on there? He banks. Huh? I give up. Why do you banks? You got it? Take it to the banks. A lot of people are on this list to, oh, definitely ought to be. In fact, just take a look at the fact that Jim Brown's only got. I mean, he, I don't care what anybody says about the L.C. or as a world of Peyton or anybody. Great. No. And so he's a squumbag. We can't help that. He said issues. As they say. How many votes has he got? Three votes. Three freaking votes out of seven hundred and seventeen. That course is sure what you're doing with him this time. And these are supposed to be sports people. Sports station. And Jim Brown's got three votes. Man, all man alive. What's he, you, you know? W.T.Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, good deal. Yes sir. Good night. Good night. Good night. Good night. Good night. Good night. Good night. You're lucky. That's best. You're lucky. All right. That seems stupid. Look on his face is Peyton Manning by the way. At least Josh knows who Peyton Manning is. Yeah. There, there. Good. That's good. I'll you start to move in the right direction. What about Sandy? You know who that is. next to her. Business where I'd love to know what it was that she got and returned for that. Give me the sign of contract with Bob Green with no agent boy. You talk about dumb. I out of it. I am dumb. What it came to get in the sign out with that mid-turtish. I was in Moran at total. All right. It tended over my money to some my ex-murder like him or whatever it is. And in the same thing with the Sandy paper. And Bob Green and her group host friend Cheryl. Your friend, your good buddy. Yeah. Cheryl, Rick and Schwartz, so we whatever her name is this week. Go up, I mean, more Cheryl. You broke my heart. You just broke my heart. And then when I said to Bob Green, you know, take care of George. You know, my stupidity because that took his word for he took care of all right. Uh huh. Just like his foot right in your back. Um right. Bob Green, you know, Bob, I don't know what your story is man, but to let me a couple of million dollars I'll get out of your hair. WQAM. Hello. Hey, you know, what's the fault in this for a show? No. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Bill? Yes? I got Sammy caught that. Sandy, co-fax, let's get some Jews on here. All right. Sandy co-fax, one of the all-time greats headed tremendous impact, especially when he wouldn't pitch on the high holidays, which pissed off a lot of going on. Well, it's where it goes. I want to third guys would have pitched on East to Sunday, huh? Probably would. Yeah. You think? Definitely. I don't know. I don't know. Let me just say again, all you kids that might be listening out there like I'm your Sony Walkman's at school. I just want to tell you right now, the religious people are the dangerous people. When you see one of them anywhere near you, run like crazy, okay? Call 9 11 4 11 call anybody. Call a cop. Also, I'm not in pretty dangerous too. Call for help. Don't call a priest them. No, I like I said, when you see any of them anywhere near you, when you see the priest comments, I don't want to go into that. 5 6 7 0 5 60, 5 50 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Log to that, tell you something. It's just a lost cause, you know? Yeah. It's like farting upstream, it just almost impossible. I'm not a lot of news about it. Huh? Time to start a new colony like on Mars or something. I'm missing something here. I'm looking ahead of the next hour and I know I see what it is. Okay, I'll take care of that. I'm just getting organized for that big one or two hour, you know? You know how it is? Sure. I've already got a last hour's last page of the log-off company. Not that I'm a big earth. Oh, listen, see, I got spoiled. I've never recovered from that one day today that we had the Marlin Game of Woon, but that was opening day, right? So we had the pregame festival, you started them two hours shown. I said to myself, I ride everywhere. It's that. This is living, baby. This part is this flower crab. That's where they can stick it. Oh, we are supposed to be in time to swim. The boy, it's the one to two hour. Hi, I'm Chris the Belong. Join us for the entire Runaway Pro, as in history channel, Belong's day history month. It is deaf love into the cloud of the famous face that's short of reason I brown the famous people like Tom Cruise. I love tower, can we grant it? Randolph, can't see common. That's right. Peter, Frank, yes. Well, he would British. That doesn't count. That's the mention of fading bags like Dilma, Carthy, and Trent, not Trent, not John. He was a pumbum girl in college, you know. Oh, drop this up. Drop this up. And you could be such a big sometimes. Don't you think I look pretty in Christ I do. Oh, I'm not a fan of God. I guess. I'm God who holds it in Christ. He's a beautiful, he's a history month. Oh, he's a history channel. It's a banana after one of the five and six, the ability to weigh in five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, the only 18, 10 Verizon wireless line. I do like that normally. As a matter of fact, I can take a bit right now for both of us. You know, we got good by normal gene, right? Good by normal league. I can hear it almost in my head right now. How do you do it? Pretty good, sir. I don't want for you. Do you want a mocha? Okay, great. How do you do it? Good. Pretty good. I was thinking that it's job I just took a sense and for a beauty turquoise request. Sure, so the picture will put it right on there. No, I'm looking for a picture. I'm looking for a picture. I'm looking for a picture. Oh, there it is. That was it. You got one. George is just, he just went to Magic Line and just like, there she is. He is pop right in the mirror. I feel like he just cut and tasted for my imagination to the computer. You have no problem at all. Nichol said to you, I'll lower it out with him. Tell me if you want him. Hello, babe. How about those Toronto Maple Lowfadi? Yeah, they're doing a pal. Uh, you look like a seven-game series in the first round. Holy crap. The flower is going to hand it to over what? Tires. Probably. Yeah. Too bad. That's right. No, no. 560, 560, 560, only 18T and Verizon or I was lying. He would know Jerry Roberts from Mary Roberts. For them things, just it's talking to four languages in that town. WQA and hello. Yes, sir? WQA. This is WQA and the Royal Famous Neo-Rogger show. Sir, did you call a Royal number? No, no, I call it the right number. I was going to see, I don't know if you heard. That sugar lay Robinson on there. Yeah. No, we don't. We got him on there right now. So, I want what we mean? If you want. Mushirger Ray Roberts and William A's will put him both on there. How's that? Talk about your head. Got him? Got him. Sugar Ray Roberts and William A's. 560, 560, 560, 560, only 18T and Verizon or Verizon. The most important athlete of the 20th century was... No athletes are important. We knew that would win because there were a lot of negative people on Fairlock George. I didn't vote for it. Jackie Roberts and 140, 5, Muhammad Ali and I, he six baby Ruth 70. Jesse Olin, let's put him on there. He's got 61, but I didn't. Michael Jordan 38, Danny Marino, 21. Tell A15. Lance Armstrong, 14. Tigers would, 12. Jim Thorpe 11. O'Jays got 10. Well, I've said it wasn't the water not to you in screw-in, must be real busy back there. Wayne Gressky, 7 Bobby or 6. Robert Doklamenta, 4 Joe Montana, 4. Jim Brown's only got 3. I just... it's just... you know, just 3 arms up in despair and say, what's he use? All right, they're up there. Until payday. Who's up there? My arms. Don't keep them there. WQM, hello. WQM, hello. Hello. WQM, hello. Hello, no. Yes sir? How you doing today? Pretty good? No, no, no, no. I'm also serious. I got a name for your list. Is... is... is off their ass, younger? He's on there. Arthur's ass is on there. All right, yes. And my suggestion is stay away from Arthur's ass. 560560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Why will I find this? There you go, Normally. There's one for you. WQM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir? The other day I was listening to her, you and George combined to say the word, hair and pie. Pretty close together. Yeah, but there was a... there was a gap. That was a gap. That was a little coarse. The language and the language too. It's a golf course. Yeah. 560560, 560, call off Moly and complain about it. Okay. So Moody's got his own baggage now. His own... damn baggage. Man, I cannot believe that the old man is slipping there in the morning. See how Lee town and right off right away he's starting to like... We graced. WQM, hello. Yes sir? Oh, you're a conel. I'm sensational. Listen, I have a... you know that little creepy make when you... You've got to say about word. Yeah, well put, someone. Unfortunately my car's got to stay noisy in the nation when there's something wrong with you and you... I've been driving because it's gotten crazy. Fuck. Fuck. Can you find something else to change it through there for me? No, you didn't get a new car, man. When your car starts making... You're gonna make a... What kind of song is he on the front of the old finger? Okay, just ditch it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 0, there's saw to man the Tribunal takes shape for the Traveller saw to him and he's gonna be interviewed tonight by solely that old Brian on CNN worldwide. So to think? oughta be. She's a real heavyweight. She is no. And she's pregnant? I don't know when I couldn't care less. Oh, no, there's saw on Salabi. Clearly, he saw the Tribunal. This guy happens to be... He's either the nephew or the brother or the kissing sister of Ahmed Salabi. And this guy's gonna be the heading up the Tribunal to try to sign a move saying. I don't want to say like the fixes in. Of course they should try and say I said that goes without saying. But I mean, there's not a lot of Chalabi's running around, you know? Chalupas and Chalabis. Charles says, why are you doing this poll? This is not... This is not... This is the same Jerry trying to do. You know, little squiggly Jerry trying something with a different name. A new font, a whole new disc. Same old-tired crap. Bye-bye. Little, couple, a little whiner. Even got to you this time. WQAM, hello. Hello. Mr. I want that to kneel. Speaking. kneel. I'm gonna leave on her nandis. I love you, my A. No. So I think they said it was 5.16. WQAM, hello. How are you doing, sir? Pretty good. Can I make a request, please? Sure, whatever you want. I like a listen to the, you know, so I can't see that. Unless you guys can't play that anymore. How come we can't play it? I don't know what to do. Yeah, I don't know. You know, the nowadays, just... But, you can never... You can never be sure. Go back, right carefully though. Exactly. Awesome question. Oh, you look at that guy. Oh, you look at that guy. That's him. I'm the one who's left. She was a friend. She was the friend. With the same name as me. She was a friend. With the same Johnny G. And our day was going near. So are you doing? I'm making no big... Oh, you are. You have to put the depth on land. And to the rebellion hands. So you can only be one. I think if you all die, right? So they stopped into multi-slaps. I have a drink with pots. At the start was not what can't do now. But with creatures you've ever seen. You know, he has the flowers, all the flowers they've seen. You know, music and laughter that old Jedi members have the song. So tattooed, I saw more name with songs. I'm so he was a pilot. With the breath that it died. And his mouth will walk back wide there with two five-guys. He runs a little deep. They met with luchin' only one. About the millennium, funk and docking, they nightly. Just don't you, for that jerk, don't. With the flash of Ben's light. And he's a little bit odd. All the flowers, all the flowers can't be enough. So with creatures you've ever seen. You know, he has the flowers, all the flowers can't be enough. Music and laughter that old Jedi members have the song. I'm sorry, I'm stressed for a little time. The more I'm reaching I'm scum and to the man. The story is his name was Yoda. He was a muffin. He's a muffin. He's a muffin. He's a muffin. He's a muffin. He's a muffin. He's a muffin. He's a muffin. He's a muffin. He's an egg, a corn ball. He's a gully footballer. He's not a lousy day, both of them. That was for me. Jabban had bad eyes. He's open-wit. He's nails a bromac. Back on time, too. Wean had the flowers. I know what can't be done. So with creatures you've ever seen. You know, as a star was, all the flowers can't be done. Music and laughter that old Jedi members have the song. I can go back to the vehicle. I can't stop. Okay, that kills him so I'm thanks very much for requesting that that was very pleasant. I'm sure some of the curie people, who are new, will say now he's turning on John Kerry. I'm going to vote for him 50 times. Maybe at least not right. I'm just, he's very disappointing so far. Because under the present circumstances, even with these stupidity American public, I'm going to bring Washington to get from the news media, even with all of these things. He ought to be about 15, 20 points ahead, the very least, ought to be. You would think, especially with the body count rising your retainer, rack, and all the growth test things going on on a hand, and all these hearings going on all the, all you do understand that, Bush and Cheney are going to be testifying before 9, 11, and come in in the White House and not under growth together. Together, they're going to be holding hands. He doesn't have a lot, like Prince Abdullah. That's right. But they're going to not be testifying the growth. Now, of course, even if they raised their hands and put their hands on a Bible, they would still lie to their teeth. But now they can say, oh, well, we had to, we had to like heads to the truth because of national security, some crap like that, not under growth. I just mentioned it in passing. And there I go, as soon as I'm getting off the Yamgin off the top again, getting real with the Favotec grant. Nothing I can do about it. Other than vote a few times. Twelve minutes after one at five, 60WQA, you've been here me talk about Dalama Christmas spectacular customer service that when you call one at her at Matthew's so speak with an expert-bedding consultant, who lands your questions, he's going to be the customer service he deserved, and that's all true. The Dalama Christmas commitment to service recently caught the attention of the better business bureau, Dalama Christmas has been part of the South Florida community for over 12 years. They may not have his in the Northeast, or they were in the coveted touch of church. Touch this, the church of excellence award for 2004 from the Boston Better Business Bureau, and this award is given anybody to come into the embodies, the Better Business Bureau's values of honesty and take away the ethics in the marketplace. Like fat boy. To receive this award is particularly impressive for Dalama Christmas, because they don't even have any stores. And 1-800 mattress wants you to know that one criteria in judging the award was truth in advertising. You can rest assured you can bet fat boy's life on it, if the things haven't turned about Dalama Christmas are absolutely positive, 100% correct. So pick up that poem right now and call 1-800 mattress and get the whole truth enough and butt the truth about brand name bidding. I've been using them for years, and I'm one of their many happy customers, and you know if you call 1-800 mattress you'll be happy too. That's Dalama Christmas 1-800-MATTRES, or log onto their website, MacRest.com. Dalama Christmas, the honest way to get you a great night's sleep for years to come. I'm a baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby baby, baby, baby, baby, baby baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby Yes, I hope he brought you up, and I hope he surprises me, I hope he can bench him just really invigorate him and all the other stuff. By the way, you see the Heinz company, you know, his wife Teresa Teresa. His wife Teresa Heinz is, of course, the heir to the fortune, and the Heinz company is donating to Bush. I did better that. Well, now you know it. We're supporting the Bushmeister. But let's hope Kyrrkin catch up. That was bad. And anyway, I don't want to turn on Kyrrkin. But it's just the fact that he's so far, he's been, no matter what the issue is, whether it's Iraq, whether it's, you name it. Week, does the Israel thing? He's a Pandor. His wife is worth the all-ar, but I mean, he just, over the top. Let's bring back Howard Dean, okay? Almost forgive him and how he come on back. What do you say? Dr. Think? Can't wait. We're going to South Carolina and also home to... ...Ahhh, North Dakota. We're going to California and Texas, anywhere. We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan. And then we're going to Washington and these theaters, they take the way down. Yeah! I see he was more animated than that one speech and he was trying to scream over the crowd as we know. But he was more animated than the one speech and Kyrrkin has been the whole time. He said real things. Right. Concreate that. He didn't just say the things that were politically correct all the time, which is the reason he ain't going to be the candidate. So, I have like stepped out of line, stepped on a lot of toes, said things that, and then the media kept saying, Well, gee, he really is going to be a lot of trouble for saying that. Why? Because it was the truth. Why, see? Just like when he captured Sodom and he said that we were no safer, I mean, that was he was right on man, is the britsay he was spot on, he had his thumb right on it. When he captured Sodom and tried to give us a big song to dance about, Oh, what, you know, we're fine. Right. Tell all the people who died since we captured Sodom. That's why they got to put on the kid. That's going to be the next headline on CNN, Teos in Iraq. And that's what it's going to be. I'm telling you, instead of Operation Iraqi Freedom or whatever was, and mission Iraq, next week it'll be a chaos in Iraq. Chaos out of a different world. Because this bows over God and there in his neocons, this is the God squad and the cons squad, which is the main difference between the Gus God and the Kwanakanskwar, all of those same people. Here's another nut case. Gun found in Congressman's carry on bag. A US Congressman was briefly detained in the Kentucky airport for two days after 30, saw the loaded gun in his bag. A screening checkboard, authority said. He said, but it's good enough. What's that was in any of the Oklahoma coach? Come on, how could I have a brain fart in that? To my help me out, Josh. What the sooner's coach? Yeah. Option. Who? Boxtooks? No, I'm not. Now I'm talking about the great all-time Oklahoma coach. I had the gun in his bag at the airport. Oh, my God. Does this child know anything? Wow. And the important things, not that. No, the important stuff is very, very slow to not. And I want you to embarrass you forgot that. Sorry. See, I haven't seen some of the dodging old fart, but you have no excuse. Sure he does. You've got a life. That's no excuse. I have no right. You know what it? Representative John Hustettler, we're public enough in Indiana. Completely forgotten, had to go to his bag, he preferred to take a US scareways like the Washington for the first day of work after two week recess. I guess he was never recessed in his head. A whole non-secured department official said, Hustettler had a loaded 9mm block pistol in his bag at Louisville in an Azure Airport. The Congressman said he didn't know the gun was in the bag and a followed guide. Well, that's okay as long as he follows the eyes, right? Just like Arnold's followed the eyes all those bras that he groved. The group and either. Oh, or he, if he gets selected, he's going to look into it. And again, the media puts that on the ear like it's a legitimate answer to a question, okay? Well, I'm not going to get bogged out with that now. I have to worry about the election, but if I'm elected after the election, I'll look into all of those things. And then the election came and he wins an landslide and did you look into it? Oh, forget about it as what he said. How do you like that? After all about he says, but got about it. Yeah. Ever see him in motorgivin? Yep. 560, 5056. He's the terminal. He's the terminal. He's the terminal. He's the terminal. He's the terminal. In fact, speaking of being terminated, that thing we heard about this morning that we were, we didn't sound a good. We got a zero tolerance policy mode. A zero tolerance. That means you get a few slip ups saying, no scrufs. I'd like to know what the Robert and Zach are doing in there together, why all the stuff is going on now. I'd like to know what that always do. He says eating free food. WDQA and hello. Pretty great. All right, on Saturday. I was on Saturday, I was on dinner, medical equipment. I was on my way to work and I was on a bad mood. And the scroll started to show off with that bit that you have. Yeah. And that made my day. It was so fun and he actually gets it. You know if he doesn't get mad. He actually bounced. You know, so everybody ready. Marina, remember. Manate Ramirez. How about you? you but and leave the trouble leave the ball okay there you go I guarantee that they go or anything is entertaining is that yeah you know he's funny he's he's just you know he's a good time for this is our spring hour on the road to listen to him often you know right he's a panic as long as you don't take him seriously right he's serious right but you really can't take him seriously you know exactly and also we are much safer here in the United States now that that they're gone you know but when the smoke settles we're gonna see what gonna happen then now that we're not a who's gone start to knock we're much safer we're much safer here that's where it's a street that we're must say for a new United States that's the word on the streets yes we're on the street that's what they're saying who's they doesn't have some people that I think to that it's a so-called for a couple of years and are pushback is you know I say well that's up for me we're much you know we're much better than we've been doing for a stay-coo okay thanks a lot Calaconda he's just to work up you understand what you're talking about what he was being sarcastic he was just a but I thought he was speaking cereal I don't know too much of that crowman make your brain rock I can still say when we have an emergency feeling like that drag out the crow marlins are hot that's the thing in town everybody's talking about right now but I mean the big oh no just in fact that's an even anti-region once told me just say no to the big as he said remember that something like that in fact he said once upon a time he tried to borrow that little red dress five six seven oh five sixty I just as this morning when he did do us was just it was criminal where people on death or for less of crimes when he did what I don't know he was on I know nothing about it you know this moth myster she's really slept in like the animal her story is she comes in there but it would put a talk about everything but what's going on for real you know what's called up for real I mean we got our own program director but she don't even tell us what they're all is a who's on and who's on first and what's going on with Joe Rose and when I was your mom and all the stuff today what's going on over there moth Jesus I mean I would think that even when he's making like about fifty cents an hour right now after we had that budget cut back I think that at least he'd be on top of these things want to keep me posted of all people because you know how cranky I get when I find out these bands surprises you know what I mean what difference is it make it doesn't just kill some time oh yeah good you have to give you a hello yes sir yes how about the math on tremendous no somebody tried that before we said right now the most important after the 20th century maybe in the from the most important after the 20th century from solo Ohio I would have to say absolutely right remember solo on picture by Joe Marjoune your trotter come to QAM hello you don't know what you're saying yeah we took your ugly more okay thank you there's the more on guy yeah more on thank you and thanks for listening to the annual I'm just sure every day by the way five six seven all five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th he very creative by the way very exciting just like his voice I have no right why is it said one at five sixty w q a I'm a human putting off that home improvement dream because you were afraid of a nightmare like some of our colors well then sweet dreams are waiting for you because design concept builders is the answer that you be looking for design concept builders is the one the top home of my version south flora since 1983 for the following reasons they're 100% customer satisfaction with their no excuses policy I'm getting choked up just thinking about it they refuse to have an unhappy customer they are for quality work at a fair price and design concept builders exclusive five year labor warranty so I take the risk of an I'm your new addition what it's a kitchen bathroom windows any other project call the folks you can count on design concept builders at nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six find out more bottom on the web at the website design concept builders dot com financing available with no payments for six months with a fruit credit you know so get you a 10% discount on all your modeling through the end of this month of April only with our friends and design concept builders like I said the website design concept builders dot com or make that call two day and give us two pennies job at a fair price every time call nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six five sixty two you a agenda definition, and it's translated as the sub-prado. Hey, Kona, you go. What a hell are you? I mean, cousin Pony. You know, I couldn't do it because it's morning, it's almost like Sarah Pierce. No, that's funny, Bobby, I'm 40 Vinnie. Tony, Vinnie, I don't have a cousin, Tony, Vinnie. Yeah! Well, you're Vinnie! I've been in the gym. In the gym. I didn't know you wouldn't jail. No, no, no, I'm just in the bathroom. Oh, my God, I love you. I love you. I love you. What a hell are you? It's ton of Pony. What are you mean, you're Pony? I just met another cousin Pony. No, I'm your mother, cousin Pony, I'll find some. Pony, I'll find some. So, what are you meant? I'm gonna flirt, I'm gonna flirt, I'm gonna flirt. I don't have any cousin, you wanna bowl a fart right out. I'm not really a cousin, I'm your nephew. Then what's out, you say you're my cousin? Because I don't know. I give you a hug. Oh, I love you now. Hey, you're coming in tonight. Like cousin, and son, that's what I love you first, babe. That's what everybody calls me, Kona. What do you mean, Sony? I just met two cousin Pony. Sony, what's in the eye? What are you playing, Tony? What are you playing, Tony? What are you playing? You know, I don't even know, but girl, who's saying you're a key? You're my cousin? Yeah! You're your my cousin? I'm here! I'm here, I'm here! We're designing, certainly. Let's get it. It's a f***ing son from that tree. What do you want for you? And I'm your cousin, my cousin. I'm your cousin, Tony. You're my cousin, Tony. I'm your cousin, Tony. Get the f***ing son from that tree. Be disloyal, Tony. Be disloyal. Listen to me, Uncle Joe, we got a problem here. I got five cousins named Tony. Everybody says it might cousin Tony. Let's keep problem, Tony. What an hell are you, now? I'm trying to have a conversation with my uncle Joe. I'm the Kenji. The Kenji. The Kenji. The Kenji Roberto. He a funny, Tony. Where the hell did you come from? Don't you remember me? Don't I remember you? I got all these cousins coming over to me, saying, I'm your cousin. I was a guard-less brother. You're Tony. Sometimes you don't know who your family is. That's why everybody's named Tony. This is a friend of Sunday night's in the night. He's here on HBO. And who the hell are you now? Hi, honey. That's Tony. What's there to do? I never thought we'd be able to play anymore, so promos, but you know it? Yeah, mud is all not. No, I didn't say it was good, but it was long. It was long. It was long. You know what I was doing? You know what I was doing? You know what I was doing? You know what I was doing? You know what I was doing? You know what I was doing? Right. Tondrous. Anyway, 27-2-5 60-WQM, TV never school on passion, and they'd better cool off that passion, they're going to get what for for Michael Powell. Despite being the year's biggest boss-orifice blockbuster so far, the passion of the Christ seems unlikely to find a home on the four biggest broadcast networks. No, Gibson's eye-to-eye productions has been shopping the movie to TV. Only ABC is confirmed turning it down, but as I can speak on condition of anonymity as they as they always do, said it was downfall, for CBS NBC and Fox 2. The movie's graphics scenes of Jesus Christ's crucifixion were said to make broadcast through a skittish, especially in the wake of the Janet Jackson business when government officials are closely watching what goes on TV on the tube, but closely watching your tube. There might be a lot of baggage because of the violence said Brad Edgate, endlessly Edgate by former Horizon Media, what a great name that is Edgate. That like Watergate, is that what we have on this radio station, Edgate? Edgate? That can put some fresh run advertising not to buy this, he said. Fox is the way you invite a way to send this broadcast to the department before making an assistant, whether it pursue an airing at the University of Tennessee. The Hollywood News offering, a licensing deal, never somebody have of Icon Jeff Bird, would not Jeff Bird, oh my god, would not come on any negotiations. Jeff Bird, a what if his name was Birdstein or whatever was. You believe that? I believe it. He's just a businessman trying to make a living. But it says it could be a cable could be where it's going to mind a phone. But they better hurry up. Before cold and towel in his buddies, Edgate Michael Powell, you're a hold of the cable thing too. Because he said it again, if Edgate was yesterday morning, I forgot to mention that. That's what they really would like. Cable satellite, books, newspapers, magazines, private conversations, right. Telephone conversations, all of these things. All of these things. Besides the film's violent content, a TV network that airs the passion would also inherit controversy about it, some Jewish organizations have directed the movie for Fearwood Cause. Bad blood. Here's the greatest line in the history of the human race. For Fearwood Cause, bad blood between Christians and Jews. That's, that isn't a warman. Oh, God. We sure wouldn't want that. Bad blood between Christians and Jews. Is that can't ever happen? Got along for so long. Never be let's say the bad blood between Jews and the Palestinians. The Hindus and the Muslims. Bad blood. By the own blood. Remember that? Was that by Neil Sedakah? Neil Sedakah. Sorry. He wrote it. 560, 1050, 5060, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless 5. Guess we're done with a list as far as any more names on him. What? I mean, I guess we are. Well, I mean, we're open for any more, but I think we've got the important people on their dough. That's all. Although then, well, I'm trying to think of some of Mayor of Laftad. Drake for our housekeeper. How about Jesse Owen? Now there's something to think about. Put him on there. And what about Alexey Panaquerowski? We might think about putting him on there too. But I had a quarter COVID. WQAM Hello. QAM. Oh, I like the sound of that though. Not a good sound. Hmm, it's a beauty. WQAM Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I read in sports show, sir, that your boy Tommy Brady was over the Vatican getting plastered by the Pope. Oh, my God. I wonder why the Pope kiss him? Oh, I bet his mighter got a little tighter when that started happening. But anyway, moving along. Yeah. I heard a rumor that the elf friend can show they were going to try to punch it up by getting someone in there, you know, that he could verbally start with like, canity and comb kind of. Oh, boy. Well, I'm going to nominee Ben Stein because then the show would be Frankenstein. Oh, hey. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm not bad. Not bad. Good luck, your pal. You'll need it. I like that. Al Franken. Oh, God. What a bad mistake. I did not want you a long time ago. Yeah, you did. Did I say that's never going to fly. You wore this. But they wouldn't listen to me. And of course, normal. She's too busy normally. You weren't about to sag away to worry about, you know, taking care of his clients. Getting my like 600 video stations. If you saw a fool's wouldn't have had a fever in his heart. I could have been a contender man. Could have been bigger than Murray Tyler Moore. Bigger than certainly. Forget about normally. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Baseball cards and factory. That's it. That's the man's life. I have no life. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. I have a. A four figure for the 20th century. All right. I thought I didn't mention that you're obviously. Jackie Robinson that's a good one. I think of all the pulls we've ever done. It's a good sign. It's a good sign. It's a good sign. It's a good thing. It's like it is. Because what it says is there's a very limited number of these people in the whole hundred years who really have an estimate of even think about putting on this list. I mean we did the entertainers yesterday. What do we do the day before that? The world leaders. whatever we did. And I thought, well, why not do the Appalachian, which was one way of keeping them off the other two lists, but I think well, I gotta be something. And after we don't have any votes, we got, look at how many votes we got. 840, we're doing about like about 900 votes during the show. That's not too bad, right? We'll take it. Well, especially considering where we are, see, I want to say this to you, and I really mean this. One of the things that our website has taught me is that a lot of the impressions that I had in the past were, they were correct, but they were understated, right? Remember, I used to bitch every year about the worst week of the year for doing the show was the Easter and, uh, pace off the Passover business. Right. And I was right, but little that I realized that the demarcation line, it comes in phases. But phase one is positively that week. That's when everybody starts feeling on this town. And then you get the week after that. So everybody who, uh, hung around for a week for whatever reason, then they start feeling on it. And of course, it raises the question, my mind, what happens when we get to like what when a kids are all out of school like Julian Joolie, when George is going to be on their turning over an empty microphone, July and August most of the days, what happens then, yeah. Why? I don't want to get you any pressure. I don't know what I'm saying. It's, huh? Whatever. I'm used to it. But it's just that you see nobody there. No, we'll have a job share to talk to it. When it's super hot and super humid and super bowl, it's long past, even Janet Jackson's boobies, it's similar to the ancient past. Oh, pretty, back up. Top it back up one more time. Oh, don't let Michael see it. We'll talk about the other one. Michael Jackson that is, first you've got to move on that with he hates boobies. 20 till 25 60, 72 and the man who loves the big ones, Jim Man, he should be along it too. The Humper Hank Goldberg at four. He's seen one or two in his town. The Marlin pre-game at six 30 Marlins at the Feliz 705, 80 K to follow that. And then overnight. And then of course it'll be interesting in the morning if what that color said is true, either I don't know. You don't mean a very dubious about anything the color say about most of the, one of those this morning. Wow, to be man, oh man, because it's zero. I hear it's zero tolerance. I hear that they are dead serious on this and that if anybody should, any of the people on here, especially go over the line and really just let something just wouldn't doubt word it out. I'm listening. History. In his case, ancient history. You heard about the big demand of the high pay potential for computer professionals. Have you ever wanted to square might be okay for you? The right thing. Well, here's your chance to find out. Fash rate is hosting a free one hour seminar on computers and ever getting tonight. Tonight at both the mining and four-border hill campuses, that's right. You can learn basic PC troubleshooting and ever having absolutely free. Seating for this free computer seminar is what I'm going to call and reserve your seat at one. It's six past 20 do it right now. All attendees to the free seminar receive a diagnostic tool at no charge. So call fast rain right now at eight six fast rain to reserve your spot, your seat, your chair. And if you decide that you have that a new high pay career in your future, fast rain, we can't have your train ready for that new career and just foreshort months by the end of the long high humid summer. So check them out in the web at fast rain.com and then make that call and be sure to check them out tonight for a reserve and your seat. Make that call at one. Eight six, six fast train and much in time dressing in here, not to be a hoot. Push, eight, skated, push, eight skates, see how a pass, okay, amendment then. But off to sentences so they go to become a merry home. Well, we discuss it unless you're a hipster. Well, because push makes skaters. I think Don't be angry nobody Because in those days you are not gonna do it.ç–‘y Alcohol tries to protect the bad ways and not to fight. And get to the old boat at home Who are you? If you want this Don't go for the lips from the street Don't go for the old boat And this wrong gift is here Don't go for the music Don't go for the music Please present in some You don't care what it is But you're got on the air by her firm girl You're a Christian All in all, you're a Christian You and I, and the help of the people We've got a great leader With President's help You're a Christian You're a Christian All in all, you're a Christian What do I think we're in a car? Why do I think we're in a car? We've got all the boxes of rocks in the world Because I think I won't say he's there with an A box of rocks which made the boys choose a expression A box of rocks out there Because you think we live in a apology? Sure So I think that car bomb in this, in the re-ad this morning And Saudi Arabia, yeah At least ten people were killed in dozens wounded They would a car bomb destroyed a Saudi security service Building in the capital The sides were turned off Belieged near the explosion For meeting rooms still on fire Cars were smashed by the debris Cars have dust and black smoke rose from the building And several over the hood is what it says here Fun, more right, more But, oh, where's fire? All this hood What else? One good thing about the last year of 2003 Is there a way to scout over there at the Lanyard City's sub? Don't see him no more That's good You like your lot of Iraq? Scott? Another story That was a raspberry Don't get panic All right I don't want to get dumped here on my own show In fact, how many times I have to do it this last week or two? About 30 minutes I would say more in the last two weeks than in the entire lifetime All combined Well, that's the kind of environment that we're living under for that guy that called earlier If he's still listening to one of the last few years that we can't say We can't say Now, we can't do anything A lot of people still don't think it's serious Really? Really Well, what are all these stories that we're talking about? Why are you staring off the ear in Miami? Why did the guy say the Lanyard can? Why did Robert Losspot get candid to Tampa? Because it's a joke Because I'm just waiting enough They don't take the extent of it all serious No, I see I see I see Well, guess what? Said the blind man To his deathlight Right, Elfam The most important athlete of the 20th century was And it's a good thing this one's coming to my conclusion No athletes are important to 142 28% of you party poopers Even George made a vote Would you vote for? Okay I don't know Well, let's put him on there I voted for Jordan Agio Because of the children's hospital And he's doing poorly See That goes to show you Well, what is him mean? He still might have been a real, in fact he was He was a real dupe Bad man And a scrum bag But he started the children's hospital No athletes are important to 42 Jackie Robinson won 63 Mohamed Ali won 07-8k-8 Cashers Clay Favorite 70-6-101-73 We must have put him on there Michael Jordan 44 Dan Marino 27 I have no idea why Of the minutes of Miami Palate 19-OJ Simpson 16 Lance Armstrong 14 Tiger Woods 14 Jim Thorpe a dozen Needle knows when gritsky 8 Body or 70s Red on Wayne's ass Roberto Clemente 5 Chotomy who's got 4 Chotomy 10-4 And then it was Dan Marino's got more votes Ben Gilmour and 10-A Now how many super votes did you have my 10-A win Josh? 5-0 4 I think How many did Dan Marino win? The big go David, did you hear what he just said? I heard it. But big oh no I sure hope that the programming didn't hear that Another suggesting case Joe Rose is out again tomorrow But this has been it sentence whatever's going on with him I don't know Joe Montana 4 David Beckham 3 Jimmy Brown still only got 3 Oh my god Wow that's because all the old parts are gone They went back up north Ty Cobb 2 George Armstrong's got a pair The chief Will he assume maker 2 Take Aaron 2 10 Williams 2 Arnold Palmer 2, Sandy cofax 2 Rimes with 2 Kurt's log, Casey Stangle, Mark Spitz, Pete Sampers Mario Lemue Rimes with 2 has won Johnny Hughes got 1 Rimes with 2 Can do, Arthur Zass has got 1 Sugar Ray Robinson won And one of no votes for Billy Jenkins, Pete Rose, New Rock me, Joe name it Mickey Mandel, Bernie Banks, Will Trayville and Gordie Howl Which fell wrong and Who's on and Willie Maze? Willie Maze has none of the 860s and so that's scandalous We may make it to the Guinness Book of Records, you know the guy died, you know? Willie Maze has got the big holy moe You people should not know nothing about sports But impact players even George knows Willie Maze And I write you know Willie Maze, I know that already Yeah, that's the ball, I think he probably rather know Willie Maze than Laurie Maze Probably Wow, what a, what a, Kurt bag How can I say that? I would say that For now yeah, to bag, to bag, to scrum, bag with our course Hey wait, how about, see you bag Oh, I like that a lot, that's the truth George, whatever your name is, that's real good What a go girl, Jim, bag Who I love that, nice, that was a beautiful thing I almost compensated for the fact that you know who, what, very switzerwise Go, go I'm back, he knows very switzer, he just didn't want to, I was worried about it I'll repeat him on a show, show us up, show it off 152 at 560W, if you have the lights of us focus of place where you fat people are going to love Because they provide you with the best products for the weight loss phase you low carb diet Now if you're on the ant can sugar must be sought for each of any other low carb sugar free diet The number what low carb store in America is the lights And of course they want to tell you that many of the new reduced products on the store shelves Are geared toward cutting back on carbohydrates, not on you losing weight Well, forget about that He likes the West Boat is expertise has always been on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting For us desperate fat, fat folks He likes carries over a thousand products with a focus toward the lowest carbs possible They can fit into a successful low carb weight loss plan Their spring sales in full swing right now is worth stuff on by Their staff knows dieting inside and out the open every day seven days week 10 to 10 The lights of us go for your final on the northeast quarter of the days in 441 Right next to Boston market or column toll free at 1 877 L-O-W-C-A-R-B low carb runaway to slow carb dot com Don't forget you like the West Boat for really be your official atkins retail set And low This is the real basis You Sorry I told you don't bother me while I'm in here I thought hello It's Mickey Mouse Oh, Mr. Mouse good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing sir You're freaking killing me No man I got David Kelly called me every three minutes Why did we move the planet? Sir you told me to move the planet I didn't tell you what you must have been going to stop me No sir you said move the practice to Monday Hey hey listen up like I'm the boss I'm at the decisions you take the heat right you all go to practice Okay, oh, we don't want that anyway I'm all on Remember It will shut the hell up I'm on the phone, we must party this Yes, sir, what was your question? I'm telling you I'm going crazy over here Between David Kelly and how Michael Chillett's been calling me every three minutes I'm gonna go out of my freaking mind Hold on Get it Get it I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry It's like this in my hand remix That's your beat is yours My other hand remix Oh, that's a full ball right I can't hear anything remix Stop flying the floor I'm sorry I'm so sorry The moves are working out very well The practice is for the next time What? And what? What? So we even beat into WB Barely Oh my god Michael Chillett's thing was a rating success Oh god Hold on a second Rebound This is the book What's the hell you're doing with a harmonica Really little gold boy Don't say it, Reem! I'll jam that thing down to your throat And get that blue bird away from me Oh, come on, Reem I'm allergic Eyes arms Sir, over 25 million people show Don't I find her Listen Yeah You see me what I'm doing here? Sir, you're on the phone I know I'm on the phone Do you see what I'm doing? You're a imagination required, I'll love I will leave my hands up and down, fly to fly I'm the puppet master I swear You do it Now Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out All the Michael Chillett's an interview But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff To make a more interesting stuff I'm just a puppet master Me! Please Oh Reem! Yes, ever! What's the million doing now? Listen to flow, boy There's nothing wrong with a floor Reem It's one system I hear That you'll beat his mouth My Honor Reem That's a phone That's a phone Reem Let's get out Go over where Get out Eyes on Yes, sir Kill me Kill and me I'm sorry, sir Kill and me Sorry Kill and me, softly Okay, almost time to go What a great piece of luck that he did He's on timing And we got that thing in there Which you got one in here before And I said, no chance But being a little softy like I am Plus it's Reem in this in 12 seconds Long kills from good time Anyway, maybe one of the least The popular pulls we ever took Sorry about that The most important athlete of the 20th century was No athletes are important, 254 Jackie Robinson won 66 More hand than I'll leave 111 After that, it's kind of like small takers Well, the most important athletes in the history of Solo No High were standing by The mad dog coming up now Bye bye Bye bye I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm sorry All he saw was candle drip