Gary and wherever you are I hate to break the news to you the internet stream is down Because Howard Stern is on actually know they're talking about this stream Normally we fill with some gobbledy, but even that is down that's down So there was run out on the internet right now is what you're telling me right so top-loud Why is that? Because we're here because it's because this is WQAM Even my clicker for the damn parking lot is a piece of crap By the way nice job my gal, okay, don't mess with my Oh brother you got a new battery Why yeah, what am I complaining about better? Right just because he screwed up my grinds derr opener. That's another story He fixed it. Yeah, he fixed it. Yeah, there was nothing wrong with it. Be fixed it Maybe he ought to be fixed we got some exciting news We got that pound five 60 is now horizon wireless and singular wireless you see that Mm-hmm another setting if it sounds like we need that's because how he's brought a breakfast again And run to whatever this is nice my nice bacon No car bacon crazy is can be this is the best bacon in the world from how I used I make it still good no bones about it And what do you got a big sandwich in it? It's Cuban Oh brother talk about exaggeration Anyway, here's the pulleys on I are you people after that are panicking in all vanader shape in psychotic if you just be calm like me And not get all whipped up into a freaking frenzy every time somebody farce man and by the way speak of that fat boys got Josh Friedman syndrome Jeff high was in here this morning. I don't know if he's like We're in a bag or what? Or maybe he's like you said he's just seeping a little bit You know like maybe a quarter or two by the way We're seeping that you know the internet oil change. We are back on the internet See so there you go just relax Gary what is wrong with you? You people all you want to do is complain They ought to be on their hands and he's right now kissing the radio that they're hurting the sounds of our voices right Or the computer and that's during tape is over the I mean whatever To maybe kiss the radio for that God, I don't know what they'll we're gonna do about that The good enjoy it even more good news even better news tomorrow being Thursday We got Marla's game in New York density pathetic meds course. We got the end tonight But tomorrow we got a big game 110 p.m. Pre game show of 1235 All right, which really nice to me and even better than that Let's cut a butt around the building is Gary Sarner Sprint rumors in what a schmuck is Gary Sarner Sprint rumor that Because of the impending we may start feeling the big blow on Friday night Yeah, the big blow from Francis and as a result of that we may have a Marlon's double hitter against the comes on Friday How do you like that? What happened? I'm thinking about 11 30 a good certain time Yeah, just to make sure we get both games in because they're very important games Tomorrow is one again last night the comes lost and tomorrow is early three behind a wild card They really got it and gear now. They're gonna do it this year again. We got to talk blow with the crow Talks and blow with a crow or just blow with a crow sounds good I'm sure that would be the first time But nevertheless What's that? I don't know let it go see or oh We need to find out about the hurricane. We need to talk to nascaldomas Because these bastards on a weather channel and you people at the weather channels suck the only good one on there is They've a shaper whatever his name is. Who's if you think I'm sick? He'll double do different guy But they're horrible they sure it says his name on a weather channel to when I was talking about okay He's good Although he seems like he had like some kind of a physical ailment like he can barely breathe or speak But this Marshall sees man. I said we issue a season these sister to against them for their Glittering generally that vaulted a geek they got on their in a weather channel. He he's worth in Brian or cross You think Brian's of sis with that brown eye this guy is Wow back in 26 an area. You know he's got this obsession with Miami's gonna get blown off the map He probably hates Miami Which we can understand that so does everybody else by the way Teresa LaPore Hey, you like it to we say you lose you lose the people hate you like poison popby and it brown We hate you Miriam all man and mayor penis of Fakania And did I tell you any castor sure nightin it's party worthy. I I thought Peter Deutsche to better need to. I knew she's gonna win But he really got trounced you know probably too Jewish and This time of the year they're just too many glam and time so buddy castor and she better beat that mill martinas Should we over a guy named Martinez remember governor Bob Martinez? Who looks like Dracula on a bad day? No, he didn't give his spots by the way. Who's that Bob Martins? I think he's dead for more governor Martinas know bro life and I'm pro right right Well, you know what he ought to be doing. I'm not as a door and don't let him in the ass in a way up But he castor baby. She's the she's it and there she was with governor Bob We need to hang out of that senate seat baby. We can't afford to lose that Rough schmits Creek without a panel So Teresa LaPore gets her ass beat as supervisor elections even though she counted herself four million absolutely Well, it's but that didn't help and Miriam elephant comes in over a week third with about 16% and they've slater got one point eight percent for metro mayor Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha hey Dave you're a good guy, but give it up already. We're you don't be another Ellis Rubin Another professional candidate. I'll never be another Ellis through this that is for sure And you know what thank God for that. Oh, good right, but and then of course the thing in Those two oh a mayor of penis right 10% I mean you didn't even come close Alice Alice penis bicania. Really alienated everybody He alienated everybody He alienated that guy no That's a really good sign. I think some of your people are starting to finally wise up after they've been screwed so many times He's a different way. They were gonna vote for him anyway Yeah, that's right. He came out too much against booch. So he really screwed himself all the way around and himself into a quarter The end of a rumor started about him in one man. Yeah, I think that was the end of it Those rumors you Hey, the ones that I started about his cockatoo under shoulder Here's the appell result from yesterday Which of these is there was the most interesting you want to just make kind of sense 1753 votes and Hurricane Francis so what seemed to me logically right? Yeah, these people are got their eye on the ball. They're eye on a brown eye They're over there at public skittin era of water sure You know, I love my opinion. It's them peaches. What is that Francis? Is it really well? She loves yes, she does Hurricane Francis 769 What is hand coming back to it or 90 I wish I had an answer for that. I'm thinking tomorrow Especially after mosey and if performance would done No, yesterday that that was so and I can't blame him who I don't want to blame shot because he's a good kid But whoever was in there supposedly giving him the heads up on whatever was going on He was he just sat down there. I was on a way to the store I got the radio on and I thought while listening to my close personal abald headed mo buddy right and wow What a mess and the sad part of it is he didn't know Don he didn't know who the hell I was even no yeah, he's only been here two years But you know what you live up there in Bokie. You're gonna you're isolated. I'm the one that's supposed to be out of touch I know Don don't believe you me. Okay. So they have the role television back down Is a friend of mine and believe me. Oh, you don't know Don okay? Anyway, what is hand coming back to 90? I'm thinking tomorrow weather preventing What okay, I know he's not gonna come back here. He's not a total. That's good excuse He's not a total idiot. He's if there's we're gonna have the big storm. He's not coming back in the town of Marm And either what I although I'm not bailin out early everybody's round here. Oh, you're gonna get out of here really I'm gonna be here and tough it out man. I was here during Andrew put a poop topper. What a pooper you're right? And I'm not good at bailout I don't think we're getting it even I'd see I probably should even say that that's based only on my personal I'm just another amateur meteorologist although it seems to me if you keep your eye on the brown eye Yeah, and you keep watching these things in don't and Miss Kamala I heard mad dog Yes, they say Miss Kamala's the most hysterical. I don't know what kind of pills mad dogs doing because Miss Kamala's been fairly until last night And now he's starting to lose it. He's talking about what a gigantic storm This is now somebody's wrong because either it's a gigantic hurricane or it's a small but very dangerous one But it can't be both can it be big and small at the same time? Unless maybe it's like a luxury. Yeah, maybe it swells and that kind of like Sub-size some things do yeah, what does hand come back to 90 how bad will it often do this year 164 WQAM hello The Democratic convention 131 the Howard Stern show one 18 the Olympics one 18 now that How do you rationalize that all of a sudden now that's over for a three days now they care about to Olympics or it was the people that were it It could be there were a lot of them at today's election meeting yesterday only 75 how many people turn out yesterday for the vote But just enough to beat Teresa LeFore and Mary Mellifent. That's how we care about oh God well how sweet Republican convention 62 in the MTV awards dead last only 28 Yeah, I heard Joe rose this morning on 790 son of pretty good nice going there Joe Joe Zach Joe and Zach our buddies son of pretty good. It's actually inspiring me to take two polls today I only had one I was gonna do what do that later on when you get around what here's poll number one Well, and we got on the beat to create the Maryland Monroe okay So I have to do any homework on that if I have to explain the Maryland Monroe then I mean get lost I'll do trying to do is tell us I have no line right get with it So there she is with her a booby saying an answer it's not certainly the most attractive Maryland or pretty But it's her a sea, but it's her and it's her booby so that I know he hopes out there It's all it's real they are well, they were real. They're not too good. They're still real. They're not too good right now. They're shriveled But real before tuning in a meal today I listened to because I'm kind of curious. I think Joe rose going to do pretty good over there in 790 I think to rest it online up sucks. I'm not a big Craig Minner Vini fan all of the sportsers Oh, you know I heard mad dog going on just looking and looking his butt oxy other day Craig Minner Vini is just another sports tour. You know I'm most of these people don't mean too much I mean I know you're a big fan of his yeah, who and then they got the guy What's the guy's name from ESPN Dan? Dan the man I don't know what his name is Dan Patrick. Okay, no relation to van Patrick And and of course they got Dan LeBastard from the Harold in the afternoon was just an absolute bozo Who's gonna tell you again that it was the Cubans that won a world series again the last year even though we didn't have Lea wrong this time But just just an imbacil and in fact we're so delighted to get him off a QAman out of this building So it doesn't keep screwing up the equipment We're static tab Dan LeBastard out of here. So they got a pretty lane line of receptor Joe Rose, but I think Joe's done do pretty good job Because Joe was doing great here and then of course he got screwed over and led down a garden path and stronger along by Greg who lies and lies and lie You know I think it's good that he's got his deal of it and I why we see on so early I asked somebody that and they said well because they're opening day to day It's 790 that took it and so when every salty went on early I think his regular hours are 8 to 11. I wouldn't know and or nearly we say well He's competing with you Neil now. Well we're not ordinarily on before much before 11 So this week only because Scurin is on vacation and so these tapes They can't have Robin who would all those important news stories because it might be a little bit dated like us doing early on in a pop again Right we could do that we could do anything No, I don't know I have to be a two-plan man. I'm a couple of times Okay, here's the first full question before tuning in to Neil to that. Listen to Howard Stern Joe Rose W. Iod MPO I couldn't believe I listen to the W. I do this morning because of the hurricane tank and they had that Miss John McLaughlin is still on over there I can't believe she's still on there the news lady He used to be vinesy. We're in a big silly hats. Oh my god. Who she got naked pictures of? NPR that's Georgia's choice he listens a lot to NPR one and Paul. Oh man talk about stale footy Power 96 I didn't mention all the stations on here because Lex and Terry is met their name Lincoln stink Yeah, here America which I heard about two minutes of that morning abortion this morning. That's bad Oh, I bet's part of it if you heard the morning. Oh Steve Kane Mr. Ego other radio which that's as many as we're putting on there. Okay, or no radio What do we lead what do we got so far? No radio six? They did they already discovered the new pools of we just got a smattering 15 vote No radio six, air America three Howard Stern two. What you put in on there like Ron and Paul Paul's gonna be very upset that you put Ron first It's isn't a young Ron at old Paul is that what it is the young come first man You all have to work on it So that's the deal there. That's the first full. It will get to the other one a little bit later on We want to get a million calls here today. What's your take how much plywood are you buying? Are you batting down the hatches? I don't think it and we'll have another advisory And about 10 minutes before 11 and we'll be right on top of the weather channel there We've even as bad as they are. I just don't like to job their doing. I think they're pretty weak And of course the one thing we do understand is that this is so imprecise Yeah, the good news for us is that the new cone that they're showing which I think it's Jamaica jemoko shake The new cone they're showing on there. We're on the ass end. This is the farthest to the edge around the Your bottom edge of the cone that we've been so far Look yeah, it seems to me the key to the whole thing is if it will slow down a little But just take your time Francis slow down a little bit and kind of mozi and me and or a little bit more What they're not talking about or telling us today for some bizarre reason Since they're making us all in the amateur meteorologist. They've been hooking with this crap about all while the the High pressure system that's over here. You know, they've been showing on the course missed or cross She's got the little brown eye in the middle of all these different spastic systems here You know and we're supposed to become experts on it and now they're not talking about that So we don't know if that one high if Jeff high is like loaded it hanging there Huh or it's like maybe we have it all over it. Hi, pal. Yeah, you could change the course of it Oh, boy does he smell bad So anyway, what there's something I'm telling you and I said in here after he'll Waddle out here the first time then you came in with Tommy and both of you said man and then of course you probably thought I did it I didn't do that I had to wait I bet you did No, I never did anything as well like though you're not stinky. He'll give you that holy cow for all guys anyway Her cane warning is an effect for the South Eastern Bahamas Tropical storm warning remains in effect for the north coast of the lava Public a Dominican corner from Panta Gorda westward to Montenegro Bay. I'm under fake call at Panta Gordo Tau punta Gorda putta punta tintay At a clock this morning the brown eye of the hurricane was located by reconnaissance aircraft near latitude 21.4 north now remember was 19.6 Yeah, what? That's 21.4 north. It's moving north north west at about 16 miles an hour With top winds of 140 still can't for as they say can't for Oh, yes, I don't know Like away This general motion is expected to continue with a gradual decrease in forward speed during the next 24 hours That's what we know more we're gonna expect maybe the big blow to start is there early is Friday night started to get some effects of it some like side effects But again my personal opinion now everybody else that can give us their expertise Let's see no radio 10 era America 10 all those liberal people off there always folks that think we're gonna change the world on a radio We're not I don't want to burst your bubble. We got Teresa La Forbey I'll take credit for that all my friends out there in Palm Beach. They wrote in Papuaí can instead of her they did all those crazy old Jews 26 past 10 at five 60 W Q and we got Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog today. I'll write you don't want overdoing In fact he's probably since he's got that construction company his he's probably like putting up the shutters And do it all that stuff at his house today when you think I would think be in a handy guy They'll be somebody else do it. Then we got mole Howard David in which maybe the last appearance from all on a hand goldburg show anyway To the for the staff no we don't know time will tell Marlins deck at six thirty five Marlins at the pathetic match again seven ten tonight How about those Yankees last night? Why two enough in the worst loss in franchise history? I love it and then if you can't get to the baseball game tonight Fact horses. What do you think about hockey game my snipe? Get out of here Make believe make believe crap, you know just so they can get some money in their pockets the players and the only owner is all the so the crap So they can turn around and stab all the fans in the back. It's really sad don't just send your money in those Panthers by the way I'm gonna be no season Hey when you're moving or renovating that's the best time to dial 1-800 mattress make that first night in your dream house Heavenly with a brand new top-quality name brand mattress. I'm our good close friends with dial a mattress nice job By the way Miguel screw up my Gris deropener Don't forget you still picked it eight and time for delivery to fit your moving schedule a dial a mattress is on time 99.7% of the time nobody's got a better selection of queen and king size mattress It's ready for immediate delivery then dial a mattress and ready call that number You'll get you a unbeatable deal great mattress this comprise what's not to like dial a mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction There were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local tour to excellence award when you call 1-800 Macris you'll choose from the complete line of silly sort of King coil Simmons Kevurpidic and Stearns and foster two all the smart folks around here at QA in the all-around town I called 1-800 mattress for the new beds which I've been doing for years if you're moving Send a college kid off to college or you just want a good night sleep for a long time This is the smart way to do your shopping just sit there on your fat old ass And make that one easy call you can check them on the web if you like first at macris.com But then pick up that instrument dial 1-800 macris. They'll be there in no time at all 1-800-MAT How End culture is a party girl party girl End culture is a party girl on her back and we are super happy! Let's go! Come on! All the ladies is what I'll give you a chief animal to read about plans and ring Nobody knows what about plans and ring out With a big scoop out that it wants to the left of Mangaluk So if you could Christian girl you want to strengthen her Fondificate who she's hating Political fund is on this again Trave on the law and What are you laughing at? Other public in Skatey home She's a better relation, but Making labor on the dirty work you know And a many scared joe in cattle dough And go to knows what they can be In a mini skirt that feels be changed She's a soldier in the water on the side of the lawn Or with a back alley hook to be like a draw star Or if you got some money she'll spread those things With the sifter in and a sharp neck And go during the winter political fund The angel of the right energy No Wait 1032 at 560 WQM there's a tropical storm warning She's still in effect for the northern coast of the Dominican Republic We don't care about the Dominican Republic All do we expect for our friends in law republican of in a kind We don't care about that do we? No or the Bahamas And Fond I do care about that We got to put Bob and Tom on there. Lens has scratchy comes in scratchy But by the end of his Jesus in the bobb and Tom a good choice You put that on already did yet Well there you go A between it is a 14 sandwichers George put Bob and Tom on a pole Here's what it looks so far What did you listen before tuning in the yield of the eyeless and two Howard Stern thank God 27 nice going Greg 27 for the Stern master and again keep in mind it's the best thing it's on tape It's rehashed old stuff No radio 21 Well how to how did they know what time we were coming on then? I guess they must be have some kind of a psychic vibration Maybe somebody knocks on the door and says angels on the coast is clear 21 There are America 18 how's that other radio 12 once we didn't put on there yet Joel Rose 11 On ESPN so 90 the ticket sound a good Joe and Zach and the written crispy cream donuts too Was it yeah, that's what Joe said said the Zach had seven and that was only like it about the eight 15 NPR nine Lexentary eight Ron and Paul three Do you see that? Yeah, do you see what I say yeah, it's very shmack and Drek have got eight and old Ron and ancient Paul All the morning got three I guess that's not our crowd man. I'm thinking almost your ego Steve came to W. I would be a pair maybe they like Miss McLaughlin And then nice hair and the freaky hats and she wears You ever see a guy where like a big like a fedora now what a fedora is like a smaller head right? No, it's not a dry circle Michael wearing a fedora in the godfather. He was but he was wearing it with a brim up I see Well, maybe they're just bringing over with confidence their W. I would even know the numbers are in the tank including rush Nobody for power 90 six or 40 that's not our crowd the punk's 132 votes. Thanks whoever sent me this tonicard You guys only joking about that the other day. I mean I could afford to go out there to office depot and all these other places any place right? They got that crap sure about that expensive. I could handle it. But somebody you know free is always better. We'll take it and easier. We'll take anything here on a show for free until you got We got that horrible thing in rush. Three people already been killed armed attacker sees the school in southern Russia took at least a hundred people hostage Emergency officials told Russia's Interfacts News Agency that one attacker and two civilians were killed nine people wounded in the attack this morning There were shooting at the time the attack as well as after where there was an unconfirmed report that 14 children hit during the attack and were able to escape First they said 15 kids were released but now comes at 14 a.m. and they were able to wiggle away out and more power to them More crazy crap going on in the world boys and girls at all I can tell you a lot of crazy crap W 2 a m hello Good one W 2 m hello Hello, sir. Hi. I wanted to talk to Neil. You're speaking to him. Oh, hi Neil. Oh, great. She's great to talk to you. Listen You thought that you were when I talked to myself. I said you mentioned something about maybe the people who listen to you are not part of the Paul and I'm just looking to resolve on the pool here. Yeah, well, I voted for Lex and Terry because I just first of all I can't wait for you Yeah, I can't stand them. I only listen to them when there was nothing else to listen to. I couldn't wait for anything else to come on And when Lex and Terry came along well, there's just a night. I think now that we got certain back on here. I think Paul and Ryan are out Yeah, I don't have any. I know that but I'm just saying I'm talking about the genre, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Well, anyway great to have you back on the radio. I love you and whatever Nice a lot, pal. Hey, hey, see you. Okay, there's a nice guy's happy. Sound like a happy cap. We like happy people. Okay. We like nice people. We like happy people. We don't like people like that. Star puts this in me to fact Yeah, you're streaming that we're screaming right now. Okay, in fact, believe me, we got a big yellow stream right down somebody's leg in a building. Hi boy. I think it's Especially when we start talking about screw in and Troy. Anyway, Howard Scuren's got 35 and then screw in and grow when and Greg and screw in man's heaters getting around, you know, back in the name. I don't have a discussion about how many I can't do it. I don't want to go there. You know, I was talking about penis is not a thing. You're in good company. Who do you think is seen more penises mirror screw in? Wait, wait. No, not lately or live or a lifetime. Keep in mind. I'm a little older than she. I, he's older than you think. By the way, yeah. And well, think about it. Before turning it in the deal to that I listen to. I mean, I can still say that can't I can talk about yeah, not too loud though. Howard Stern 35. Let's hear it for how he. Okay, error America 28. That is it's just amazing to me. It's astonishing. Aren't you blown away by that? No. That is so bad. And then of course we got the. It's on right now. It's unfortunately is like yesterday's stuff that she's talking about. Tape from yesterday. Nice going there David Ross you idiot. No radio at all 25 they're waiting for to hear the sound of my voice. Thank you so much. You people are just I don't know. Other radio 17 once we don't have listed here. Joe was 15. Nice going Joe, baby. I hope he sticks it to us. You know. That's not a good way to say it. No, but I mean that. I hope I hope he does well. Is what I mean. I mean it. I hope he sticks it to us. But I hope he does very well because the sports people they want to hear us and sports nerd stuff. You know, they want to hear about Robin and the dice and that stuff. They want to hear about sports nerds. Right. I mean, you're about the actual locker room. He had to roll sexual things like. Right. And I like. Like, like, on Joe, or 16 NPR 12, you have the dirty doesn't there. Lexi and Terry nine run and Paul only five are they alive or what? I have no right. I guess they like that material the first time and all the other shows. Bob and Tom have got three or they were only in this market. Huh? Yeah. Oh, you know, something. What stage are they on? So I can listen to what the couple of days I'm going to be here. Because I find myself all the way to work at horrible drive to work. I find myself just punch it all over because I'm also a stern thing. And that's just the way it is and I'm never going to be. You can listen to our good friend Phil Latson at his movie. I don't listen NPR. Yeah. I'm not an intellectual like you are. What? It's just news. I don't want to hear the news. News is depressing. I want to be entertained. I want to be immune. Good luck to want Bob and Tom. Right. I don't know what to do. Somebody doesn't get her. Okay. I don't know what that is. Nothing is greater than a get her. I don't know. Oh, I heard a guy called Mad Dog yesterday who is very upset about the possibility of hurricane because he's waiting so long for that football game. The hurricanes and FSU. Well, God forbid that we should have to like postpone or cancel or I mean, is that the important thing not that we don't get killed and blown away and everybody's house blown down. All kinds of horrendous billions of hours in damage stuff like that. But oh, that game, you know. That's the important part, right? Of course good. Bob and Tom three Wild D3 Steve came this 3. Go to 41. How do you like that? We got a fly 100 person listening. What a huge bad. You know, sometimes noticed about course radio in his market sucks anyway, but the morning shows the other day I was flipping around listening to bits of shows that I haven't listened to an ear coding run and Paul they all sound the same. Yeah. It's all the same thing. They got some stupid chick on there. They're trying desperately now to talk about sex stuff which they can't really do. Yeah. Right. That's funny. Yeah. And so they're trying to do stuff that they can't do, but as much of it as they possibly can. You know, like talking about screw-in and penises. Power 96 none. And that's good because we don't want to power 96 people because they would stay over there with Kintur and he wants your help. Let's see, did I see here's a fact from ship, did I see Tom Blurch has interviewed with King Bush about his reaction to Marine Dows in the book Bush World. He actually admitted to Lecky Marine, but he didn't mean to work times, but he still reads it. Much to Martha Bush, you should grin. I know I did not see that. I don't watch. You know what really kills me to people say. Well, I listen to Rush because I like to hear what the other side is saying. I'm gonna add a hair. Yeah, I don't know what his crap. Oh, here's Mike and Holly weird. It says, Beastly broadcasting has destroyed the Neo Rodger show. You can't even place him in your classic bits anymore. Oh, look at that. I can't even say that. Mornings, I listen to a real psycho. I forget his name on 88.9 FM. They played jazz. Probably have a total of four listeners in this. We need cultured city, but it's better than alumni four. Who listens to alumni four? Probably the same number of people listen to K-18 or classical music. Don't forget if you don't start listening to K-18 or classical music, they don't want to threaten you, but they're gonna like have to change that format. Oh, look at this. Oh, this makes me want to squeeze my privates. I'll turn it around. Greg, butel on 640. 640. I don't know. I have no idea what that is, even. Do you? And don't forget we got eight minutes away from 10 minutes before the hour. We got the new advisory coming on the Francis. Yeah, see at least we'll be on top of this. We won't be talking about sports stuff. And we don't have to have done as much as I like him. He's a good guy and he does a good job. I like to. I know, but you notice they didn't come to us and offer what would you guys, but during when the sports segments are on, they've put on a channel 10. No, because there are partners. Yeah, like highmen Roth was Michael Coralione's partner. Do you know what I mean? In fact, I think Don knows. I would like to chat somebody yesterday, you know what I mean? Absolutely. I don't know. Who is this guy we got here? Don, I don't know. What is this? Is this about to hurricane? I guess from our new partner. And it wasn't most thought it was whoever was in there producing leading him by the hand. I would get to be old and thoughtering like that. You need somebody to lead you by the hand. But at bacon we're sure good man. Thanks, Hauies, and they're just in on the right amount too, not like a whole enormous of like a 15 pigs full of it. That one day last year they damn your killed me. They then you're put me in a grip. My insides were slathered with lard for like months after that. But it is the best. You want good bacon go to Hauies, which you're located on 441 at somewhere. What is it? No, and yeah, the one thing we never do is we never plug them on a thing. They have been feeding the station for a long for a losing Hauies. We don't tell people if they're 2430 south state road 7 state right. Seven in Miramar. Oh, they will too many bacon in the bits in your roads will pop up. That's by 4987 7 7 7. We don't have to get carried away, but I mean at least give them a nice plug because they're grateful. They're a lot of delivery. So they love us and they do delivery and they deliver to us all the time. They've been feeding a lot of fat people here for a long time too. Look at that poll. We'll keep this one under what about noon or 1130 or oof. Okay, like I said before tuning in to Neil today. We're just doing this like out of it was we weren't even going to do this, but I got inspired. We got two and a whole already. How do you like that? Howard Stern 44. Oh, hallelujah. Our savior. Right. We don't care whether we listen to which we're not. All we want is him to bring us even bigger numbers than ever in a sure those bonuses all right. And make sure that when he comes back from vacation he goes on that length. Maybe he'll talk about his vacation next week and all the dice that he did and he'll go on to 1130 quarter 12. We can only hope. Yeah. Howard Stern 44. No radio 37. Air America 36. That is shocking Joe rose 22. Joe rose right out of the box with no promotion. No publicity except for me, of course. Joe rose 22. How do you like that? What are we going to do about our management? Right. Don't the bitch right now. There you go. Another radio 23 and PR 16. Lexi and Terry and their Yahoo Redneck shrink advice nine. Bob and Tom six. Ron and Paul six. Now Bob and Tom are even on an market. They're on Palm Beach. We'll find out from somebody as soon as I take some calls. I have to get a run or where they're on. I think it's the heater. But they're on even a market. They got as many as a run and Paul and Ron. What is that? I'd be embarrassed. W. I'd be five. Mr. Ego still stuck on those two. What am I sure is Gilbert? Uh, footies got one and power 96 not two and twelve votes. We'll find out what that station is. W2 William Hello. If 98.7 the greater Bob and Tom. On my face, pal. He's not like kind of a greater guy. And I thought it was 98. Something. Well, I'm really on top of it. You know, Tom's you guys think that's not of a search party. No, cop. Hey, Bob. I thought when it got to be September when we turned the page on the calendar. Maybe he had the month of August off or something like that. Or maybe he died and they just so want to tell us about it. If there's anybody who's seen Tom jica alive in the last 30 days, please. Bob, third man Paul and let us know because he has written anything in all summer. And there's job and there's Q and A things in Sunday. Like I said, those are in the can. He writes those way ahead of time. Makes up the questions once ahead. And then makes up his own answers. But he's written nothing. All the amount of stuff that's gone on between era, America and the stern be it on and Hank being suspended and on vacation and Golibe and like odd man out pretty much. And then they always say, well, he's still got that Saturday show. Does that mean for 350,000 year you better believe you ought to be doing some kind of a show on his station. Little squeal and punk. And then, of course, the most thing was in limbo. Now, I guess you don't run into him. Did you I saw his car here last couple of days when I left, but I didn't know we don't overlap anymore. Why not? Well, where's he? Yeah, it doesn't show up until like close to four. Well, maybe that wasn't his car. I thought it was his car. I thought it was that white duken who that he drives. Huh? Or maybe he's in there with Greg. Or maybe saying that with Gary Sernor. I think Gary likes him because he drives that juke can know anything Jewish Gary likes it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a Verizon wireless and singular wireless line. We better get used to saying that. I got that sit in front of me now. I'll have to take up a new label. 5 6 60 on the Verizon wireless and singular wireless line starting today. And of course the other one which we all mentioned. WKWAM Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? All right. I was listening to the Stern Shows this morning and I heard you use the female genophilia word out there and I was wondering. Aren't you guys like not supposed to use that on the air? I don't know. I still have Hilltiny. Don't worry about it. Grow up already. We just play it. That's every day. No. A day does not go by without at least five people telling me that they heard a fart sound. Let me say again. Okay. I'm not in the sandbox. I really don't care. I'm at little child. Oh, how are you? I don't care what he does. I'm not in. I don't listen to it. I don't care. And all that does is it. In addition. I don't like it. I'm just shocked to you. But we're doing just fine. I'm just sure. We just had a killer book. And all during the spring book did we play any fart sounds? Do we have insane in those words? No. We're not in the script. We're not in the script. But that's okay. Somehow people still listen like crazy. We did fart a lot. We farted a lot. We farted a lot. We farted a lot. Because we're thinking of that bitched joys over there in a waste coast. That's screwed up our lives. But we're doing just fine. But there's another little one that's spent this day with how he changed this. How he changed that. And you can't play this in the beginning. That paycheck man is just gigantic. It is huge. It is so huge. Even the hecoon would be impressed. It is so huge. Just like the margin by which Teresa LaFore got her ass beaten Palm Beach last night. It was huge. Just like the margin by which the people of Broward told Miriam Elephant to take a walk. Take her trunk and pack it. The baby elephant. Right. The baby elephant walk right out of town. It was huge. Just like the margin at Alex penis pecania. And his ass lumped. Yesterday. And his bid for the Senate. It was huge. It was huge. It was huge. So there you go, Alex. What's he going to do now? I guess he can just be the he can be the parrot on McEuras and children now. They made a big deal. He'd be hard deal with him. People get a liar. Alex you were lier and you're a bull crap artist. And speaking of hurricanes on that was if you go, Was that the one that went just off the coast three years ago? I think that was you go. Yeah. So for me. And don't you remember that day when he was getting everybody in the whipped up. It was already passed day and already even passed Broward. Here's the mayor of the county getting on a year. But I mean, but it was already we're looking at it on the TV. It's already moving into Palm Beach County. And then of course, Al Sunshine. To it is big fat ham hocks who are luckily. I haven't seen on TV. Why I've been around all this time. I hope I never seen him again. He's up there bitching out the people of the floor. Ready and up there in the forlaterdale. Just because they were open to feed some people. Oh, well, they told you you're supposed to be closed. Aren't you ashamed of his waving his big fat ham. And by the way, I'll have a B.O.T. Now, I thought that was the most embarrassing thing. I've resorted. I've got a fact that he was actually stuffing his fat face while he was bitching him out for being open. And then was gay to have some takeout would have. He had a doggy bag. So the cheese meat loaf is really easy. He's a crap, alf fat sunshine. You a ham hock, turd. You and me shall kill him. And the two ought to be a low. I think it's the same person. Yeah. I think I've seen him together. Just on his fat days, he's al Sunshine. How does the what's in him doing on channel 6 by way? She's still on Kelly Craig. I heard she fucked up. I heard she fucked off the edge of the screen. She pulled a big game. We love you, Kelly, but lose an ounce. Please. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Is Neil in? You're speaking to him. Oh, how are you doing Neil? I'm doing fantastic. Great. I'll have a little bit of information. Oh, no, I don't have time to rinse. Still the same at 140 miles an hour. So, the same rinse in the center of the hurricane. And moving toward the west north west about six minutes. And the center of the hurricane. And moving toward the west north west about 16 miles an hour, the simple pressure that was measured by the hurricane hundreds earlier in the morning, 937 millibars as it continues. It's westward movement. We will continue to walk. This is unacceptable. That was the ADM. The new one, the 11 A.M. One is out right now because they come in 10 minutes before each hour. And they're still on the weather channel. They're still peddling in news that three hours old. Shame on you, people. I'm going online right now. I'm getting out the arc. I'm getting too very animal. I'm going online right now. Noah. More moment please. Okay. If there's computer level. Maybe. I'll write about rainfall. See, I'm the order of one to three inches around the Dominican Republic. But of course, very heavy rainfall, very strong winds into the Turks and the Cacos and also into the Bahamas. This visible satellite, an actual photograph, gone, a satellite of the hurricane, shows The guys say they have things on the horizontal line. Noah's area. Hurricane force winds extend 80 miles outside of the center of the hurricane. It's projected path would bring it toward the floor to coast hurricane. Sometime this weekend, it could actually begin to affect the southern coast of Florida as early as late tomorrow night or Friday morning. But if it's past six a little bit more to an Easterly turn it will be probably Sunday or Monday before it begins to affect the Georgia country. It means to affect the Georgia coast with the South Carolina coast. But the path still, the jury out on this, however it is definitely going to impact. In other words, they don't know crap. Just like what Charlie made. Sorry Charlie. They don't know anything. And they still got the ADM advisory on there. Don't we have one every three hours of 11 o'clock? Are we supposed to have a new one? Suppose that's your reason to put that crap on or interrupt the very important call. Maybe he wanted to tell us that Greg Bidal and Don Agony are doing more things on WGNA 640A. It's an adult standards for mat station. Old fart station. Not adult. Old ancient Frank Sinatra. For a demonstration. Don't be polite. If you see a sandal. They're followed by Chuck Zink and Joyce Kaufman. Oh my God. Skipper up check. I think it says it all says right here. Plague of summer on it. Yes. Playing old music. Well, even the jury atrick said to make a living. You know, times are tough these days. Now that the president wants you to put your social security into. Find a wee. Here we come. Let's go. And the end. Bob and Tom are on the gate or 98.7FM. What you can pick up in date with the power FM from radio check or listen online at Bob and Tom. Come, oil in the car is kind of hard to listen online. But I bet you're going to try tomorrow morning. Listen to Bob. I love Bob and Tom. They are great. The guy tomorrow is 88.9FM is Frank Kansola. He's quite a character. I swear that I heard the name Bob Lasseter on WKAT yesterday. Wow. What were these you say? I'm worried that Helen is Bob Lasseter on this thing. Did we take him off here? Of course not. LAS dash. No, I'm not talking about on there. I'm talking about on he used to say. Oh, we go. Oh, no. We don't want to lose old Bob Lasseter. I didn't know he was dead. Also, it says, please get bulk of Brian to make a far drop like a, like, Scored, scored a far far drop. We can't do that. I think he's playing far apart. I think he's saying far far. That's not a bad idea. Well, that's a check with Joyce. I choice Calvin better on Joyce, the legal legal, over there in the way we know the answer. We can say far far. I think the answer is no. We can't say it. We can't do it. We can't smell it unless it's an elevator. And one of the abeasley's the drop that apparently smells like grits. Let's say, yo, and what is this? My wife telling me to take out the garbage. Actually, I'm just a John and Columbia South Carolina, no chronic John. The facts are, I have no idea what that means. View? He was listening to I'mists. Uh-huh. Well, that wouldn't come out of the category of other. We would, we would dignify putting I'm a son there because he's only got about about 30 minutes. Listener, so why would we put him on? Is he even out in the market? I love being a South Carolina. Isn't that the perfect market for the I'm in? Of course, sounds perfect to me. Would that cowboy hat? It would be a ranch and buying the farm and all the other crats. A dead man in a cowboy suit. Before tuning in the deal that they are listened to, we have 269 votes already. I'm impressed aren't you? Sure. What a Howard sperm. 62 for how he. All right. Nice going Greg. You idiot. I know radio at all. 51. Scare America. 47 for air America. Maybe we don't owe something. Maybe there's something we're missing. Other radio 27. Joe Rose. 26. First day on 790. This morning. Nice going Joe, baby. He sounded really good. Good. I mean, I'm not interested in what he's talking about, but I didn't make any difference. Oh, he was talking about Zack and the donuts are like that. That was good. 26 for Joe Rose on ESPN. And 790 to ticker all the sports nerds are going. His Greg kisses the sports audience. Good bye. NPR 21. Lex and Terry 11. Ron and Paul eight. Bob and Tom 7. Wiod. Six Mr. Ego. Three. I guess he just can't see his vote. 43 and power 96. How come we got three? Oh, that's right. They're white. They're Anglo's. Listen to why 100. They are. Aren't they? I don't know who they are. Teenagers. Part of his net one yet. You never met anybody that listened to why 100? I have a teenager. She has lots of friends. We've talked about it. They don't know anybody. It was just a Y100. Well, maybe nobody that maybe fully voted. And is two kids. I really really the other day. Fully? Yeah. I don't know him. I've never met him. He doesn't like me. I'll tell you that. He's not. He was a funny child. He was a funny child. He was a funny child. He was a funny child. Well, the Y-B-S-A-P-A-N-I-N-I. Because I've heard those stories as well. He hates me. He writes that this is the worst radio in history. And I'm whatever. How did you know him? How do you know what was him? And how do you know what was you? I was at Miami Velvet with Troy Stratford, apparently. They know each other. And Troy made the introductions. Yeah. And... And nothing we shook hands. And... How was it? Was it clammy? Fat boys got a hit on me hand, by the way. It's probably from Squeezer. They came too hard. Or even from... But it was Squeezer. Let's say, pay grass as your station management can't wait a second. Then the option on your show for a cane Francis. You'd go not saying I don't want that way, my show. So they have any updates in your show. Oh, look at this. This is all star posts. So you used to be a little... Jerry, squiggly Jerry now. He's typing it up. We welcome any at all interruptions. That's right. I like it a lot. What I was thinking is we don't need the interruptions. We're putting it on from the weather channel. That was my point is that we're perfectly competent to see her and discuss it ourselves. Pedro, KKA, little Jerry, KK whatever other misfit name you're on. Amy's today. Debbie says the best site for weather is www.wonderground.com. Click on topics. All kinds of great maps, great tracking, wonderful graphics. And the world is coming to an end. Your things are new. Roger. I thought it was a little bit too much. You made it. Your breasts are beautiful. That's right. That's right. That's a little bit too much. How is it when we hear now? Looks like it's like the roast guy. Now it's from the funny role model. Margaret Bush and Molly Sam and I both have a rice map now. That's right. And that's when she realized. She made four crazy little clouds. That breakfast has Molly's name tonight. That she said me only for the craft me. And she ran for five that had me. She's a troublemaker. And she found me so I gave her a bite. And I was there saying, why don't I bite? What's my key service in a full recording stream? That's five and a half. Molly's down the night. And Molly's having me to go up. And that she's always crying. She's wiggle my key. What? Barbara Bush and Molly fell in love. I see. We gave a short point and said Bush. That's a nice and big, And Bob and Mike will be reaching back. And spell just my thoughts and thoughts on the big map. Barbara Bush re-entered all the latest book I'm on a sad game. And I was a big fan of the game. Maybe we'll play the ball. Maybe we'll play the ball. Maybe we'll play the ball. Maybe it was the magic sauce from the big match that we didn't hear overnight. Could have been. Anyway, here's the 11 o'clock advisory which came a couple of minutes late, which left the 11 o'clock, which met on their face a little egg on their post. Anyway, 11 o'clock this morning. The I-A Hurricane Francis was located near a latitude 21.7 north, and it took 69.8 west to about 85 miles east of Grand Turk Island. Remember the Turk? Good with a knife? But it'll be better as business. Right. And 735 miles east southeast of the Florida East Coast. 735 miles east southeast of the Florida East Coast. It's moving toward the west northwest near 16 miles an hour. No change. The General Track is expected to continue during the next 24 hours with a gradual decrease in forward speed. That's good news for us. On this track, the Corps of the Hurricane Lee passed in the year over the Turks and Kiko Islands, and the southeast in Bahamas during the next 24 hours. That would be lifetime you'll see the Bahamas, so if you like to go gamble there, I do it right now. Well, maximum sustained winds remain your 140 miles an hour with higher gusts. It's still a category for a cat for on a safer, safer Simpson hurricane scale. While fluctuations in intensity expected in the next 24 hours, Francis could still intensify a little bit more before reaching the hurricane warning area. At 11 o'clock this morning, Governor of the Bahamas issued a hurricane warning for a whole bunch of places but we don't care about them, do we? For the Central Bahamas which includes cat, cats, the cat. Exhumus, Long Island, Rungkay and San Salvador, and Hurricane watch for the northwest Bahamas which includes the Avocose and Rose Berry Islands Vimity, Blutra, Grand Bahama, and New Providence. So that's the latest on it. Don't panic unless you want to. If you want to get all blue-reyeed and all of that out of shape and run around, bang and on-pli wouldn't do all these things, knocking down the door, Lindsey Lumber, and at Home Depot. Go ahead. Oh and what's the one? Which is the one that they call the Home O Depot? Yeah, they showed some clips last night. They were actually drilling glory holes in there. Wait, that's a good place to do with it. You're going to all the tools to do with therapy. Right, Depot. 560, 050, 5060, Pond 560 on the AT&T and Horizon Wireless Line. Got a whole pile of stuff here. Let's see, a horrible stir-out of Russia. Keep my eye on that, my brown eye. Democratic leaders urge Kerry campaign changes. The can't imagine why can you. Democratic leaders increasingly concerned that John Kerry's presidential campaign is a drift. Our urging the presidential nominee to make changes in the staff before Labor Day, not going to happen, though they said this morning they'll make changes. Oh, change. If not, said one party strategist had could be too late, sources say major changes could come at the campaign's highest level, but don't look like it. The concern according to these sources is that Kerry has failed to effectively respond to attacks from Republicans and criticism of his military service in Vietnam, especially those ads from that group calling itself the Swiftboat Line veterans for truth. Several campaign sources this month talk about major shake up in these sources acknowledge that there will be some changes in the coming days, some evolving roles at the campaign's senior level. We don't have a carval or a bigala, so the senior Kerry official. We can't mimic what happened in 1992, y'all y'all y'all, partured in per treat. You watched that stuff last night, I sure didn't. Laura Bush makes me want to puk. She is so... God. Yes, she is. Redneck vanilla. Yeah. She probably even takes a BC powder. Don't you think? Where does she take it? Back home in the abatum. 560, 560, pound-560 on a Verizon wireless and new singular. Fireless line. Before tuning in in the other day, I listened to Howard Stern, any of you, 80 people, 20 people per cent we're listening to the best of Howard this morning. And we are pleased this punch about that. Did we ever have that? I don't know if we did or not. No radio 64, air America 62, Joe Rose 34 for little dog 34. Yeah, that's good. It's not just good, it's phenomenal. I've gone Greg, other radio 33 and PR 27, 5 and Tom 14, wait to hear these three, 5 and Tom 14, not even in data-browered. Lexi and Terry 12, Paul and ancient Ron 11. W-I-O-D-7, Steve came three, 43 and power 96 is still got the old big. I love it. They got nothing. W-Q-A-M-Hello. I'll do the 13, got me a little worried. No, okay, Redneck Rose. In fact, maybe it'll blow your ass away. That would be good. I would be one good thing you could do this. Not necessarily strike this area, but just make a quick pit stop and blow him at his boyfriend away. Would be really good. W-Q-A-M-Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You're on your audition. It sounds like me, yeah. Yeah, it sounds like you, you're George. No. You sound like George. Well, try to sound a little more like George. Look at what you're doing on the road. What can I do for you, sir? Uh, is he the baby called? I'm taking your call right now. I'm talking to you. I just got through saying this is Neil. Neil, Neil, Neil, and Neil. Yeah. So what happens when you're gone? You're only on for two days out of the week, you forget? Not anymore on, not am I full time now maybe so let's have a full time conversation for about 10 seconds. I wish I had enough intelligence for about 10 minutes of airspace. Yeah, I said 10 seconds. I just want to say I just listened to your comments on the first lady. I mean, that's that's pretty severe, man. Oh, it's pretty severe, okay, right? That bitch you talking about? What an idiot. That's pretty severe. Pretty severe. Pretty severe what I was silly. It's not a lady. That first and then then the man be pan-be-first lady and her husband I'd like to fact she admitted that her husband was still the same piece of crap now They was when she married him when he was a co-snorton drunk remember that Now he's a dry drunk whatever. Oh, here's the official right now You people that continue. Oh look at this one. I like I said thank you. Oh, this is good Because this is from the no-out website and it shows the official track now Well, let me see if it's really moved it at all. No, that's not really Only the time has been changed to protect the innocent 8 a.m. Friday to show it like right over to Bahamas over the NASA as a matter of fact. Oh, oh NASA Can you believe what's gonna happen to us casinos much as actually get blown away? Come on. I would be bad wouldn't And then we got at the ATM Monday to get it all away up there in Georgia Southwest in Georgia after it's there They're showing it coming on sure here in the like central Florida like north east of the lake which would be one Fort Pierce Now little south of Fort. I'm not stupid or north of the north of it or From what I'm looking at here. Stuart. Okay. Where's Viro? Well, there north of there for a pierce Stuart Okay, so it's right well, I've let this is showing I mean, but they still do have the big like full thing on there the big ice cream cone And it looks like a Brian or crosses lift this one a couple of times and then it's like straight up on Cross the pan handle in the southwest in Georgia by Monday morning. Well, that's what they're showing right now That's the anticipated track Too loose a lot track, but we'll see so just just a crown of the bed. Well, let's know when safe to come out just calm down Or if you want you can get all his steric and go out there and fight your neighbors and go out there and get really ugly That's my water. That's my pie one. That's my damn light bulbs. That's my radio That's my generator and you know being nice friendly softs. Nobody like we've always been here sure Times of crisis bring us together. I'll take like the alien business. That's right By the way Dave Slater got 14 votes in Dave County last night. Nice going Dave Right now Armstrong for the home state wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining O4s here just some of the great deals weight nine right now and O4 F 150 pickup just a dollar over in boys New O4 explorers just a dollar over in boys Rangers crowned VIX toruses and focuses all waiting for you. It's just a dollar over in boys only at Armstrong for the home state Plus Armstrong for it offers more value with local customers their loyal customers when you buy for it for Armstrong For it you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That's right tires and batteries for life And the value you'll get Armstrong for doesn't stop there right now. You get a free Florida some pass with any vehicle purchase If you press for time Armstrong for those your time is valuable so call them a 305 24751 12 and shop by phone They'll even deliver your new vehicle right to you right you don't Armstrong for the home state locally And operated a teacher just like family not guarantee it. You will not get a better deal on a fort anywhere in a way Know how no bait and switch no phone ideals at Armstrong for the home state 307 25 South-Tixie Highway just 20 minutes south of the E36 check out the web Armstrong cars calm Grab a little and save a ton on the greeting you forward only from Armstrong for the home state Go Roger That was a redron Hey, wait, take a look at this Every time I watch my TV this governor look breathing with knitting bags Back home I wonder if Jim and golden went to disco midnight golden after work once a seat Did they want the beach head in hand while listening to surprise and then drinking low cart beer Did they give a liking? That a poster of the majors while pinching each other's real To why But I bet she likes to stick his head in the fan Because that's the plan We understand Will Jim move into that happens and where are robes that? Wallawing through the tar Will my green be the next guy redoing straight that unclear I end up clubbing after Looses And recite my watch my TV there's governor The green is knitting that is gay He can have direct deposits now that he's out of the closet No one cares he goes that way Back home Level 17 560 WQAM now let's take a look We got this is a good time to end this pool and start the other one Because we got an even 400 vote All right, go to think it's a good show Before tuning in the deal there listen to Howard Stern 92 out of 423 percent No radio at all 73 air America 69 Joe Rose the little dog 43 on his debut morning on 790 the ticket ESPN radio 790 the ticket Joe rose he got the for exact he got 43 not that I'm promoting it Other radio whatever it might have been 36 NPR 29 Bob and Tom 16 run an ancient Paul 15 Luxem Terry 13 Luxembourg III WD 744 Steve came Mr. We go three and power 96 Oh, there ain't no sloppover between us and King Curry's crowd is there no why not? Demographics well that's a sad ass excuse What is that all about oh? Here's somebody just facts me this is a map a map of Florida okay, and I think I'm a little bit off Okay, what I'm saying where's the he just saw the one the tracking thing for a lot of the clock this morning Which they have brought it south the from a lot of the clock yesterday morning, which I saved that one they showed it come I'm sure like way up there north of Orlando now the new one shows for their south, but not this far south I would say more like port Saint Let me look how do I want to say that Four pierce and for what I said before yes, I stand by my statement And don't forget pohokie a little bit huh Have any ever been in pohokie and that that good cherry pie told you about years ago man. It's the best cherry pie ever get arrested. Oh look at that isn't that sad Isn't that sad that one's back again? The unmentioned of all one on the facts machine one different unmentioned of all one very sad 567056 and we got a lot of open lines there They were but I didn't want to take any calls before they were following it them out remember that right? They were smoking like we're even way $500 bills now that I'm thinking about maybe taking a few It's like a not too exciting 5670560 pound five 60 are new tool free Verizon wireless and singular wireless line and the price is right W 2 A and hello Yes, sir, let's see now it's a pleasure listen to you after listening to this turn and uh those Pauler on guys It's good to have you back in the radio man. Okay. Yeah, the best is the number one show in the morning. Okay. Oh Thanks for the good job palio, okay, and Brian let's you look his ice cream too He'll let you look his colon in fact. He's gonna be here tomorrow. Yeah, the colon. Maybe we'll like to look him Yeah, Jeff wants to come into Marlon to hoard the show a little bit. It's a lot cheaper than buying spots on the show and subsidizing our livelihood 5670560. I'm gonna have to use the pound five 60 on the Verizon wireless and singular wireless line What happened to the other one? All we don't go into it. Come into QA. I'm hello You're getting mad Mike upset again. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good palies And I listen to your your conversation about the beach the early and I gotta say it made me laugh Because the wig I said is a little tricky drinking Who's best thing into best thing is the BC when you go to bed, buddy If you have curled child or man, there ain't nothing like a BC powder You guys in a great job keep up the five of my friends. Thanks a lot palie and have a great day See these people are in a good mood. They're not getting all all I see well, okay Well, don't get all. I don't want to discuss any of that stuff. You're right this sponsor that I don't want to get mad Mike is a racist a ringer agenda. Okay. FYI man. Oh man I thought I noticed to hear a follicular to ruin it is when he saw me driving in luckily for him My clicker wasn't working on the parking lot thing this morning Yeah, he was just come out the door and while when he saw me He made a UE you haven't never seen anything even he we in doing ever saw you. We like that I'm sure he's wonderful. I Have no one he is now He's a bizarre. He's weird. He's strange. Maybe you should party with me. Oh man. Woo you first I mean, I was That is really a panic Okay, here's our next poll. It's up How do you rate and of this course the Republican convention now they got this spotlight the first lady that guy That had to be a put on okay for you kid man like if we were ripping Hillary Would yeah, oh hell I mean say anything about it in the same with bubble. That was okay But these people are right. We're okay. That's this respect We're talking about the president that we yeah All right, it gives a quote out your ass on your right wing hypocrites Fulmies How do you rate George W. Bush's first term as president is our poll question We got rid of the other one because then we got the message Here are your choices two four six seven choices Here they are outstanding Good Okay, okay Media ochre week a disaster And it better be his last Question was how do you rate his first term it better be his last I think I'm gonna vote for that one It better for our sake for the world sake for the sake of human race every time better be his life I mean all those dead people we apologize all the ones who died the military and all the civilians over there and everybody else who died in the wake of this because we just Happened it was kind of like when we bond the Chinese embassy you know right oops Mistake well this was it these people deserve it remember they tap it right that had it coming because they Attacks us on 9 11 well it wasn't them, but it was people it looked a lot like them. No, not really Nanny smell like them too, but there was near there don't forget join George in bulk of Brian for happy our five to seven this afternoon Treasure island. Oh, they don't right off the end of you. I'll be there too to get some Located right off the palm net or just over the 120 second street exit when prizes check out this week's feature Chone adjacent yeah, she's hot See and she's gonna be there a hand in some of those naked gymnastics and martial arts routine She reacts she's resting with a conscience about it right now. I'll wrestle with her So go and see George your wrestle with Miguel and folks Ryan and see who comes out with the biggest balls spot Let's see here's what it says day after day we are the target Revard County Melbourne Coco Titusville KSC From the chronic in cocoa boarding up already to flee Okay, I think he's got a point. I think Revard County might be a Melbourne. I'd be way more nervous if I were Tom Bay worth floor there send you ever been in Melbourne and Pompeii sure not to No, no, I want to it's kind of like trailer trash without the trailers Here that there are trailers. Yeah, they're but it's not my cup of tea up there Earl Gray Just do not not promote the Revard County. I mean with all the respect and sure we have some people up there We have somebody you got there in 14 loosely list. I don't count in New York is that in the Revard County court saying loosely well I'm looking at my map and loosely speaking This doesn't have counties on it. Oh, yeah, does Port St. Lucy is in yeah and provide county very good. What county is that north that's got bureau beats in fourth pierce And there are 67 counties in four to so I apologize right you gotta be good. I can't know them all. Okay What's Martin County? This could that be it? It could be I'll throw the ball right out of the keys. I don't bother to remember right and on a west coast you got your Lee county right is Fort Myers Lee okay high your county. I'll take your word flexier. Who's and then you've got a course up in there He's got Hillsborough and Paninius County over there in St. Pete isn't Jacksonville like all of devalker do volcano. Yeah. Oh It might hit Jacksonville do volcano. You only wear the red next live though the hurt me W Q a and hello Hello, there's a lot of dark folks up here in Jacksonville. I'm a little bit of several times in November. Yes sir Deal. Yes I I All right Mission Hello, yes. I'm here sir speak to me speak to me before it's too late. You remember Couple years back you were having the problems when I met that tag in the shakes up by the old No, I don't oh well I called you to give you the the H yeah, anyway, well I was that and this is now. Let's get a little more current now. All right now. Let's update my cereal I caught a little part of that tuck a calton that jerk with the boat say yeah Now that he quote that or that is journalist That was in his interview and S.C.R. magazine. That's what he said Yeah Wonderful It goes to show you's nothing but a horror man. They put him there on TV. You'll say anything he wants thank God The liberals aren't like that. Now what did you want me to say? Nothing Just a joke. This is relaxed. Jesus. Everybody is so uptight. I don't know I guess wrong here Why is it interesting? I'm here Toronto everybody is laid back or friendly. There's no stress really that be there 100 but here everybody is like oh Yeah, if you're looking somebody who also just relax and he's How do you rate your judge's ability of Bush's first term as president is our poll question today and in just a matter of moments We got 72 votes and better be his last 48 Well just like we said goodbye to Teresa LaPore and Mary on elephant and Alice penis bikini yesterday we can do the same for W on November 2 we can make the difference just like Chicago said in that song We can make a difference what was the song The beginnings Okay, no, I'll take your word 25 or 64 now Oh, it's my favorite Chicago song too Well, then it won't be good anyway No, you know the one I'm talking about do Or something right would a lot of heavy drum disaster 15 He's a disaster bush. He's doing good three the whole days as an outstanding now. Yeah, right Saturday in the park get out of here outstanding three week two Medioker one and okay I bet it's okay. No, all right. It's the one of the oh Can't believe you 27 past 11 at five 60 I've guaranteed for some silliest One was hip hop songs you wouldn't have either all the silliest you wouldn't have it either see the Mister paranoia father paranoia Over the years I've talked a lot about Chuck Alfie or if we're all you balding guys out there Charlie's the best in the business for over 35 years He's provided an amazing natural looking here systems that are virtually 100% Undetectable and right now Charlie's introducing the very latest in Her restoration this new deal is called the new laser light therapy treatment. It's used for treating fine and thinning here This new treatment that's at the acidified restore his hair and scalp back to its healthiest state while increasing hair shaft density and volume And there's nothing like it near shaft density increased the new laser light therapy And it's cool light laser devices effective on both men and women and it's a painless non-invasive treatment that is complete in just about a half an hour and about about About 30 minutes get in stickin But I don't want to call the way you find it on drink beer and I don't like what I don't have a girl with this cow It's not right on the armistory I grew a little bit of a puppy I can turn you to butterman a big old man. You can't save my picture and that is that They got on an armistory I don't want men to be a computer but my first cousin's at and has a goal Getting some hour Rain band activity here and probably one to three inches at least See could see hurricane force wins within the next 24 hours. That's why we have warnings up for the Bahamas the Turks to take Because at least the Southern portion of the Bahamas You 3327 oh no we got Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog today To what we got a bizarre schedule on there He is Wednesday in it last time I tried yesterday We got the Marlon game tomorrow a 110 start or we excited about that and maybe how come we haven't heard anymore about that duble hitter on Friday I guess they're waiting for you hurricane default. What's the lives of cargo song Dialogue dialogue We should grab the book very dialogue Dialogue diets one and two that's crazy. We're going for the book. I wish I had it here right now. It's about seven and a half in a cut We could play twice and go home. Okay sounds like a plan for the pregame before the Marlon game tomorrow Dialogue they were really good until Terry can't lose brains out little Russian relax. They were there with the subabi went on the land and Peter Catera Burched up and had all them kids. I still think he's oh boy that No, I don't think he's bad. I think he's something 567. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the Verizon wireless and singular wireless line We are singularly Pretty excited about this week. Are we? I think a lot of people will see the excuse would be that people I don't have kids This is their last big vacation of the summertime before Labor Day right right so they're all gone They all bailed out last few days and I think a lot of other people the word I'm looking for is cowards Oh the hurricane flight clears the hurricane flears they've fled Those people are cowards you're supposed I could left I could have gone back to oh yeah I think we had that big hurricane. I better get out of here. I got a place to go But no here I am and I'm not leaving I'm gonna be here and wait and doubt I'm gonna tough it out being the butcher old part that I am that's right Of course you're probably safe out there in the acres During Andrew I was okay there was a lot of blowing going on. Yeah We were on a big head of big tree limb came down right on my could girl to get out to front though As a matter of fact I can write on my roof. Huh no damage though. Thank God. I don't have like no damage No Just because your way out west doesn't mean that you're safe. No guarantee but you're safer right and of course I got online shutters up Yeah, and it's a lie was not I got my galvanized steel way and I got the big drums now. Let me ask you this. Why is it necessary? I realize this is a revolutionary thing Why can't you just take a big bunch of plastic bottles or any kind of bottles and tell them what's water Where you gonna get bottles Why do you have to go to the store and clean out airy bottle of water they got? I realized we're not really big on the tap water but a lot of us got like systems You know right water thing. I got some kind of crap in here some filter or you can buy those what do they call us? It's like a plastic jug right you know I'm talking about and it's a water purifier thing It's a real inexpensive thing. I'm leaving by and it's a pay mart wall mart target douche mart that wall mart can say that Right yeah, I'm right there. Why don't buy it well. How come I can say that? I don't know okay well maybe now joyous you said I can't say that I can't do joy. You bitch WQM hello WQM hello. Hi. Yes, sir Is this me? Yes, it is. I got three things that I wanted to comment on. So right. No matter what all First of all Although I know you probably don't give a crap you have Howard Stern to think for the fact that I'm even Well, thank you. What do you mean? I don't give a crap. We love that. Well, I'm glad you do I think you're you know I haven't listened to your show very long, but it it does have a lot of this Some similar elements to Howard's show But and I hope you will find that insulting no wait a bit wait whatever. I know now Yeah, this is this is our show and he does say show and that whatever everybody's got their own thing, you know You do the song charities you do the belching and you know it's fine. I like that And we used to do the farting until joy told us we couldn't play fart sounds anymore. Well, he's a jerk What would told you that? um The court Saint loosely is in Saint loosely county. Yeah, I'm I'm all screwed up and I somebody just facts me a whole by I I lived here for a hundred years. You think I know my geography of geography and crap, but I'm all screwed up Somebody just asked me the county by county map and Martin Martin County is Martin is on Stewart County I mean, it's a works in Martin County, right? Do it in Martin County. Okay third thing. Yes, sir. I noticed with the coverage of the hurricane Francis there seems to be a dichotomy between National broadcasts in the local broadcasts the National broadcasts will tell you, you know this this thing is targeted to make land fall somewhere between You know, Viro Beach and Jacksonville right, but whereas the local stations are I keep bringing it back bringing back They keep yeah, they're purposely vague and I wonder if part of the reason for that is that they're under pressure from their advertisers such as Lowes publics and home depot or really With it often get people out to those stores and buy all that crap. I do I notice they keep showing shots of the people in fact There was one goofball on there. I think it was on channel seven last night given a song at Nspon well now is the time to be getting out there To the stores and be doing it as I just wanted to blow his brains out with my Peashard. Yeah, they got people they got Of course, finance counters store and public thing right come on to probably the zone Although we do love public stuff free advertising there you go have a great day, Kelly. Thank you See you we love public so lot. I do anyway I like public. I'm crazy about the other one We don't want to talk about too many commercial enterprises because then that Michael be stirring around out there in a parking lot And who knows what kind of Just go off, you know, what was it good thing we don't want to say them off right about public we are Is that public not good to say about public? There are houses fresh. I've done the fact that those people Buggy that like a Christmas time, but I won't wait. I will be here. Yeah, huh? We don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like being hassled by in the Girl Scout cookies by the Selfie in Army people they always let those people hang up by the door, you know I think they should shoot you know They should all the bag boys you got their shoe shoe, you know, right Let's see what they name Betsy ever to do the shoe shoe song Yeah, I shoot you away Portsy Lucy is in St. Lucy County is this a suit colleges He was pretty good. He is a lot of people think that the stern audience are all a bunch of I'm off reading their daily You know, and he even said dichotomy which he said that was impressive. He was good. He was a good guy Thank you, sir. You made the whole world feel a hell of a lot better about the mankind Stewart as he said is in Martin County. I don't know my counties mystery. That's for damn sharp But we're gonna be bother for a person VRR in in the river You could have stuck an oozy up my ass and I still can't afford to be answered that I would get the video from Indian River County and Melabor which I knew this one and Pompeii and those places like Revard County, which is also a cocoa beach. Okay, right? Yes, the cape Crusader all of these things Revard County. I think for our county's gonna get something. I'm not really sure what and the Exciting news is that in about 10 minutes we can go back to a Marshall Seast and assist And we can go back to that ball head to geek that's a waiting to blow up Miami All the other people at the weather channel because we don't need done no With all do and again, I appreciate the fact that we have this working relationship with a people at Channel 10 We liked white Lauderdale a lot of stuff when he's busy talking about eating Right, don't doubt that we can't say on a year anymore, but other than that right Todd tongue in likes this show does he yeah? Dwight Eaton and Todd's tongue Coming up tonight and inside the behind the true homey with celebrity music biography profile story In the disco era they dressed as construction workers cops Indians bikers and cowboys Jobs that weren't quite gay enough at the time They were the village people I've been a real construction worker for 25 years But I guess I had something to learn from a funny construction worker who does the nasty with men since leaving public life The village people have turned their queer eye to inject stereotypes with style So if you're work involves nailing studs all day and cat calling women Well, you've got the first part right, but can we come up with something more interesting to yell at the women who walk by To much people construction worker David Hodo Yep, his name is Hodo When you guys yell hey Hodo, stop can I get some you might as well be asking her how much you've killed the floor? Instead try Sweetheart that dress is working for you and look at that perfect little rum if my touchy was that firm I'd bounce falls off of this Then there was Fele Fele rolls the Indian and the village people who affirm his native American lineage through a special paperwork An enemy misdemeanor identity theft by living with the Navajo Nation poor totally cut by the wing High-finally a little power. Wow to the rain dances with traditionally sole latex wine cloths and now they name me chiefs and so direct The cop the bike here in the cowboy are also hoeing the same real all the right there Can't so those angels rule and less they insist on wearing a leather jacket with no shirt Hello bearbelly not sexy To village people you don't have to dress up like a cowboy to be gay But it sure helps It's a big juicy something with like a show business tonight on inside the behind 189 votes in a boys pool baby. How do you rate gwb's first term as president? President doofus It better be his last that's what 114 of us said that's what I said it damn well better be a dang well better be damn it disaster 47 outstanding nine rubber creeper voted nine times that's your only number he knows anyway right Robert yeah week six mediocre five okay for and good for so if you take the positive ones they're outstanding okay good That's like what 17 out of a hundred eight nine That's not too bad Huh? Well, you know, it's just this crime. Oh, it's just our crowd all of us by the way. We're gonna vote 40 50 times come Monday, November Anyway, Tracy and Kendall Sorry, sorry Says could you please play the skies falling drop Sorry I just got home from trying the shop at Costco. I was driven out by the hordes of frantic people buying waters screaming Where's the tuna and check out lines how much as long as Jessica it's Jessica she'll tell you Where's the tuna and check out lines how much as long as this door itself have a great team Gonna hide it with the bed nurses Tracy and Kendall good luck to you Tracy and every once in a while just stick your head out and go Like that okay when it's out live it out make you feel better I don't think we're getting it, but again in about a couple of minutes because they got the local look for a cast on there. Look at that It's a bomby it's only 89 I walked out there yesterday when I left here and I said to myself How have I lived here all these years about about Those are done. That's how man And I went again this morning go out there to get my newspapers. They're like seven o'clock in the morning and it's just Suffocating right see the heat in Vegas for example is very intense you've been there It's 115 in the shade and don't give me the sound of the answer well it only feels like 112 It's hot, but it's not draining like this heat because here like yesterday it was like 92 when it said the heat And it's 104 sure feels like 175 in the shade. It's just drains humid and thick man pressure. It is so fresh Reconfect and heat too Well, listen we got the important stuff coming on like I said the local forecast throws me all the time because there's not never changes and they always say every day Low in your 80 how can the low be near 80 The highest roto every this week is like 73 75 70 so oh, I know it's a lot of going on it's up in Canadian too many Jews up there. I know too many Indians too many people seeking too many seeks And everybody look at that this weekend rain thunderstorms and wind but I guess they're anticipating the big blow from Francis When the one j's Came to see my husband conversation and told him that radio was becoming thing in America Oh hang out a second j in the coffee and that's definitely around them We have a monster of a storm brewing in the Atlanta here is a look at hurricane Francis still What the fucking massing sustained winds of 140 miles per hour? No doubt about it. It is going to affect the United States So we're going to go back As it moves off for the West Northwest 16 mile an hour We will continue to see it gain it's expected to gain strength He's carrying strength and bearing down now on the kicks and kickos and the southern Bahamas Hurricane warnings are out for all of these iron Marines that we will see the likelihood of hurricane force winds and probably well above hurricane force When the 11 next 20 11 11 Morning still great problem coast of the Dominican Republic as Francis is scurting the coast of the Dominican Republic. Let's have this right now So raises blowing and also rain falling will probably see at least three inches of rainfall along the coast of regions Perhaps more and of course the brunt of it being taken by the islands up toward the Bahamas Look at this visible satellite Yeah, look at it really get an idea Like a massive this hericated is very large That's 22 mile diameter eye on this thing and as it continues to move toward the West It's expected to impact the United States probably the coast of Florida by as early as tomorrow night I think every Is leaking no doubt Florida the southern coast of South Carolina Georgia coast with oh We're watching out making our plans now in case in the evacuation or what do I seven dead now in that version school of tax seven Go and check on your neighbors too. You know with Charlie a lot of folks said well, I had no place to go Make sure your neighbors have some where to go all right and do that now We're also watching my neighbors you're out of luck's here moving off the coast of Africa. This is state hell away I look at this now. He's showing another thing We don't see what I mean about the horseball job that they're doing That's not good. What kind of coverage was that all you just want them to be obsessed about our business? No, no, what did you just tell you this is a category for almost the maybe a five before you know it and then this guy's How can I say about Hurricane Howard? You know Everything is Howard Howard Stern Howard David and Howard Food Hurricane Howard Howard Hughes new movie coming up exactly with what's his name? Oh, you know something that is so ridiculous Leo Leo sure You know what that's like that would be like that would be like sliced the lone playing Albert Einstein I mean, it's just it's so ludicrous Leo the caprio is Howard Hughes Don't you see a lot of similarities? They're crazy in a good way years be like Michael Jackson playing Walter Mondale I mean You know something missing. He knows somebody seven people were killed as armed attackers termed a school in southern Russia Took at least under people hostage the Russian media we say now Children parents and teachers were headed heard into the schools they gathered for a ceremony marking the first their class The attack is issued demands to Russian authorities threaten the killed children Interfacts news agency said they were shooting at the time of the attack as well as afterward They said seven people were killed for wounded the attack which took place around one or clock in a morning our time At least 15 armed attackers rushed to school in town of Vesla and north of Stretty or Russia's federal security service said some reportedly were wearing Your explosive belts used in suicide bombings on a bomba grande man What are we gonna do about those bastards the chetions all of them? They know probably suicide the bomb and people know they don't mind They don't care about us. We're small potatoes. They got their own issues. They busy with that punting guy. Oh, I can't do it man I'll get upset. Oh, right. Look at all Vladimir Putin things How do you rate your derivative versus first term as president? I bet you this one's gonna get a few votes boys and girls 237 already and just like what he changed it about a half an hour less they're about 25 minutes It better be his last 141 that's how you read that one better be his last 141 disaster 58 well said especially for those people who are dead outstanding 14 week eight Mediocurs seven good five and okay Yeah, but wait yeah, but wait a second. Okay. That's the one four. Well, he want to say a few extra words He likes that right wing. Like I understand when thanks giving time for the little needs so right wing of the turkey No, that's the only one he nibbles us 567. Oh 560 pound 560 out of Verizon wireless and singular wireless line WQAM hello Okay, what a relief information to you how you get it to register vote yes Online you go to my medate back up website if you're in day county. Yes, all of I'm sure Brown has room They should do and just download the just print the forms out sign it if you register to vote before That does just put your driver's license number and send it in the mail to the supervisor election This is never register. I get to do is to let the form answer a copy of your ID and you don't have to go to any office You don't have to go there. You don't have to be 29 days before the election on the world So you're a time man plenty of time in Neil I thought I hated and culture, but this Michelle Malik character I'd like her so much How about Laura and Graham when you like to be here with the two by four? I like to beat Michelle Malik more how about for your sign the three of them up for you because you see now our new book She knows she's immigrant parents obviously. Yeah, she would have booked about saying how I internment of the Japanese And the Asians and during the great idea was a great idea And he's from you know she vagents the same time. I'm not going to turn her now. Maybe she could be an intern for the president Me and now she will she works for Fox. That's who's our point exactly. Okay, pal. Hey, hey, hey, I see you at the pool See if the old big pool in November, but we don't forget all you folks out there the darker the better Right, right? The darker complex of the more times you're eligible to vote if you're like his blackest cool You get to vote a whole bunch of time Make up her past injustices and for our fat ass line governor there. It'll stop for any roadblocks this time for our DBS fat ass governor. That's what I'm gonna start calling now our DBS fat ass governor who I have I still can't finger it out How any of you out there voted for this line this no good this miscreant this piece of turd man How is it possible you turt Only that explains It's the 12 to one hour on Q 8 You You You Over that getting ready for Francis in Miami people in a feeding prince either grab it all the water their schlepping all the batteries in the generators I'm getting that's it as a powerful hurricane My goodness man my my my See if we're mean like by tonight. We'll know a little bit more right when we wake up tomorrow We got all day tomorrow and Friday to right because Friday we might like feel a big blow You know, it's rain and whatnot Yeah, and a little whatnot. In fact, maybe we can get some whatnot over the weekend But in the meantime, you see how we're like on the on the cone there when a weather channel on their cone We're like about is at the ass end and on the Marty cone We used to be more like in the middle and now we're like on the ass end speaking of my cone and Most of the wider stuff is like for my would say about Palm Beach, I'm sorry Palm Beach County up like north right up to like rainfall and then of course, Georgia. I still I'm saying like Maybe a little south of Jacksonville Yeah up to South Carolina in that in that again I'm not basing that on any great knowledge But just the unwatching and listening and thinking and then the not getting hysterical not getting carried away Not wishing that it blows my anyway like that jackass there on a weather channel It's like poison that bald skinny bald god whatever his name is are you using a wiki board or a dividing ride both 560 50 50 pound 560 on the eight on the Verizon wireless And singular work. Well, we gotta get used to that. Okay, I need Verizon wireless and singular wireless 182 wireless all the yeah and that too. Yeah, well, how come that's not on here because AT&T is not an addition Well, maybe there's Verizon wireless. I don't know why they wrote it that way. He 18c's a free call Always has been let's say changed it. In other words, we we don't know pound five 60 for you phone people If it works it were I mean we're supposed to say that that's the deal like if the dimensions on there Right like singular wireless singular wireless. WQM WQM WG. You know You gotta say it a whole bunch of times over again. You gotta hear you to hold a man So you can like slow-given the minds there. That's silly S. John McLaughlin at the silly person over there on IOD that when I heard that this morning It kind of like blew me right away. That was just shocking by the way I've got an inside political story and proud caddy I'm debating in my mind whether I should tell a real story behind this story. I totally disoriented. I better not tell it. Okay Well, because I like the person involved Just pants align it and I once With that person couple of times WQM hello Yes, sir singular was a singular bought off AT&T. That's why you don't have it when you live. I see. Well, see leave it to the callers to give us all three now because our sales people They don't tell us anything except they're pissed off all the time That's all I wanted the same man. I wanted to say thank you. I think so on that was plenty that was more than enough That's right. What else so do we need you know? Leave it to the audience to fill in the blanks. In fact next time we start getting phone calls people want to know the phone number The address of our sponsors because we can't tell them because no matter how much I'm a big and paid the sales department Oh, just go on and that's again just making busy work So the callers can call and give the duration out because our sales department they just refuse to work You know like Todd Drak. He's in here today sucking around sucking around don't ever come back here I don't know that was a lot of work or I'll tell you exactly what you know I'll tell Greg exactly what you did say and that'll be the end of you. I don't care how much you're billin, okay? And also tell screw in what you said about those rodents How do you rate George W. Bush's first term as president? It better be his last See there's definitely a way to look at the way that you must pronounce it correctly. It better be his last 179 or we're gonna be pretty we're gonna be up Bushman's Creek 300 votes in like a little over half an hour Man I told you when they they they public I don't care what the pool say you solve and happen to Mary and elephant yesterday right right people are pissed off They're sick and tear to their vote not getting counted they're sick and tear to be incompetent of money disappearing of a total of crap Oh, I think it was a racial thing See there is one thing I would like to say to my dark and plugged in friends. I've said it many times before What was O. J no matter who a cool be whoever the hell it is every time a black person does something wrong Commit to crime or is incompetent in their job whatever it might be we've got a certain element of a Apologist out there a paranoid who oh, it's a racial thing if a white person done that and I don't know if we say nothing That's right like when Ted Bundy killed all and people nobody said nothing right right. He was a white guy When John Wayne Gacy killed all employees nobody said nothing right. He was a white guy What David Berkowitz that old son of a bitch sanded to nobody said nothing a white guy right to the Green Mountain the River or whatever his name was killer Oh, he was a thick one it was just name I don't know the Green River killer He was what the was his name. I don't know let's say he was a stick just for a pretty sure he was well They got to have somebody sure nobody said that right nobody saying about that But when O. J did it was a racial thing in the same area I would fit you people. I mean All she's got to do is have like a sign on her forehead. It's as bozo in common in common in bozo That it's all so the public was pissed off about that Teresa LaForef they're in Palm Beach County man They wrote her ass right out on our rail and rightfully so bye bye Teresa You bitch you absolute incompetent in the end of all where you take your butterfly ballot and Nice going Sally right and Who else and mayor Alex penis bikini? Oh, how sweet it is to say Finally once and for all by my way God gives me sexual excitement Thinking about that little lion dvs piece of crap Let's see it says you know feel is still a liberal democratic separas could spend dealing with terrorism bushes despise by Phil. Oh, yeah Huh right Whatever you say What a fancy that right like we don't have ears. He's been sucking up so hard that it's his lips are inverted now What does that have to do with terrorism like pushes when something about terror? No, he said make it a word all this He is though He's created a lot of it there and Iraq they didn't have any of us right we went and know with that Iraq attack And he made a poem lies you got colon powder lie through his teeth You know colon powder when we're talking about the new kind right a Gestapo that colon pal the one who totally sold out But that's right that must be a racial saying to but he ain't dark enough 5670560 pound five 60 on the Verizon wireless and singular wireless lines W2A and hello Yes, sir that Your thing was called brida if somebody didn't call that or right that's a right. It's a very inexpensive plastic picture thing That's a water purifier. We have a divided seers any place the wall greens and then that's all you need to have to go by expensive Bible water and this you know and making an answer yourself in a supermarket Hey, can you play an old Jewish man named Isaac? Yeah, we're a fat chance. Yeah Oh, yeah, fat chance. He's talking about the Think about it. He says MS We can't play that are you crazy? I think it might be safe the eyes and alarm right you're crazy While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death the one thing you have to depend on is your car With two canoe festons arrived Maybe we can play who brought you a big black guy named Ben Car alarm Resell bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac get away from my affordable The old you big and the app Remember when we used to boost him back at Carabee Yeah, I have me on again a month of the day Hey, wait what's it cool? Get away from my affordable The old you big and the app How is that I have sex seriously Oh The fat is like that The way from my affordable The old you big and the app The way my affordable the old you Fake it and the app When does it some test tries to see a my car? I feel safe everything old Jewish guy named Isaac get away from my affordable the You big and the app get your old Jewish guy named Isaac car alarm now and receive a free flower antenna Get away from my affordable You big and the app and old Jewish guy named Isaac on alarm I will be able to do all zeros toys Oh my god that was the greatest call of the century because he finally found a bit of a little boy What the fuck is this? Oh It's day Oh, you Miami child But you have five six oh WQA I'm listening I'm a don or Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan I'm a don or Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan It seems a lot to me Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan I'm the only one who can wear it I'm a don or Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan I'm a don or Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan I pray for the pain through the two feet And you will say I will be just said Have you passed by In the sky On your next life I want you to die today I'm a don or Ramadan Ramadan I'm a don or Ramadan Ramadan I'm a don or Ramadan Ramadan I'm a don or Ramadan Ramadan Thank you I'm 170 I am a don or Ramadan Thank all of your friends I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. Thank God that the Jews and Christians don't kill people. Right? Right. Because that would be bad. Man charged with stalking of a Levine. And I love a little of it. Yeah, she's cutesy. Yes, she is. And she's great. Yes, she is. You're new video? Yes, I have an impact. I don't know. But it's good. Anateen. She's good. No. She's Canadian. A lot of other people don't know that. I don't know. You do. I've talked about that a million times. All the good RTs are Canadian and Marie. That's the lead. Well, listen. Nobody's a perfect one. Okay. So we got some heavy baggage up there. At least we got Frank Mahavoloch. Man charged with stalking of a Levine. A 30 year old man, how old was he? God, third man. From Washington was charged with stalking Canadian singer of a Levine after making repeated attempts to contact her and traveling to her parents' home at Ontario local authorities be saying, James, speedy. Of Lindwood, a Seattle suburb said to her lawyer that while he was a big fan of the 19 year old rock singer, he didn't stalk her. I question whether this is a stalking case at Wayne Frickie, speedy's lawyer. I don't think there's a situation you have here of that thing. All of these things. Speedy was arrested in April just before Levine was scheduled to give her free concert at a Seattle area shopping mall and told police he had sent emails and gifts to Levine her family and managers. It was released on bail at the time it was formally charged late Friday. Then when police said last week. Speedy traveled to Napini on Terry Olast year where he was arrested told to leave Canada and not return within a year, according to Kennedy News reports. Levine, they already got it. We know all that. How do you like that? And more bad news. For one of our favorite people, Charlize the wrong. You saw that right? No. Didn't see it? No. Perth. While shooting a stun scene. Well, not really like real bad. Although we don't really know because they're not saying, ask her winning actress Charlize the wrong was injured while shooting her new paramount film, Aeon Flux in Germany. There representatives aren't saying how badly she was hurt. I think we just a little scratch. Just hold the actress surface wound. Just kind of like to let a carry head and Vietnam, you know. We're here running in little band-aids or handing out to your public convention. All those people think, oh, it's so cute. So funny. We didn't see him bleeding. We didn't see him. We didn't see him. Hospital. All those guys. We didn't see any blood just those three missing limbs. Where there were words. Right. Therons or we saw Bob Dole's right hand. In fact, yes. Here's my Bob Dole imitation. We're running hand. Oh, here's my Bob Dole imitation. I got my pen stuck in my hand there. He likes sticking it in there. And the pen, too. And that's why he's the destruction for a Viagra now. He likes the pen. He does. Therons cover the unspecified interview by doing your own stunts in a wire hanging sequence. The movie's publicist John Marie Carasco told the AP yesterday. No cuts. No broken bones. I think it was something less tangible than that. Something vague and nagging. Like little hang meal. Something bad. No one else was hurt. Filming in Berlin has been halted for several weeks to allow her to be. Now if it was like something very minor would you halt to film me for several weeks. Knowing how much money goes in those things? No. They're just not saying it wasn't not a thing to be with Rukarscript changes. Or when will we resume production? She was not hospitalized. She did sustain an injury on a set. It's a very physically demanding role set through on publicist Amanda Silverman. Oh, I see what I mean. Those Jews are everywhere man. We're everywhere. No matter where you look, there's another one of us just lurking just waiting to mess with your life. Like that Ben Ginsburg. How do you like that? The bush learned that had a reason because he was busy advising the. He takes his lying veteran not so swift for veterans. I have nothing to do with those people. Yeah, right. Right. That's right. Everybody from there. Just one of them 527 groups off in the runway. I don't know even though Ben Ginsburg was approving the scripts of those commercials. To try to be famed on Kerry and take a decorated warrior hero and make him into kind of. And the care of people just don't know how to respond. I'm still saying man. It's not too late. I know. Who? Who? Let's scratch it out and get the real candidate on there. Yeah. Yeah. Somebody's not going to take any crap. Who's going to not pull any punches. That's exactly. He'd be 20 points ahead right now. You're a damn T at that right now. If he weren't such a whip. We know Julie. Leave her man was a whip. Right. We knew Michael Ducacau was a whip. We knew Bush one was a whip. And now we got. John Kerry is the one we need to do in the goose him up a little bit. Maybe he could be the campaign manager. Who? Dean. No, Kerry can be the campaign manager. Dean can be the candidate. I'll take it. Somebody that's really going to tell it like it is. And that Tom reached and put you leave remaining in a closet and a broom closet somewhere with this lock. This isn't his Yarmelka. That's right. Time up with a towelist would be good. Yeah. Just time up with a towelist. It's going to broom closet. They don't get for you. Until. Until. Not that. I take that back. So this is before the election until a Hanukkah. Have they made a Yarmelka with a ox? The acidic portal yet. I bet you. Ryan Jeremy has. I think Gary S. Arna was in it. I started writing it. I saw in this morning he looked for the graphic to me. He just. Oh man. He is so Jewish. God. Anyway, that's pulling looking to the for W. I think it's going to be a big surprise. I think Kerry's going to win Florida and spite of his aneptitude. And I think you're going to see because he's famous for doing is he like kind of fumbles alive and then like he did nioa. Same thing in the primary. And then when he at least expected all of a sudden he comes out with guns blazing and he just the kick serious ass. Taking no prisoners man. Right. And I you know what I want to say. Bob Dole and John Kerry. I mean and the shaman him to tell the. John McCain. Right. Right. Right. He came on veterans. What did this. Okay. Selling out for their party. He's selling out for the bush mice here. And John McCain haven't been smeared for years ago. But it's a thing. But it's a bunch of Nazis haven't been. Some are here. I mean, who was a POW. W. A great war hero. A POW. W. B. And then they made up of those all the those full craft stories. On freaking believable because it just goes to show everybody's got a price I think they've all sold out. Uh-huh. Well, we know the media sold out. We offer example of certain right wing websites showing this fight. He would never find the public unless of course the price was right, unless Richard Melon Schaf was like funding all that right wing propaganda is put on there. About John Kerry and his girlfriend. The end of that wouldn't fly. Well, how about to carry's got that mask of uh the monster? whatever he puts on there, you know, it's all pre-programmed because everybody's got a price. Even George said for a few bucks. I'm 30, man. I say whatever you want. We need Howard Dean. We're going to South Carolina. I don't know, Oklahoma. We need Arizona. And North Dakota. And New Mexico. We're going to California. And Texas. Wait a minute. We're going to South Dakota. And Oregon. And Washington. And Michigan. Hang on a second. I will not deviating much from that course there as Francis continued. Francis continues to the next way. So that's the one. He's here for Nathan. How's it going? Wasn't a half-down. Or 255 miles east out. You liar. You know, it's only very close view here showing the eye of the hurricane. These are the southernmost Bahama area back over toward the Turks. The K-Cos. The first of the islands to feel the effect of hurricane Francis. Of course we'll keep you updated. So I mean, they just went here. They never browned this guy to the coast. The weatherwimp. We got the weather theory. The weatherwimp. And of course we got. And then we're going to Washington. See it. It's like the light house. There we go. We got Howard Dean. The human screaming machine. 567. Oh, that's 60. Poor Auburn Levine man. She's great. She's one of the bright lights. Yeah. Yes, she is. I say Auburn Levine for our president. Okay. And Carson daily for the casket. A tisket, a tisket. I'll pop him in the casket. Hey, Tim. Yeah. Everyone does. Yeah. And he makes a folley stories. He's doing this one. That mousey little one. Christina Aguilera. He ain't doing anybody. And even with him himself. Yeah. I hear when he takes it out. It like pops right back in automatic. Yeah. And hates him. It's an any. Yeah. That's right. 5. Come on. Let's get these phones. Really. Pullman here man. Before you run out of water. And quit. I like a bunch of lunatics. Okay. I know it's not going to do any good. It's not going to do any good. It's not there. But you just, it's so embarrassing. And they're all running and rushing and they got the carts in. They got jinns of gallons of water. And it got 85,000 batteries and 42 flashlights and 150 generators. They're all, well, I just relax. Relax. And like I said yesterday, if they wouldn't be behaving like this, you wouldn't have all the empty shelves. Right. A lot of canned pizzas man. They don't keep you close to home. And maybe if you prunes to a big boy. Huh? They last a long time. Yeah. They last almost forever. How many QAM hello? You. Yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. Good. I'm not old, Mama. What's that guy named? Barack Obama. He's the a hit a man. He's pretty good. Yeah. If I have my choice, that's the last thing. Okay. I'm picking him too. I'll take him right now. Barack and the Hillary is my team. I like that. Howard Dean Secretary of Screaman. What's that there? Is that a pizza? Oh, it's just a curtain. I thought for sure. I had a pizza in box. Ah, come on. Box in the box. Runs address. Oh yeah. By the way, I should mention that. Hey, Ron. Hi. Hi. Please. Hi. We found that George haven't been going to a bunch of stuff. Crazy. We thought all of that stuff. I did hear that. I told him. I told him. I told him. I told him. I told him. I told him. I told him. I told him. I told him. There you go. Hey. Put in the address. I just pair. We don't want to hear from you. Ron, OK, let me make it very, very clear. I'll spell it out on the event. I've 12.25 on Wednesday, September 1, 2004. Your calls are uninvited on this show. We don't mind a lot of the other goofballs out there because at least they might be amusing, but you are unacceptable. You're a piece of turd. We don't want to know from you. So find another hobby. OK, call off, Frank and he's the health. Oh, god. Frank and he's baking. He's pretty exciting. And he went nuts with the Republican. Republican Congress mayor, whoever had a war summer porter at the convention last night and he got his dandered up and got really upset out fracking. I haven't heard that I'm gonna have to listen to that. Oh, that bitch you keep telling me that why need brought these got on with him. answering the name for. Doesn't he line up all by himself? Oh, she thinks I'll do. Wow. What that's quite an accomplishment. More gentle. Oh, just right on the way hold there. Don't forget to speak in a book. You book guys out there. Join George in Book of Brian and Miguel today for happy hour. 527 of the Treasure Island right off the palm of the net or just north of the 120 seconds to eat. We'll be happy. When prizes and check out this week's feature, Chonajation. See, she's gonna show it to you. She's like Polynesian of some kind. Yeah. And she does all these interesting things without any clothes on. Well, I'll be there. Gymnastic things. Huh. We know clothes on. Like favorite Olympic event. I think your family is gonna be there. Oh, that's why I can't play anymore, can I? No, I don't think so. No, I'm gonna fix that one up. Yeah. If I could figure out that fix up building. And let me ask you something. Why can't I watch other stuff and think about this for about two seconds and he'll do us his no. Gills cigar in Monica's vagina. Right. Wrong with that bit. I don't think they're in. I think I'm playing it. I think it's clean. There's nothing wrong with vagina. If it's clean. If there're plastic. If it's clean, there's nothing wrong withIO ravine. If hell it can. Oh, we'll survive until six or seven turns overnight. All men deny it, if they deny it. You can. I cry. Happy. That's making me want to know. Please, don't party me. Off you go. Oh, I can't believe it. You can't married. Yeah, that's why you're invited to get a doctor. Well, he's coming. Yes I will. Well, he's coming. I can't do it. Yeah. Oh, yes. Hotkey guy. Hello. Let's out a gigo When he makes a wiggle Monaco is not the guy you can do in the But a cigar in her vagina she's all mine Where they don't know where a stove he goes I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human or I have no one And in Arkansas the term Cedar Box means Southern Big Ed The blue stars reportedly to go in line I'm listening Half-late-dany was working hard late nights in the Overreofest working on a practical job Each of them has a new role For an exploding Loading The manacur was blowing rings a snow Pills the cars in Monaco's vagina She left out a gigo Every time he makes a wiggle Monaco is not the guy you can do in the But a cigar in her vagina she's all mine All people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of By her husband Feel that Hillary was wrong A family in bedroom She was moaning Moaning out all her was killing her with bills old bond Oh Bills the cars in Monaco's vagina Oh, crap She left out a gigo Every brigands I mean makes a wiggle Monaco is not the guy you can do in the behind Thought a cigar in her vagina she's all mine More candy and cinnamon Yeah just master is faster Oh yeah What's your got to do is take a sip of real Oh yeah Oh yeah This is the same thing happened with Hugo I'm watching this jackass on the weather channel here And they showed that thing again You can see this visibly In a very short geographical space there You can see the thing moving to the northwest And dramatically more to the northwest Like in the last 12 hours Yeah And it's kind of a lot better be better but See but that takes away all our fun you know That's right And then look at all the people that will be returning stuff to home Depot next week And try to return bottle water Partially drunk drank from Public next week Yeah don't be taking open bottles of water back It's not a good idea okay Did we still find out anything about the Marlin double head Are we going to get us the cubs on Friday that we're hoping and praying happens No no They're probably going to wait till tomorrow to see how the crow flies He flies that way Oh yeah that's why he smells like that He picks it up up there in the ether How do you rate George W Bush's first term as president is our pull Quest that our second pull the first one we asked two people We're listening to before the show today And Howard Stern one I wish we were static about that Makes Greg look like a genius right And that's quite an accomplishment And Joe rose them pretty them good nice calling Joe and Zack Two good guys man we must em badly Although You know everything there has got its good points in its bad points right it was nice to have them here This was very close to the house without Zack here though We get the how he's loves us. Yeah they do see we like you a lot Zach and we miss you, but we get all our house we want without your fan asked And in addition which is a lot more food for all rest of us without two here So enjoy your crispy no enjoy your crispy creams, but good luck to you But not they sounded pretty good never over there on 790 ESPN the ticket I guess the call of his there's still waxy I would assume I don't know But I thought they were going to change them they are to what I hear the continued J. Okay, Jack radio Or is that joke radio? I don't know well the one there at 1400 that's what we need is a whole bunch more sports stations man But for the M.S.R.D. and Barry Jackass will have something to get excited about and the Harold can put big things like they had this morning What are very own dandelivacitor beyond everyone along on here just to say hello who's a professional cube and makes Miguel look like an anti-cubing guy He really does Oh, was the Cubans one of world series we won and not the Marlins That was the worst column in the history of of this market it was that was the most interesting and embarrassing and humiliating and degrading crap because leave on an end I guess leave on also Did everything else to we feel that all nine positions he did all the hitting he drove an all runs in that game right you idiot You dandelivacitor the wonder Greg Kotex gets paid the hate you and he's another moron What is it about the Harold man? They got that bunch of stuffy as nerds that work on id why it fits in it's perfect Idiot pope I shouldn't say that because if the hump becomes back when he hoped he does easy type with any depot Well, that's because they both are round long time. You know they try the same circles eat a lot of free food in the same tense Anyway, how do you rate your ads double your bushes first term as presidents are poll question 426 votes and just over an hour Are you hearing that I heard it in just over an hour and you want to know why because they're pissed off and fired up We're just like they were to resell up for and they were at what's your name they are myrium elephant and of course It Alex penis pecania with his measly beastly 10% of the world, but that's embarrassing wouldn't you be degraded and humiliated? I'd leave tell even that Peter Doits kicked his ass even that shurl looking Peter Doits kicked his ass So buddy, cancer is gonna kick mel martinas right good We hope she better. I'm worried about that Martinez factor though anybody that ends in easy, you know right as Martinez That's not as That's okay. Yeah It better be his last 246 in the bush term Disaster 104, but that's an understanding and a a mitigated disaster outstanding 31 right you should live so long good 19 week 13 Me the ochre 13 and okay Okay 6. Oh, yeah, Phil's only right wing know what it's convenient experience. I mean he's in one sin while That fact was so ludicrous man. I'm embarrassed for you. W to Q a and hello Yeah, the worst for the president the word Okay, how about the worst ever We had a y'all as that ever worst ever. You have to put president worst do-for worst do-for-sever We've had a few do-faces. We had jury for it. He was a do-fist couldn't walk in two gum at the same time and his That's why his wife was breaking the Huh, I think I was ready for it. I put up that clinic although he was a genius Compared of what we got now. Yeah. No, no He was the one that said that Polan wasn't they whatever? I see it wasn't nearly as they all right least he knew the name of the cartoon was Poland He could pronounce it right Well, that that general fellow there in Pakistan remember we see this guy I mean they had the whole thing rigged even before we voted they had a rigged forget about counting votes and the chads and that they had a rigged ahead of time Because that interview that he did where he taught he couldn't even name He couldn't nobody nobody you know I guess when you spend most of your adult life, you know incoherent crawling around on the floor Drunk maybe the sniffed a little a sniffed a little like whatever it is Oh, he just saw us I guess Maybe it kind of affects your brain if you ever had one and it's just the American public just astonished me But I still said that Democratic Party takes the blame right now for not being 20 points ahead All they had to do was run with a man. They had the mole they had the mole meant to man And what do they do they drop the ball just like any Olympics just like that Canadian runner Oh, you should have seen them up there that day. Remember once you well you probably will pay attention I'll go to the Canadian runner that ran into the the hurdle and fell and knocked the Russian girl down to see I'm like she was like somewhere in the islands, so it serves her right But he hit all man they were go boy. It was like the end of the world. Really Yeah And the Democrats said the same thing they hit the hurdle and just Prophevels at the same time you guys better butcher up a little bit of he used to got plenty of time You got septembery you got October huh? And then we got a couple days of remember we got over two months to go to finally wake them up and butcher them up while Laura bushes on there Inconing for the public about her wonderful husband and how he's the same group more on now that he was when she married him except he sobered up a little bit Just a little just a little bit and Whereas Lori Flint would at damn story with that video. That's what we need that would ever Larry Yeah, come on Larry but you're a little bit okay jump off out of that chair We only had those stem cells man. Larry Flint could be running around right now screaming about that broad that bush knocked up in Texas And that they that he drove right to the abortion clinic How do you think to write to life as what like that and you'll notice that the right wingers have turned on rush I'm convinced that it's you could have been just in the last book He's dropping the faster than a rock a hunt from the top of the Chrysler building. He's dropping It'll tighten them Jill. They don't kind of them phony pill poppin junkies who are busy point They're finger to everybody else and then all the drug people ought to be in jail While he's running around with Roy Black trying to keep his ass lately white and clean He has back pain. Yeah, he's back pain. He wouldn't do no doctor shop and that fat life pill poppin rush or anything like that It's game some time Yeah, they just gave me some strong enough. Maybe I could listen to you on this engine In about women Oh, I was young and irresponsible once but never got high I may have seen a joint or two but I never got high Sure me I'm a college buddies did eight ball lines But hey, I never got high never got high never got high He touched alcohol before but I never got high I might have stumbled and fell on the floor, but not because I was high I'm planning to say it in the record of my past of the U.R But hey, hey, I never got high never got high never got high I know what no one is so I never got high This president has seen the dangers of hot, so I never got high In fact, I personally witnessed a seed pop right in my eye But hey, hey, I never got high Never got high Sure, we believe we like One is five sixty Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog at two and then we got more Howard David it which who knows how many shows he's got left Lotus fillin for the homper I'm what he's at the hard drive. Oh, he'll be at the heart. Oh, I'm glad you mentioned that That's an interesting I heard him say that yesterday when he was coming around with done no Probably the most embarrassing two minutes I've ever heard my life on here. It made the big O sound good Oh and again probably somebody else's fault always is Course it is yeah was my she's fault whatever's produces name guys. He's a great guy. I know that. I know shy. Yeah. Yeah Who never got high? But the deal is easy that the seminal hard rock has seen what they're doing at show for the suspended vacationing hangover Who might be back tomorrow or may not whether depending but I keep trying to fight out. I'm not I was gonna go there the other day and then take a look for myself But I'm not I'm gonna waste my time they don't have real sloth machines Yeah It would be like if you went to treasure island and they had like blow up dolls and I like real women Which for some people around here that might be enough but You want to say Oh, they do have blow up dolls. Yeah. That's a good idea I see no, I'm not talking well. I'm not moving in that direction trust me when I tell you But anyway, you know what I'm saying it's like make believe okay and nobody can explain to me How do you make please slot machines work at the I don't get it though you know I don't I mean you're gonna have to go there and find out I'm not oh you're been having what you're saying that You know Oh, yeah, I'm plenty of you hundred done a couple thousand and some make believe crap something erasots Somebody will call an explain it to in a way. I mean fat rich called in their last Thursday at the end of the show Yeah, I still have no idea what he's talking about and by the way rich You don't look too a salad for our Friday night of the track this week Wouldn't that be a shame? Hey, Rayner stars like that riddles like that guy that was all better to shit about the football game I get postponed same thing would go into popular park man. Would that be a shame? If we have to like post-bone racing this weekend because we have an climate weather because we have 150 40 mile hour winds or something like that. I don't think we're getting it. I mean, yeah That's just me thinking don't do that there's nothing scientific that's not what anybody else is saying That's just me thinking about it and you all in a policy of the audience for not correct them because I'm old and people You're saying because I said it was here. Carrer can you go that was an assier. I don't remember that. I was working Floyd. Oh, yeah Yeah, yeah, like five years ago 99 You're sitting right here, huh and mirror penis per can you was going on by me, but it is holding press conferences And all sunshine was screaming and chastising everybody else because they're reading his three food Floyd, why hate that else sunshine? What are jackass? I'm more on WQA M hello. Yeah, I just wanted to say that No matter how it was gonna say great call by That's a bad We've had worse that's called the seller. WQA M hello Hey, no, I what point here can link it? That's the best WQA M hello Welcome you all are you okay? He George does do a great job when you're gone. Yes, he is. Yeah, yeah, I was catching part of the overall racist The Republican convention last night on old was speaking. Yeah, and he was using terms like the Republicans They're gonna terminate. Yeah, I saw the clip. They're gonna terminate that were resentment all these other stupid things We're not we're not girly men on the economy right in a All this I was tuning in earlier. You're gonna make you embarrassed to be an emotion That's that really does I was tuning in earlier and you were gonna give your personal opinion on that hurricane and I didn't hear it Anyway, you could do it again. I just got to your same. We're not gonna get it I think it's gonna hit like somewhere between like Revard County up to either Jacksonville or the you know that little piece of Georgia They were along the coast between Jacksonville and South Carolina That's just my own opinion like North Florida. Let's say I live in Vero so I'm a I'm in a planet quarterly. Thank you very much I'll see you in myriad of baby. You're lucky in my myriad of I don't know to my dog you said it lantern And so then is where the big city I can take in that little and planes and peanuts and entry entry Hey, why but the bees these are gonna be hiding out from her They just had a whole Charlie thing over there in a West Coast. See we're lucky over here The last good scare we had on this coast was Floyd right and they and she's and somebody Thank you very much by the way for fact to me this somebody has facts the tracking a map of Floyd and It was very very similar to what we see now a little bit north of where this one was It wasn't quite so close to Puerto Rico or La Vey public had a mini-cana And then why do they see that why don't they just say his fan yola? Why are the Haitians? I mean you just leave in them out? Yeah In other words the Haitians don't count anymore anymore, it was a live here. Oh, they never did Is what I see well, that's because they stopped going to baseball's height enough. Are they started saw them too tight? But at any rate, so Hurricane Floyd was going on a similar track a little bit further than north and then it got Well, actually what it got to the Bahamas was pretty much where this Francis is now Like over like NASA there For the big blow. Oh, it's bigger than they blow and that it seemed a light-facing hair from Miami Beach Of course Mr Fisher was always looking for something to publicize his Miami Beach And so he took to the idea and He said all right I'll build you in Ireland and you can put a radio station there and Okay, let's see I'll name the island for John Levi will call John's island and And he said What do you want to call your radio station and web said? Well, I don't know but I've always thought that Miami Beach was a wonderful aisle of dreams And I has been said that's the name W I O D W I O D or I hate that station Then it was the station was moved over to Miami and I remember that it was the year of the big blow Oh, no, you hear what that mighty boss said? Well, beautiful tower with blown off. Oh, team came on you W I O D has been one of these landmarks. Oh, yeah That's why they can't try to make it that power now Anyway, that was the infrastructure talking about the big blow 26 so anyway the tracking of Oh, from Floyd and it got the and they had everybody in a panic here and it got over to the bomb Is there an all of a sudden made that right turn up there? But they still aren't telling us anything here all the advisory what's going on right now? Hurricane watches and warnings at this point We have hurricane watches now issued for the northwest Bahamas more than South there Same zoo we also have quite a few classical storm warnings those are situated a little bit farther south It can show you where those are too That toward the north coast of the Dominican Republic so that's how franken I'm telling without the glasses right now No, it's such board like I'm defining all the reparations in the South Asian war Francis arrives Here's picture out the rims these are the windfields here. The thickness of the guy that's advising Kiri all the red Telling us where the difference strengths of the winds are winning doubt just went down the core that's the 115 mile prowess associated with the eyewall Those are the category three or stronger winds with the hurricane here's the satellite photograph on a very steady cord right here You need the eye of the hurricane What is probably happening right now? Tell me a little bit of an eyewall replace you see that north west that movie It was the same thing with my eye smaller eyes you'll get that a fan of heavy thunderstorms around that I Wall that Sometimes we'll get concentric eyes to them actually and when they go through these different phases I know the barber bush has considered Marty building eyes slightly and then when it gets organized again It makes strength and more so we'll go through some little fluctuations if this point it appears at the strongest of the winds and The heaviest of the rain on the south semi circle of the hurricane although it is actually fairly symmetrical system Here's a look at the visible satellite picture my own opinion is going to do a hurricane fluid If I opinion now they would tell us about that high that we've heard so much about a bunch of high and Do whether it's like moving a little bit whether it's weakening the other one has behind it that's on its behind Oh, right, you know, we have a little opportunity to figure it out But they don't want us to figure it out for ourselves Frank and Melbourne says heard you talking about mechanic carries work record. I used to have some respect for McCain, but don't call him over here Oh, that cheapens the term hero. He's known for being a POWW prisoner of war all that shows that while flying his fighter He's dig when he should have zagged as for carries purple arts I find a friend of the carry makes war of the three purple arts in his bronze star and his elisence in silver star yati adiati Karina's reticence dimension is hard decoration acting like a typical Tasseter and Yankee carry refuses to blow his own horn Well, maybe he's not like Ron Jeremy and he double-join it compared to W who can't think of any mistakes He's made but the purple arts are questioned by W Cheney and roll three guys They couldn't find a business end of a gun why not ask why W skipped his eyes physical with the Texas air national guard It was more than that I test he had to give a blood and urine for a drug test That's why he skipped the test sounds like a wiki Williams to me Ever see Ricky Williams and W together. They both have the same W there don't they and you did During those 40 years that we don't talk about those drunken coke out years that really formed W is like a character Don't mention that W told us not to but we can examine every detail a carries like there in those same Format of years and criticizing ripman ass what issues? There are no issues just eight in tolerance and lies W's lies is frank I noticed that the Texas air national guard is tang wonder of W thought he would find Oh, no What a great fact from frank in Melbourne I'd never ate that door but up. Okay You are listening to Neil Roger. It's the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon Goodbye to resale aboard Oh We can count on lucky Chad You know that no job no more guessed that This COME Oh, she's finally here now! Looks like this place goes down. Now's from the tiny gold mall. Barbara Bush and Bonnie Bell and I will otherwise not bow. Get back with my key in the line. She raised more grip than a cloud. Barbara Bush has already bowed in line. The key in the back is holding crab meat. And she rides for five six times a day. She controls him when she comes back to my day while she's dead. One more bite. What's like he's carrying a holy bullet between her body and hand. Bonnie Bell and I. She's having me to talk. I think she's always surprised. Did we go my key? What? Barbara Bush and Bonnie Bell and I. We never should point and get pushed. I can't stand to fail in public life. We'll be rich in fat. And now, since my self-conscious thoughts are nothing but that. Barbara Bush, we can't lose time. It's for time. I'm a sad game. But it's finally time. One, four, five, sixty, W.M. Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog at two. How's that Marlon Devil had her coming from Friday? I say, let's do it. Let's play five. Here's the pool. How do you rate George W. Bush's first term as president? 531 votes in an hour and a half. But these people are. See, that's one thing that they're underestimating. They're just posters and these pundits. People in Florida are pissed off and fired up, man. We started yesterday. I think turn out, but if the ones that did show up, they said, by by it all they possibly do. It better be as last. 290, meaning this term. Disaster, 119, outstanding 40. Good, 27. Week 17, mediocre 15, the worst ever 14, and okay, nine. So far. 567, look at that full amount. They whipped up to a frenzy butter and what? So open. Something. No, they're right at the bed right now. They're crawling over there. They got their bottles and their plywood and all of the good stuff. I don't think we're getting it. No, I don't think so. Don't you see what I'm seeing on my thing every time. Show it. But they don't want to talk about that because it takes all the fun away. What if people die? Oh, and look at this. Your anti-avarist subscription service is expired. Yeah. Yeah, we knew later. Get off of my face. Boy, at home, I'm getting so many pop ups. It's like, yeah, unbelievable. Are you? No, not me, Earthlink. Well, that's right. You got Earthlink. Well, we don't have Earthlink here. We're not getting them. But if the house man, I got a pop-up solve over the workplace, even in the toaster. Hundreds of powerful computers at the Defense Department in the US Senate were hijacked by hackers who used them to send email federal authorities say. That's reassuring it. The use of government computers was uncover during the Justice Department's Cybercrime Crackdown. It adds another rinkl to the use of so-called zombie PCs, with number of an millions and a be-devil customers and universities in the past year. Hackers gained secret control of the computers by sending email viruses and worms, or by planning software code on websites. Don't forget to take your worm or treasure island this afternoon between 5 and 7. The takeover of government computers is part of a bounty of evidence of new online schemes that could lead to more bust under the crackdowns as Dan Larkin, the United States and the Internet Crime Complaints Center, a 30-year-old processor repairing the government computers. I don't want to get anybody nervous, but just wait to let G-Hod that the E-Hod, the E-Hod. You're going to be saying, we like the witch doctor, remember that David Sivil? U-I, B-K-Tang, we call it a lot of other words. Ding, ding, dong. Okay, say that. Somebody to Q-A-M, hello. Hello, hello. Sir, live any records, yes. Do you remember what the catchphrases for? I didn't get a 40 run as a DNA. How big are you for? Do you remember what the catchphrases for 640 DNA? I never heard of Dmitry Jen and Rui Kiri, they're okay, we're not interested. Another video group for you, another one of those is that people that doesn't get out of the house too much, it doesn't leave Mama's side. Don't forget to run back on a way out buried. It was very jackass, I'm almost positive. Why not sound it just like him? Maybe a little bit too articulate. W-Q-A-M, hello. Then Kate, I'm wondering, I got a catchphrase on Saturday. I mean, do you think I'm going to catch it and also... I think you can catch a cold, is what I think, okay, pal. That's my own personal guess, is that you probably couldn't catch a cold. At Mount Sinai. 560, 560, 560 in the middle of the Influenza Ward. God, what a bunch of losers we got, huh? Line 9, first time today, I believe Q-A-M, hello. Please take my Jeep. What was it? What? Where'd he go? What did he say? I don't know. Mr. Callback again, okay, call on the Al Franken Show. I bet you could use your call. Probably spice it up a little bit. W-Q-A-M, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Me, no. Yeah. I think George Bush shouldn't even have been in the office, and I think we should run cabbers out of the governor for a hand in the direction to him. Yeah. Well, let me get this question, sir. Since George W Bush was supposedly elected, since they stole the election in 2000, wasn't there a governor, a governor, a governor, a nation of two, and a new one, when he gets a bill, McBride? Well, what happened, sir? What happened with that fat ass, dvs line, governor, you got, you voted in my back in there again, Bozo? I don't mean him specifically. I always sound like a Bozo to me. Sounds like one of those housebound people that's certain has all the time on, making fun of trying to get a date. You know, people like that. You have just liked that. Yeah, exactly like that. You can go far on that show and surprise the hasn't already moved to the area. You want to get yourself laid, governor, there you go. Get on the steering show. We'll send it up for you. We'll have Bob Abu, we come and call your ass out. About it. Eight minutes after one at five, 60, the oven at your QAM. Hey, when you're moving a renovating, that's the best time to pick up your instrument and make that one easy call, one even at 100 meters. Make that first night in your dream house, heavily with a brand new top-quality brand name mattress from dollar mattress. I've been using these folks for years and it's a piece of cake. You picked the eight and top for delivery to fit your move in schedule. You picked it to our window and dollar mattress will be there. There are on time 99.7% of the time. Nobody's got a better selection either of Queen and King size mattress. That's ready for immediate delivery than dollar mattress at unbeatable prices too. When you call 1-800 mattress right now, you get the top name brand mattress at an unbeatable discount price. Dollar mattress still right number one in customer satisfaction. There were wonders of the 2004 Better Business Bureau local Torch of Excellence Award. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll pick from the complete line of the top names in the universe. They got them all silly. Sort of King Quill Simmons temper-peating even, Stearns and Foster Hewitt. All the smart folks here at QM have been using these people including yours truly for a long time. And next time your mattress is at it, you ought to be making that same call. You didn't check them on a web if you'd like a mattress.com Or if you want to guarantee yourself a great night sleep for years to come, or if you got a college student you're sending off to college and want to get him a great mattress too. Or her or it just make that same call. 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTRES Tempered by our Stirnilton were operation or lower range of ER videos. With more of our homes exposed for my office. ihnen keep it anywhere. 1-600-MATTRES The issue was... The quality is... care the body, hear it and go back on the laundry... Her lifetime can be Fitness Championships for hours. We would break the palace, see, shielded, won't be coming for me. So I went to the Nazi party, convention hailed in the Empire State. For none of them think the soldiers get their hands as shame, and dance on the brave of me, didn't mine call to now. No bloody The entertainment that the Nazi party was appropriate the Christian and white. There was name it, you'd be clear channel the group league ringland until the green teeth keys are watching. And he said, well, the good thing is he changes mine. He said, I'm the today's show, I'll present and say, you can't win that war on terror. It's just unwindable. And then somebody said, that's probably not a good thing to say, I didn't mean that. And so he's making a rounds man. He called it on rust, speaking of pill pop and rush. Called it on the show. Hey, what's going to win is war on terror? We're going to win, we're going to win, we're going to win. Now we're going to win it. He didn't mean that. He didn't really say that. I mean, we have to take. We heard you have to take one NBC. But probably destroy that tape. Or else. No, you didn't hear it. No, you didn't. You think you heard it. I've got to have a cop right off. It's on me. There's a knock on the door. Uh-oh, see a judge. 560, 505, 60 pound, 50 on the, the Verizon Wireless, I'm going to have to take a copy of that thing. I am. I don't, we're not sure how you used to say that. Right. All of these things, you know? W to Q and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Quick to think about the casino at the Siminals. If you just, just like you said, it's just no fun. I was there. If you were to go in back about a week later, and it was past the seven day receipt period, so I ended up losing about 350 to the casino. Really? When you stick that to the ticket in there, it's only good for X number of debt. I mean, I hear it's packed all the time. Mo is better be doing a show from there, the staff known as close to which it was he does. But what is it? It's packed. It is packed with people. And I think they just don't know what a good casino is. But I'm still, how do we think of that? It's a company thing. But I mean, why can't the people explain to me what the difference is between whatever those make believe machines are. They got in a real slomishy. I mean, it shouldn't be that difficult. The difference is, I don't think you win as much. The second thing is, I like the clink of the money coming down when you dig it. No, no, no, no, no. I'm talking about the slip coming out. And Vegas, they're all like that now, too. Or they? Yeah, but I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about what we place is. I don't know the vingo balls on the stuff. I'm going to stand that. There's, yeah, there's some kind of progressive thing. And you get 11 cents when you win or six and a half cents. It was, I didn't have a good time. And that's what I'm doing. I'm looking for another casino though. Yeah. Yeah. We, I copy the day about Montreal. I just found out that you could see another. There's a huge casino that I never been there. But I read about it. And it's an island. I take a cab from downtown or write to this, who mongous island. They got a great kid with all kinds of gourmet restaurants. It looks pretty neat. But you can add him an opling money instead, right? Hey, what's wrong with that? Can't a American money's worth more, man. I'm going. OK, have a great time. Have a great time. I'll break there. Now see, he's a good guy, but he can't answer my question either. So we have anybody, anybody. You're going to go. I mean, I don't realize most people out there don't care about slot machines. Even though that's my new hobby is losing a lot of money to slots. But, but is it that difficult? I mean, if you've been to Vegas, if you've been to Atlantic City, even if you're on one of those bogus cruise ships, if you're the bogus Bahamas, which is going to blow away pretty soon is what we're hearing. Would have to be bad. Huh? Yes. No, actually. Gamma. No, would not. We didn't like the Bahamas. I don't have many people over there listen, and some of them might be nice people. They'll quite frankly, I doubt it, because I never met any nice people from the Bahamas. Or from Jamaica. Now what about, where is Jamaica, exactly? I'm a, see, my dear. You've been pretty good. I know, no, we're all the states are. I'm OK on it. But I'm really embarrassed about my county confusion here today, directly south of Cuba. You want to know why I have county confusion because I'm trying to forget about slot. Yeah, it's easily done. But here too long, and I'm trying to forget all this to forget about it. Because take a look at some of those counties there, like, of course, I'd Jewish county up there where the state kind of curves at Levy county. Yeah. Way down upon the Levy, or is that Levi? Levi Harner. And then there's Dixie County, and St. Chris and Hernandez, either way, and Pasco, and Panis, and Manatee and Sarri Soda. When I worked at WSPB in Sarri Soda, 1973, my boss, Nuki Kliss Lansing, or Kliss Nuki Lansing. Well, his name was Cliffs Lansing. We used to come St. Kielansen. We had his back. And I would call it Sarri Soda, and what I used to frost his hand. Really? Oh, he hated that. Sarri Soda. Ooh. And then his Vakula County and the Gaggen. We have to hang in there. And Calhoun. Ooh, hey, Calhoun. Hey, Calhoun's up there and tell I ask you. Now, what county is tell I ask you? To Val. No, that's just in Val. You better learn your geography. You better learn your geography. The bird said, it's not coming down in spank your ass. He died. Who the bird's center? And they'll tell us, no. We can only hope. Holmes, elementary, Walton Jackson. I don't even know if somebody's counties. But of course, there's still Henry County. Are you sure? Yeah. You used to kind of like be on the left side of the state now. So we'll run right there by barvard. W2AM, hello. If we could. W2AM, hello. I know. Yes, sir. Hey, sister up there, Canada. I want the new, uh, what's the job of a tuna? These light four brothers up there, man. None. We don't allow you folks up there. Fires it. What? We got all of Indian people in Pakeys and. Uh, I can't believe it. Oh, we got Chinese, man. We got Chinese up the old uh, Indian. No, is it? Only in the ang. So we don't, uh, we are like folks in there. And in fact, you had your chance. Uh, back in the early part of the lot. They had that, uh, caravan festival. Two weeks of darkness. That's when I went off to Europe for some screen trees. But it anyway, no chance. W2AM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Just want to tell you about the, uh, the seminal cuisine. Oh, my god. If this is the guy that can actually explain it, I might, uh, if I had a prize, that's in the tea, go ahead. Well, it's the difference between a real casino. And, and maybe. If you, uh, keep going there with, with some money and you said, the black guy table and you went 10 grand. You take 10 grand as a casino's money. You know, they're putting up their money. I see. Which seminal, you know, with the dog track and the harness track and all that stuff. Uh, you're playing against each other. Yeah, you've so the casino actually risks nothing. They just take a percentage of everything that you gamble. So that's, that's the main difference. You know, but that, that isn't explained to me about the slob machines. I don't understand that at all. How can you be playing against the other players? It's, they're all computer length and everybody's money goes to new pool. And, uh, a few people went and the house takes out their 18% or whatever. They take and they divide up the rest. Uh, if you've ever played there and you'll see there's like a delay. How can I never been there? Yeah, if you, if you go to their machine, you know, I went there when they first opened the hard rock. And you put your money in and you play and there's like a delay. Like a few seconds while I guess the computer is figure out, you know, who'd give them money to or whatever. Right. But it's not like, you know, it's not like if you hit a jackpot. Uh, the house actually has to pay you. You're getting paid from everybody else. That's a difference. Okay. Okay. I'm taking back my price. Thanks, pal. I know I still don't understand. Do you? Are you kidding me? No, I mean, I've never said that. I've never said that. But let's say you win five grand. Okay. Let's say the jackpot on, uh, wheel of fortune, uh, your five grand. Do you really care if it's the house's money or somebody else's money as much as you're being friendly with everybody around you? Oh, hey, I hope you're winning. Come on. Get a big one. I'm going to talk to everybody. Isn't it awesome? But he else is money. Right. Of course. When you play in slots. Right. Naturally. So this guy has got, he's got less idea than the other guy did. What are you talking about? When you're playing the slum machines, I mean, like the wheel of fortune ones are all linked together, whether it's in woodbinder or Atlantic City or in Vegas or in, uh, Flambro Downs or in, uh, Elmira Raceway or in Palmyra, New York, which goes with an instant tablets. Uh, I don't know. I thought it's a pretty simple question. Anybody that's ever been in a real casino, you see the real machines, okay? They have real. Some of them have four, but most of them have three reals, right? Mm-hmm. Spinning reals. Remember David Clayton that we were through this two weeks ago at a whole thing with spinning wheel, okay? Change his Christ. And they're telling me that they don't have the reals. Now, are these the reals video game and what? What's with the people balls, okay? Yeah, that's very cool. They're still dead. He's still dead. If I dead babies is walking around in the woods up there looking for Perry's body. You have any QAM hello? Um, Catholic priestess. Yeah, okay, great. Some of the QAM hello. Yeah, speaking. Any no, what's the, what do you want to know about the machine? I want to know how they work. Well, it makes them different. Monash time, a halalihazaz, the Chinese. They're not very different. They're not? No. So the minus everybody's coming. They don't have reals, so I'm machine. Yeah, they're the same. Well, they're double diamond. The most popular machine they get says. And it has a real real fortune with the other. They do. Sure. All right. They before you have say I'm saying extra guy. He puts $10 in he gets four cores. He went $325,000. No. Yes. We have what's happening on be there. I can be there. I want 40. What is based on is the bank? Let's say a bank is a bank of 20 machines. Yeah. The bank takes an $1 million. Right. Right. And the house takes a $250. That's all right. To simple equation. See, I like that. It's not bad. Because at least that I know what percentage they're taking out. The post luck up there in wood by make a pay in back like. 70% for all. We know they don't post it. They don't tell you what percentage they're paying back. No, they don't. Right. But that's about what they take. That's about what they pay out. Yeah. But the machines here don't have the spinning wheels though. Sure they do. They do. Of course. Well, why does everybody tell me they don't? And if your plan wheel of fortune, for example, which I see they even have billboards for it, are two use Tell me that when you get a spin it's got the little thing on top that. So what are these people doing? I've got to go over there and let it go. Check it out. You never never believe these people. Man, they don't know their ass from your elbow. Exactly. Thanks, Pally. Okay. How do you like that? No one that they can't explain it. The pie with it's too easy. It's too simple. It's like a pub try to explain in or course. Okay. With a woman. I mean, can we break papa? Let's see here's Rick chronic ripses. Like I said before, first one's you'll see what's one of the way to Toronto. Black box voting dot com is a great set to check out. Machine set to be fixed. Be safe in that storm. It's a big one says chronic Rick. And what is this? Florida City County look up. What do I do? Oh, this tells you every city what county it's in. That's pretty interesting. Somebody just facts me this. In case we got a lot of time on day of, you know, they run out of tape there on the steering show. We can just read all of this. So an alphabetical order. For example, a lot to what county are a lot to it. It was in a lot to what county makes sense to me, right? Convenient. Yeah. And alphards in a Jackson County. So you see, don't don't cut your horses. So what does this guy try to tell me that's the same? Everybody is everybody I talked to was said they don't have the spinning wheels on the slot machines that a no say per me see. I keep. Huh? Find a wheel on this goes right. Yeah. Perry still dead. By the way, dead babies is out there looking for them. Up there in Palm Beach County somewhere. Maybe you'll find the Teresa LePore walking through the woods too. Wouldn't that be sweet? God. And call man. That was one of the greatest moments in history to see the people of Palm Beach. And like I started to say before before I interrupted myself, they're the poll. The pollsters aren't perceiving. See, they're not picking up on the anger on the fury on a frustration after 2000. And if they think that anybody named Bush is going to win a state this time, they're dreaming. Because we have some devious plans just way to those roadblocks for that fat ass governor. All those red next man were going to roadblocks for them. Just like the ones there on high it is road. We're going to purge the Negroes from that vote roll. That's what you think. We're going to in fact be between now November. You can never see anybody multiply so fast in your life and age fast too. Right now Armstrong for the homes that wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining O4s. Here are just some of the great deals waiting for you right now. And O4F150 pick up just a dollar over in voice. New O4 explorers you pay just a dollar over in voice. Rangers, crowned vix, toruses and focuses all waiting for you which is one dollar over in voice. Only at Armstrong Ford of Homestead. Plus Armstrong Ford offers more value to its lower customers too. When you buy a floor from Armstrong you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. You heard right tires and batteries for life. And the value you'll get Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there because right now you'll get a free Sunpass with any vehicle you buy. Press for time Armstrong Ford's a 4-nose your time as vegetables or column 305-247-5112 and shop by phone. They'll even deliver your new vehicle right to your home. Armstrong Ford of Homestead is local owned and operated. They treat you just like family. You will not get a better deal anywhere on a Ford no way no how. No bait and switch no phone ideals just to fantastic and be the will deal every time. At Armstrong Ford of Homestead you'll find met 307-25, South-Tixie Highway just 20 minutes south of the 86. Check out the web ArmstrongCars.com so travel a little save a ton on the great new Ford only from Armstrong Ford of Homestead. Ford sings a new Roger. The look is on 566. QA. For David's a bitch. Oh no you're here talking see. No he's in here distracted me when I want to play his fine material. I'm so through yours. It's a double-leg double coverage of the Republic of the Shookies and American Radio with your house. You've got to tell me what's up. This is a fucking cool. I'm talking about the house. I'm just a pranker. What a happy, great public man National Convention. Oh that was who knows Peter. That was me. I think he got set at me also. When you believe in I'm a Democrat. But your hair is like flying produce a singer. Flying remote control toy airway. Scale model of the twin tower. This is like the head cell of a child in this. And so that's how you just started what's damn rather getting punched in the stomach. I have a problem. Oh ah we have a rare public repair by Carl Role. Twang the dial up. Using the skeletal remade. So 911 victims. Here is a and called a. Pull it out. Strip between the end to close the segment of the companions. A C. Things can be tossing her taste, taste, and things to the two of those predators. I'm going to go back on the island. Twenty seven till two at five sixty. WCM Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog at two. Then we got Mohar David from the hard rock. I guess you can go in there for yourself. Maybe I'll go over while he's on the air. And then you could rub his head for luck. And I could bond with all flat top. What do you think? Absolutely. I might think in Tennessee West. I don't understand what these people are talking about. Since 134 votes, how do you rate George WC's first term as president? It better be his last. 328. The Zastur 133. Outstanding 48, 7.5 percent. The worst ever 40. Good. Good is got. About thirty man. Week 22. Mediocar 18. And okay. 15. Okay. So far. And I was on a bat line. WCM. I'm not there. Now who the could that have been? I wonder. That must have been somebody very maybe like fat rich or somebody like that or Norm. No. WCM. Hello. Yes sir. You know I think why everybody says that it's different. Because you don't hear the money getting the taste hitting the. Project possible. There are so many stupid people who you don't hear the money because they don't use the coins anymore because it's pass a in Vegas and an agrofalse in the places. They got the slips. You have to get your hands all filthy and you take the slip and you compute your slip. You take it to the cashier and a cashier in or you put another machine you get the credit for. That's the new way and they just don't understand it matter. These people don't know what. You're saying they must be because they haven't been to Vegas and quite a while. But I'm okay. Thanks. Thanks. Got to answer the bat line. QAM. Yo Rogers. Speaking. Joe Castello. How are you? Okay Joe. I'm congratulations by the way. Joe Castello who's on Get Series XM radio. Which one is it? Yes. But I have the answer about. You already called me on this once before I got it wrong information the first time. I did. I went and I've never seen Joe Castello on Howard Dean together. Same person. Here's a deal. You want to be on the one. What's got the same cheek thing that you got. You got a cheeky thing. Go ahead. All right. Each individual slot machine. It's hooked to a group of a couple of others. And initially when you put your money. You're not playing a slot. You're playing a game of bingo. Again several other players. What? Yeah. You can tell this by the name of bingo. Of bingo. Biongio. Was it odd? Yes. So here's the deal. You're playing a game of bingo against a couple of other players. Oh, you got to be Schmidt and me. You don't see because there's a little bingo board in this center. Top of the slot machine. Now. A bingo board on my slot machine. If you win. I'm in already. If you win the bingo game. With. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Then you will win the the slots. Well, you know, turn and you'll determine your prize. But it's real for winning the bingo game. Does that make sense? You follow me. See if you win the bingo game. Yes. But why have you been time bingo against other people? I mean bingo is just just bingo. But it's illegal in the state of Florida. But machines are not. And that's the thing. So they have a way of making you think, wow, this is a slot machine. It's got a how how how do you win the bingo game. What do you have to do? Like lightning bingo. It's computer generated. It's one of those legalized lightning. But what do you have to get on it to have a spin? All right. Five across five off five across five diagonal like like bingo. You know, I don't really play bingo too much. But well, how often you get five across your five up and down. Right. Oh, yeah. It happens a lot. It does. And as it looks like so many get five across okay, then what? And the real starts spinning like the real spin. Yeah. You know, the words automatically like the QM was prize wheel right. Right. But here's the deal. If you didn't get bingo, you will lose when the real spin. But if you did get bingo, that means you're going to win something. But you don't know why. But if you don't get bingo, the real still spins, but you lose. So what's the point of it's spinning? What does that accomplish? Why do you change this? Just to deter entertainment and to deter entertainment. Yes. How entertaining can it be when you know you're going to lose a head of time? Almost people as indicated by your show don't know that that's part of the game. They don't realize that they've already lost. They don't realize that it means nothing. You know something only in Florida could they come up with something as half-assed as this. That's just unbelievable. Not to get to you don't go because it's really pretty there. And I have a great stay house in there right here. There are chances of my going for what you're describing to me on a scale of minus zero. Next time you come to Toronto, I'll take you out to wood by me. You'll see what a really nice race track facility. Because seeing always with 17 hundred real machines. Now for anyone who would dispute me the reason I know this is because the last time you were on the air talking about this. I was in the casino like a day later and I pulled over an employee who I won't mention because I don't remember his name. And I asked him to very specific in and out to the deal because I wanted to know. And he told me that I was not to tell anyone. Now that was much as long as you're on one. I guess there's a kind of a likely idea that there's a misconception about this lot of machines and that they're really being done. Okay, and I'll say you're playing Wheel of Fortune. Okay, you're playing a thing. You get to win something and then you're the real spin and you get a spin on a wheel. Yeah. But then you still spin it the same way you would on a regular machine as that would you say. When you play. You're punched very come on ahead. First of all, there's not enough Wheel of Fortune games in there to satisfy the kidney. Well there is anywhere. There's a similar with bind. Everybody loves Wheel of Fortune. Right. You play your money and you'll either get the bingo or you won't. If you don't get the bingo the wheels are going to spin and you're going to lose. If you do get the bingo then the wheels are going to spin. And then you might get a spin on the top wheel and then you might win. Right. It's like a three-tiered. The other is better just press and the button. It's a three-step process. Correct. That is just one or two. Absolutely correct. Yeah. It sounds like crap. I've cleared it. Well it's still entertaining. It's still random chance. I mean it's no lesser more fun than I like. I prefer real flum machines personally. But this is fine. I don't want to have to play bingo. Well, in fact, I was told it wasn't bingo was quino. It's bingo. It's a bingo board. It's bingo. There has bingo your right is legal. Right. Now it has something to do with the Pope also. I mean, it's a terrible cut of this. It's a great opportunity to do with the Pope. Uh-huh. How are you otherwise? Great. Now what time is your show on XM? It last week I was up there now. I'm back in the negotiations from 8 to 10 PM on the East Coast, which is, you know, drive in the West Coast, all that. On that's called 144. Right. And then where do you do the show from? Well, that's the thing. They want me to move to Washington, DC. Well, why would you want to do that? Yeah. What do you mean it's just to make where you do the show from. I checked there was no auto racing in Washington, DC, except on the highways. No around the over. It's kind of close. Go over. It's um, yeah. I know you're a dover down and right near a Harrington raceway. Right. They got to slots up there by the way. They got fantastic versus because they got slots. We need to then floor to nobody's talking about that. It's on a ballot November. I'm voting baby. I'm voting for the real slots. We're talking about not make believe not BINGO was a dog. I'll have a real stuff. Well, I'll ask you all. Well, thank you very much. And, uh, hopefully I've explained it. And, you know, people can dispute me, but I asked the people there. And this is the explanation. Well, I'm pretty, you kept me out of there. Thanks. See you all. Good light. Joe Costello, who used to be out over at, oh, by the way, Mark Eisenberg's on the new 790, which is unfortunate. Yes. And a couple of their other stations. Do you gots? Yeah. I thought two gots is the PD over there. It's a V. I'm talking a lot on 790, the ticket. I see. With our good friends. I wrote a mess. Huh? Eisenberg wound up over there. Yeah. I didn't know that. I was just saying that. And then you said, I know. Oh, well, I thought you would talk about the other joints. The other joints? Because he was on the, Please go get the other joint. You're one. Right. Or is he? I hope so. It looks like he's been spoken. Twenty-two. And I would just say it says the court of this is the scandalous court of the National Hurricane Center website. The prediction as of 10 o'clock this morning. There was an 18% chance that the eye of Francis will pass through my amy. Also, as you've seen, the official Noah and National Hurricane Center Metro's Francis East of Lake Okeechobee Saturday at 2 o'clock in the morning. The weather theory and fairy junior when she's sober. No all of this information, of course, but it's in their best interest to whip everybody up into a panic. They should both be a horse whip for their earth's possibility. But I think they might enjoy it too much. Power. That's all I think they've had to do with powerhouse and slaughterhouse and health of Francis. Two a.m. God, this closed location have been revealed. The clearly have a super race, We're continuing to the future when they will only be a world of chanies. The convict has confined it. I'm going to take a look at the money and get all over the country. I'm going to bring it to the country. So I'm going to bring it to the police and not take it. I'm going to take a look at how it is. I'm going to go mad at the subetter to make a remod. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I'm going to take a look at the money and not take it. I piece of paper. Oh, what? I sat the money together. Can you fairly go to 하나-levering, can you get the money together or at the river? It's over ponies! Meow… Over room there, Cheney's coming soon. Two carol boards, Cheney's coming soon. Come on, it's still 25, 60WQM. Mary Cheney is a selfish hedonist as Alan Keyes. The dark-complexed Republican candidate, Desperado Candidate for Governor of... I mean, yeah, a senator from Illinois. Right. Who's running against our friend Barack? Barack Obama. But the banjo on his knee. Barack is 42 points ahead, by the way. In the poll. He's his way ahead. But Alan Keyes, that right wing dark-complexed self-hating versus his, that Mary Cheney is a selfish hedonist because she's a homo sexual. I see. So she is a selfish hedonist. So she says the anxious Bible-thumping, Holy with them now, dark-complexed Alan Keyes. How many votes do you think he's going to get in Illinois? About 30 minutes. How do you rate George W. Bush's first term as president's our poll question today? It's our second poll that he'd be one on the first one there, huh? Right. George, I'm pretty good at how it's turned kick there. Thank God for that, Greg. 683 votes, how is the Bush's first term? It better be his last. 347. Disaster 143. The worst ever, 52. Outstanding 52. And it is mild. Good 32. Week 24. Maybe you'll correct me. And okay. Come see Comsa. Men's of Men's of 15. How many QA and hello? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir? My last is called me. She says, but I don't come on TV. So this is going to be a catastrophic storm. He's getting us all ready. What do you think? What does that mean? What did he say? His wife just called him and came all of just said that it would be a catastrophic storm. And someone said, we'll be for somebody. Yeah, for somebody right, we know that. So that's a bullden. There's a assuming he's going to come. He doesn't come to the weather channel before we turn that wrong. Gonna die. Oh no. There's a way to get it. There's a way to get it. Oh, it's a terrible storm. Today, scattered thunderstorm. Well, we know that. We don't want to hear the local forecast. Do we? We don't want to hear anything. Can we hot? The white rain. Hot and humid, the rain might not thunderstorm here somewhere. We want to hear the latest. We want to hear the, inside Scoofman. and the inside story and we also want to hear just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 430 p.m. and the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances turn off radios and TV sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces. The post office recommends that you mail early in the day and for those with automobile alternate side of the street parking will be suspended. That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 430 p.m. market downs. Welcome to a very important edition of Tropical Update on to net agenda. Every time we go to the second time of the year, I've got to know where he is, for hurricanes, turning up to the call of something. Tell it I don't have any questions. It's going to be the way that we have it. It's going to be a lot of the elevator. Let me give you the new information. Give us a look for my green here. A lot of the information is the same course or location is not. We have a look at the latitude 21.8 north and a lot of the 27.4 west. That's about 700 miles. Now, instead of 735, that's 700 miles east southeast of the Florida East Coast. We're looking at the pressure here. We have now 941 mill bar from the latest our hurricane hunter. So the pressure may have gone up a little bit. That is not substantial really. So yeah, saying that the warning is not a really. As hurricane Francis moves closer and closer to Florida, people are piling into the stores, grabbing everything that needs to be done. Everything that needs to be done. Neighbors, water running kitchens in Miami where people are lining up. Yeah, where this. The line has been long. It's this Miami home depot store. Oh, yeah. And this morning, take a look inside. You can see that business is brisk here as a right. The store. 15 pieces of plywood. That's as much as customers are allowed to purchase at one time. Many are being sure that they're stopping up early, but the livery's are coming in. The trucks are full. Why would it's flying off the shelves? In fact, electric generator is here at this point. I'm sure they're there. 15 sheets of plywood are 15 sheets of sharmies. You are a seasoned meal. Roger the surface of the building. Ready for the buildings. momentum taking action and air. Break your blow. You survived my 90%. Oh, dude. Why? Why? Why? Help me! i Oh When around here One, fifty eight, well, Curtis Davis and I guarantee you one thing. You stick with five sixty man, our vast news resources, right? That's right. Our enormous specialists, our weather center, our news people, our hot connections all around the community and all around the National Hurricane Center. We're going to keep you right on top of it, right? Right. And if we don't know what's going on, we'll just make up some stuff. Anyway, I don't think they did a really good job. You know, at two o'clock this afternoon, the I have hurricane Francis located near Latitude 21.8 north, Montju-Tude 70 point four west, or about sixty miles east north east of Grand Turk Island, and 700 miles east southeast of the Florida East coast. Francis is moving toward the west north west near 50 miles an hour. That's a little bit slower. That's good. The slower the better. Because the slower slow, so it's not getting more chance to like take a curve right up there toward Jacksonville. Be good. Yeah, trailer parks. The general track is expected to continue during the next 24 hours with a gradual decrease in forward speed. Good. Got it. On this track, they tore the hurricane will be passing near over the Turks and Kiko Islands later today in the southeast in Bahamas during the next 24 hours and blow all those gray robbers away. Maximum sustained winterman near 140 miles an hour. It's a category full. It's a cat for. While fluctuations in the intensity are expected to be the next 24 hours Francis could still intensify a little more before reaching the hurricane warning area and miss come all whether for a junior channel seven according to that call. It says it's going to be a catastrophic hurricane for somebody somewhere. There's going to be a big blow. Is what he said. Now what he said, so like that. Of course, when the cops asked him for the big blow, he refused to do it. Maybe he did do it. I don't know. I don't know. Wouldn't have been the first time. Of course, it all depends on how you define that. We don't have time to go into that. Anyway, don't forget George and Moka Bryan and Miguel that they happy are five to seven to treasure out of the Sapphno just over the 120 seconds. We need exit just off the vol mettle with tone adjacent. It's going to be doing it. Bye bye.