We gonna be touching Who the mother's a chick And the same Touching mother, new baby Who we're here But I don't think we'll never find this Yeah, they were in there in the forest Painted We're gonna find Yeah, yeah Hey, you know, from the house And under the river You validate the spin of all those white house buds If you still need convincing to me I'll show you a dance For the girls who lie in front Oh, baby Look, we've all searched Who knows attention Keep looking, hey, we're all proof of all the new TV We're waiting, hey, hey But you know, they're gonna find this Hey, never had them in the place 10 out to at 5.60 WCM happy Wednesday, too Big Marlon game next Tuesday by the way market on your calendar, George Well, they're all big Another Marlon ice-ovation game next Tuesday at 110, which means 12.55 It's bye-bye by now I don't want the audience to think that we plan Plan, he's early ex, it's many days ahead If we look over to those things Yeah, that's almost like a little bit of a occasion Like marketing the days off like being on death row But we do I mean, why lie about it It's a nice thing I think three hours is plenty more than enough Sure, if actually people listen right now We think that three minutes is more than enough Well, that's okay, you're enjoying it And a very nice acoustic way to bed Soft Florida TV host name premier of Haiti Did you know that? No, I didn't, I didn't Well, here we go A former Haitian foreign minister in popular Sound Florida television talk show host was selected Yesterday to become Haiti's next prime minister To which we say Come on Gerald Laturto Laturto Where's that Laturcha A quinnacle of ex out president John Burristan Our esteed was chosen after two days of painstaking Delaborations by US back Council of Sages Oh, stay tuned To fill the power vacuum created for boy 29 When our steed resigned Well, that's an interesting choice of words when he Of Amos 21 off to central Africa to seek his fortune Laturto related transitional government That'll pave the way for presidential elections next year When gets some of those death squads back in charge again Okay, del clean things up I'm very excited to be able to do something for my country to bring all Haitians together Laturto said to telephone interview with the Harold It's time for us to forget our differences and come together for the country in the in this bias in 10 year year You know how old he is? I give up about 30 16 But can't say 69 No He's 60 something okay, he's an old fart he's one year less than 70 years old Let's do a little bit of new headhonshow in Haiti 193 hosts on our polyas today Which is pretty good considering we had an early exit with that Marlon's game to which we say Oh, let's do it again today. Let's replay it Let's replay the leafs five nothing went over the panthers from last night. What do you say? All right, who should John Kerry pick for his running mate? That was our poll question by the way before we get to that we got our real good on the beaten curtain today on our website Linda Blair Now probably there are some guys out there say oh Linda Blair, I want to see her you know But I think when you see that picture I don't know what's right me all that doesn't think she's hot Really really I just asked all of them Ha ha ha ha ha all of men headbuilding Wow, not took five minutes 193 vote on our G. Ask them off in clearance Who should John Kerry pick for his running mate John Edward's 594 just dummy up if you know what's good for you, okay? Fuck you, let's set it. Yeah, and then you're starting to have fellowship just pretending you didn't hear what I said pretend that you were Alzheimer's kicked in What John Edward's 594 wins hands down 31% Milk Clinton 363 is legal he could do it it lever happened, but he could do it Bob Graham 336 17.6% 336 like BDI Bobby Graham for VP. I think that's not a bad idea I don't care I'm per bush 187 9.8% less than 10% What happened to that usual 1718% of bush heights that we have in this crowd where they go oh, and later General Wesley Clark 112 he was a late edition so we want to thank profusely the gentleman of called in suggested that general west 112 I don't care period just don't bother me with this crap 102 Hillary 101 Dick M. Dick M. Hart 46 Bill Richardson 34 the governor of New Mexico a good Julio guy If you could be real good to get the spick woke going Tom Broke 18 and Bill Nelson 10 out of over 1900 votes on yesterday's pool pretty impressive He asked me well very jackass has his thumb right on it right now as we speak make no mistake about that because various tuned in the Greg read pipeline If you want to find out what's going on a QAM don't listen to us just read the Harold and the very jackass count don't buy the Harold just pick it up or like the 711 and leave through it just pick up the sports section leave through it read the column and then put it back together neatly or not if you don't want to and just to put it back on the stand don't buy it or when somebody else is a buy one of them Harold's out of the news box just swipe one would be good. Oops you think sure when I run over a uh speed bump. I think that when you open up one of those Harold boxes where you buy your newspapers maybe take like several and hand them out as freebies because that's basically what it's worth But very jackass says Hank Goldberg back on QA and now I don't want to pee on everybody's for prey because Dave Higgins is great guy and I guess it was partly his idea And part the hump or any like put this thing together yesterday I purposely tuned in after the Marlon game I nearly fell asleep because I heard Dave and boring for a minute But I tuned in after the Marlon's trounced the mat swall was a nine to three I believe Josh I don't it was nine to one when I nine to three get it right. I'll sleep get it right well I don't blame it anyway after the Marlon game I tuned in and then we hit like about how many minutes is spot God, God, I miss Molly and a wonder why we don't have big numbers then we got good God We had a break that went on from the ass end of the game till the very beginning of Hank showed it must have been at least 15 minutes I mean I'm not exaggerating just spot after spot after spot nice going screw in your shoes peddling something Oh, you know it's a good thing we have some restrictions now because if in the old days like a couple of weeks ago Who knows when I might have said right there? But that bitch is peddling it anyway. So the hopper comes on and they got Dave wants that doing this cornball thing like he's doing a show And says we're gonna talk about everything accepted offends and then he was taking allegedly a call and of course the color turned out to be Hank The only problem me it was pretty obvious that it was one step was on a phone and Hank was doing wherever was the American Airlines arena Who put press proceeded interview wants that I mean Dave wants that's got the personality of a dead man, okay So the concept of the idea might have been fun if wants that had any personality and could have pulled it off Did he pull it off? No, it was just brutal, but it's good to have the hopper back on your network counts Of course, very jackass is and an amusing skit dolphins coach Dave wants it open Goldberg show It was about as using it as a fart and a crowded elevator on a hot July day nothing I'm using about it Goldberg said on the air that he was glad to be back it was lonely without you all he said it was listeners I just want to put the whole thing behind me He's thinking about that big behind it was something that just got out of hand and shouldn't have them You can't imagine how many of your Greg Reid met with Goldberg yesterday morning and said oh, we're fine Everything was resolved so that's as much as he wants you to know because if he wanted to say more it would have been Barry's calm because Barry is the mouthpiece for QA and for Greg Reid Who doesn't speak to anybody who's over the age of 10 That's why he speaks to Barry Stern won't be leaving infinity anytime soon. Here's our poll question before we get to that If you had done did we ever do this before? I don't think so. Maybe who cares? No, we did we might have not don't think this exact one not this wording Wow Do I need to remind you that if we change one word? That's good enough for me. We're in leather If you had tons of cash, what one city would you choose to live in? Now of course there are some of us who like you know live all over the place, but as your home base, what would be the one city you choose anywhere in the world to live in if you were just loaded? And unlimited amount of funds So we made a short list so far, Miami, Toronto, A, sunny. It's a beautiful day man. Could be five today 41 degrees Fahrenheit. It's beauty is New York. I'm Stadam, Rome or Hanalulu You ever been to Hanalulu? No, but I would like to and I would like to have my base there since you mentioned that. I've been there six times and I'm going to tell you it's one of the most beautiful places. Why can't he be teaching them the North Shore? It's just all Fambilus. I've never heard of it. He's so awesome But yeah, why can't he is really something else very commercial, very crowded, but then he had to have a lot of money. I mean, the big bucks to live there, but it is beautiful and the Pacific Ocean is much cleaner. It's just amazing. I've seen pictures of the train warmer and the trade winds even though it's like 80, 687 in the summertime. It never feels warm because the trade winds are always blowing. Can I say that? Oh, sorry, the trade winds are always moving the euro around. But I figured I had tons of money. I can take my yacht to New Zealand, Australia, Japan. Right. But that could be your home base on Rallow, which is a great place. Trust me when I tell you. Stern won't be leaving infinity anytime soon. A high level business report, a high level source that infinity tells us that as much as how it's term believes he's going to be pulled off a show. It won't be happening anytime in the near future. And in addition, infinity will be defending him. He's not going to satellite. First of all, he can't. He's under contract with us for two more years. So I mean, it's not even an issue and we're going to defend him. Says they're inside her. It also turns out that we're not the only ones hearing the FCC of a cracking down on satellite radio and decency as well. Oh, brother, what a idea. Continue to infinity source and you know what the FCC will probably wind up with the satellite guys when this is all said and done. If there's any change in rules, they're probably going to be regulated under our rules. So if anybody thinks that we can put somebody shows on satellite radio and start doing that the old stuff we were doing like two weeks ago, forget about it and going to happen. And they go on to observe it says good infinity plants to stand behind Howard no matter what the FCC finds to find stir in it will pale in comparison to the money he's made and continues to make for the fire communit. When Howard realizes infinity is going to stand behind him after all, he likely focuses ready more on the FCC, Bush and Wright Wingers and less on traditional radio. Stirn said and show yesterday hopes he showed gets pulled so he'd be free to travel around the country with anti-bush and anti-waring voting rally said stir in a source of the FCC tells me that Michael Powell is freaking out right now. He realizes he still has to find me the nose of all could backpuff for him and the Republicans. So Stirn should have no beef with infinity for a ray one for that matter he needed the publicity could not set himself up as the supper fam king of radio even if he dressed in drag and gave chairman Paul of dozen roses. We've said it before his and master commas in first call was probably to clear channel thanking him for pulling stern off the air. Got ya, got ya. So he ain't going anywhere except the course in south Florida is he coming back now. 10 13 at 5 60 WQM. I'm going back to Canada to you too, bastard. Michael? Well, does he just turn down in offer to sell up their bean parks? Michael, why is he dead? He has to see who is all his remarks. He sold all the stockholders a Comcast price with low, which the flow ran over him and said a purple low. If duty makes a deal with Comcast at the border table, we'll see Mary Poppin's rally clock on late night table. It was it all and long ago when Michael was admired, but if I there was a deal, Francis Trump would say you're fired. Turning down the offer makes eyes there look like a name, Rod. It would be as big as the deal, really angsted with a ride. I could use a fump in my Disney Park all the y'all. Damn it, and switch ground like the nose up a Tokyo. The denial for his on the obscene and the greaches. How long can you last when you're depending on for ages? Either blow his chances is real life, but some re-harsals, maybe he could go cross down his crew of you to Mars. Tonight, at 560 WQA and we got the mad dog at 2, we got the hump or back on here and I score 100. From 4 to 650. That was fun. It's 10 minutes off for our good behavior because it's 60, we had another Marlon game, Marlon's on deck at 650. Dodgers at the Marlon's in Jupiter 705 followed by 80K. Now, here's a thanks for mick that says the biggest joke of all time was the last. I can't read this. The latest, the last, tonight on Channel 4. Can you read this? Last night on Channel 4. Al Sunshine. What does that say before? Al Sunshine. Talk about how overeating is a killer. That would be like me giving you a lecture about how you're too fat. By the way, you're too fat. Oh, yeah, we got that story. I mean, it's just another one. I'll take the salary. The salary of McDonald's got more fat than the cheeseburger. I'll take the cheeseburger, thank you. With no bun. Yeah, here's Al Sunshine, given a lecturing the audience and waving his handhots his big fat hammocks. America's too fat and fat is killing us. Yeah, right. You're a chubber crap. You phony, Voloni. Can't stand that Al Sunshine. Makes me want a crap. All I've got to do is think about him. WQM. Hello. Did you hate me? I want to add a pound of your bowl. Yes, sir? How about our pamper? At pamper. Ha ha ha ha. Stockholm Sweden says dayd to the Swedish cop. Stockholm. Now it's funny because I was looking at that Linda Blair picture again. I never realized that she was so well. She's then Dowd. Endowed. She's probably part of the endowment for the party. First thing forth with Dowd. I wonder if the spirit of Christ had anything to do with that because he waved that magic one and all of a sudden man. Wow, speaking of Linda Blair. Yes, I'd like to say that it's my favorite new thing on the website today, but it's not. Oh, you want to talk about dancing bush? It's certainly. When you got Al president day, the dancing bush, myster. It's a beautiful thing. You can have fun for hours with that baby. And the best part of it is you can like create your own ambiance there. Just crank up the music and you have the disco lights. You're just a regular four lights. I said, this appointed they don't have a rave club option. Yeah, well, that's coming next week. I think it was rave and about the dancing bush. As he dances his way right out of the White House right out there. Downpensilvania. I've never been seen again. Right back to Crawford Texas with his 10-gail on the head. My vibe was my string and the pass the fire all up here and his mouth. Let's see. What have we got so far here on the list? How do we lose 16? Good choice, George. New York 15. My name is five. Amsterdam for Toronto 3. I voted for Toronto. I love it here. Rome 2 and Stockholm 0 out of 45. Or just get this list gone. Now I got some free a little teeny tiny bit of good news. Nothing too exciting. Remember I told you about how spineless the radio industry is? Yeah. It is. But. KCJJ. Iowa City, Iowa. And expanded band A M station. In other words, it's like a 1900 dial something like that. Owned by Steve Bridges will preempt its talk and hot AC programming. Mixed from 5 a.m. to 6 p.m. tomorrow. To wear messages urging listeners to contact the FCC's commissioners and those in Congress. Represent each denial. What a voice that is pleasure. With a current climate attack in the fundamental principles of free speech and choice bridges. This is, you know, it's too bad it's on a little po-dong station and a little po-dong town in Iowa City. But I mean, this is what broadcast is out of doing all over American, including us. Whether you like Howard Stern or not, and that station doesn't carry the show. 18 million people do he says. Third channel's got everybody to cancel it on their stations, but the government is no right to threaten others who demon appropriate. It should be left up to the communities they serve. KCJJ carries the Westwood one-simicated Don and My program. And today's best music. The rest of the day. How do you like that? They carry Don and My. Don and My. Well, plow. No kidding, but nevertheless. I, I, I, I, I, I got to tip my head. That is one of the fine things I've ever read my life. One little po-dong station in Iowa. Mm-hmm. That's about 24 30 on your AM dial. Inspiring, ain't it? It is. It is. Here's a guy with some balls who says, you know, the current climate attack in the fundamental principles of free speech and choice is not acceptable. And we want you to write to the FCC and set them telegrams and letters and you're mom, we're going to put something on our website. We'll put little thing together for you. Okay. Sure, audience can do that. Don't you think that's a great idea? It's an excellent idea. Yeah. WQAM hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. WQAM hello. Hey, sir. What about you? Yeah. What about it? We'll see you there. George, you got a whole bunch of tears out back back behind the QAM building. I got a little thinner tube. I say, they got a couple of leaky old intertubes that he brought in with him. He'll let alone you one real cheap. He'll see. He meant it's tight. Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60, 80, 80, and 10 rise of Robleson. It's interesting about this audience today is that every time that I'm ready to take some more names for us, you see what I'm saying? We're going to have to hook like crazy when I'm got other fish to fry here. And as soon as I'm ready to take, we got nerds. You know, WQAM hello. WQAM hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Could you please put that so for homies on that, no, bad guys on the homies on that list please. Nice all the homies. Okay, you got it on. Okay, have a good time there because I shouldn't go in there. Nassad Bahamas. Oh, you ve. Well, I guess if you're one of those people, you know, if you're an American and you go there, they'll treat like crap and just believe every dime you got out of your pockets, they'll squeeze it on you. WQAM hello. They don't floor it up. Hey. Ha ha ha ha. All right, put it on there. I think that guy might have been serious. That was one of the bee'slies, I think. You could tell by the sound of a stinger deep inside that right nostril. Can you tell? Yeah. Here's the facts from Ray, one of our regular facts whose who says, I've been down here since 1988 from Chicago. My previous radio god was Larry Lujac and excellent choice to Great Larry Lujac, which two men we can't play those bits anymore, especially the one about the scored, you know. Oh, it's today. What is that under? You're on the Larry and little tovy. Oh, no, we can't play that one. And anyway, it says, but toward the end of his career, one could tell he was tired in this time on the airway was about to end. You on the other hand have never been sharper and you're. What a, uh, what's such an coming from this page, Ray, and your program is very useful as a form for thought provoking ideas, questions and answers. It makes me think, and we search what the hell is going on. I guess I've turned into a newsjockey, and we're a little bit too newsy, I think. Reading papers around the world, and get the real perspective on what the hell is going on here. It's tough to take things at face value, no more. People seem to think that repression of freedoms is a good thing. If it happens to somebody else, not realizing that they will be next. I told my kids to read animal farm in 1984 to get an idea of what's happening around them. Ray, I just go on Ray, keep it up sweetheart. We need more people like you. Care about things that really matter is opposed to kaka. Oh, by the way, after something that matters, lead boyd Malvo is going to get says today, just son. And the reason why this is even more significant than John Muhammad who got the death penalty yesterday is because this, of course, the bleeding hearts of all been out of shape about, you know, the minors and the death penalty and how this is going to set a bad example. And they just had Kindle coffee on there from CNN, drinking his coffee and buck buck buck. You know, he's going to be supposed to travel for, I'm sorry. Are you liberal, bleeding heart liberals? As much of a liberal as I am, this is one issue where I separate with you. The crime has got to fit the punishment and scot-a-fit the society in which it takes place. Since it's you're dealing with a barbaric violence society, where life is as cheap as pez. I think that somebody needs to send a message. You know what I'm talking about? I'm always so sorry. I need to send a message. We're talking about all of this Malvo formally sends to life in prison. No parole damage. He said that he and Mr. Malvo had read all the victim impact statements and that they were very mindful of the pain of the families in this case. He said from our perspective, we see this as an additional tragedy. We know he has much to face and much. Also find a hundred thousand dollars in each of two counts. I sure he's going to be paying that. You'll soon. Then Robert Heran spoke. He is the prosecutor in this case. We noted that the jury had found aggravating factors in the case of Malvo that they had found that he posed future dangerousness. Life in prison, no parole, but the good news is he may be tried on other sniper shootings. See this was just one. Right. So they might try them again for other sniper shootings. And maybe in after a few more convictions, they might say, finally. We're supposed to be in a five-season. You may have to take my hand but it should not take it long. I like that. She ain't much to see but she looks good through the bottom of a glass. Oh yeah, I heard that one. That's a good one. I wouldn't take you to a dogfight even if I thought you could win. Don't cry down my back, baby. You might rust my spurs. If fingerprints showed up on skin, I wonder who's I'd find on you. Here's a good one. If you get the feeling that I don't love you, feel again. Here's one. Obviously, some guy is singing this song and he's in some cheap bluesies bedroom at the time. I'm ashamed to be here but not ashamed enough to leave. That kind of sums up our situation here at WLS too. Shame to be here but not ashamed enough to leave. We'll just take them on. Thank you. I've been flushed from the bathroom of your heart. Oh, I want to hear it. Okay, you really wonder about guys who write lyrics like this. You know how much drink and they've been doing. It's the bottle against the Bible and the battle for daddy's soul. Here's what I really like. It's commode, hug and time in the valley. If you want to keep the beer real cold, but it next to my ex-wife's heart. My wife ran off with my best friend and I miss him. 26-11-560 WQM good old Larry Lujek. Well, he was sure good how many years ago. About 30 men. He was great. Anyway, somebody suggested as the city if they were loaded with cash that they would live in. And do a la vie. Give me here, that? Sure. You did? It's right there in Spain and France on the border. It's a world smallest country. That's the only reason I know about it. Right. You really had heard about it before the Spanish since I was a little kid. What's the world smallest country in door on the border of the world? It's his I know never heard of it. Well, I didn't. It's a city that's part of the small Pyrenees Mountain Country of Andorra. A situated on the French Spanish border of Barthalona. I visited Andorra frequently on business invocation. Just a beautiful place. No taxes, great banking laws. International connections, beautiful geography. Friendly people, fantastic restaurant shopping out directivity and culture. And there's even a website they got here to check it out for more. Population about 65,000 in the entire country. No airport access, but real system connecting to major nearby airports. Multigale, lingual and cultural Spanish, French English, Katalan. Piesto telling anybody about that would spoil it from your view. Andorra la vie. And somebody also says Lake Tahoe de Vada. That's a beautiful place. You ever been there? No. Well, I would suggest you, you might go there. Don't get lost at what mountains on your drive through California. I have a GPS. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. They're using GPS as I was reading this morning on Yahoo, which it's not worth talking about it on here. In Holland now, and Amsterdam, they're using GPS systems to track stolen bicycles. Good. Is that a good idea of, well, there are a lot of bikers there. I'll tell you that. A lot of biker bars too. 111 boats on a pole so far. If you had tons of cash, what one city would you choose to live in? Honolulu 37. New York 25. My name is 17. And of course, what we say, my name is soft floor. You know, right before Lotto de Do. Could be sweet water. Could be pemerpines. Could be sunrise. Over time. Liberty City. Opalaka. My name is 17. Toronto 12A. Amsterdam 9. Rome 6. Rome. Oh, I love Rome. Stockholm 3. Naples 2 and Nash. Ottawa. Thomas. Hey, we're going to put it on here for you. Mind your better vote for it. You're all the same? Yeah. Yeah. We're going to put it on the pool. You better have a party. Yeah. Go. Go steal some food or something. How was that? Fred? I think. WQM. Hello. Hey. New. How's it going? Pretty good. Two things. One. If I could afford it, I like the live on. Okay. And second, as far as everything that's going on in the world with a freedom of everything, I use two important assets, assets, assets, assets, but on the big picture, and I'm no conspirator. Yeah. I can be talking. That's okay. I think this is on the head for a one-world government. I think that's why we're trying to take the rock because we want to get a strong load over on that side of the world. And not now, but sometimes I think it's in the next 300 years, it's all going to be one big government. Just take over the whole day and we're going to do it. There you go. And the big business is because you're going to have a few businesses, one government once a month. There's only a big 10 businesses and one government. I think you got your thumb on it. And thank God we won't be here. I know. Still good to hear you, man. Good luck to you, Pally. Thank you. Good. We won't be here. Except the course for you. We'll help people to be living at 5,600. I think 90's old enough. Senators move forward on tougher in decency standards. This is just makes me, my, makes my bowels twitch. A Senate panel yesterday paved the way for a broad crackdown on offensive radio and television programming, including extending stiff fines to artists, limiting violence and temporarily preventing broadcasts just morning more stations until at least that's a good part until potential links between media consolidation and in decency on airways can be studied. See that they're doing that for the wrong reason. It's not the late between indecency and consolidation. That's not the problem. The problem is consolidation and having no choices. That's the problem creating monopolies. You're destroying the business for those people inside of it outside of it and in on top of it. That's the problem. But don't confuse the Senate with that. The series of votes by the Senate Commerce Committee could sharply raise the states for the entertainment industry in the wake of the big Janet and the just in flag. The incident sparks with condemnation and investigations by the FCC and the bills are rapidly advancing in both the House and Senate. Of course, it also has fasting movement something like this. Anything important, man, the budget, I mean new name at education, they are arguing a drag their feet and they are dilly, dally and dick around. But not here. They're moving like lightning, like grease log, like the Tampa Bay lightning. In both the House and Senate, the strength in the FCC's hand is the overseer of broadcast licenses. Following the lead of the House Energy and Commerce Committee earlier this month, the Senate panel approved increasing potential fines for indecency 10 fold from the current $27,500 to a maximum of 275,000 for first time off in the broadcast. The fines can then escalate to 375 grand for a second violation and 500,000 for further incidents. But with limited $3,000 and $24 per year, and that's good. But the Senate panel added several new provisions that push well past the House Bill setting up potentially contentious negotiations between the two bodies. Under a provisions passed by the panel, the FCC can double fines for indecency and obscene or profane languages or images when the offending program was scripted or planned in advance. Or if the audience was unusually large, such as for national or international sporting or awards event. Now, that's kind of a hypocritical. It sounds like to me because on a one hand, the FCC says, oh, even if you're number one with the 90s share, that doesn't get you off the hook. But if we're going to punish you and you've got a big audience, then it just gives us an excuse to stick it to even more. Do you see what I'm saying? Product crap. That wouldn't compass entertainment award shows during which artists have uttered explitives. The bill approved by the panel also would give the FCC. The bill of the U impose the same fines on artists as it could impose on broadcasters. If the on the air talent willfully use indecency to profile language images, when they knew it would be broadcast. And the bill would direct the FCC to develop rules for controlling violent program during hours when children likely to be tuned in and hold you breath for that. Oh, my God. This is for 205. 2A. 2A. I'm a Catholic. Man over 40, waking up to a surprising fact. Oh, my God. I'm sleeping with an old woman. I'm your wife and your old. I'm the same age as you. No, you're old. Oh, I'm a heaven of a heart attack. It's a good thing I just continued perusing the rest of the story from the Washington Post about the Senate Commerce Committee. Yeah. You're wondering why? Why? See, this is what the media does. Even the prestige is used to be prestigious Washington Post. And this story about the indecency standards and what the Senate Commerce Committee did yesterday in the very last paragraph, which I hadn't even read yet. Why you moist your time at last paragraph, right? Sure. What? It says by a narrow 12-11 vote, the committee defeated a provision that would have extended the FCC oversight provisions of indecency and violence to cable and satellite programming, except for paperview channels such as HB. Oh, I'm going to read that again. Could you? See, and then, in the meantime, radio business reported as you're quoting their so obsessed with their source inside infinity about, well, how are cancels on satellite? Because first of all, you've got two years left in this contract. And secondly, the FCC's going to regulate the satellite radio according to our rules. Well, guess what? No. Came damn close, though. It's pretty scary. Almost as scary as that groat test kit by Todd Bertuzzi on Steve Moritob Bertuzzi. Kick him out of the game. You're pretty upset about that, aren't you? I'd live it. Tom Bertuzzi's interronged days matter fact they're holding a hearing out of that tie domain of a few swings at him, or maybe Donald Bercher at any rate. By a narrow 12-11 vote, the committee defeated a provision that would have extended the FCC oversight provisions of indecency and violence to cable and satellite programming, except for paperview channels such as HB. Oh, so that's good. That's at least one little bit good news. At least for the tie being. But look at that 12-11 vote. Look how close they came. Is that incredible? Incredible. Incredible. So in other words, think of some of the channels that they have other than paperview on cable. That they have that they use all kinds of language, I mean, there's some paperview, but HBO is like premium channels. I think that's what they mean by that. Yeah. Paperviews, those that like the tie's and fights and all those. Well, in other words, you have to pay extras with your privacy. I'm a premium channel. What do you want to define? But how about some that are part of the basic package? VVH1. Uh, the food network. The freaking food network channel. If they would have regulated the food network, and Emerald can have said, BAN F*** no more, Armory Central, where they did say the S word on South Park. Oh, no. Comedy Central? Mm-hmm. You have to be kids. God, kids, are you f***ing kidding me? Wow. That is scary. But anyway, that lost. 560, let's get a whole bunch more names for our show. So that it has some meat to it. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WM Hello. How are we, Yelp? Yes. You know, I know that for hanging up towards you. I'm going to have bad things to say about me. I'll tell you what. Okay, good. Then I'll just hang up on you first. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. When you start a call like that, it's a death wish, right? It's a regular chronic. I want to rip you an ass, which, sure, quite frankly, gets really boring after WOP. You don't like George Don't listen to him. You know, hate him like poison. Get a voodoo doll. Do whatever you like. But when you start on a call like that, it's like, you have nothing to say, basically. If you had tons of cash, what one city in the world would you choose to live in? What would be your home base? Honolulu 51. A beautiful place, Magnetico. New York 31. New York? My name is 25. At Toronto 15, Amsterdam 12, Rome, at Toronto 17, like I said, Amsterdam 12, Rome 10, Naples 7, at Naples Florida, which I find most amusing. I'll certainly know that it would voluntarily live in Naples, Italy. Not from what I'm here. And I never been there in a Maco and I hear it's nothing but slippers and really nasty. Stockholm 5. See, let me ask you one thing. One for an ass, I'll one for Andrew Lavaya and one for Jamaica. Stockholm is so far north. You know, the Scandinavian countries now generally like in Amsterdam, the people are very Pasty, very white, complex, like the Brits and the Irish and the Scottish right. And all those that are very silly people on the British House, very Pasty, complex because they never get in no sunshine, except for those rosy red cheeks. But, like in Denmark and in Helsinki, Finland and in Stockholm, the people are complexed like that. They're like, they're just beautiful people. They have magnificent skin coloring and while you see all the Swedish models of course. Sure, I'm not just talking about makeup. I'm just talking their natural flesh color. I do a fin too and she was a Pasty. A Pasty fin. Yeah. WQAM hello. Hello. Yes sir. Body goals. WQAM hello. Yeah, lots of things. Last day is okay. Nice place to visit, but this guy wants to live there. We'll put it on there. We'll hume you. 560560 pound 560 on the 18. Now, you say a fin wearing Pasty's. I don't think you can say that normal. Better check with them off my stir. Okay. For us, if it's only worth any more either. So stop it. WQAM hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Hey, how you doing today? All right. Well, just come to add to the pool and say some nice things to you. One to my side. I'd love to live the same John's version island. Virgin Islands. Yeah, we've been there. Now. Let me tell you something. I have all the places in the Caribbean. Same John, same Thomas, Virgin Islands. How many white people live in the same town? God, sir demand. It's actually seated. A lot of Americans who are, I mean, it's an American, you know, nation, but there's actually a lot of white people in general. A lot of the pot George too. Oh, great. Yeah. So, you know, it's going to be down for that when it's absolutely great. Okay. Another thing. I just wanted to to mention, all year. I happen to be a team that's going here. Pretty rare, huh? Can this word. It's very weird. Yeah. George was that. Hello. Go ahead. Your phone's crap and out. One thing I want to add about a month or another wonderful thing that I love that you provide on this program is whenever you click. Hello. Yeah. When you click you throw it on the air. I just heard it. I love the old music. Oh, you don't cover your mouth. You just talk up a long right on the air. Right. That's right. It's fantastic. Well, they haven't banned that yet. Well, wait for the new and fun for the new regulations to come on. Have a great life, pal. Keep it going now. Put scenes. Do it. Do it. Oh, let's see. Here's a fact. Is this place, but San Francisco on your pole, okay? I don't like it there, but this particular person does. I can't stand them for this go. It's windy and cold and nasty and too many of those clones running around here. I mean, they all have that same fruity mustache you look. I mean, more power to them. You know, power to the people. I don't like it there. P.S. yesterday I voted with my heart when I voted for Chris Synthesch in November. I'll put with my head for carry. When we say, audio, once and for all to W. Nice job. I got the numbers here, which sure will get to them. I don't want to spend much time on it because nobody showed up anyway. About 17% in Broward and Palm Beach. Only 13% showed up to Bob and Devote and Dave County. You want to know why that is? Why is that? There are two busy practicing calling, Mr. going, Marty, come on. Who got role next? That's their thing, you know. Plus, I'll tell you one thing I would have brought him the polls. If that person would have been on the ballot yesterday. Yeah. But wasn't. I'll give you 500 guesses. Are you serious? Oh, I am good now. If city would have been on there, Dave County would have been there. I would have been just massive numbers showing up. I'm surprised that really, right? Yeah. There are right in C. The cruise next time you have an election that you don't want to go to. 13% voter turnout in Dave, Now let's see how did the carry had 80.6% in Dave County. Edward 6.3, Sharkton 4.3, Howard Dean 2.6, Do you believe her been 1.9%. Oh, hey. Dennis Cassin is 1.4, Wesley Clark 1.3, Carol mostly Brown 1.2, and Dick Kephard only a half of percent. Only 2506 people voted for Dick in Dave County. In Howard. Wow, wood! 17% voter turnout a little bit better. Nothing spectacular because why, you know, it's too bad that Edward's had dropped out before the Florida primary. It would have been interesting to see how many people bomb it about. In Howard County, Carol mostly Brown 1% West Clark 1.3%, Howard Dean 2.3%, John Edward 6.7%, Dick Kephard 0.77%, Wow, he, Nobody likes to add Dick. John carry 80.89%. Cassin is 1.39, Lee Roman 3.13, the old Jews in sunrise. We're not voted for Jewel Lieberman. Oh, hey. And I'll sharpen 2.45% and in Palm Beach County last and certainly least, 17.21% voter turnout yesterday. Carol mostly Brown 1.5% Wesley Clark, a 9 tenth of a percent, small potatoes. Howard Dean 2.26% John Edward 5.62, Dick Kephard again, Leib, only about 5.55%, 425 people in Palm Beach, and they probably thought they were voting for Palm Beach. John carry 85.29%. I like that. In Palm Beach, as these people don't want to make the same mistake again, they did four years ago. Dennis Cassin is 1.33%, Jewel Lieberman, only 1.74% and Al Sharpen 1.76. And there you go. Don't you think it's kind of a wasted time, really when I'm in one of the day, do that. It's like Bush, like the Republicans, they're having their thing in, well, Bush has got a lot to up now, but he's nobody running against him. What's the point? I'm going to queue in, hello. You can use so much thunder if you say Pat, because I'm not going to five thousand voting hall beach. Wouldn't surprise me at all. Perhaps it's a nice perfect. Listen, I, you know, I have watched the career bill Mar for a while, and I still care for him, but he made a cool comment on Friday night. Yeah. And this Ash Broncos is in the hospital. He got infected from wiping his butt with a bill of right. That's beautiful. I like that. I think it's very, oh yeah, Real Mar says a lot of the right things I just can't stand him. I just wish somebody else was saying it because he just makes me ill. Exactly. And Carlin's good. Is this the last show for a while. Carlin's going to be on Friday night. I'm looking forward to that. He's going to be on where? Carlin's going to be on March, and Friday night. Uh-oh. Yeah, I'm going to be here in a lot of those. You're not going to be out here tonight. Oh, that's right. It's beautiful. Thank God for each of you. Yeah. It's an amazing how, you know, for whatever 15 bucks a month. They do everything right on that network. The movies are better. The news is better. The sports is better. Right. It's amazing. Well, I don't think you're going to love the cook. I think it's a talk to you. I'm a lead your baby and your and your university's March first. And I consider you a special gift to me every year. Well, thanks for the success. I'll thank you, Palin. Thank you. See you. And happy birthday. 1056 at 560WQM. We got the mad dog at 2 the Humpur at 4 Marlins on deck at 650. The Dodgers and the Marlins in Jupiter. 705. Any K at 10 tonight and. My and local. We're sports video 560. You a. You a. Hey, it's Howard. Howard David. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. You. Some day. Yeah. There. I. Pretty. Empire. we're. We're. We're. Take. We're. Pretty. Here. Maybe. Well. We've. Kevin all wanted five fifty. the WCU and we got to it in 20 votes pretty weak on our poll but that's because we haven't added a lot of names on there yet. We'll get around to it or not. We'll see. If he had tons of cash what one city would you choose to be in Honolulu, 61 New York 43, Miami 29, Toronto 19, Amsterdam 16, Rome 16, Naples that we should put Naples Florida okay. I guess. By me, Eric, you know he's up there in Orlando so he's a Florida boy so he's you know from anywhere with all these little hick-town. I mean beautiful places in Florida but the Naples Florida because some people might look at it at the first time and they're like, oh, Naples, if they're Tanya, you know I'm not. Sorry. Stock home six San Francisco five. I'm shocked. And door La Via for Virgin Islands 4 Jamaica 2 Las Vegas 2 and Nasa has got to appear out of 224 votes. Now why did you email me this thing with you? Is this like a killer show someday? Exactly. The 100 most often mispronounce words and phrases in Engelsh. Some of them are obvious and some of them are, are not just a thing. Do you mean like Axe? Yeah, obviously. Boy, if there's anything they're really just frost my ass. It's when anybody says, can I ask you something? Let me ask you a question. Can I ask you your head? It says this this pronunciation has been around for so long that a linguist Mark Erwin all thinks we should cherish it as part of our linguistic heritage and most of us would give the Axe to Axe. Axe to AKS. Athlete? Yeah. I like these. These are cute. But we don't want to get sidetracked on this do we? No, not for some risk. We need like dozens and dozens more names on Atlas. We got a pump up that total course main reason you want to go to our website today. Check out the lovely picture in the beaded curtain section of Linda Blair. Just really shocked to hell out of me. How about a beautiful place they say? Yes. Best beaded with America line. Have you heard? Is it lay on the phone? How about wish learn particular? Whistler BC, okay, they're with that's where they got the really good weed. Okay, pal. See you around me. Vancouver British Columbia, let's give that on there. Okay. And spotted a Todd Burtuzzi creep. Hey, we hate you Todd. You're a good man. We hate your guts. Hope they suspend your rest for like five years. WQM, the office line nine. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, you're screaming. Screamless. New? Yes? No. Okay, it's not Neil. It's okay. Okay, I had to hear you talk to him once. All right. Hi, Linda Blair rhymes with, you know, that's a nice picture. You were here. Oh, yeah, you, when I first two, then you were talking about Don and Mike. Right. What was what were you saying about? I said Don and Mike. Well, that's what I said. He did Neil. What's the Gilbert doesn't know anything about Don and Mike. I'm sure he's never heard of him. Don and Mike used to be on W. I. O. D. He's heard him. We all heard him. They suck and have a nice day. The thing about Don and Mike was the KC. I'm glad he mentioned that door again because I want to keep our Pete misses often as I can. I might motivate somebody somewhere to pick up on us. KC, what are we going to get this from? Um, or radio and records today. KC JJ, Iowa City, I want to spend it. Band A. M. station owned by Steve Bridges will print its talk at hot AC program. E. M. Tomorrow, 5 in a morning till 6 p.m. To air messages urging listeners to contact the FCC's commissioners and those in Congress, representing eastern Iowa. What a voice that is special with the current climate attacking the fundamental principles of free speech and choice Bridges says, well, the like Howard Stern and not, we don't carry the show. 18 million people do. Third channel is every right to cancel it on their stations, but the government is no right to threaten others who demon appropriate. It should be left up to the communities they serve. KC JJ carries the Westwood one, citricated down in my program, and today's best music the Westwood day. And I tip my head if I were were one, I tip my beanie. I tip my head gear to a KC JJ in Iowa City. I want to, it's a, I've got seed balls a thing, man. Unfortunately, do you think anybody else is going to be doing that? No way. No way. We got money to make. We got bigger fish to fry. Spineless, gutless bunch of cowards. That's my colleagues in a broadcast industry, but just Spineless jellyfish. WDQAM Hello. Yeah, what was that guy smoking? I want to say George is gay. WDQAM Hello. Hey, you know, I'm going to be a little bit of a fire for it. Do you know you have one of those folding billboards? Yeah, we're on, on how and how? Yes, sir. Okay, have a good day, sir. And thanks so much. Yeah, we got billboards all over the place. We got billboards up the old nostril. Back to him. No, we can't say then. All over the place. We got some billboards. I go on Greg, but of course, you know, he'd like Humpty Dumpty again. If he breaks all the pieces all over the place, all of the, see the egg, if you drive it around South Florida, you'll see pieces of egg. Some of those pieces of egg are in Greg's face, of course. And the other pieces are just all over it. Just littered along the landscape. You'll see him. That's the QAM egg. The Greg broke it was in in pieces like Humpty Dumpty. Ever see Humpty Dumpty and Greg together? Well, same person, EG. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, who words I hate that I don't like is when people say ERAGARDLIF, what didn't even know word? I wonder if that sounds less. Let me see if I can find it. That's not another list of words that don't really exist. That doesn't exist. And when somebody says all of them say, yeah, all of them say, yeah, I love that. I hate that. Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, it's on here. ERAGARDLIF is instead of a guard list. There's less already says without. So there's no need to repeat the same cinema with ERAGARDLIF as an ERAGARDLIF. ERAGARDLIF. Oh, I can't, I can't, you know, the same but actually, what's the mean? All from saying is a cringe. Well, see that acting used to be a black thing, but now it's also a recon thing, I guess. And who do you, I know all kinds of people who aren't well educated say, yeah, it's got to actually something. Do you want white people say it, too? That's what I'm saying. Yeah, well, you know, you know, it's so funny, you know, you watch a movie that is set in the future and you see how the government is controlling them and all in everything and you can years go, you might laugh and say, that's crazy. But now it's so coming through it, and then 1984, you know, you just came, believe what you're seeing what's going on. And I can't believe how passive the public is. I mean, no matter what it is, a public just sits back and whatever the media tells them they should be concerned about, that's what they get all whipped up about, you know, Martha Stewart and all of a sudden crap. And while their freedoms are being taken away, they're like, uh, oblivious. Well, I don't know if you heard Howard this morning, but he was, uh, you know, he was almost giving up and then he wants to fight back and he just feels it is nothing that he can do. He just feels his hands is so tied. Yeah. That's, uh, they're going to get him regardless of what he, uh, regardless of what he, um, what he, um, what he does and it's a shame and it's going to happen to everybody and, uh, when we left with, uh, I'm not going to happen to everybody. And it's not going to happen to everybody. That's why I differ with you. It's going to happen to those people who are too stupid and stubborn to understand what you see if you're driving down a highway, if you're driving down I 75 or whatever, 95. And you see 40 radar cops, okay? And I got, you all have been got their radar guns pointed at the traffic. If you have any brains, you're going to slow down to the speed limit, but until you get out of that situation, see what I'm saying. I feel what you think. But if you want to be stubborn and say, well, I'm driving a Lamborghini, man, I got a really hot fast car here. I'm going to show them. Well, then it's just, no, no question to bother. They're going to nail your ass. So that's, you know, there are times when you use your brain and there are other times when you want to be stubborn. Hey, Neil, uh, yes, uh, for you, uh, I'm looking at my place in my orchestra, so uh, it's main be beautiful there. So I think that's a nice place. Okay. We'll see you there, Pally. Okay. Bye bye. My Yorker, MAJ ORCK, CAA. How old I just say, MAJ, MAJ, MAJ, MAJ, MAJ, MAJ, CAA. What can I say that? I don't know. God, I must be catching from this list that you send me. I'm a fairly illiterate guy. I'll break it over here. We had tons of cash in one, what city, uh, what are you choose to live in? How long was 68 New York 46, Miami 33, Toronto 22, Amsterdam 21, Roll, M. 17, Naples Florida that is 15, Naples Florida. Can you change that? John Shard is the error kept through that. You all take care of it. Please. Uh, let's see, where to? How am I? San Francisco 10, Virgin Islands 9, Vegas 8, Stockholm 6 and Duralavea 4, Jamaica 3, NASA 2 Vancouver and my Yorker 0. Why does so many people? And I want to do that phase. I thought, oh, I sure love to live in Vegas. I've been started looking, you know, prices of property on a crap. Why would you want to live in Vegas? I don't know. I don't understand people who want to live in like Phoenix Vegas, the desert. Well, I mean, forgetting about that. I mean, the weather doesn't bother me. I went to 150 and does video more than like, oh, 110 or dry, right. But well, that part of it does get to you. There's a lot to do there. There you go. Oh, that's right. You're going there. I've been there, but yeah, I'm going back. Oh, no, I'm going. No, there's a lot to do there. But other than gamble and eat. And we can't leave. We can do it. Oh, get on here to show us. Well, what did you what name me a show that you went to in Vegas? Well, I was going to go to the topless magic show, but somebody that I was there with didn't want to. I see. I went to see Luis Miguel and Caesar's. He was great. But I also saw Luis Miguel and Miami. So I didn't want to go to Vegas to see Luis Miguel. You know what? I did see the Lance Burton magic act before he was all big. Yeah. Oh, guess who's going home? Roy is going home. With a skull. With a little, uh, beaded the skull. Yeah, I heard they put a hinge on it. No, seriously, he's going home. He's walking a little bit. He's shuffling around. Good old Roy. So before long he'll be doing it with the, big cats again. Twelve minutes after 11 at five, 60 WQM. If you're at a dead end job, if you're underpaid no overtime, you'd like to get a new high pan career, but you don't have the cash or the time to waste four years on college. Here's the answer for it. It's not as difficult as you might think. All you have to do is make one easy phone call to our group close personal friends at fast train at one eight six six fast train. These folks can have you train in certified for a brand new high pan computer. You can have work professional career and a short time is four months by July. You can be fully trained already for a brand new career. Fast train offers day, evening we can classes to fit around your schedule. They offer you job placement assistance even financially to people who qualify. Fast train got seven Florida locations to this body when you're by you too. So don't delay if you're really tired of working for peanuts and having no life and no cash. Pick up the phone and change that situation right now by calling fast train because in just four short months you can be on your way to a new high pan computer career. Check them out the web if you like it fast train.com and then make that call one eight six six fast train. Hello this is Michael Powell, son of Colin Powell who helped us send me to this lofty position through certain new political favors. I'd like to take this moment to talk about the field that we hear on the radio airways. Thanks a day I might even turn the radio on to hear it myself. So I announced from this moment on all radio broadcasters of the things near title corporation not adhering to the victims handed down by the holy ones of the Saudi Bush royalty, lords and givers of life. Finally, son of England. We'll be stripped naked and medically sewn together by Dr. Laura Megalove to a Jewish child. I urge you to stop this center of film. It's basically pay for it. I don't wear Republicans and that's an all-move 11 17 at five 60 W.D. who I'm van Cooper got a vote. Tracy and Kendall says she wants to eliminate Pacific Beach or a two specific which it is San Diego, California. Let's put San Diego on there and here it's a beauty is. Yeah. Nice climate. What you don't like it? No, I've heard good things. I just never been there. Well, I never been there either. So let's take Tracy's word for it. She says they showed Hank eating at the arena during the heat game last night. Cut it out, how bird? How could it eat it all right? You should eat you warning and put down the forks as Tracy. She wants to make a shameless request. Could you please play the bit where the kid does you show I'm afraid she's talking about your meals and she oh god. That must be what she's talking about right? Well, I guess well and then she also says in honor of our great good departed friend. Hardy. Yeah. Holy fat Don Cox. He was fat too. Right, drinking. What? Don't be attacking dead people. I'm not a fat person for those of you who are fat and drinking. You're going to die and you fat who aren't drinking are going to die too. Anthony says Jamaica, a town called Mandavila, thought he played hockey from our used to being Cornell and the Leafs and the Samus Kurt Mandavila. And anyway, Jamaica's close enough Anthony. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. How many QM? Hello. Oh, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. What's the seeer talking about the asking in action? And I remember when you two in the year a great mayor Ed Couch. And mentioned about teaching our children how to stay at instead of acting. He was ripped a new one by all of my no hardy crew. Really? But we graduated today. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. You know what I'm saying? No one's saying. Can you see what I'm saying? Yeah. So Neil, I'll see you at the border. Well, yeah, let me ask you one question. 560560 pound 5 and of course, we've gone beyond that. And how long was that big about five minutes and then it became great? What up? What up? And if you say what up, you're obviously just trying to be cool. So don't bother with any of this crap unless you're one of them. And run off as you say. You're a say. Yeah, but that was like how many seconds did I last? About 30 seconds. Yeah, 30 seconds. See, they just keep moving it on and moving it on so that all of us old for us. We can't keep up with it. And quite frankly, I never wanted to keep up with. That's one good thing about me. To that advance. Had no interest. W to Q and hello. I especially hate the word, especially. Especially for you. Yeah. Okay. Especially if you remember that by the McGuire sisters, though, of course not. Long before you were born. McGuire sisters used to be on the Arthur God for sure. I believe a lot of other going. And which one was it was this fillet McGuire that was the gangsters a girlfriend? Sam G and Com of the gangster. Yeah, the mobsters girlfriend from Chicago, Sam G and Kana who came to a wicked end. W to Q and hello. Yeah, I'm speaking to you. Speaking. Neo, how you doing? Pretty good. Neo, what do you think about that guy? Pretosing soccer punch and that guy from the avalanche? One of the worst things I ever saw in my life. He should be yes suspended rest of the year and a playoff and maybe beyond. It was just protests. First of all, he grabbed the guy from behind. Steve Moore grabbed it by the jersey. Punched him in the back of that and then slammed his head down on the ice and his a big pool of blood. The guys had a broken neck and a concussion and a virtuosies here in Toronto day for a hearing. I hope they really nailed his ass big time. And the police are looking into it too. And your listen to the Vancouver fans. They're called up. Acted like he did nothing wrong. Full crap. That was one that may have been and that the only worst one was the one on the by Donald Rashir and Marty McSorley. You're your phone cracked out. When Marty McSorley whacked Rashir on the side of the head with a stick, that was worse. But this one was a close second. It's unacceptable. And unless they start putting into the end of the script, they're going to wind up with something I didn't kill about. There's just a matter of time. If they let this crack go on. We have a what's wrong with our game. What's wrong with your game is that you lost control of it. That's what's wrong with your game. It blows. WQM. Hello. Thank you. How you doing? Pretty good. In words. Words. What are words for it? Here's one for you. I've ain't got no education. But I have the age on all. They say, oh, get that some shot by the. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Wow. What? I mean, what's there to say? I mean, it's great. It's still on its own. It was a beautiful thing. Obviously the supplies are lasting. Oh, yeah. No question about that. And of course you start raw this with us list here. They're like lists. Yeah. Well, there's what already made for you. Remember to 1360 WKT and get some fron's list before noon. Bar bit you would. Well, now wait a minute. They have new uh, vet for boys and a lot of other Iran's who say nuclear. I bet that's on this list. Oh, yeah. There it is. Look at all of these is that there's no reason for them to miss pronounced half of them that way. They're not spelled that way. Just they pull it out of there. This is the British and Australia is finally American repetition of the U between the K and the L. Currently I'm using good reason to get it right. Nuclear instead of nuclear. I mean, it's it's an alternative. And I'll tell you another one is a jur. Yes, it's jeweler. Yeah. Jeweler. And it's jewelry not jeweler. See there goes Georgie. I want more of that joutalk. Jew started it. Can't control yourself, can you? Here's one of the says I used to work at the red lobster. Very popular with African Americans and they pronounce shrimp as swims. I never heard that. It's the same. It's a theme. Yes. It said it made me want to dunk their heads in the lobster tank. The swims. The swims. The swims. You got it done. I ride. He's been there with that. Oh no. Man, oh man, I'm going to go to Red Lobster for one say. Yeah, I think this is why I can hear about them swims. Take a recorder. I ride. Oakland New Zealand somebody says they want to live down under. I bet you that's a pretty nice place. I've heard about it. But wonderful things about New Zealand. Just two to M far from any place. But then there's some people that want to get far from what you should be civilized right now. I don't blame them. I want to get far away. Down under and never come back up again. 567 was speaking in Linda Blair pictures. That I'm really shocked. I didn't know she had it. The inner. Yes. That honor. Yeah. Well, we can't say what? One over there and another one over there. A match set. WQM. Hello. QAM. Hi guys. How are you? Pretty good. Great. Listen. How about red create? That is British taking his boat out the recreation. Recreate. But that's not even such a word. I don't think so. I don't think so. I probably won't be on here because there's no such word right? Who does? I know there's no. Well, let me look. There's recreate. Let's see. Now. Not on here. We occur. Yeah, we occur for recurring. It says you don't have to invent a new word from a cur. We already have a verb recur that does the trick. We occur. Revolent for relevant. But this is a good list. Reload for all. Yeah. That one really bugs me. Reload. Reload. Yeah. I talked to my Reload this morning. Reload to you. Any talk. Reload to you. Not reaload to you. Oh, Jesus. Everybody says that. I know I hate it. This thing is making me realize Americans are have a lot of them. And then I realize they were all though. I will say this. Then you really realize. I will say this. You talk about people who can't speak in a language. You go to England. You go where there are any brids, man. You can understand a freaking word that these people are saying. You need an interpreter. They have no clue how to speak that language. It never ceases to amaze me. These are the people at least their ancestors invented language. And they never figured out how to speak it. Be like creating a brilliant and like creating, inventing the television set, but never learned to figure out how to turn it on. 567.0560. Pound five like Michael Powell. Like inventing the radio, but never figured out how to turn it on. How about you QA and hello? NEO. Yes sir. To add to you, I don't know if it's on the list. And this one just absolutely bugs me. I'm hearing it more and more on broadcast TV and even radio. Pacific. Oh yeah, let me give you a specific, uh, uh, city, uh, and see. Okay. Specifically, a specific, it evidently there's no more S in that word. Not on the list, but I'm with you. Okay. Thank you. Thanks a lot, Pelle. I'll see you in Hawaii, which is in the Pacific. Well, I'd go to show you how good education is. You can't complain about American education because generally speaking they're eight non. Very little. 26. Now see you got the whole show side track with this list. Nice drive, you know. All right. That's okay. They like this a lot better than the, uh, you know, places work because the other thing is a very, huh? That's why email the T. It didn't think you'd read it to after the show. Why? It's mixed in match. Sure. We can do whatever the holiday one. Whatever you'll kill the four hours. You know how we're seeing it's payday. I'm sure Clarence got that check it in my box on time or else. He started really bug me that Clarence because he's, uh, he's becoming more and more idiotic. I never thought that was possible. But, you know, his, uh, his, uh, his, ineptitude is started really show a big time now. Drowning in a sea of aneptitude, that's Clarence. Stick with a ball games. Okay. Stick with the beast. Stick with the UM. Stick with some of your own level. You and Mike Rosenthall. Stick on that level, Clarence. Okay. You're all right. You're not a bad guy, but, uh, get serious. As my little dog used to say when I mentioned Clarence's name, Esmerra Program Director. 26. Passed 11 at 5.60 WQM. How's that new year's resolution going? It's a 10th of March already. It's almost the eyes of Martian Saint Patty's there. And I bet you a lot of you people are fat. In fact, we got that article and everybody's talking about now and you know, it's how I'm resisting, but I'll get to it eventually about how fat more people are dying from fat than smoking from anything in America. We're fat. Well, let's talk to stick to a lot of these diet regimens. Not easy to stay with him because they're boring. Number one, there's a little variety number two, with balance for life. It's a piece of cake because balance for life is the premier meal delivery service. It's based on Dr. Barry Sears, the zone diet. And they deliver right here dough three meals and two snacks every day in a little black sack. With all that food in there five delicious feedings. How can you say you out of diet? So try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet and don't settle for no imitations. Imagine there's no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning, no calorie counting, not even any carb counting. People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month. With balance for life. The zone diet's been proven to lower diabetes too. High cholesterol and high blood pressure as well. And if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet, here's your chance. Balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because it's the only meal delivery company that offers you many choices. Let you go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach diet too. So like I said, if you failed in all the others and you're frustrated, you really want to lose that weight. You're what you're self to try balance for life. You'll feel the difference and see the results on the scale like right away. Call them full free today, 1 8 6 6 2 2 5 45 43 that's 1 8 6 2 2 5 45 43 or check them like I said on the web balance for life.com. Where are you exploding balls? What word did you say? When I'm in my best next take me off my show. Shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up. Every word that I say is under the microscope. Let's go get my life home. My food is so bland, ready to wear free food. Thank you so much for everything we've had. Coming out with sure and all I want to do is to be more dirty but don't buy your meat. I love a pretty cool 5 6 2 2 and we've got Mad Dog at 2 the Humphrey 4. Till 6 50 we don't want to overdo it and you're getting the hang of it. He's a hammer back into a training again. Because you got the excavation baseball, Marlins on the 3650 that's 75 the Dodgers and Marlins in Jupiter NHL the Lays Bertusi hearing. The NHL discipline we're hearing in the Todd Bertusi's attack on Steve Moore was slow starting the day says the Toronto star there's been a delay in the hearing and will take place later in the day NHL vice president and carry meager told reporters. The hearing was supposed to start 9 o'clock this morning the NHL's orifices in Toronto on the 11th floor the air Canada center A but about 30 minutes stop 30 minutes after the hearing was supposed to begin. Migratable reporters waiting outside that some parties involved in hearing it asked for more time to prepare they'd asked for more time to prepare. Let me ask you can I have some more time? No problem. So there are nothing much going on there yet but I know Georgia's on the edge of a seat about that. No question. Have you do the big suspension gigantic fine maybe 10 years jail time and after that let us Here's one is I know you're not talking about it but I don't mean to change the subject put some great chose to see in Vegas blue man group or surf the soul surf the soul lay oh lay oh Oh we can't play that anymore can we was that yeah we can play that okay that's remember that AC in bit which one surf the sole okay and a great place to live anywhere but here it says has Jason and Miami legs okay good that choice Jason well he's in Miami legs what he want How about conversation what conversation yeah I thought those were sneakers that's what the sneakers ate been here at more and more the conversation ate a whole bunch in fact maybe that's what Hank was doing he was talking to the arena last night conversation can you play on a monkey or monkey now let's see can we still play that I'm I'm goes to the lyrics in my head well that's not the one just a minute that's why we don't know how I don't want to we are bad then well laid out spritzer but that watch you I'll turn red like them I'm a theorem because she's a monkey so monkey we're all muckest all we would and wonder be a dog a cat or a horse or cow horse family and we like it and we've heard the things you said I guess what calls her name I can't think of them orangutans name on passion's like is it patience pressure precious very good how do you know that you talk it oh there are Alzheimer's that's on the solicitor old and I've heard it timers disease you've never heard anyone say that no and they're serious while it's a disease of old timers it's named from the German or else just doctor alois alois al timer old timers disease how's it going old timer and with a go surgeo this for you I hope we don't get in big trouble for a bit because Michael Powell don't like it too much Michael more my like it but Michael Powell don't like it WQM line 9 hello yes sir hey I don't know if this is come out because I'm a list of all a couple minutes but how about that phrase he did suspect to me that this makes you want to allow one of those Howard Dean's dreams he just respected me he did suspect to me him and I'm down before no I think it's in the abonic dictionary okay I'll be looking at for you don't eat thanks pal you ever heard that he disrespected me yeah he did this for me yeah right I mean that's that's reaching that's a reach five six seven oh five six the I'm sorry that I read that thing that you even because I find it extremely annoying but that's okay whatever these people like would make some happy that's what we're here to do make you happy kill four hours make you believe that you're in la la land not stuck in south Florida although my name is doing a good almost up to New York on here which shows that we got a lot of very poor people who can't get out of town if you had a ton of cash and one and one city to live in most of the time what city would it be how the little 81 new jerk a 53 Miami 51 meaning someplace in south Florida Miami like maybe haven't sure it would be good or a plantation acres or sunrise lakes Miami 51 Amsterdam 29 San Francisco 27 Toronto 25 Naples Florida 22 are these people joking us or what Rome 21 Virgin Islands 15 Los Wages 13 Stockholm 9 Vancouver 7 San Diego 7 and do all of via 6 Jamaica 5 NAS A3 in my orca 3 because that how do you spell my orca is it me L L R I trust them Eric and Josh I mean I've seen it in print as Indian times but I've for some reason I just the I don't know let me do a quick search on here and I thought with the else it's m a j it's that's right but I'm looking anyway my orca online the Beliric Island the only problem is so going online with these searches that if you misspell something they still comes up I mean just things like to do me know this right now but it doesn't do that google yeah google what google my ass hey you want me to dump that no seriously what why do you look it up I don't have time to do a lot of marketing a lot of things a beautiful place yeah I know I like this story though nine believers form political action group to rid government of religion this is in today's Palm Beach post I like it a lot it isn't going to go anywhere but I think it's great I might actually donate some cash atheist another non-believers launch day political action committee yesterday to endorse candidates and lobby lawmakers to remove all traces of religion from the government a row it's so long overdue a row about time all the god squad of diseases Christy right getch key already old orthodox uh lunatics and the muslim but organizers you know they face a major problem most politicians won't want published support from their new group which they're calling the godless americans political action committee that's gay pack oh gay yeah you beat me to it not a good idea to start any kind of an acronym there with the gay godless american political action committee so Ellen Johnson the president of the american apias to announce a formation of the group proposed an unusual approach godless american pack could use the threat of endorsement to pressure lawmakers in deciding with the group on issues if a candidate says don't endorse me we'll have to say we have the right to endorse somebody but perhaps we can talk about what we can get in terms of promises from that candidate help us out and return for not endorsing them Johnson told a sparsely attended news conference of national press club in DC sparsely attended the designated political director of the new group Jeffrey Lewis told a reporter later that I personally wouldn't use such a pressure tactic so far the group has little money to give away Johnson said they've got one initial donation a thousand dollars from civil liberties activist Woody cap on a Boston the new political organization spring out of a godless americans march led by Johnson here two years ago that gathering attracted a couple of thousand marches plus a few hundred hecklers few hundred hecklers of course that's right all you godless heathen bastards you god's got to punish you you're going to burn hell you're doing a work of the devil really are there any dumber people in the really religious uh not's you'll notice that the more uneducated people are generally speaking everyone's only generalization which we never do on the shore except for you a lot uh the more uneducated are the more religious they tend to be yeah it's like give me that good old hoax focus or some shrimps 18 till noon I never heard that before I didn't see him heaps now and what did he say I think he said something bad there myself holy she I did you hear what he just said shrimp hey if you're hungry if you want to break from the kitchen they do have shrimps by the do not say whatever he just said at the amulco's go pick your ass out of the room to never to go pick one of you say get out of here animal coast wants to do all the cooking for a man if cook up a feast like you've never seen it got six different delicious soups like your wanton and hot and sour and all the other ones it got dozens and zidians but good man of suck it on on trays I don't think we can say suck it on any more new r strip made awarded their absolutely at their uh sizzling aging we're along with the new seafood say jock oysters on a half shell that's can stone crab middleback clams and jumbo sheep scampy every night I said see them if you still have room saffower handcar permit the new tyspecialies the most coast don't use though MSG no cornstarch no crap they cook only with cholesterol for your oils so you never got to walk out of there with a headache they got a full salad bar a new sushi bar and fresh cocktail and if you have any room left at the end of the meal stick a crowbar in your pants and check out the dessert station because they got Belgian moffles pies takes I knew he was good for something you know it pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit to waterway to end a gigantic feast be sure and check out some of those delicious little suck in and see them amnled coast now with three locations summarized pine allot a 44th street columns out of just know the 163rd north night of beach and at the other such this let me go in pembroke roads in pembroke pies take the whole family book your ex business luncheon now let the do the cooking for you at the air mold coast take out and live we're always available to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two what is it five seven two thirty twenty two for the amocose whether you are a big cracker just a little see them they're local they're six these five six you I urge everyone to complain to the station I take your calls on the e-monics they say the future be right for me now I can't get snow job because I have don't got no little earth feed as talking like a no big road e-monics thought they how this way now I can't do nothing but I heard it say that okay change my name to shoot road drive a new set the code in the can of life I remember when I was dealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the building their box grind the blues out poverty white girls got snow job voting and time podium 11 chatter I got nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make more money. They have a pool, sounds good to me. I got plenty of nothing. He bonna think gettin' me anywhere. Baby I was woken away, bitch. Still a purse and full of hair. Then I gonna take some money by a stereo and a fridge of them. I remember when I was feeling all the white men got hanging out by the building of arms. Round the blues that part of the deep. Why there was got no job, baby. I got nothing to do with it. I got to go in, sell more crack, okay? Crack, okay? Crack, okay? Crack, okay? Crack, okay? Crack, okay? Crack, okay? Ten children at 5.60 WD3 and we got the hot little on top of our list of yet tons of cash. What one city would you choose to live in? Hot blue's got 91 votes out of 4.36. Pretty heavy duty. Miami 60, New York 58 and then way down Amsterdam 31. San Francisco's got... That's also the number of straight people live in San Francisco. Toronto 26, Rome 26, Naples, Florida 23, Virgin Islands 21. What's the evicts him as with the Virgin Islands? Virgin? Seriously, what's the big deal here? What's the attraction? I mean, I remember the girl. Good things. I see. Las Vegas 15, you'll be sorry. San Diego 12, Jamaica 9, Vancouver 9, Stockholm 9, My York 6. You know, you can do a Google search. I just did all kinds of searches and you can spell it either way and it still comes up. Doesn't correct you. Okay, well, but I'm sure that M.A.J. is correct. My York is 36. And Dora La Vie, what? However it is, it's right. And Dora La Vie, six and that's all I got for out of 4.36. The Vegas thing, all the way, didn't Bob Lincoln move the Vegas? I'm not sure. Yeah, I heard that. I think he did. I think he did. He's a kind of guy that would interrupt there. Like, he likes the big 10 gallon hat. He likes the enviva Las Vegas. Yeah, he likes being at the, and Elvis Junior kind of thing. Geneva Switzerland, somebody says, that's a good choice. I've heard lots of good things about Switzerland sprites, but I ain't never been there yet. So, make sure, Josh, when you put that on there, you put Geneva Switzerland, because they might think we're talking about Geneva, New York. Okay, speaking to young Neil. Oh, I got to play that, don't let me forget. Don't forget. Let's see, impact getting back to that other thing. It says, in the English language, things have an impact on you, but they don't impact you. I don't, it says, get it right, Rollin' Instead. I mean, you're weather blows. But anyway, I don't think that's correct. Can't impact be a verb? That's a good question. They, uh, online dictionary ought to answer it right up. Well, I'm sure that it is. It can have an impact, like, and also impact your life. I don't think there's any doubt about this. This is a no, no, no, trainer. It can impact your life. I would bet your life both your lives on it right now. And I'll throw in Greg in the clearance. I want to agree with you. It sounds correct, but you know how that goes. Are you looking it up? I am. Impact, verb. Now an or verb. Got it? Yeah. And, well, thing I know. I mean, I got it. I don't have it. Well, why not? How long can it take to do a, uh, a search? I got to get to the right thing. Man, oh, man. See, if you were doing that thing that I've been doing, that we're on now, what else I think called? What the feed, the feed demon? Don't you do that to feed demon that we're on there now? I don't know what you're talking about. The feed demon has got all the different feeds. It's got all the news stories, including ours now. Impact, now an impact verb. So it's a verb also. Right. You're absolutely wrong. I'm talking about it. If it's not a dot com, and, for example, even if you're going to have a word of the day, put Trishon is the word of the day. Or pay for your attention depending on how you be pronouncing it. So you're wrong, impact. And you wrote it in big bowl letters like, I'm going to show you a thing or two. Well, guess what? Wrong. Wrong. Jack and Elgin, Illinois. Is that Elgin? I don't know. Yeah. We're on it all this start. You started it with a damn list of yours. Sorry. Jack somewhere in Illinois says, I've been listening since the bird days. Love your show. You still live in Florida. But move to the Chicago where you're seven years ago. Good choice. Jack is a great city. I'm fine. I'm able to listen to you online every morning. Love the archives. I tried so hard to listen to man. Idiot man cow. But he used to be a, but he used to be such a bush liquor. He defended the war. Everything that bush did. He is also such a hypocrite. He talks about all this Bible stuff. And then in the next breath talks about screwing chicks. He's now totally changed his tune. He's screaming and yelling about losing his freedoms. Now, what a hypocrite says Jack. P.S. Love you, Neil. Thanks Jack in somewhere in Illinois, Elgin. Children. Eggland. Eggland Air Force Base. Whatever the hell it is. Got the same letters. You say it. How do you want? Okay. We're all a literate. At least I'm proud of it. Here's one from Frank and Melbourne who says, I hate the Ronnie Rade Gun Pronunciation of Government as government. After Reagan started all the Washington reporters. Peridited government. My wife adds illinouises for Illinois. I never heard that. Illinois. I say it. Illinois. There are people say, well, I just love your people to say, Chicago. I hate that. It's not Chicago. It's not Chicago. Good. Golly. It's Chicago. It should be another word that begins with C.H. That you pronounce better. Watch it. That's that. Huh? She's lounge. There you go. I mean, it's a French word but nevertheless, it begins with C.H.H. It's not pronounced. To Qing. Like that. If you're Cuban, you say, share. Right. Exactly. And move it on and Maddo Cohn. And that's pretty much your vocabulary. Especially. We already had that. Especially. And then it goes to talk to one of our fine commercials. Don't be knocking our sponsors. We need the money real bad. Okay. Especially under the current environment. So just leave us alone. But you got a good point. I hate that. Especially. Here's this and update or the sucker punch has critically injured. Not single crap. See. Why am I watching CNN? Come on. You're fine. I don't think about Todd Bertuzi. I could go on TSN. The sports network. I certainly wouldn't be watching OTSN. I guess what they got on TSN right now. What? I can baseball. I say touch them all. I don't keep it. Cool. Cool. I think. Curling. This is pretty exciting. I mean, that. But. Here we go. Sweet, big, good baby. Come on. Get that stone going. Go, Jamie. Get that stone. Give it a good prank. Have you ever watched this? Sure. I want to be a broom man. Oh, yeah. A sweeper. Yeah. Yeah. Listen to him. Oh, wait. I think we can put that on. Not that sound effect. Oh, no. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Is this curling or the playboy channel? She took your little. Wow. Wow. I think we might have just gone way over the line right there. And that was just curling. So it goes to show how perverted and photographic we are here. And I love it. 1156. Four minutes to load a QM. The mad doggy at two. The humpers back on here with a cicacy mist at the excitement. I love what I mean. What should do about nothing as usual with Greg and all whipped up. You know, getting everybody all bent out of shape. And there is more to come. Believe me. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are in. Incredible. You pay zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit. Your fees zero discounted points get yourself that unbeatably low interest rate of just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mere 334 month. If you have you a 200 thousand dollar loan, you pay only 608 a month. And don't forget once you're refinancing a new home mortgage from financial group. You will never pay closing costs again. Write down on your wrist. There are new tool free number. It's 1 866 395 lend and call them find out more about this. Pretty damn soon. Get the low rate mortgage you deserve. Then move on to your next property with no further cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fees zero dot fees zero closing cost even when you move your Ranshtron. Another property. Get the new low rate finance. It's just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group. And never pay closing cost again. 1 866 395 land. That's financial group at 1 866 395 L.E. And either an equal housing lender restrictions apply rates. Some have changed monthly 4.21 APR. We're supposed to be in 5 C.C. You a M. I am proud you and I will rush late and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap Knight from jewels and listening to the new R.K. I'm gonna miss the hour. I'm gonna miss the hour. I'm gonna miss the hour. Oh, there we come and down with an open up on St. Patty's Day. I'm great day for the hey you shall across the USA. But the gorilla, what is this I hear? This cry and valley who has a bunch of squares again this year. Who says I wish to? Oh god loves the Irish and less of course you're gay. Yeah, you won't be marching upon St. Patty's Day. You can be a bummer bucket to stop and shoot and have no gay. But you can't be an EU ship you're gay. No. Well the order of hey Barronians, both him and Mrs. Grey, have delivered this renouncement upon the blessed day. Short a little bit half- haven't fallen nestled in the sea. But you're going straight to help a homosexuality. Oh god loves the Irish as long as we're an event. It's a absolute occurrence we've never been short of them. You can be steaming in drunk and Ireland chunks the lemon all the way. But you can't be a US if you're gay. No, you can't be a US if you're gay. Don't even pay me a US if you're gay. I'll tell you one thing I finally figured it out. If you're seeing that big bunch of scotsman on a bus, yeah, the people from the British Isles are genetically challenged. Okay, that's the problem. All of them. The British got the Irish, the Brits, the Welsh. They're genetically challenged. Baguio City is, I'm sure that's not how you said. Baguio? Barrio? Ah, you looking into Barrio? In the Philippines, is somebody else? Yes, we'll just put down a Philippines. Just to pacify this fact because he says or he or she or whoever. This town is in the mountains, over looks to see the mean annual temperature is 76 degrees due to the elevation. And you can have frequent companions shipped up to the mountainside, lost mountainous. I think they drag them up on a rope. Hey, somebody sent me up a dope under rope, please. Do the old rope a dope. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got all kinds of stuff going on today. Thanks to George Fax and me that thing. I think we can maybe tomorrow. We'll look a little bit more. You know what I mean? We could take some of the best ones on there and make a pull from it. And then add to it. Show it. Sounds like a plan to me. A cross. As opposed to a cross. Right. Don't say a cross. It's easy to confuse a cross with cross, but better keep them separate. A cross. He went across the street. Half a David as opposed to a David, even if your Lord is named as David, he issues a David. It says. Half a David. An Arctic as opposed to an Antarctic. And how about February? Is that on here? Mm-hmm. Is it? Sure. Oh, it is. It's February. We don't like two syllables in succession with an R. So some of us dumped the first one in this word. Most dictionaries now accept the singular pronunciation. But if you have an Agile tongue, you may want to shoot for the original. Oh, if you have an Agile tongue, there's all kinds of things you might be thinking about. We can't say any of the con here anymore. No way. Don't even be thinking about that. If you have an Agile tongue, but nevertheless. February. No, I mean, February sounds stupid. I mean, don't really say February. I don't even know how you said anymore. February. February? Yeah. Yeah, you get it. You like sneak it in there real quick. But you don't say February. Oh, I just feel like stupid saying that. I feel like somebody we know. Absolutely. I want to do that. 560, 50560 did that computer show up yet, by the way? No. No. I sure hope it's there by two o'clock this afternoon in the QM building. You know, the one that keeps disappearing from my house? Yeah. I think you have a big QM. Hello. QM. Do you want to go? Do you want to go? Do you want to go? Yeah. I do. OK, sir. Listen, I was wondering if you defined out for me. Why Joe and Mark were not last night. I called the guy answered the phone and said that. They were called into the opposite of the last minute. Yeah. And I don't know what happened with you. You know, is anybody there? The guy that answered the phone that he had worked with you. Maybe he knows. Who, who, what time was this? At two o'clock when I put on Joe and Mark in the morning. We mean two in the morning? Yeah. I will check into a paling. All right. Thank you. OK, we'll get you some info on that. We got an info on that yet? No. 560, 50560, on the AT&T, in Verizon, wireless line. But I sure a lot of crap going down these days in this business. There's a lot of stuff. A lot of mysteries. WQM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing, man? Pretty good. Good. I don't want to listen for the last hour, but I wanted to admit. I wanted to make some of it touched on. It drives me crazy when people say supposedly instead of supposedly. Oh, yeah. I tried to do that. Hey, man, brother. What do they say? Supposedly. Supposedly. They say supposedly. I never heard that. I hear all time. Never heard that in my life. Drives the crazy. Just wanted to check in. Well, it's on here. It's on the list. It'll make you feel better. OK. OK. Thank you. I'll tell you right now. I don't want to sound like Eric and her like that. But the people here are in Canada. I have a lot better educated. I grant you the art as many of them. And no matter what their skin color is, they generally seem to all speak English. Very, you know, I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I hear people say supposedly more than the correct way supposedly. I've never heard that in my life. Supposedly. Supposedly. Josh. Yeah, I'm guilty. I guess. You say supposedly? Yes, sometimes. Oh, my God. He must have a brain like a shrimp. Oh, no. This is good. Well, well, well, well, go to your right. This is a good idea. Where do you find this? I was looking around for naked pictures of celebrities. Yeah. Because that's my job. Right. And that came up on one of the little, uh, Stights. It's, you know, if you're interested in naked pictures of women, you might also like this. I'll say it again, man. I lend a blur picture. I think is a damn impressive. I start on the, you go sweetheart. That's for my lend a blur collection. Wow. I, at one point, I kind of put it in the same category with like, Phoebe Cates. Really? No, no. She's always had that. And you know who's have to do those things? Yeah. Rick James. Really? Yeah. What are the disgusting thoughts? I'm in the middle of lunch hour now. And you're talking about that. Oh, man. Woo. Talk about freaky. Super freaky. Great. 100 most often mispronounced words and phrases in English. This is a beautiful. Oh, yeah. Bar bitchewit as opposed to bar bitchewit. Right. And I used to say that until somebody said, hey, asshole. You should say bar bitchewit. We're not a little kid. And then somebody gave me one and said, here's how you say it. This one. I never, oh, yeah, film film is the film. I think only really stupid people say film. Yeah. You got to be a moron to say that. Oh, ex, ex, et cetera. Yeah. Exetera, et cetera. Yeah. And it's et cetera. You moron. You idiots. I mean, I'm not all that smart. But Jesus Christ. Good going, man. Yeah. I'm going to express a right after it. It's as holy and moly. So not to make you want to go to Las Montanius and just hide out. I'd like to live in Italy in the, uh, in Sicily, Corrioni. I really would. I'd like to live in the end. I've never been to Sicily, but I sure it's so beautiful. Let me show you Sicily. Okay. Five six seven, five six, five six, five six, five six, Tony, and maybe, uh, Perugia. They have those great candies there, you know, Perugina. So I've heard so much. So much Dan good food in Italy. Now, how come we're so fat and they're not? That's what I'd like to know. All these stories now. They suddenly discovered after all this time that we're dying like crazy. Cause we're fat. Right. They just discovered that. They were looking for John Candy and they said, Oh, he's not around. Or he's dead because he was fat. Oh, how about Mama Cas, how she doing? How about what's your name? He used to be in Hollywood Square as the big fat, uh, Tudy, Tudy, Tudy fields. No. All these people had done because they were fat. Your friends had died that they were fat. Yep. Two of them so far. Two so far. We got people in that building. We're going to die because they're not just fat, but they're just gigantic. You know what I mean? Not just fat, but huge. That was funny. And who the hell might have talked at 196 pounds? And I see, very, I'm curiously. Well, I was 190 or three before I went out of vacation. Now, that's not, not really that bad, okay? Not good. Huh? Could be better. It needs to be a lot better. I'm functioning. I'm doing a show, uh, way over my playing weight. Now, people might laugh when you say that, but when you're diabetic, you have, you have a certain weight limit at which, when you get beyond that, you, it's very difficult to function. You know what I mean? Thaewon. No, no, seriously, when you get above, and then as you get older, that number keeps coming down. There was used to be able to function to 200. Well, when you get to be a certain another 10 years, then 190. And then see where I'm going? Yep. I think 90s probably hold an up though. An anti-obesity public service ads may be too much to stomach says USA today, eh? The government unveiled public service ads yesterday into getting Americans to lose weight and obesity experts are giving them mixed reviews. Kind of like those bush ads, again, very negative reviews. I got an article on that little bit later on. GOP boss ads insult the 911 families, but he doesn't care. Ed Gillespie, piece of crap. Anger 911 families again yesterday by saying only a small segment that we are very anti-war objected to pressure and pushes use the ground zero scenes in his reelection ads. The father of one I love and victim called the comment insulting. And there's lots more from the New York TV news. Double say that. The goal of the campaign, www.smallstep.gov, is that people take small achievable steps to improve their health and diversity obesity epidemic. Now let me ask you, oh, and you know, who said that the cheese had tummy Thompson. They dragged his ass out again. Cheese had. What an idiot. A drank water from a creek. Who, as long as I live, I'll never forget that. And then while we're on that subject, even though it's a little bit off the beaten path here today, let me ask you this question. How are they coming with a search for that entourage? Yeah. For that guy who was making all those envelopes up. Shut up. Okay. But how come the Italians read all that pasta? And everybody says, well, the Mediterranean died. Okay, well, what is that? Because it includes a lot of a starch. It includes pasta. They eat pasta like it's coming out of a faucet somewhere. Now I will grant you they don't need to gigantic humongous portions. And they don't eat like spaghetti with meatballs. God forbid. You would eat like an expert spaghetti meatballs. Like you would eat the old baton gulliman. They'll say, Oh, you're peaky. Hey, idiot. Or something like that. Problem is past noon at five, 60. You really need to be an idiot. Everybody who's never been to the right. If there was one, what? I'm going right now. No, seriously, you probably think I'm going to go to the end to them. Well, way before you would want to go to Amsterdam, trust me, you would want to go to Italy. I don't want to think about it. It is so fabulous, man. It's just the food and the people and the things to see. And you walk around and you're looking at these. It's like living in a time warp and you're looking on the sides of these buildings on O.V. I, I, well, what is that? That's a building that gets 2,000 years old. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I want to go. And then, of course, they got a lot of naked statues. They could statues to John Aschra probably don't want you to go, but he's busy healing up from his operation, which unfortunately went okay. Damn it. I'll take you one thing speaking of fat. If you're fat, you probably try in the Atkins dime or the sugarbusters or the South Beach that all the low carb sugar free diets are the rage down. In fact, a lot of the food joints are peddling low carb because they know that this is very popular now. And as a result, if you want to lose the weight on low carb diet, you have to keep on it. That's the key. You have to stay on it forever, really. And the number one low carb store in the world is the lights on my spoke. They've got a worth thousand low carb products to choose from. In fact, they probably got a lot of new ones too because I noticed toward this copy he's dated December 31st of last year. So it's now a piece of copy from last year. I mean, there's plenty of stuff on here, but I'm sure Troy, since you're doing such a magnificent job with everything else. They probably would be able to check this out to with our good friends over there. Over a thousand low carb products including breads and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips and brownies, chocolates, ice cream, pasta, sauce, ketchup, cheesecakes, everything out of the sun just above. They are free to water selection. The lights is open seven days a week from 10 to 10. You can always try anything to store before you bite and they got a knowledgeable staff. They know you're low carb dieting inside and out. And they've got the most complete line of Atkins brands products that you'll find anywhere. And Atkins products are on sale today. Next, circus every day at the lights. The number one low carb diet in the world is Atkins and whatever else. And the number one low carb sugar free store is the lights of West Booker. I'm the Northeast corner of blaze in 441. Right next to Boston Market. In fact, you can go next to it at Boston Market. Probably get some minute at the meat meatloaf. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Yes, you can stick on your Atkins at Boston Market. They got your turkey and stuff like that and they're still in business. Call toll free at the lights 1-877 low carb L-O-W-C-A-R-B or on the web. It's low carb.com. Don't forget to end one thing I don't think they do carry the West Market is... See you. There's only one to lights of West Booker. One to lights of West Booker is your official Atkins retail center. It's in Boca and it's swell. We're gonna buy it low. This is sports-winning place to do. You way, yeah. What? By the way, sir. I've been given it some store, see? How many tickets? I know that me and you get the do. Much better go with six to ten. And not in five. A gentile in the great future. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your weary bed. Stress on to tight. No chance I'll throw a show with you. I grab a dive. We'll be grab feet together. Why? I'll help you know that I'm a big, beautiful, a Brooklyn high-age. I've been with you. I have very body-but-due. You're not high-cutting. We know this can happen low. No way that it can be had a fight. That you'll survive. We'll do it on a hero's channel. And push it tight. That scrap paper can die. So we're going to go with you. So we're going to go with you. So we're going to go with you. So we're going to go with you. So we're going to go with you. So we're going to go with you. For me, is much better, 60-10, not five. It's only right. That I should get horse-leafed, but I think we might. We might be happy to get there. We're going to go with you. We're going to be there. We're going to go with you. We're going to go with you. We're going to go with you. We're going to go with you. We're going to go with you. We're going to go with you. 20-pash noon. I never let that finish all the way up before, but that time I was inspired. 20-pash the hour. And happy birthday. But what else do you say? Congratulations to Miguel and his lovely wife. They're baby with born a little baby boy. You say congratulations. Felicidadez. You have to play like a little something. All right. So, anyway, they had a baby boy. His name is Carlos. Now, I sure hope we don't turn out like sticky Carlos. Maybe a little freaky, but not quite that freaky. Why would you jinx somebody like that? My name is Carlos. We've had a bad luck in our building with Carlos. We've had three of them. Freak that's it's out of the reception desk, which is we don't know what the origin of that thing is. And then we had our Carlos, Venerable, which had less said about that the better. And then we got Carlos' peculiarity, whatever his name is. We can't quit dicking around with you, equipment on the weekend and dealing with all of our stuff. So, that's old for three. It sounds like to me. But maybe he can break the spell. And also, Geldia, his wife had another, she's popping him out like, like, from a pop up toaster, you know what? Right. Another one. And his name is Kyle. I hate to break the news to you, Geldia. Jews don't name their kids, Kyle. And South Park, you can be Kyle. But Jews don't name their kids, Kyle. I'm going to watch the South Park movie again because it'll pick me. Well, thank you very much. Thanks for the good news about the computer. The one that keeps the disappearing. But not that Josh has got a hold of it. Don't let go of it. It's squeezing it now. And the computer, too. What was that just saying before that? Kyle. Oh, yeah, Kyle. I'm going to watch that movie again. So, there were some good news. And that is, I want to read this one thing in case anybody must be for. The Senate Commerce Committee, they are moving ahead. It's tougher in decency standards. They want to find this one. I want to find that one. Any performer goes on TV and says anything. Like that. They're going to find their ass. But by a narrow 12, we will have him vote yesterday. The Senate Commerce Committee, the Fethy deprovision, what have extended the FCC over the side provisions of in decency and violence to cable and satellite programming, except for paperview channels such as HP. Oh, so they defeated that. So cable and satellite programming are safe for right now. Until they get all pissed off and fired up again. Well, we didn't go far enough. Let's visit that again. Let's visit it again. Love a neighbor like you'd like to be loved yourself. Yeah, okay. Wow. I don't think we can even talk about that. No way. Don't even. He's talking potty mouth and Ohio. He's going to get his ass kicked in Ohio because they're on the program rate is like over 6%. Right. A lot of people ought to work in those miraculous jobs that he've been promising. Well, guess what? Just like those weapons of mass distraction that weren't there. And jobs aren't there either. Oh, you wait and see this mother going to have a gigantic job report. Not. And let's see. Steve, facts and says people will say, Sautchich instead of sausage. He says mainly black people, if I can say that, you can't say that. Steve. Sautchich? I never heard that. Did you? No. Sautchich. There's some sort of video. He'll say Sautchich. Sautchich in Prolon and Kepergul. I hate that. It just makes me so squirm. You go to an Italian market and some of the New York weeders might be shopping in his A. Let me have a bottle of Kepergul. Oh, man. Kick them out of here. Wow. Pope would have them deported faster. And you can say the Swiss guard or fangs. John and Portse Lucy says all the guys who were blessed by because their prostrates wouldn't allow them to ring prostate stupid plus. Yeah, that's one. That's one of the most common. Is that on a list? I don't even think of peak. Not on here. That is one of the very most common. Instead of prostate, they'll say prostrate. Right. Prostrate yourself before Jesus. Right. Before the Lord. Before. No. Here's the facts from somebody that's really bent out of shape really pissed off, which is good. If you ever visited Rome, which I have, Mahlani times. Not turned man. And we'll again this year's matter of fact. And you still pick Honolulu, my New York San Francisco, etc. You're right. The more on it says, with no taste of intelligence, plot so ever. Well, there must be a lot of people who have no taste at all. I was a tough choice for me. And I had three to choose from in my mind. And Toronto, Amsterdam, or Rome. I'll take another city that will two more. Neither which are on the list. Let's put them on or anyway, because these people are too stupid to say, Berlin and Colone Germany. Can you handle Colone? Josh. See, oh, L.O.G. any? Colone. Or you could spell that the German by K.O.L. and, but I don't think we have the thing with the two dots on our typewriter. You could put them in manual. Oh, and speak into that. When you go to Germany, it's the Internet, the Internet cafes, and you're dealing on the net. It's really kind of freaky, because I'm like, I'm just a dumb, or the keyboard is exactly the same as the one that we use. In Germany, it's not. The letter Y is where the letter Z or X is. I'm not really sure which one. Is that or maybe, huh? Is that. I don't know where to stop with that, please. But the letter Y is way down there on a bottom in the left hand. And the at symbol, instead of being on the number two, the at symbol is on the Q letter. And on the keyboard, there's an extra key that you have to press for alternate whatever's. And when you press that in the letter Q, then, for example, if you do near, you know, email at awell.com or whatever, if you use the at symbol, it's on a Q button. That's pretty strange. Queer. Ah. Anyway, some of these anti-obesity ads, it's our surreal in one TV, which I saw this morning on CNN. Boys playing on a beach discover a human belly. Did you see that one? Yeah. They're poking at it and the little on kids says, Oh, I guess they must have left their big belly here on a beach. Now that the implication being is very, very sublible, that if you walk it on the beach, that you leave your big belly there. That's right. And another shoppers find a double chin in a grocery store. Several print ads focused on close-up shots of heavy stomach, thighs, and buttocks, and straw they might slim down as their owners get more active. Peggy common president of the ad council, which produces public services. The new ads were test market on audiences and everybody really understood them and felt motivated and then went back to sleep. Other city has might offend overweight Americans. See, I find that I'm acceptable to bad offensive even. The message to you and be more active is good, but to set it up on a way that makes overweight people look disgusting. Is highly insensitive, stigmatizing on unnecessary. Says Kelly Brown, they'll directly or the Yale Center for eating and weight disorders. I have two letters for you Kelly, F.U. Those are my two letters, okay? Very simple right to the point, F.U. Honey. As a fat person myself, fat is disgusting. It's gross, it's ugly, it's nauseating. And this business of always doing the idea, I have to like treat fat people with the kid gloves. Balloni. Balloni is good on the ad balloni. I went the new assistant, I was thinking about losing weight. My stamp don't steal, and my guy, I'm losing say. The second way I'm in a risk stir is always so much we can do. I think life will search and maybe the only thing we need. The second way I'm in a risk stir is always so much we can do. I'm losing say. The second way I'm in a risk stir is always so much we can do. I don't have the dot, I don't have to go and get to size. I don't have to worry, found no moldures around my thighs. You're spending the life of such a, you know, found a brand new man. Put up the Hoover, suck the fat out of splash of care. Let's go. The second way I'm in a risk stir is always so much we can do. The second way I'm in a risk stir is always so much we can do. Red Reem Book of Factson says thanks to our New Yorkers, there is no lawyer against going to the toilet. All lawyer, no lawyer, no LL, no lawyer against going to the toilet. Only Archie Bucke is the only one to say, to the toilet, because when he says that we laugh our answer, we can't the lawyer. When you can't have a whole bunch of words with a Boston and the New York accents, you're right, put you to that. Speaking of being a fat, inactive Americans are eating themselves to death and alarming rate throughout the healthy habits fast approaching tobacco is the top underlying preventable cause of death. The government's study found, do something smart like having your stomach staple like Josh Friedman. And then you know, then wait and see how good you smell. Thank you, Am Hello. Hey, you know, the one that really bugs me, I don't know if you've gone through it already is when people say statistics instead of statistics. Statistics? Statistics. Oh my god. A Midwestern thing in the end. It just drives me crazy. Okay, thanks, Bally. All right. I'll take another thing which is not a mispronunciation, I guess, it's just an accident, but it just bugs me. People from the Midwest say milk. Yeah, people from like Pittsburgh to the Thudhamid West say Emma any eye word, it pronounced like an e. How about Emma or they'll say Illinois. Oh, that's his drives me Illinois. What is that? Or like the guy said before his wife was right Illinois's. There are people say Illinois's and it sure I know he's the hell out of me. I'll say that right now. My Emma, right, part fate. Irves, you know, on K to use to say, my Emma Beach, my Emma. A lot of local salty crackers say that. Go back to China, or he's still alive. Can you believe that member he called on the year couple years ago? Well, we're not sure if he's still alive. What if he's still slump in a China? In 2000 poor diet including obesity and physical and activity caused 400,000 US deaths. See, here's the thing, and cities in Europe, although there you know, the problem here Canada is getting almost as bad as America is it's the same crap that people are eating. Same the activity. But in Europe, you see very, very much, much smaller number of fat people, very rare. The Dutch on it, and I, I, although I will say this now, you've explained this to me. Young Dutch people tend to be very skinny. In fact, there are people who do this before their bodies are like, it's about crane. Even they might have great faces. Yeah, but they're like emissed. Like they have the Auschwitz look. And yet once they get passed about about 30 minutes. All of a sudden something happens. They start getting like really grotesque and ballooning up and getting fat and puggie and what's that all about? I don't know. I thought you say it food was bad there. Maybe it takes that long for all them fries with mayo to start kicking in. You know what I'm saying? It takes about 30 years. And all of a sudden it just like settles in there and starts expanding. So they can wear those gigantic, spandex pants on the dam or act, but at any rate. In 2000, I'll get back to the thing which I interrupted myself about Italy. They're all of that pasta and you know what I think it is? What? Genetic. Oh yeah, you accolade yourself to your culture's diet. Like the Chinese. Look at the enormous amount of rice, the Chinese. It just pounds and pounds of rice. It's the staple other diet in China. And yet what's the last time you saw a fat Chinese person? I mean there's some, but I'm a pretty damn few. Most of them are skinny. Right. With teeny tiny little bell. In 2004, I'd including obesity and physical and activity because 400,000 US deaths more than 16% of all that. So the number two killer, comparing with 435,000 for tobacco or 18% is the top of our molecular, soon will be passing tobacco like it's standing still. The gap between the two substantially narrower than 1990 when poor diet and activity cost 300,000 deaths, 14% compared with 400,000 for tobacco or 19%. This is tragic, seductive Julie Geberding. CDC's director off of the study are worth fears were confirmed. Dr. Geberding, she was here in Toronto last year when the sourcing was going on. No, to get too close to her. It's going to overtake tobacco if the trend continues. You said at CDC, we're going to do everything we can to prevent it. Obesity has got to be the number one job for us in terms of chronic diseases. Right. And McDonald says no more pooper sizing. That's what they said last week. That's their response to it. No more pooper sizing. Oh, and I got to order two orders. That's it. Have three orders of fries. And then you go into your 711 and get the big gulp. You know, that 10 gallon coke, but about four pounds of sugar when it's got wheels on it. I think what they ought to do is just like take a humongous container and just put a big, a big batch of sugar in it. Careful. No, you know what I'm saying. A big batch of sugar. And then you could like just spit some water in it. Moisten up a little bit. Because that's basically what you're doing. I mean, if you have the diet, so around it's a whole different story. Like, I'm drinking gallons and gallons of my caffeine free diet coke. Well, they have no, because you probably don't buy candy for children and stuff like that. No, I don't. I'm about candy for adults. Some of the, the jelly venture play those sticks. They had green apple watermelon things like that. Oh, yeah, sure. They come in a liquid now. So you can drink them. Oh, man. Yeah. So what was that stuff we used to, uh, used to be in like little wax was that a Christmas time or holiday time? You know, I'm talking about the wax candy with the sugary liquid in there. Yeah. Yeah. That's weak. Oh, that goes back a long time back when I was a little tiny kid. A hundred years ago in school, we used to suck on those. I mean, those candies. Well, and it would be like all different kind of flavors grape and lime and what was the idea behind that? What was that all about? It's a water. It might just, it would have been a sugar water. Man, oh, man. I'm addicted to sugar. The worst possible thing and pasta. Oh, God. The SS, the sugar would start to police ought to be here. Instead, of course, we got bush and the other SS. There you go. W. W. W. Hello. Hey, this is I. Yes, sir. I mean, Q.A.M. Yes. Yeah. What about? We're next day. Yeah. And what about, um, W. W. W. W. W. W. W. Right. Oh, the government. Yeah. We'd love to be there. We'd love to be there. We'd love to be there. Thank you. And vote ten times against W. Now, let's see. What was the first one you said? Wenz. Yeah. Wenz. I think it was another reach. No, it was not. Nobody says, W. W. W. W. And I don't think you're supposed to. Well, it's not on here. They want to just look on this list. How do you really supposed to be pronounced in that Wednesday? Wednesday? Wednesday. And I've always said, this is Mittwoch. Wednesday. Mittwoch. That's German for Wednesdays. Mittwoch. Midweek. Mittwoch. Mittwoch. I will say this as much as I love Berlin and Colon. I don't know if you're going to be in any world's in Germany, but I will. But I still have a little. A little bit of a problem when I hear it being spoken, you know. When I hear it because she brought them to do it. Ooh, which is. Woo. Yeah. Something about it. Genetic in your case. All of a sudden, I feel kind of like a walking landscape. I don't know why that is. Twenty-till one at five sixty W to QM. Donald McRiz. No, it's nothing is more important than the safety of your family. Unfortunately, thousands of Americans die every year in home fires involving the most dangerous. A common myth is that these are careless cigarettes smokers. But statistics show that the vast majority of these fires are started by a little Pied in the S kids playing with matches. Certain officers in New Line of fire retardant matrices called fire blocker to dramatically stole the spread of fires. The families critical time was escape. They're also more comfortable durable and supportive than ever. Say, won't sacrifice comfort for safety. According to new regulations, all of my trusses will be fire retardant with a year. But until then, sort as the only major brand exceeding this fire state safety standard. Right now, today, Donald McRiz is the only retailer can deliver a new certified blocker to you today. So, column toll free, 1-800-MATRiz right now for same day delivery. Now, the mattress is got certified block when they traditional double-sided design. So, you get two beds for the price of one with double the protection. Now, the mattress takes your family safety seriously with you ought to be doing two. And there are proud to be among relations first retailers to offer this new line of fire blocker matrices. So, if you want to sleep safely tonight and for years to come, make that one easy call. I've been doing for years called 1-800-MATRiz 1-800-MATTRES or check them out online at mattress.com. 9-Might and low- hall. This is 4-3-0-5-60-Might. It's a simple beer for a simple man. Whether you're watching Shiny Cars go real fast at Daytona or simply trying to pronounce tough words. Like nuclear. 4-3-0-5-60-Might. Who's down as easy as National Garden, the Alabama. So, have to a long hard day of pretending to make phone calls and trying to look busy. 7-2-3-0-5-60-Might. The president of Beers, the president of Beers, and the president of Beers, say do-fist, Missori. From 46-56-60-WM, I go nuclear every time I see him when he's just making a speech. In Cleveland, by the way, the latest Polaroa Ohio carry a long men, carry 50% push 46, Among women carry a 54 bush 42. Got it. Got it. Just mention that in passing. If we had tons of cash, what one city would you choose to live in? Where'd be your head quarters? Hanalu the who I hundred eleven. New York 83. Miami or South Florida somewhere 73. I'm stood on 45. San Francisco 45. Naples Florida 39. That's the one. I just, uh, I see that and I my head starts spinning. What does that mean? I don't know. What is there to like about Naples Florida? Only ever driven through there. Virgin Islands 31. Rome 31. Why would agree with that fact? The idea that Rome is not to embed herness tells me that a lot of you haven't been in Rome. It's because I probably should have voted for Rome. Because if you had all the money in the world, you'd build your own big, uh, Palazzo somewhere. You know, up in mountains, Las Montanias. See. And just said, see the problem is you were on pollution and the corruption. There's like here. Who biggest problems? Pollution and corruption. I'm serious. Bad bad pollution. Too many cars. Toronto 28, Vegas 25, San Diego 22, Vancouver 17, Jamaica 10 month, my Yorker 10, National 10, Stockholm 9. I just like saying that. Stockholm. And door La Valle six. Geneva, Switzerland 2, the Philippines 1, non yet for Berlin or Colone another 605 votes. Shame on you. But they're the little nervous one. I see those German cities. I'll tell you one thing after you just see an abortion mice around my TV on CNN and Cleveland. I worry hell of a lot less when I'm in Germany about Nazis and that kind of stuff than I do what I'm in USA. Especially what's going on lately. WQM. Hello. Hey, me. Yes, sir. The room is going around the Joe Marcos. Is that true? Have it or nothing about it? Where were the rumors going around from where? I have an insight to it. They were suspended and it was a meeting go. It was a bit kind of clocked morning. Yeah. It was suspended for how long? It doesn't take. It didn't take. It was put to the meeting today and then the decision will be here today. Also, it was suspended yesterday. What you're saying? Right. There were no. Well, I can't do it, pal. And we got any information on it yet? No. No. Is there a memo out yet about it? No. 567.0560. Pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. Lots of crack going down a radio manufacturer pretty soon. You turn on your radio. All you're going to hear is the radio version of the test pattern. When it doesn't translate to a radio. I could do it on TV when you used to see the thing with a little Indian on it. Yeah. Right. You're a little Indian head. By the way, I'm seeing it internationally. They got a weather broad who's got a shrunken head. I don't know where they found this bit. But she is the most bizarre looking creature. And she talks like a munchkin, but she's got like a little shrunken head. The ZAR. WDQM. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. This is my annual call to I play about once you're how you doing very well. Good. I was going to tell you that your poll numbers oftentimes are officially low and I can tell you why. Okay. I work in an office where everyone shares a server. It's a pretty big office. I work for a government agency somewhere in Miami. Right. And what happens is a lot of times I'll go to vote on the poll. And if anyone else is on there and is already voted, it won't take my vote or anyone right. Oh, that's true with everybody. Right. No, no. The number of votes we get on a poll is only a tiny fraction of those people are listening. Thank goodness. Exactly. Yeah. That's a fraction. Right. So just, you know, now do you have AOL? No, this is true. It's a thing here in this building. The only one person in the building can vote because we should see. I'll be damned. And I guess that's pretty common. So anyway, thanks for the bad news. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Hop on our real fast. That's my suggestion before the end of the other pain in the S people and the billiards get to their computers. Hop on it. 612 votes on there. We're going to clone don't have any yet. So what do I know? See, this goes to show you again. The procular nature of people in Florida, even though we got all this polyglot or whatever it had you want to call it, all these people allegedly from all over the world, but we're going to have to be people who've been in Kologne. Anybody that's ever been in Kologne Germany isn't just obsessed with it, isn't it? To go back to that other facts about Rome, Kologne is just fabulous. Fabulous. The things to see the people, the food, the ambiance, even the train station area you could spend a whole day inside the train station. Like a shopping center. Fabulous. And speaking of civilized places in Berlin. How to how did I find this? I don't know. One day, of course, you go to lunch. Go a little bit too far away from the hotel and all of a sudden you're like go stepping back to the hotel real fast and just really make it locally. So I hope that wasn't going to happen again. In one evening after dinner, I'm walking that to the easy internet cafe. I'm going to go online and check out what kind of crap you're doing or whatever else. And I'm thinking of myself, I got a piece so bad. It's just like the end of the world here. And I don't know what they'll do. Maybe they'll have a P place and they can enter the cafe. And I bought a block away right on the main drag the Kudam in Berlin right out there on a corner where there's a a new stand. And it says city WC. Well, WC and Jack Parno that was water closet. And I thought, are you telling me that they actually have such a civilized place? And you're looking there are two stairwells going down. And one says one says D for Domus and one has H for air and ladies and gentlemen. And that you go down the stairs. And it's just like in the train station in Cologne. And I heard these beautiful, beautiful toilets, man. All these urinals. And then of course, you have to pay to do the more serious business like 50 cent. And you go through a little turn, down to get all the towers. Wow, what a beautiful. I mean, clean and antiseptic and just amazing. Right out there in the middle of the city. So when nature is calling as opposed to like doing a number in your pants or whatever, or like going into a total state of panic, there you are. I'll stably. I mean, right in the middle of city, it's fabulous. Handy. Can you guys in seeing that in my any? Oh, no, or New York. Or of course, though, like an am sitting where they've those outdoor peat places where you stand in a green, the green round the thing with the whole that goes down to the ground. They sort of had that going in Paris, don't they? It's called outside. Yeah, it's called the Street. WQAM Hello. No. Yes, sir. Where do I have like camp stand when people say what that was it? So what is I have no idea because you the bad phone technique whatever was me go. We're a bad phone technique. Maybe it was just like that. WQAM Hello. Hey, Mia, what's up? I know. Yes, sir. No, I just wanted to wish you guys a square wheel on one my wheel and no, I'm 95. You come I took loaded up. I'm heading out of town. Hopefully for good. And just listening, hopefully just giving you a car to stay for a while and to give hope to everybody in South Florida, everything will get there. Best of luck here, pal. Bye, bye, bye. No problem, man. It's a pleasure, man. I'm seeing you so happy now, man. I've felt a twist. I'm like there in the seventh exact. I'm happy to say to them. I can't wait. Yes, that's always my happiest moment. Is they that I'm leaving South Florida going anywhere. Good luck, pal. Best luck. Okay, you two. Or even a mediocre one wouldn't be bad. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Or the most depressing moment. You know, I lot of people don't like here in this. I don't care. I just expressing my honest opinion. Like it or not. The pressing moment is getting off the airplane and MIA and walking through that jetway and all of a sudden, the humidity just smacks you in the face. Oh, wow. Yeah. And then we just feel like a wilted flower. Like a wilted pansy, man. It's just not a good feeling. How do you look the one 19 New York 85, Miami 75 San Francisco 47? And stood on 46 Naples Florida 40 that to me is a real head Turner. I don't mind. That's got to be the crank over the day. Naples Florida. Let's think. Don't you QM? All right. Yeah. Bye. Bye. I regret life. I hop on a hop and board with it last guy. He's head not a time. Tell me to QM. Hello. I just speak with mail please. Speaking. Yeah. Yeah. I'd like to add Nimbin. I'll trail you to the list. Nimbin. Nimbin. N. I. M. B. I. N. Yeah. Beautiful place. Very laid back almost hippie type atmosphere. Really? Yeah. Very open culture. It's an Amsterdam without all the tourists kind of atmosphere going in. Pretty opens to everything. Is there any big city that we could put on there? It's a day drive north of Sydney. Oh. Well, we'll put Sydney on there just to you know. Okay. Thank you. Sydney. You got it. S. Y. D. N. E. Y. Got it. We got it. Excellent. How we spell in my work? 560, pound 560 on the 18. Is that what they have the fantastic grapes there? No, they my work. I don't know. What? I've never been there. Well, I'm no you don't have to be there. No something about it. I haven't been there either. Isn't that what their famous for is in my orca is wine and grapes. Lagrapa. Lagrapa. Well, I know where it's famous for Lagrapa. That's Amsterdam. Amsterdam is one of those places where you know you keep saying at least I do. I keep saying I just place stuff. I'm never coming back here and then you give it another shot and it's great. It's just it all depends on how many tourists are there because when there are a lot of tourists there's a whole different ambiance like my last vacation here. A lot of tourists. They'll have a tallyanos and people from everywhere and even the solias Brits. They add to the ambiance. But when it's just the Dutch, oh I can't give me about 20, 30 hours. I'll do a whole show on the dust people. Okay, go for it. Mm-hmm. Not exactly my favorite right. Oh boy, it's the one to two hour. Tonight on the self discovery channel, A's, double A's or D's, batteries can be your best friends. Join me each week as I explore the inner workings of, well myself on the self discovery channel, I dig deep and won't stop until I've thoroughly explored, well myself. So if you don't get the self discovery channel, call your cable operator and say, hey, I want to explore, well myself, the self discovery channel. Oh, you'll love it. Now where's the on-special? There we go. Want to clock at 560WQM and I'll come over to the Humperate 4. Jim Facts is and says you are two words for you. This one made famous by your buddy, Deon Sanders, Venus. Instead of business, Venus, Venus. And ridiculous, Browns, Ridic, I beg your pardon? I said this right. For now, Ridiculous. And also Jim says, please call me, uh, quick call me Reverend Levy and hanging up on me. I'm not Reverend and not old, Evee. What does that mean? You're gay. I think it's confused. He's confused. Gay Republicans to run ads urging defeat of Bushback Amendment. A group of gay Republicans who supported President Bush in 2000 will errativy and opposing a Bushback constitutional amendment that would prohibit gays from marrying. The 32nd spot. By the law cabinet Republicans who are a bunch of self-hating fangs, by the way, shows Vice President Dick Cheney at a debate four years ago saying people should be free to enter in an any kind of relationship they want to enter and do. The ad begins tomorrow in several states. The vice president also says, I don't think there should be necessarily a federal policy in this area. The words we agree then flash on the screen. Cheney said last week, he supports the president even though one of his daughter's Mary is gay out of the closet, bulldog instead of and so on. The law cabinet member of Republicans million dollar effort to defeat the amendment includes lobbying, grass, so in other words, there's spending a million dollars to defeat the amendment for these people. Most of them are still going to be out and vote for Bush. It's like Jews for Hitler man. It makes no sense to me. It's like Jesus for Pontius pilot. I don't get it. Jesus for it's that it Jews for Jesus. How about Jesus for Jews? There you go. He just like his family I guess and Jesus Jews. 5 6 7 0 5 60 what's this around a hockey punch on the top 10 or 25 players in the league in terms of scoring? Yeah we don't care about it. He's not just a cement head going around smashing people. He's a skilled player and that's one of the reason why people are concerned about this because this is a player who a lot of other people even came. Well they're still holding their meat. They're still pup pup pup like that. I hope they really stick into them. W to Q. I'm hello. Hi Neil. How you doing? Yes sir. Good. There's a expression out of Brooklyn but I always say that everybody when you bump into someone they say bump to one K. They say we might want to put that on to the old Brooklyn night and I do want to just mention one thing I don't know if you heard the rumor but they're saying that Tom Brokeh may be a possible be. Yeah we had to stir on our website deal. He's got two chances none and much less than not. Pay any attention to it. Okay I like here's you one of the questions every time I try to I go to your site and I try to vote and I hit the vote button if I make my selections. I always get up and are you well if they can't display that page. Is there anything you suggest? Move to another neighborhood. No seriously it's exactly the thing that I was talking about before. Somebody else by you maybe down a blind. It's a different thing. Are you using AOL sir? Yes. Well there you go. Yeah okay that's what I was talking about. No it's AOL nothing works on AOL. Oh that's true. Okay good talk to you. Good luck you pal. When he was talking about like little kids say I have a bunk on my A&E instead of bump and never heard that. You ever heard little kids say I have a bunk? Let's be a Northeastern thing. All right I've heard bobo. Make a bobo. Make Donald salad is more fat than cheeseburger. How do you like that? I don't I don't want salads. I'm not interested in salad. Don't have a nice salad like how are she said to glory. I have a nice salad for a chain. No I don't want no salad. Global hamburger giant McDonald's latest line in healthy looking salads. Making more fat than its hamburgers. Course fat is not really worth that. See again all these confused people. Where is Dr. Bob when we need him? Please please. Oh man McDonald's played by health critics and fat of flattening sales has launched the biggest change to his menu in 30 years with his friends again the multimillion pound prepared salad market. Maltime in pound prepared salad market. You can choose your salad topping and dressing. You can mix and match to suit your diet and lifestyle stomach Donald spokeswoman who are they kidding. However consumers hoping to lose weight by switching from burgers to salads maybe disappointed according to the interactive Nutrition Center on McDonald's own website for example. On the new menu to be launched at the end of this month a Caesar salad with chicken from ear contains 18.4 grams of fat compared with 11.5 grams of fat and a standard cheeseburger. The British Nutrition Foundation told orders at welcome the salad menu but warned that salad dressing's bought in fast food. All sorts of supermarkets could be very high in fat and calories. They said the recommended daily fat intake for men is 95 grams per day and for women's 70 grams per day. So they're giving you a big song to dance. First of all if you really want to lose weight the only thing you're going to eat in McDonald's is the burgers without the bun. That's it. And don't be looking to catch up off the bun. That's one of the bad habits I have like an Amsterdamic Donald's from the world. What? It's got some taste to it. You know what the ketchup is loaded with don't you? Sugar. A sugar. The It's loaded with sugar even see that cruiser be nausea to gross down by it. A sugar. A sugar. I so sweet. It's called a inducing. Loda with sugar. So if you just take the the buns and toss them the best thing to do is just get it. Take good good drive through window. Eat it in a car toss the bun. Somebody watches or actually an accident they don't pay attention to it anyway. That should be the freakiest thing going on there. You can sit in everything side eating it. No they don't even look at you. Just put the bun in the sack and they just take the napkin. Use it as a holder and eat the cheeseburger to hamburger whatever you like without the bun. That's where the evil comes in the bun. The bread the starch baby starts turns the sugar right away in your body and makes you fat as a pig. And after still talking here there's still hot in low fat. I'm wondering what I'm going to bring snack wells back again. After the first 40 or 50 those it starts to pile in out of a couple of pounds. Snack wells remember that? Sure. Speaking of your health by the way I got to give John Terry something good finally about time you quit waffling and being such a nervous nilly. Democratic presidential challenge your John Kerry has promised Americans on Federed Access to cheaper Canadian prescription drugs. Bring in your content assisted the forefront of an acrimonious US election campaign says the Toronto star. Yesterday it arouling Evanston and Roy carries them with Illinois governor Rod like how you say that. Like what you're going to call me. A leading proponent of drug re-importation and an elderly couple of Sudie West government for denying them cheaper Canadian medications. Under a democratic administration Kerry promised America seniors would no longer have to choose between affordable medicine or basic necessity such as food and housing. Instead of taking immediate action on re-importation lower the cost of prescription drugs for seniors Kerry said the bush administration is using taxpayer dollars to unad the convincing Americans that they passed meaningful prescription drug reform. Bush stubbornly insist on task cuts as he steadily loses jobs in this country. He steadily refuses to allow the importation drugs from Canada while steadily the prices are going up. Nice going boy. As Kerry was speaking it had to cut on capital Hill announced he would stall the nomination of former FTH mark McClellan the most visible opponent of Canadian drug re-importation to a key Medicare post. Nice going. Byron Durga North Dakota senator city was acting because McClellan refused to explain why he was blocking America's access to Canadian prescription medicines. All the lies all they ever bought just keep gouging in a public. All those Canadian drugs do not say they might come from like a Kuala Lumpur and they might come up right. Maybe they come out of your back home. No those lie and lie and lie to the public and just rip them off. That's why I understand. A few things that most people in America were wealthy that they that they loved the big businesses. They loved Walmart. They loved all the big drug companies that are gouging them and raping them. They like it. They're totally like them. They enjoy gang rape. I don't know what it is. 56060608080809 WQN Hello. Yes sir. How's it going? Pretty good. That's your quick question. Do you know what happened with the drum mark? No. How did it QM Hello? How are you doing? Pretty good. Two things. One is I don't know if you use this word or this term yet but the way George Bush pronounced is nuclear. He says nuclear. There we go. All right and also I just want to say what you just mentioned about Bush. Well you know I always hear he's steady and he has these ideas and he's six foot of the only problem is they're all the wrong ideas. I think we have a great day. And you too well said. Yeah he's with this idea is the only problem is most of them are pretty damn bad. But we have that integral constitution sign in Iraq. What's not to like all that we had some more innocent bystanders down over to this morning again. It's worth it. Yeah. And there's still a peen in their pants about a civil war between the sheights and the Assunies because it's a bunch of religious nuts. We had about as much business going in there as we have as we had put in a rusty down at plane. If they wanted to kill him go ahead have a good time you know the rebels. We had to be playing the crystals and he's a rebel. The rebels and they'll never be any good. If you had tons of cash which one city would you choose to live in? That's our poll question on theorages.com. 684 votes. Actually that's not that bad. Right? We'll take it. We're not going to make a thousand all over. We don't have a thousand by the next five minutes. Josh is going to be eating shrimps for next five years. Honolulu 100. I have never heard that. I'm just a son of a look forward to. You have worked with any brothers. Do you? No. I work and I hear that. Do I have to come like down there and go to Red Lobster and like the hood? Okay. That'll do it if you buy. I'll go now. Do I also get some butter pickin ice cream? No. Honolulu 124. New York 94. Miami 84. San Francisco 52. I'm stood on 48. Probably a lot of drug smoke and purverts. Or maybe just people like Lord mushrooms. Naples Florida 42. Virgin Islands 37. Rome 33 on a 33 pro Rome. I wonder why that is. Van Cooper 29. Toronto 29. Vegas 28. San Diego 24. To make a 13. My Yorker 12. Do you ever answer my question about the grapes? No. Nassau 11. Stockholm 10. And Dora Lavilla 6. Geneva Switzerland 5. Philippines 2. Colones got a pair now. Folia 72 and Perlins got one. East Vietnam Berliner. 688 votes. It was JFK called in from the other side. The original one. Well, speed of JFK. What are the psychics for my governor? How are they? I'm sure how we're doing. Flip and Emma pancakes. He was good at that. You know what? Yes, he was. Thank you. Oh, I think he may have a future in that because everyone landed right on a plate. In fact, he could let out a big. Whatever they were they were pancake that flood lands on your plate. I like it. I was going hard. He turned out to be a lot of want to go through it. You know, did a lot of good things. Yani, Adi, Adi, and then they've shown that thing on CNN 4 million times already about Joe Trippi and a campaign and how it all fell apart. They keep showing it like every 10 minutes I'm seeing it as though somehow they're trying to apologize for making such an anastatum, but the fact that it matters that people at CNN are in for ones that voted. And most of the people that voted including Iowa and everywhere else voted for somebody else. So thanks for redoing some good stuff and stirring some people up Howard, but now it's time to move on. Absolutely. I'm saying it's like our morning show. Thanks for creating a lot of problems getting everybody been out of shape. But it's time to move on sweetheart. And don't forget how hard comes to QM tomorrow. At 6 o'clock. Am I right? Right. I'll bet you. I'll bet you Greg's life on it tomorrow. If they tune in 6 o'clock, he'll hear Howard right on this station. Howard from Boca. Are you in a dead end job? Are you underpaid and overworked? Well, if you like a new high-paying career, but you don't have a lot of cash to go to college at the 4 years to a wait to give that job. Here's the deal. Pick up the phone and call our friends at fast train tool. Free at 1 8 6 6 fast train. Well, I'm I'm Tanya. They're showing his hit by Brutouzie on Steve Moore. They're showing us like 50 million times on CNN where they don't care at all about hockey. That's what really gets me. And they're showing us over and over again because they got to footage and because it's violent and grotesque and because they can. You're a bunch of great robbers. You lunatics at CNN. Fast train can have you train in certified for a high-paying computer network professional career in as little as four months, which means by the middle of the summer by July, maybe you can be fully trained already for a great new career in a big pat paycheck and a life that goes along with all of these things. Fast train offers day evening a weekend classes to fit around your schedule. They offer job placement assistance financial aid to people who qualify and fast trains got seven convenient floor locations out of the studio. So don't delay. Don't wait another minute. If you really want to say goodbye to that schmuck boss and your meaningless job, pick up that phone, call fast train right now and then just foreshared must be on your way to a great new high-paying computer career. Check them out of the way of it. Fast train.com and then make that call once in for all call one eight six six fast train. Oh my god no a word from Howard Dean's wife. Hi tell her. Handack a Judas Steinberg. Quiet from presidential cavity. How it deemed. You can call me Judy. Not judge Judy. That's a different risk act. People want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard. Hey did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I scared a crap out of myself. I make proud for this and I look like a shane of pull-ups. Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much Judy. Anyway how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it. No, I say that's a bunch of mischievous. For those of you who don't the capista, you're the stat means crap. How is a good guy? Though he's what you might call a loose cannon. He's got a pretty bad temper on him. I remember one time of our kids left the cap off of the twist paste. I thought he was going to blow a gasket. Zavayn's popped out in his head and that white spit strings were born in the corners of his mouth. The vent was sugar. I spent 23 years with his shagots. Most of the time he's amazed. But on occasion, I hate him. I think my husband, Howard, would make for a very good president. One of the things I'm a little peo about is that Howard doesn't let us have a TV. I've run a watch section in the city. I got a shot down to campaign headquarters, or to the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white set. I have never seen any program in color. So I know Jackie Kennedy. Hell if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't wear makeup. I'm like a whisker away from being amish. Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign. The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints. Anyway, Gazagazon, that's you this for Dr. Judy Steinberg over and out. Tate for about the committee to elect John Kerry president. And it's your got this money worth 1 18 at 5 60 W Q AM 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What are we going to get the load out? What's going on with you on Mark as we're getting a few calls on us? I don't know. I'll go. One of the things that we've discovered over these long tortuous years of QM is that a lot of stuff goes on. People disappear and nothing is ever said. You know what I mean? So you can assume for yourself. You know what I mean? He's standard operating procedures. Right. They just do that in disappearing act and that nobody sees him no more. One ended vacation. Right. W to QM hello. Yeah. Yeah sir. Oh hi. Hi. I heard you yesterday you said if in all your years if you were converted one person person away from religion. Yes. Me and my family with that with those people. All right. About four years ago, I mean, I was brought up as a Jew and all that other nonsense. Oh, now confirmed the easiest. The kids are not getting any of that by Mitch McDonald's sense and all that. It's just over with and I have you to thank. And I'll tell you another thing. I'm making a high six figures but I'm with anybody but Bush and I turn everybody onto your website where they could get real information and I really got to thank you for that. I'll stand. Thanks, Palia. One last thing about what was. I was a hundred pounds capital for a year by just eating, you know, no fast food, no salt, it's snacks, no heavy dairy and 20 of exercise in water. It's not easy but it works. Okay. Take care Neil. Keep it up. Thanks. Yeah. People that are going to McDonald's who pretend that they run on diet. I mean, wouldn't look like that. If you want to go to McDonald's, fine. If you like that crap, I go there and I'm staying alone because they're food and the city is so bad. I mean, just horrendous. Just wrote task. See, again, I don't understand it. Here's the Netherlands, Holland, whatever you want to call it on a one side and here's Germany is right next to it. Right next door. Okay. And the food and Germany is fabulous. I mean, you can find just an unlimited number of really good restaurants. They even had a brand new which we ate there once it was pretty good. Tony Roma's in Berlin. Tony Roma's. Are you ready for that? Yeah. Oh, you know, my Tony Roma's? It's fine. A little overclassed. I'm not saying it's great but I'm just using it as an example but I mean, no matter what kind of food you want to tie the honor, you want to German stuff. You want to create brought worst, uh, uh, Korean worst, whatever, kid, Korean worst. Uh, whatever. It's great. And you go right next door to Netherlands and it's like food. What's that? Which is busy with the section drugs? We don't know from food. So if you want to eat go to Germany, if you want section drugs, go right next to it. And then get out. So that last call, they made it worthwhile right there. Oh, now's a good time to hand the reins over to Josh. George and Eric are like going to go off into the sunset. George is going up to his joint North Carolina with a joint and I'm just going off to Amsterdam, Rome, Roma, Munchen. I'm going to be a possible farmer. I'm right. WQAM, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I was in Atlanta a few weeks ago and I happened to listen to Porel. Yeah. And I call them. Are you calling him? Yeah. Yeah. He sounded interesting. Yeah. What's happening? Anyway, what he said was he said that he enjoyed being in Miami, but he hated WQAM. Uh-huh. He said a lot of bad things about the station. Yeah. Good. Well, that's where I'm going. Glad you got to Atlanta. Mike, it's too bad to come back. 567.0560, pound five 60, all the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Holy cow. Wow. Man, old man, old man. Here we are almost 30 years later. Not 30 man. Why the year is later? Not 30 man. And we still got blind like in the same bunch of same cash the characters. What surprised me if any minute now we hear the call from you'll see go. I'll hide any around you. It's kill signal. I want to say a good one about the brother's signature. I've been to the commuas house. Wow. WQAM, hello. Neil, I'm sorry. Okay. My ex-wife, although there's other reasons to hate her, Q. He says, My an, my an as is like from my an temple. You know instead of mine. And also I need to ask you a question. Actually, can I, can I set my booby on top of the radio? Go it in. Okay, Mike. We're going to suck her punch. And my take, my take is that obviously it was an out of bounds hit. But within the framework of hockey, which is a very long hour. Oh, has a lot of. I'm going to tell you I can a baseball band. That's what this guy wrote. That's ever happened probably. And quite frankly, whatever retaliation hockey doesn't happen with a stick. I'm sort of pleased because I think. Oh my god, this guy had a broken neck. He sucker punched him from behind. He grabbed him by the back of his jersey. A sucker punched him in the head from behind and smashed him down with the icy head. His head on the ice head has a broken neck. And his guy said, well, Lister wasn't with a sticker, but yeah, where are these people coming from? You're crazy people. You're crazy crazy crazy people. And that's why I gave him a hockey, he's self-destructing because Gary Bittman is a moron, because the people in the sport like Don Cherry are morons. They don't get it. There's no, there's no place for this crap. The holding and clutching and hooking. There's no game going on. It's just a bunch of guys trying to inflict as much damage as like the WWE F on ice. It's just ridiculous. But anyway, am I going to upset about it? I was completely put some smuck on here like this, but then again it's CNN. What do you expect? Defending it. Like, oh, it wasn't so bad. A new study speaking of the media, a new study of how the media's covered the issue of weapons and mass destruction released today concludes. Many stories stenographically reported the incumbent administrations perspective on WWE M8, the WWE MD, giving too little critical examination of the way officials from the events issues threats and policy options. The other three main conclusions of the study conducted by the Center for International and Security Studies in Maryland, and the University of Maryland, said two few stories offered alternative perspectives to the official line on WWE MD surrounding the Iraq conflict. Most journalists accepted the Bush administration linking the war on terror, interstrictably the issue of WWE MD, and most media outlets represented the WWE MD as a monolithic menace without distinguishing between types of weapons and between possible weapons programs and existence of actual weapons. The authors of the study state that poor coverage of the WWE MD resulted less from political bias on a part of journalists editors and producers than from tire journalistic conventions. They also declared that the British media reported more critically on public policy than their American colleagues. What a shock. In a forward to the study John Steinbrunner directed the Center right-see American political system as in the early stages of continuing with an unwelcome but ultimately unaffordable problem, the US initiated war against Iraq on the basis of an inaccurate representation of the scope and immediacy of the threat posed and did so without international authority. That is prejudice the legitimacy of the occupation thereby undermining the single most important ingredient of successful reconstruction. He adds that the American media did not play the role of checking and balancing the exercise of power that the standard theory of democracy requires. Amen. Well said, nice going you, boy boy. The media sucks. Make no mistake about it. Just all jump on a bad bag and come up with this. So we had on MSNBC the wall of heroes, where they all the pictures on the wall, all the nameless pictures for the most part. And then of course both all the networks. Operation Iraqi freedom. The media is sick and they felt badly. Well, we're going to come from all of a sudden. I thought it was, you know, I thought it was because of those WMVs and 45 minutes away from some grotesque horrendous event that was going to take place some nauseating attack. All of these things. Well, I think it could were, we're not, we're that's not going to pan out. So we'll come up with some other basis for this. Even though we decided it five years ago. This man ought to be in P.E. ought to be an impeachment hearings right now. He and Cheney both should have been impeachment hearings months ago. And he had to, instead, we see him going around the, uh, the country's speaking with his 170 million dollar war chest would at stupid look on his face that during a headlights look. And immediately just goes on and they get the spin and hours and hours on CNN and the HANA hockey punch. How many people do you think watching CNN care about hockey? About 30 minutes. 27 after one at five, 60 WMVs, spring of the savings right now and saved like never before on a new car truck from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead on US-1 just 20 easy minutes out of 1836. Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth the drive to save thousands and thousands of dollars on great new unbeatable Toyota's. Check out these great leases waiting for right now. An old four camera or four runner for just 269 bucks a month for 48 months. How about an old four highlander for just 309 a month? Need a truck? How about an old four Toyota Tundra with the safest truck in the country for just a hundred and 79 bucks a month for 48 months? These are just a few of the great savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead. Now with the toll increases on those people using cash, Armstrong's will give you a free sun pass when you get your new car truck. General manager David Richen is staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today. So experience the Armstrong, Toyota Homestead difference. They're locally owned and operated. They're committed to 100% customers had his faction they'll do whatever it takes. Their service department is even open late weeknights to make sure your service work is done. Conveniently located, US 1 2 93rd Street in Homestead is 20 minutes south of the 836. So please don't waste your time at those mega dealers or car giants who always over promised then under deliver and get you to their dealership center false prenatal pretends to do the smart thing called David Rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead right now at 305 24232 47 305 24232 47 for Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead rivalidl and save a whole lot on their great new Toyota. Holy Macanah this is Joe Bowen the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority new god. redn my lightettes He has some ears wide. There's a part of my faith thinking what was the doctor drinking? And he must have really bad eyesight. Oh, we got a horn! Michigan! Howard Dean, you're a shark! You're a shark! You're a shark! Howard Dean, you're a shark! Howard Dean, you're a shark! Olden, olden, olden, olden. Yet those olders, olden. Howard Dean is growing the sky. Edward Clark and Gary look thinner than who he's having. A Thomas, just as what the doctor needs. The hopeful next Thursday should think twice before displayed. He's a big foe, made guns, and horse E.D. That's okay. That's okay, yo! Howard Dean, it's Howard Porter, Howard Porter, it's Howard Porter, it's Howard Dean. Oh, I'm 33 at 5.60, W.C. That's a bad news. Well, we didn't know a little bit about this before, but we had a lie. Yeah. Right. To all Mark, Vlad, and Anthony, barring summary, versatile of fortune are no longer with the radio station. They're appealing for what it's worth, but for what it's worth. Like the Buffalo Springfield said. Right. How many cent is it worth? Bob third man! So, evidently, there was some kind of an episode, some kind of a sexual escapade that took place under show, I don't know how many days ago. I don't know. No. And in any rate, that was the astral that broke the camels back. And what can I say? A sign of the times. It's a sign of the times. Everything, if you fart around flavor, and you would think that was what's going on right now, you'd really think that if people were, what were my been saying? You know, instead of being stupid and stubborn? Just cut it back a while, give it a little rest right now. Try to tell for real that he listened. No. No. And I was your one mark. Bye-bye. Pretty sad. Do we have any idea what's going to be on the night overnight, two to five at a more... No. No. Probably, you know, can't. Not sports, whatever that awful sports thing we got. What is that thing that we run on Friday, sporting news radio? Oh my god. Holy moly, of course, parents alike, because it sports sports. Speaking of sports, Damian Cox in the Toronto start day, and the, Bertuzy hearing for those 10 people out there who care, has been postponed till this afternoon, that's why there's no more news on it. But Damian Cox is really good calmness in the stars, says hockey's culture of violence must end. Don't expect the NHL to raise its voice. He says Todd Bertuzy has no defense, sadly like Martin McSorley, Matt Johnson, all the other Amis, dogs that are created mayhem, and heard people before him, Bertuzy will nonetheless have his defenders. The Mads cycle of NHL violence goes round and round, large as because the industry is sort of out of two leaders, willing to separate themselves from the packed mentality, that defines the politically correct lines of so many issues. A line heard over and over yesterday was that Bertuzy's unprovoked, unborned, and cowardly attack on Colorado Steve Moore, two nights ago, that left more with a fractured neck, was an unfortunate incident. Unfortunately, by sickening despicable and in front of the sport. But you won't hear that from this league, an environment in which Goleys were once labeled as Sissy's for wearing masks, and Player Stotov is less than manly for wearing helmets. You won't hear a player or coach or GM or Union rep stand up and call for justice on behalf of Moore. You likely won't hear any significant figures in the sport demand. The NHL put an end to these vicious incidents that every two or three years lines one of these players in a criminal court. You're only hear excuses and cliches and silence and empty apologies. It's all part of a sick age old hockey mentality, a running back in football can cut your whole and get drilled by a mental linebacker, and then shake off the blow and retreat to his huddle. He doesn't demand that a player on his own team crossed the other huddle and challenged that linebacker to a fight. And hockey, however, every clean hit is an insult to be avenged. Every issue to those who believe in this culture is best resolved with fists. You hit our guy, we high-stick you, you knock our guy out, we put your gun a hospital. As long as that remains the dominant mentality, people like Steve Moore will have to suffer now and then. Virtuzee's boss Ben Kuberkinach's Baudji and Brian Burke suggested yesterday that this incident should not be compared to Martin McSorley's infamous chapter the head of Donald Bashir four years ago. Burke's right, this one's worse. Bashir at least had starred with Bashir earlier in that game. More on the other hand, did nothing to Bertuzee during Monday's game. Yet Bertuzee stalked Moore with the game far out of hand in favor of the ads, ostensibly the secret range for hit against the teammate three weeks earlier. When Moore turned his head to continue playing the game, the 64245-pound Bertuzee struck with two cowardice, diving his glove fist in the side of the unsuspecting Moore's head. As Moore fell, Bertuzee used his forearm to drive his opponents head into the ice, as Moore lay there faced down an unconscious and a pool of blood, Bertuzee drew his arm back to punch him again. Thank goodness, Andre Nicholation Moore's teammate was there to prevent the killer shot, and it might have well been a killer shot. There was a permutation that was intent to winger, there was extreme violence. For this Bertuzee should forfeit his right to participate in national hockey league. He should be banned for the rest of the season, including the playoffs, and if some of them want to make arguments for a permanent ban, I'd sure be willing to listen. Moore over Bertuzee's coach, smirking Mark Crawford should receive it in force-hality as well. He could have called off the dog in the third period with his team down by six schools, but instead kept pushing Brad May and Wade Brookbank over to board to create more trouble. He helped create the bloodlust that encouraged Bertuzee to do something terrible, so called the courts in one more time, hand down the stiff suspensions one more time, and then watch the sixth cycle of NHL violence begin a new. Right, the outstanding Damien Cox today is from ono stock. Oh, that's going Damien. But nevertheless, does anybody care? No. I know George has whipped up about it, he's pretty pissed off. But what? That thing. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. If you had a ton of cash, loads of cash, which one city in the world would you choose to live in, where I was going on our pool today? And we're not doing too, Chevy. We got 7508 votes. Even oh, well, you sidetracked us when I heard the stuff, thank God. About all our phrases and words, so let me ask you, what do you think? Supposedly. Honolulu 133, New York 98, Miami 93, I find that most amusing. San Francisco 53, I'm stood on 52, Naples Florida 47, that's not only amusing, that's that's sickening. That is just plain insanity. Virgin Islands 41, last August 36, Rome 35, Vancouver 33, Toronto's got about 30 men. Good, stay there. San Diego 29, Mallorca 14, Jamaica 13, NAS, Author 13. Stuck home 11, I want to thank Dave the cop. Look, at times can be opinion of the S, but he affects that in. The only reason I want to thank him is be it is a great city. It's a beautiful city and beautiful people, but because I enjoy staying stuck home. I just like saying it. Stock home 11, and Dora LaVea had a, Geneva, Switzerland 8, Geneva, New York, not getting any votes yet. Sydney 5, Colone 3, Colone Germany, Philippines 2, and Berlin has got uno-solament de uno. I wonder why that is. I guess they're not saying espinn, Berlin, huh? Well, too bad for you. Probably a lot of people will nervous about what's going on in Berlin with those crowds. WQAM, hello. QAM. Brody Domain, Snowmallow. Okay, great. Have a happy day, amigo. Maddy Cohen. WQAM, hello. Hi, I need a one. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm calling to talk to Neil Rogers. Speaking. How are you? Pretty good. I've listened to Joe and Mark the other day. And I remember Joe saying, because he's on late at night, they're exempt from all from the rules. No, no, they're not. Right. Well, I've heard him go on Joe going a big tirade about, you know, what a jerk bush was. So maybe that had something to do with it, too. No, I'm sure that the Bush people aren't too concerned about Joe and Mark 2 to 5 in the morning or QAM. I don't think so. Okay. One other word I hate is a re-liter. Realtor. That's one of the all-time words you've got. Thanks, finally. Bye. Jewelry and the realtor. Those are two that we realtor just bugged the crap out of me. There's nothing worse than a realtor. I mean, we'll choose a more nice people. All our spots for the jewelry stores as say it wrong. I mean, like that. Even the professional announcers say jewelry. The professional announcers? Quota. Who are they? You know, the canned agency spots we get. Oh, especially the per canned agency spots, especially those. Yeah. Right. Do you mean the ones that talk about the Rista Rante perigoris, uh, a few nose? Yeah. That kind. Hey, by the way, how's that depot doing? 19. Go to a QAM. I'm in love with you. This is Bush when you're facing the world. QAM. I choose program on 1240 WGBA. Here again, Americans youngest talk shall host six year old new rotors. Okay. Okay. Good for dogs, male. And they're small, minutes less than the hour. Closed to two calls. All in. Hello. How's it going? Great. That's good. Where's the right care for my subscriptions? Are the raw chest, the democratin, chloranical? All the good old DNC. We're in abortion that people are in. Seminary ass time when the other people did like ones. And they said, well, my business. Yeah, where are they real nice of there? Okay. Well, I just thought I'd let you know. You're a son of Americans. Have a nice life. Boom. Hello. I want to speak to Neil. You got him. Samarion. Yeah. Neil. Yeah. Neil. Neil, you're a stinky thinker, gluesmith and thinware at a pansy. Bake all. This is the day so far. Did you say pansy? Since we get off. Not a mung brain. I want my buy two-demels every Saturday to the list show. And this guy called me named. She and my new sister, shame on you. By the way, have you seen some of those bad boys at the new MP? No, what are you? Pat me about a... The information. A million more producers. The world is basically in here with an A. Shet is my car. Tim, a couple. How do you know? You're used to being such a nice boy. Come out of your flat towel, Abba. You can't shut it off. You can't shut it off. I don't need this. It offers from other stations, Petavia, Almarah, Fred Doya. But instead I stay here on entertainment, you go test, sub-human, dude-back. Unbelievable. To need the hell out. Oh, is this new hodgers? What kind of son are you on, sir? How fast again? Do you have a dial phone or a lamp? No, I had to put it to the operator. Who? Who? What's the end today? Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WDKBW last night. Somebody asked him. Did you hear what he's been saying about you? No, I wasn't anymore. He's a dodgering old man. The clowns is always 40. Yeah, Ryan. Do we beat human too? Oh, shut. A drunken set. And if you think he's bad now, wait, Joey, how to? Oh, boy. Okay, well, let me come back. Maybe the egg will come out of this shell. But let's say that. Oh, girl. One 48 dude is incredible. I hope what's your name? Mr. Listing whoever wanted to hear that. What's your name? Don't forget to play that. Okay. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Bad news, John Mark, audio. What can I say? Good guys. I don't really know that details are what happened. So on a one hand, we're sorry to see them go. We're in also sorry to see the destruction of QM. Did I just mention this yesterday? No, we had no, no, we didn't. This was coming. I would do it Mark, but talking about sitting and watching the whole place disintegrating around us. Like watching a fall of Pompeii. This is tragic. We had the Humper on the right on the edge on the cusp of extermination. And he had come back and apologize yesterday. What is tail between his fat thighs and here we are now. Would you on Mark audio? Oh, bye bye. What the hell is going to happen next? I forgot some ideas. Now are you going to pick on Mo again? What did I say? Actually, we hardly even talked. You want to know because he's got so boring to me. I just, I have no interest in him, no, Mo. You know? Yeah, I've heard him for one. I first came in here this morning. It's 715 when I crawl out of bed and get my ass in here. And I just open a pot and smoke a little bit. I listen to him and he was doing all the stuff we talked about yesterday. OJ and the ceiling of satellite signals and Tanya Harding would a hockey. I thought, well, this is, and he was trying to make some horrible, awful jokes about OJ and all the cops shows he was watching. It was just tragic. Absolutely. And I thought to myself, Jim Sarnis got a good point. WQAM Hello. Yes sir. About assets. Asked him Colorado. Because any of the skiers are slow. You don't have to work in it. It's not a little plane. There you go. You got it. OK, pal. You got it. Asked him Colorado. WQAM Hello. Yeah. He was going to vote for San Francisco. Obviously that's already been put on the list. Great city. My other recommendation would have been turn Italy. Oh, it's winning though. But he has terrific. It's an hour from the mountains. It's right there on the water. It's not too large, not too big. Mm-hmm. It's just about right. It's a great place. And not well run over by the tourist yet. Like Nannis and Florence. The rest of the places. OK, I'm going to have to put it on my dinner. It's a great place. Especially if you go to the summer you'll have a great time. What's the real quick? The mojoops, the stupid and no and gain. Other things you don't have the website anytime soon. They should probably should be stupid. I like the one where he says, hey, go up those checkered pants. That's not my favorite. Actually, stupid is around our house all the time. So it'll be actually if you did a kitchen with that. That would have been great. I know you did one with that, which you couldn't use all of them. So appreciate it. Obviously it's always a request. It's a request for I'm isn't and these boring. That is just it's just the best. Good thing. Show it up now. He's all the way. They can serve the political. Maven of 2004. Oh, I haven't helped us all the release. These were carry any way so there's something over now. Have a great day. Thank you. I was right. Until I carry. I look at him across. I'm a smander. There's proof boys and girls. If you have no while he used to have talent years ago. How many years ago? About 30 man. More like 50. I'll take your word for it. But even post death. You can still be making big bucks and be legendary. And beyond. On a network that nobody watches. And radio stations. And over. Well, well, way to we play the bit. You got to run on their T. R. I. And. To do. I got a lot more cities. And maybe that I need to see it. I've been in. See is not one on my. I don't want to see Venice. So I smell those. What's the waiting for your report on Prague? Have a minute. Yeah. So I'm waiting. Maybe later this year. Like an Augusto. August Prague would have passed a lot. And sit in places to go. So little time. And so many wonderful places to see. And here we sit at Q.A.M. Why? And local. Sports video. Five. Six. There's. You. It's a boring. What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV? Well, just about anything. But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaning up with radios. Original bad boy who now looks like a nasty old ring. Listen, Bernie. I'm a sellout intern. I'm a copy. So yeah. Every morning see I miss listening to a table. Other people's carony bits live on the air. I need a hammer to bite into this month. I just want to have a question plate. I can see his why he'll be behind the scenes at it. I also need to make them a client. I've had your L.O.R.S. Cookbook and chew. Now get me some fresh coffee or your fire. I miss. He's irreverent. So what's the deal? The boy. He's topical. No, I wasn't deal with his water game. He's incoherent. I'll tell you what. That's a double. What? What? He's. He's a very. And he's only on MSNBC. A cable channel. Nobody watches. And a bunch of AM radio stations. Nobody listens to. And somebody got some fresh jingle. It's islands. He's only been dead for 18 years. Oh, right. He's still going strong. It's amazing. 157. We got the mad dog coming by next to anybody. Tell us what's going to be on the schedule. See, I could go off. It will whole thing now. But clearance. I probably better not. You want me? No. No. It reminds me of the scene in the gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. I don't know if I can get a gun. Just this month, I think. It's one of the 10th. We can't afford to luxury of having people sitting around learning the business. I mean, see, when we're back in the day, eight many years ago, back in the day once upon a time in America, you'd start out in a business at the bottom and you'd work your way up. You'd start out in Canada, when New York and Batavia in New York and stir just Michigan and Albe and Michigan and places like that. And you'd work your way up to hopefully the big time, or whatever your talents would take you to. I'm not anymore. I guess it's like that with everything else, too. Let's start at the top and then move up. Start at the top and then make greater demands. Well, I mean, current is a good guy and it gets my paycheck on time and that's all well and good. But I think that he needs to have a little assistance, maybe from up or somebody else in Ed Building, sitting down with various people, which I've requested this very specifically, that they need to talk to some of the people that were laying the lay of the land or what's going on right now. The audience, like I told you before, to show this morning, the audience still doesn't get it. They're pissed off that Howard got taken off the year in Miami and the other five clear channel markets. They're pissed off about that, but they didn't understand it. This is so chilling what's going on right now, and so limiting and so scary that there are no words to describe it, none that we can say on a year. And so I don't know all the details of the Joel Mark business, but it's like I said, it's really sad watching everything kind of crumbling and disintegrating around you. While Pia is silly little kids are sitting around, picking each other's nose and talking about sports and ball games and crap like that. You think when you deal with a multi-million dollar business with a stock exchange listed company, you think that you'd probably have like people over the age of 10 in charge and taking care of business. See what I'm saying? What do you say? I don't know. What do I know? Man dog is coming up next. That's what I do know. And then a hump or who's back with a snake the Lord. Huffer is hanging on by a thread for the snake. I'm gonna put down the 4K. Bye bye bye! The watch is show on five six. You can't have the plan for learning. Sports radio, 560. WQAM.