Very Jack Astrid Dog Catcher, baby. Very Jack Astrid Dog Catcher, baby. Very Jack Astrid Dog Catcher, baby. Baby, very can look with the Robert Feefer, sounds like a Max Ray and heaven and me. I'm sorry, Tommy. That's a new thing. I'm dying out of the hair. When I'm watching back, we fall on TV. One man is annoying me. Every word's a thousand. Tickie be, my dad. And when someone goes this line, He starts screaming things on their knees. Scritching like a betchie, Tickie be, Tickie be, Tickie be, Tickie be, yeah. He's a little too tall. He's your shudders by mold, Tickie be, yeah. When he's talking, The glare from his head is like me. When his back comes from, Tickie be. Every thing is awesome. And every once he's TV, When she keeps his job trust, Tickie be, Tickie be, Tickie be, Tickie be, yeah. He's a little too tall. Tickie be, Tickie be, Tickie be, Tickie be, yeah. He's a little too tall. Tickie be, Tickie be, Tickie be, Tickie be, yeah. It's a little bit too tall, but even if you're too tall, I'm gonna give you a little bit of $20 by now. I'm just after playing up there. We can still say Dickie be, right? Maybe you're wearing like your Dickies could be. If you're up to the five, 60, WDQA, I'm happy Monday, too. George on vacation this week, so I'm not gonna, I'll wait till about 10 or five of my minutes. George is a great job, but I'm not here he's doing fantastic job, which I'm looking forward to a great summer, starting next week, George will be on three days a week. Maybe four or five would be good this summer. Why not? Right. But, oh, that's right. Fat Zach is there who signs like you got a little learned justice or something in the day. No, I'm okay. Are you okay? Yeah. Sounds like you're under the weather. No. By the way, is a real, cool, but I'll be over you knew that. What an idiot. Belly, I can about that movie. That maybe we'll have a great movie in this German kind, Thuronite night in 11. I saw yesterday, front of a packed crowd. There were only a few seats open in the front couple of rows. We're nobody wants to sit because you get the next brain from stirring straight up to this guy. That's where I had to sit when I saw it. Really? In the front? No seats. You actually went and saw it? Saw Friday. Holy cow, you have to be kidding me. I'm sure Zach didn't go see it. I have a 230 showing today. You're showing it? I'm going to see it, so. I hope that would I say. Okay, well, we'll get back to that. We'll talk at length about Fahrenheit. I love it. In fact, even our poll today is about Fahrenheit and I love it. Robert, greet for Zopsek, though. When? When? Because it's proper, then. When? Yeah. You're such a little self-hating, fat, dual man. You're so pathetic, Robert. You're tragic. God. That's what it was in your skill there is because everybody feels sorry for you. You're such a little nubbish. You gotta have somebody tie his shoelaces for him and am I, how about getting some loafers of big, good Robert? That would solve that problem. 1880 votes on the poll on Friday if you had tons of cash, we're in the world outside Florida, would you live? Hawaii? Look at that. Hawaii just blew it away. I can't believe that. 411 of you said you'd rather Hawaii would be your home base if you had all a cash in the world. Mountains in North Carolina, 175, not for me. Two don't go to North Carolina, maybe like in Charlotte, but not in the mountains. Las Vegas 146, Amsterdam 137, and if you go to Las Vegas by the way, don't play the slots, I'd you guys because people would be talking behind your back. And today, 137, San Francisco 121, Lake Tahoe 118, Monty Carl O103, Roma 86, Fred 284, the Bahamas 83, Capri Italy 81, San Diego 63, Switzerland, Schweitz 61, I just love saying Schweitz, I don't know why, sounds a little like Schweitz. 253, South American etiquette 40, Stockholm, Sweden 35, now we apologize, this must be Josh's a bad on here. The name of the city is Biden, Biden, there's a hype in the near-flight twice. Must have asked for that one. You must have screwed it up, he's got Biden, German, but it's still got 23 votes. Yeah, we know what you mean. A little bit, pride 19, bank ox 60, and Dorothecine, and Manipelok is got a dozen, that's just, they didn't like that, anyone. Okay, they like today's better. You're right, can't over if sovereignty completed, they just passed into all, here we go, you take it, no you take it, come on somebody take it, oh, just drop on a floor. Take the keys, please. So they pulled a little bit in switch there two days ahead of time, it's supposed to be on Wednesday, June, but instead they had a ceremony two days early, figuring to go to Kixie and surgeons off guard. Don't you think that's going to do it? That should disable the problems, right? I think that should be all we're for. I hate or everyone Wednesday, everybody's going to be quiet and calm, we got the new leadership in their security, we'll be tight, everything will be great. Don't you think? Sure, no. I don't think so. But we'll hope for the best, that's all I can say. Now, I'll be there curtain today, Milo Jobovicius on here. Now, it's a fine picture, the only problem is that those of you who are desperate to see movies will be very disappointed because if you want to see Milo Jobovicius, boobies, you can go see return to the blue lagoon. Go pick it up. 1991, you saw all her movies, and thank you saw all her everything in that movie. Remember that movie? Oh yeah. Vivily. Vivily. Return to the blue lagoon. In the course of the original blue lagoon with Chris Hackens and Brook Shields. But anyway, Milo Jobovicius, the picture is fine, there's only one nipple there because he would want to overdo it to on AskFrop, Mike and upset. Especially it's not bad enough they have to contend with that damn Michael Moore. Now they're going to contend with naked boobies on our website. If you're over the age of 75, just click on that thing, okay, and take a quick peek. Milo Jobovicius was born December 17, 1975, in Kiev, in the Soviet Union, which is now Ukraine, which makes her 28, right? Yeah. And a half. Ultraviolet, she's filming that one right now. Also, Resident Evil Apocalypse, filming that one right now, you stupid man, 2002, the House on Turk Street, and it ever heard any of these movies. Dummy, Zula, and her that. So I was talking. The claim, million dollar hotel, messenger, the story of Joan of Arc. I thought that old Watsonames in the original Joan of Arc, was in the Ingrid Birdman, right? Sure. The fifth L. Knight. What the hell do you know about Ingrid Birdman? I have no idea of that. Nothing, you even know who the hell that is. No, you even know that she got a pregnant act up out of wedlock. So you know, she looked like a died to me. He got game. 1990, the fifth element, days in Confused, Chaplin, 1992, Cuffs, and of course her third movie was returned to the Bull of Goon, her second one, Nightfrain to Catman, doing the first movie was two moon junction. Cha, who to however her that? Not me. Not me. Not me. My favorite movie, though, before two moon junction was caught along. Junction was pretty good. So there she is for everybody to see with wonderful showing that to about this. Of course, the really this pretty news over the weekend, can't there stay marine and Pakistani held in Iraq. How many hours do you think it's in fact in the movie? There's a very quick scene. It's shown in the distance. Oh, and I also would like to point this out. But in Canada, you know, how do you have to be to go see that movie in US after the 17? Since, you 17? Right. 14. If you're over 14, you can go see that movie. Yeah. Well, it's like the rate of the old drinking age here in Ontario's 19. It's 21 in the US. Sigorous 19 here, 21 in the US. All of these things. There were a lot of young people in the United States, good news. That's right. That's right. That's right. You're part of Sigorous here. You have to be 18. Really? Well, like I said, so that's an even better idea who to help once kids are getting lung cancer. So what would you rather do? Would you rather be able to buy a Sigorous where I'll go see a movie that you want to go see? Go see a movie? Right. Although maybe smoke in Sigorous in lobby would be too bad. I ate milk does yesterday. I want to apologize to my stomach for doing that. How good were that up? Oh. In fact, it's amazing that I had any of my filling still in there. You only think that pulls out your filling's worst in milk does as judo bees. I think it had any judo bees that were all going in there, I guess. Huh? Those are good, too. Did they still sell those? I think in some, you like, a little feeders. Smaller feeders. Yeah. Or like in bulk of where there's a lot of Jews. Probably. They sell the judo bees. But milk does are great. They still taste the same as it did a long time ago and they still like get all over your teeth and everything. But then the good part of it is that getting all of it in between your teeth and everything, it kind of melts as you're sitting there for like the whole movie. And you still keep looking to back your teeth and still all there, you know? Yeah, you could save a little for the end of the movie. Exactly. Like on your by-cuspage. So what any red did get milk does in crowd was very, you could hear a pin drop. 95% capacity, like I said, the only people, only rose that were open were the first couple, which nobody wants to sit there John. And then, multiple of it this morning when he came in and he was going to go see, yes, they see how I understand that either, how come there's five theaters and Palm Beach County shown it in only two in the Brewer County? What's that? Yeah, what's a saw grass in? It was just a way, wait a minute. There's more than two. You lied, don't you feel a crap? Because I know it's a gateway, it's a saw grass, it's also sunrise and some other sunrise. So that's at least three. Yeah, they're three actually. Some grass. But how soft am there five in Palm Beach? Yeah, me. That must be for, because the people have voted for Buchanan last time and I want to make sure they will miss it. And the only old Jews that voted for Papukan in last time were I loved the way in the start. I don't want to ruin it for anybody, but in the beginning of the movie where they stared out with a bogus election and the thing that is most all brother, you dark folks up there, if you black people don't go in photo, at least 15, 20 times of peace, maybe even not turning there. There's something wrong with you, if you got screwed last time around in 2000 and they showed all those black congressmen standing up, there's Al Gore, of course I had no choice. He was vice president, so he was a speaker at a house in protestant. And he standing up there to certify the final election result as ordered by these two prens, by the right winged supreme, including clearance token, Thomas and Scalian, went rent, quit all of those. And all of these black congressmen have invited them, sub-accompanied, speak before the joint session of congress. And they have resolutions not to certify the election result. And the losses they have to have at least one member of the Senate also sign up. And it was my scene waters, there was this one in that one. And every one of them, when they asked when Corrass do you have signature of any member to Senate in the answer was, no, no, not one. Not one, not a single one, not John Kerry, not Ted Kennedy, not Joe Biden, not Russ by and gold, not John McCain, not anybody. Now, one member of the U.S. Senate, those are the same as Spineless 100 senators, by the way, that voted 99 to one last week in favor of the Senate and D.C. and C.ville, so that we say, can't say crap on you anymore. What a allegation. New事 on this true white subject! Too weighin... See a reporter's diet. Halovfuckback! Every ... hey, tasty, good news for Tony's morning. We have a gatherer about making that boss dead. A match up for June 15th, at Houseain's birthday. But if you lay it by, it's what's really empty And don't stop the young children's life again alive For the time, the corporate being alive And that's why, if we ever get old alive Yes, it's great And the living of what these light's in What these light's in That he stands with both evangelical things Dan dies thoocish Ketting time is much too far But what these things have a bite Cover yoga, why? Cut, write, write We'm a yellow life Of these songs Ketting time Etienne is grave It's a place from blue It says it's in attendance stand a free away. Oh, all those bodies that you're shooting body parts and all those people are going to come back and the hostage is going to have their head strap operation. It's not that already. It was worth it, you know? It says we did it. We did it. This must be from David Sandson, you know? Every dog on me. We did it. Yeah. To our president's critics as our vice president would say go, you're so. Must be from Robert K. We did it. Right. Yeah, from creeper. You're a loser, Robert. Okay. Everybody in the building hates you like poison. Wish you get some horrible disease. Oh, you already got it. David the cops say is what an incredible movie. David the cops is going to break him off today. You've been off every day of your life. Okay. If you ask me, he saw it in highly amissed young latins, older blue hairs and a lot of Africa-Americans. They all cheer decided. At the end of the movie, here in Toronto and it allows say it all the only time there wasn't total silence and you could do a fin drive during the movie was those moments of laughter. You know, when there's some, because the movie isn't like intense for like the whole two hours, there's some lot of yucks in there. Yeah, absolutely. Like the avenants, skit there. That's choice. In fact, that reminded me a lot of the stuff that we've had on our website. In fact, many of the things that I heard like about the deal with the Taliban and the Turkmenistan, through Afghanistan, that oil pipeline. How many months ago did I talk about that? Yeah, I've got like kind of vindicated watching that movie. All of the things I keep seeing, but then again, I'm on some bulgis sports station in Miami with about 50 people listening, so without my accomplishing. David Compton's Michael Morgasala has done for $8 million, Kenny Star and right wing spent 50. It was actually $70 million in tax dollars about the blue stain and all the crap you're right. But now, here's our poll question. And it's really interesting so far. The same as Robert Creeper was in her whining the abushalicry that he is. Yeah, that's practically the same. Yes, and made that did he see it? Oh, and that's the thing. If you don't go see it, then you shut up because you don't know what he'll tell us all about. If you haven't seen it, if you go see it, you hate it. You think it's all lines are propaganda. You're telling your opinion, even though, of course, we know you're full of crap. But that's fine. But opening up a big mouth just because you are afraid that the truth might actually permeate that space where your brain used to be. That's your problem, Robert. Everybody else like you. I should have heard of this morning. Then movies all full of lies. It's all one big lie. But did he see it? No, of course not. No. You're a moron, Robert. That's why your sitting there was a board off at WKM, the guy's 45 years old. He's been there for 30, freaking years now. He's never going to be. He's been a professional student for 100 years. He's got 16 degrees and he's still sitting there looking at the most of the hairpiece. He's got a lost voice. He's got a lost voice. And sometimes. Yeah. This guy, this is the longest departure man in the history of mankind. I'm leaving. I'm leaving. Okay. Don't let the direction he has in a way, Robert. I'm leaving. Yeah. I'll come down to the special for that. I'll have a special ceremony. We're going to have a big party for him. You actually know I would be a party for us. Yeah, exactly. What's your take on Michael Moore's in Fahrenheit 9, 11? That's our pull-quarsity obviously, okay. And here are the choices. We got E9 votes already. Like you do the choices. So on it was sensational. So on it was good. So on it sucked. Haven't seen me yet, but we'll see it. Or we'll absolutely not watch it. Now some people would think, well, what would you put a choice on there like, why would we'll actually not watch it? Because you look at that already. I've stirred. Out of the first 89 votes. Haven't seen me yet, but we'll see it for B6. And everybody tells me that the theaters have been packed in South Florida. Pact. Jamen. And maybe if we had more than 3 in Broward, they might have helped a little bit. Ah, sought. And let's see. It's changed again. We'll see a 66, 17-year-old will. Out of 105. Sought. It was sensational 24. Well, absolutely not watching 10. I don't have percent of you idiots out there. Well, absolutely not watching. But you know what? You're entitled not to go spend your money, but then dummy up. You have no right to say anything about it if you don't want to go see it. That's like giving us a bunch of crap. Oh, you're always talking about the guy father. That movie sucked. Did you see it? No. Probably some professional leaders would see that. I think we would say they all like the guy father, right? Yeah. I think not see the guy father. So there are people that wouldn't go see it. Like Joe Dodger, all right. I can't understand that. Ah, sought. It was good 3 in sought. It sucked too. Okay. So the people who saw it so far, we've got 20, 729, 29 of those. 24. It was sensational. 3. It was good. And 2. It sucked. 91 percent nationwide. They've been doing some exit polling. Nobody asked me, but then again, this is in the right nation. 91 percent of the people's that saw it said it was excellent. That's pretty heavy. Do we? Can you imagine too many other movies where people would come out and then you would? In addition to which in spite of this fudge, who was herniating about, what's that stupid white chick's trailer fresh movie? White chick's. Well, let me say this to you. 3. 911 and we're showing on 868 screens across the US. White chick's is showing on 2726 screens. 3 times the number. And 3. And 3. I'm still out there through it. How do you like that? At the box office, still was number one, which will get to that eventually. How do you like that? I can't wait to see it. White chick's my ass. Ms. Fudge. And by the way, I'm sure Ms. Fudge ain't going to see white chick's or black chick's or, you know, well, chick's already other chicks. He might go to see chicks with, hey, he might go see that. And I'm sure Laura Ingraham and Anne Coulter are starring in that one. Chick's with, f***. Anyway, so we'll see how this pool comes out. And also, one other thing, now that George is on vacation this week, I don't want her. Because it'd be time to go send the case. And he deserves to be ripped a little bit. Sure. And I just want to say the comment that he made. And of course, Josh was right there with him. But Josh didn't want to say too much because he likes working on that website. Right. He likes the cash. But anyway, I mean, I just, I was talking about the Strelagodor casino. Okay. And the fact that if you make a lot of money, you're betting like Nichols and Dimes in the chance to win very small. And if I'm not exciting, there's no motivation. If you're making like Nichols and Dimes like you guys are, then if you're going to win like a couple of grand or five or ten grand or even fifty grand, then it makes the significant change in your life. That was my point. Oh, yeah. Well, I made the mistake because I know when me that Josh was out in Vegas and I said, well, like when you were playing the slots, and it was like this long pause. I mean, you could have read the whole encyclopedia from our art bar to zebra. And it's a full-ed gap. And I would think, well, what's that so funny about that? And I said, well, you did play some slots out there, Josh. Did you and he said, no. No. He's not out one. He's a liar. Not one. You didn't play one slot machine. You didn't put a quarter in a dollar of a nickel. Like D-Zack. You played a slot? I'm not a big slot guy. Have you played slots? Yes, I have. Ah, Faggot. See, that was your just comment. Only all ladies and fangs play the slots. So I was at the New casino with Niagara Falls, and the old one also on Saturday. And I looked around after hearing that announcement from George because I mean, God forbid that I want to ruin my image. And I looked around. I would say that 70% of the people were playing maybe I'll be generous, 60% more than half of the people playing the slots were men. Oh, yeah. Old men, young men, in between men. It's a sucker, you know, I admit that. My friend was there playing Blackjack. He won. I'm playing a slot and I lost. Not a lot. I made a nice comeback. But the idea. I mean, George has got that Cuban homophobic thing which he's in total denial. He'll never admit it. But he's just, you know, as much as he tries to be very, you know, what's it to it is making. It does. It does. Everything is a fact thing. Like certain movies. Like he wouldn't go see, what would it, how was the movie with the math dayman? But he will absolutely not go to see. I know what you're talking about. I can't take it in the net. Matt Damon Jude Law. I can't. A little bit of a little bit of a hundred times. Is this a great movie? Have you seen it? Is it that boredos supremacy movie? No, no, that's bored identity. He's got that new one coming out. Yeah. Now he might actually go see that even though he sure might think it is a fact. But, you know, as if that is anything to do with it. What's it to you? See, that George is Cuban homophobic. You can't control himself. So I played a slot and I enjoyed it because it's fun. It's an action. You can go play the progressive slots. You can win like 20 or 20 million dollars. Something like that. You're not going to win it. But you're not going to win a lot of either. It wasn't it the towns of Mr Ripley. That's very good. Did you see that? I did. Baguette. She George Moko said because he says he's too much staggering in it. And of course, I mean, that's part of the story. But there's so much more to the movie than that. But he won't go see it because of that because he's afraid some of his Cuban relatives will find out. I'm not going to talk on that. Will Smith. Old game movie. There's something he just said. What is this? That's what Wilson is gay too. Now, he. I know what you're talking about. I know just relax. I've been around a block one or two times. I'm not quite as dim as some of your people think close. I'm getting to the end. You know, but I'm hanging on on my phones. Come on, Neil. I'm not you. Oh, the good news is we had a visitor this morning before to show the audience to be pleased to know. Hi, I'm Ali. That boy is back with his pacemaker. He says the beat goes on. Oh, brother. He is something. Yeah, we're somewhere walking around this morning. Was he now? He got his walker. He's got his pacemaker in his heart. He's like walking on his own. Actually, because that has nothing to do with his heart. It's the fact that his situates is given out because he weighs 600 pounds. So nice to have you back flat for briefly and we'll bring you flowers. We'll go. We'll bring you the pacemaker along the water with a way. Yeah. So glad. All the hard burn. Don't go, don't go. Every time I see. Don't go, don't go. Don't go, don't go. Three times in a sandwich. Don't go, don't go. Don't go. I'll keep you. Please, brother, don't go. Repove against muscles. And in our take of a period. I don't know why. Say what, what does everybody see? Because we're all good at the core years. We present in some. The beginning. All right. I feel too comfortable. Don't go, don't go. And get to me a water pool. All right. Here's your one best. Don't go, don't go. Lift your stomach. Sleepy to me. Move. Don't don't go. Bend this high. You can't stop the phone. And this phone can reach it. You can't stop the phone. You see this? Over there, me. Please, present it, Phil. You don't care what it's all. You got to be my hooker cross. The Christian road. I was supposed to do it, but I'm so happy. We've got to break me home. I'm sorry, but you're here. Residence. That was for the Blitz Rock. Bad news for the party. It's this morning. You asked if we'd call this this morning. We'll let enemy combatants can challenge the charges against them in court including the detainees and gitmo, which surprised. Depending on the detainees citizenship. There you go. And we'll have a whole story. So does somebody decide to give it on the internet? You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone. You can't stop the phone or you can't go to the company. What are you telling me? Did your company's on theirurai? There's a second I see. I was fooled. How did your team communicate this? 5, 2, 1. How much 11kms? There's only an out-of-be very honest with him. Going to give you as a deck of his eye can, it's one of the finest movies ever seen in my life. It's powerful. Everybody must see it. At the end of the movie, I actually had like a tear can of my eye. I know one of those people, one of those things. And I cry as easy and movies, but it does choke you up at the end. It makes you very angry and just you get the foaming at them out. About two-thirds of the way through there is one. I think for about five or ten minutes, we're kind of like drags. And I can't really remember what it was all about to be honest with him because it was the only part of the movie that I thought was a little bit boring. I mean, nothing's perfect. But it was a part. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I think it's dragged a little bit too long as far as like when they go into the lady and her son. No, I'm not talking about that. How could you say that? Oh, I don't ask you. What a heartless ban. I don't mean that, but no, they drag a little bit to drag this son. I don't know. Yeah, I'm sure they probably did. Oh, when I was getting too though, is that, in fact, I disagree with you. But the movie now being too long, maybe a couple of segments were yeah. But the movie, to me, if I had my brothers who would have been the first of like a ten-part installment between now and the election, because there's so much more. In other words, he really had a like give a, I'll look in a shuared lot like the papy and act and like so many other things in here. In two hours, you can only cover so much. And for those people who say, oh, went on too long. Balloni didn't go on too long. It's only the future to hold down world. It's just, say, here you idiots. I'll use sports nerds. I'll use silly people. I'm going to tell you, if I have to listen, I'll wait long. I'm going to come roll in here just before nine every morning. Okay? I'm not going to come in early like when Georgian, I can tabulate and the bitchy of each other before to show because he's not here this week anyway. I just, I love Joe, and I'm done these back. But I can't listen to the sports stuff. This is a radio station, keep in mind that on September the 11, 2001 set their paralyzed for, from 845 and a morning until 945. As Georgian, what are we going to say about it? We got to keep talking about sports. What are we going to say about it? Instead of just opening up the spotlight I didn't put on the network coverage of what was going on. As the world, the traits that are towers were crumbling to the ground. And as the Pentagon got hit. And as the president, staffer would have stupified look on his face and that's a school in Sarasota, weeding my pet goat to those little kid. Oh, that was great. Is that, and they showed a clock. 901, 902, and he's sitting there would have same stuped look on his face. 903, 904 and minutes are ticking by and he still sits there like frozen and suspended animation. I'm going to take in my own honest feelings about what this is all about. I keep in mind that George Herbert Walker Bush was meeting with the Carlisle group for the bitlons at morning with top of the bitlons at the morning of 911. This to me sounds like a business deal gone bad and how about the Taliban showing up at proper Texas in May of 2001? The Taliban, those evil doors, the ones that we had a bomb into oblivion, by the way, been into a good job because we only said 11,000 troops to Afghanistan as it's put out in the movie. Well, they're business partners in, you know. That's correct. I've been a great pipeline. You got that oil flowing. Just like I said, and I'm a moron. I'm no genius. I'm a degenerate jackass, a life-to-place slot machine, and a screw-bound block. That's all I'm asking me. I'm no genius. But I said, he went told you for the last three years, is all I, L and M, O, any, why? That's what this whole thing is all about. You think? Yeah, don't tell Robert Greenford that. I can't. He's going to. Robert Greenford will tell you, he'll be spitting much of the water at you. That's right. You'll probably pee all over your shoes. Don't let your eyes back and get in the way. You'll be a son and an answer. Oh, no. It's a free-to-ear-back key. People who make the Middle East more democratic. You should live so long, Robert. Okay? In fact, wouldn't it be nice to see his head on a plate? Anyway, speaking of that, and in the middle of the movie, that I'm taking a long time to get to this point. But that's okay. We got four hours. See how this works, Raza. Yeah, take a time. Kill a lot of time. There is one scene. And it's not really that violent because you see it from a distance. But you see a beheading a chopped up square and we all saw you, Rabi. That's the nickname for that place. And the story here, the Saudi government beheaded 52 men in one woman last year for crimes including murder, homosexuality. Oh, my God. Armed robbery and drug trafficking. But Saudi say that while Islam condones the punishment in one context, it contains militants who decapitated the hostages here in an Iraq. Islam permits the death penalty for certain crimes. And a few men, three Muslim scholars and observers believe that beheadings are sanctioned by Sharia or Islamic law. More crazy religious craft, okay? These Saudis, and if you watch this movie, you don't come away hitting the Saudis like poison. There's something wrong with you. You don't have a brain. They are the sand figures in a wood pile, trust me when I tell you that right now. Okay, the Saudis? They are the lowest of the low. And even if you saw them, we'll be networked, which you probably didn't either want you. But if you saw them, we'll be networked. Remember the speech that Howard Beale was writing and raving about the Saudi deal must be stopped now, about how they bought up. Did you see in the movie, you actually got like seven or eight percent of the whole US economies on the Saudis? Yeah. They got over $3 billion in cash in US banks. We're on our vended knee to the freaking Saudis. Which is why I'm sure, of course, those, although it's 146 or whatever the number was, relatives have been lined in the other Saudis in this country. God, I know it's planes. God, for Ricky Martin couldn't get even on a plane. It was cute. They showed a shot or Ricky Martin and he's like, even Ricky Martin couldn't get on a plane like a morses. But these Saudis all were spirited out of here real fast before they could be interrogated up by the FBI. He missed a Latingrams. Yeah. To new agencies, if they are the Oklahoma bomber, can you imagine if Bill Clinton would have put all of his members of his family on a plane and spirit amount of the country before the FBI can ask them any questions or Terry Nichol Stanley? Yeah, well, what happened to Bill if that happened? Yeah. They would have read again more in peace with hearings. They found another blue dress. Or two. In fact, they'd probably found Greekers with this stains on a paneloon. And love all of those. That's all real, I see you. Oh yeah. Took me a little while. I was a little slough learner. But Neil, I apologize. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It's way deal. You are the truth. I'm not a call here. No, but one is raising David and Mo. How would they do it in his own? And he never eats a coin in my ears for Asians. Oh, wow. Oh, wait for me. I don't even know how you have children. They're about to love. Yeah, I want your take on tape, Peter. Oh, Jay, Peter. Is it great, boy? If I can a good joke. I like tape, Peter. Oh, really? Not the mention. He's got extraordinarily smooth the boxes. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Can you tell me what you say here? Oh, good, thank you, Mom. Oh, no, no, wait a minute. Oh, go. Nothing else to say. Oh, about this. I was doing the down there in the mirror, Mom. I'm going to write down the street for you. Oh, yeah. Oh, wait. Oh, wait. No, no, I have to go. I told you what. I told you, I'll hold you all the way. Tell us that. I'll give you one of my older tentations. Tell us that. I'm going to tell you. It's not a lie, true. That was the only call that we had. And all of a sudden, you know, you're always making it. They're going to do it. They'll do it. They'll do it. They'll do it. They'll do it. Yeah. They'll do it. Yeah. They'll do it. That's it. They'll do it. Well, that's the only thing we can do. And you know, if that is bad, if that around goes into the mountains, you won't know. And I want that. And you know, if that's the only thing that you're actually saying. and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go back to the bathroom and I'm going to go back to the bathroom and I'm going to go back to the bathroom and I'm going to go back to the bathroom and I'm going to go back to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go go out to the bathroom and I'm going to go back to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go back to the bathroom and I'm going to go back to the bathroom and I'm going to go back to the bathroom and I'm going to go back to the bathroom and I'm going to go back to the bathroom and I'm going to go back to the villa and I'm going to go back to the bathroom and I'm going to go back to the bathroom and I'm going to go back to the bathroom and I'm going especially if a real chance to offer evidence that he's not an enemy commitment. I'd be like that. A real blow to the Bush mice during our fancies government. Let's see how that pull is coming. We need some facts. This is good news though that so many people have seen it already. What's your take on Michael Moore's movie Fahrenheit 911? 299 votes already. Haven't seen it yet, but we'll see it 161. Saw it, it was sensational 93. Well, absolutely not watch it. Look at that. But, heard man. 10% of their studies will absolutely not go see it. And you want to know why? Why? Because they can't handle the truth. That might be a group of 30 votes though. Yeah, it could be. He's probably banging on her right now. Saw it, it was good. And saw it. So the people have seen it. That's 130 or 108. Of which 93 said it was sensational. Eight said it was good. And seven people out there who obviously got a viewpoint said, and that's the thing I'm reading is that even in small towns around the country, even in traditional Republicans, strongholds, the theaters have been packed in for the most part. And the people came away with it, not all necessarily said it was propaganda. People came away pissed off and fired up, which is what they should have come. Here's a facts it says. I went with a group of eight to see Fahrenheit 911. We ordered tickets for the regal south. Bates got their 4 p.m. to the 5 p.m. showing the eight antenna platforms show is where I already sold out. The 2 p.m. was sold out. And the 5 show was going quick and sold out. So I asked today all the Saturday shows were sold out as well as some days. I'm just curious. I'm glad that Josh went and saw it. And Zach is going to go. When you go and go and see that. How many other people of QAM? How many of our sports nerds are one of the best people you think are at sea or going to go see the movie? George is going to go see it of course. Please not consider the sports nerd. I understand. But how many of the other people in our radio station? I'm not sure. Probably very, very few. I mean, must say she was going to go see it, but was just jam packed. And of course, you know, isn't allowed to travel outside of Broward. Except as to work. Scott says, Fahrenheit 9.11 was very good. And as I told everyone who asked, it wasn't just two hours of bush bashing. Even those of us who despise this administration wouldn't spend eight bucks to watch the BDI monkeys that they're shifting his eyes before his speech. The story of the Michigan mom who gave more to this company than any of the bush workers ever would was heartbreaking. The parts with Brittany spears. Oh, I'd by the way, all you Brittany fans out there would be one thing that would have to do is to have a conversation. Which I realize isn't this Siri? Me at all. Who wants a talk to her? Exactly. Maybe makes a few sounds. That's a universal language. You know, a conversation that I've had with her. And I must confess that Cal Surfer in last night. I came across by accident only the Nick and Jessica show. Oh, boy. And it was the taping of that video where the like, and the waterfall and the both almost naked. Yep. I just mentioned that in passing. You were talking about they have like a variety show now. No. Now, this is the reality shows supposedly. Wow. Anyway, the parts with Brittany spears in the confrontation front of the White House show that 40% of the nation who support Bush really are intentionally un informed heartless followers. Future has out of the Santa Murphy. He brought the great work. Thank you. Scott Craig and Miami says, I haven't seen it because I'm still hiding under my bed and scared of everything. And that really is the message of the movie. That's what they want. He said, of course, the fact that the world is about business and OIL. And that's all it's all about. But if they keep the public scared enough, how did you like that town in Jersey? Which I wish I would have written down the name of it. I wish the government would have written down name because they had the wrong name of the wrong town. The Asian terror alert for some little town in Jersey. Wasn't it Jersey, John? Yeah. 2000 population. And they're talking to the Yahoo's there. Oh, yeah. Well, versus British is everybody here. And I'm the, it's been seven Jersey. And they come to find out that it was a town that sounded like the other one in the eastern Jersey. There was a one that they were supposed to be talking about. But even that one wasn't the right one. And they don't know what they're talking about. Oops. But if they can just keep everybody scared on pins and needles if they keep the people are afraid, you can make them do just about anything. And that's what it's all about. Oh my God. I can't come in to say to panic. That's why we have these constant alerts. Yellow, the light in the orange light. And on the verge of red light. And we have these in nibulous of warnings. And we have nothing specific. But after watching that movie, I'm convinced that between the bushes and the bin Laden, you got a business deal gone bad here somewhere. And I don't think we'll ever, you know, the, the, the whole truth. Of course not. Well, that's here from some of the people who saw or some of the people who won't go see it. Those are my favorites. What do we got so far? 9.9% of this crowd will not go see it because it's all about your propaganda. And they don't want to be a, we got the, I got the Michael Morris, a, I anti-American and he's anti-chartman. Oh, and it was a great piece on 60 minutes last night. What nice timing. Did you see that? I did not. Great. The last segment on 60 minutes was about Michael Moore. And it wasn't even anything about the new will. We will most most able for column by them. They showed them where he embarrassed their Jack as Chuck Heston, who walked up, who went striding away like kind of an apes a matter of fact. And it was just a beautiful thing. And Michael Moore gave a great interview to a Bob Simon. I just mentioned that in passing. Okay. Nice going. A little free publicity for the movie can't hurt. Do I know how many Q and hello? How you doing? Pretty good. That was an absolutely fantastic movie. And the place was sold out. And every, at the end of the movie, everybody stood and I plotted. Yeah. And even though you've read the books and you've read the articles and you do the research when you sit there and watch this thing on the big screen. You sit there. You almost want to cry. Yeah. It has much greater impact seeing the movie than I'm anything you can read. It was, it was in front of, by the way, that count was in Virginia. Well, Virginia, Jersey South Jersey, same to Baltimore. Well, I don't explain the difference. South Jersey. I think that's it. Yeah. Yeah. Was that absolutely great? No. Where did you go? I thought it was the regal of sawgrass. Okay. And what was the immediate age in the crown? I would say probably late 20s. Uh-huh. But there you go. There's what I was here in Toronto, too. I would say there are a lot of young people of tremendous number young people there, which was great. Yeah. And you sit there and you just see these faces and you know what they're getting ready to say and you can finish the sentence form. Yeah. You've read any of this stuff over the last two and a half years. Right. But you can't even mind that most of the public, even the people are hate bush-like poison. Most of the people haven't read that material or heard it in the Dunoith in about it. That's right. And the Afghanistan thing reminded me of the Joker penguins thing on your website. Exactly. Okay. Thanks a lot, Bally. Hey. Thank you, buddy. See you. 5 6 7 0 5 6. 5 6. On a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Two hours of your life that says it's like, you know, just deciding you're going to allocate this to our number. Go do something useful and maybe feed my brain and learn something. And the one thing I have read over and over again and there've been 80 million articles about this whole thing is that he double checked and triple checked and quadruple checked all of the facts. This isn't just a bunch of stuff he made up, which is what propaganda is. These are facts. If you don't like the facts, that's too bad. That means because it is the thing that you're going to be with your agenda. WQA and hello. Yeah. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I'm in a, I agree with it. I've seen it, but you know, a lot of people going. I mean, it seems, you know, just preaching to the choir. So how do you get the people that are on the fence to go and open up their minds and really see this? Well, there are, there are from what I'm reading there. A lot of, uh, independence and, uh, who, and I'm decided to are going to see it. And that's the key. I, first of all, let me say this to you. Anybody who even if they are anti-bortion, if they're under what's going on. Uh, if they're not already motivated to go and vote, this has got to do it. If they don't have vote after seeing this, then there's something wrong with it. You know, last 9 or 60 minutes when they showed the clock ticking off within sitting there. Yeah. It was just unbelievable. I mean, just that in itself. But, you know, carry can't capitalize on this. I mean, he's just talking about, we better get out of camp for everybody. I mean, he doesn't want to fire on the anybody. I've never made somebody so manly. He's the only thing that's keeping Bush even in a race right now is the fact that he's so lame and so weak. And looks like a dead man in, uh, in shoot. He's dead to absolutely. And, I mean, I don't know what he, who, who is people are to, to light a fire under this guy. But it means talking about, you know, like I said, health insurance and a prescription plan. Yeah. And it's like, no, this is not what some point. It's all short and stuff for his timing sucks, you know? Absolutely. I think I'm not following. Have a great day. 1056 and 56, he killed me got a, let's see, prestees scheduled day pretty much. But the man dog at two, he will not be on a marle by the way. Do you know that mufflers in asking me this morning should we put in Curtis or Joe's a gag in here? What was they ever, can you believe that? Yeah, sure. It is not a tough choice. Curtis is good on the air. Yeah. And then of course, Joe is a good guy. Hank, it's a, for the huffer, I bet your Hank is going to go see the movie, you think? I think he might. Man dog won't say it because he's for Bob Brand. I'm mine, I'm mine, I'm yours, this is for you, five six six six. You're the one who ain't doing it. Yeah. It's day, birthday fire, be tell. Five six, five six, oh, double you, you, you, you. Look at our tree at five sixty, WQM happy Monday too. This back to sublimit, exact facts, it makes three different times. I thought you might like it. It was that good. It was that good. Said saw the Fahrenheit 911 first showing 1230 Friday at the dear field mall. Me and about 47 old Jews from the village. Oh, I. How's that? Anybody listen dear field out here? We send our sincerest apologies. It says that I felt like we child amongst the elders. Movie was spelled by the most assured is evaluation from my convictions for a long ago. And then it's got to think about suggestion for a poll, best seen from the movie. Well, would you do that like at the end of the week, maybe? Or in a few, a couple of weeks after everybody said a chance to see it, including those who are lying and said that they won't go to see it. And then the best part of this fact is, P.S. The bit, my purple veins, most are all way lying to go the, don't even know how you have children in this classic. You're absolutely correct about that. And you know something, we don't know how he has children either quite frankly. And I don't want to think about it. Last week, Joshua, we probably had a couple of facts in the guy who said, well Richard Clark said he was about to walk the rise to Saudi, he's the lead, got he, remember that? Right. And then he said, well, wasn't really in his book. Here's the ideal. The invasion of Iraq was an enormous mistake costing untold lives, back then he outtired and breeding a new generation of terrorists from White House, counterterrorism, Zarr, Richard Clark said over the weekend. We did exactly what Al-Qaeda said we would do, and made an occupied oral rich Arab country that wasn't threatening us in any way. He said before giving the keynote address, at the American Library Association of Daniel convention in Orlando, the hatred that's been engended by this invasion will last for generations. So, speaking of libraries, on the 60 minutes piece last night, they showed again how that one library and that one woman, I think she was in Jersey. Somebody did something in Jersey. She was the one that got the other Michael Moore bowling for the first time. The other Michael Moore bowling for Colabai, her is a stupid white man, published in the first place. It was stupid white man, because the publisher will have it right at 9.11. Retining was bad, they didn't want to publish it, they would do one, and it changed 50% of the book and want to buy a push, and so they were going to like, we pressed the book and we're going to put it up. And when she got wind at that, she started a whole thing on the internet. The emails among the library and associations and they raised holy hell, and they had thousands and thousands of emails and letters and angry phone calls to the publisher, and the book came out and the rest is history. Anyway, Clark took issue with some elements of the documentary maker Michael Moore's turn in 9.11. The movie depicts how the Bush administration followed Saudi Nationals and members of Osama bin Laden's family, rather allowed them to leave the US day after 9.11 attacks. The Saudi Nationals were not allowed to leave until the FBI cleared them opposing any danger or having any else of Osama bin Laden's whereabouts, Clark said, this has become a tempest in a tea pot. He said after around 11, I think the Saudis were perfectly justified and fearing the possibility of vigilantes and against Saudis' miscontree, when they asked to evacuate their citizens, I thought it was a perfectly normal request. Clark added that why they agrees with many things more stands for making this incident a big part of the movie was a mistake, is what he said. I don't agree with him, and I'll say it again, a Tim McVease family, and all the Yahoo's that he was associated with, had been put on planes and left the country, I'll click and would have been vilified, even crucified for doing that. But nevertheless, nobody's perfect dick. Around 3 million people elected Fahrenheit 9.11 to be the number one movie of America this weekend, in sensing as too many as it's in transiting right or directed Michael Moore's Bush ban, estimated over the weekend with an estimated 21.8 million dollars at 868 theaters, lines gave tremened on Sunday along with co-distribute design of C films and fellowship adventure group, the latter quickly formed by Miramatch T's Bob and Harvey Weinstander released these six million dollar motion picture after buying it back from corporate Disney, a pair of Disney. With 21.958 million dollars in the Tillson's had record breaking debut in New York City on Wednesday, Fahrenheit 9.11 is already the highest grossing documentary of all time, excluding large format, concert and other non-apples to Apple Sub-Jammers, surpassing Moore's own voting for Colabine's 21.6 million lifetime grossed that was in the total time that it was out in nine months. This isn't one weekend. Fair and had is also the first documentary to land in the weekend top five little on B number one. It's opening top Quentin Tarantino's television's 9.3 million as the best ever for a canned film festival, Tom DeWirl winner and was Tarantino's jury that had more of the prize this year. So, current heights 25,150 dollars per theater average is extraordinary. It's not unprecedented. The audience is the seventh highest all-time for a wide release. So, how do you like that white chicks trailer trash? Sorry, Ms. Fudge didn't work out for you, but I noticed Ms. Fudge since I was writing a movie before since she listened religiously. It's put the flashing lights down there now that the big bubble gum lights there on there now about the Supreme Court decision. You just keep us there over here. Forget about Laura Ingraham and forget about the Anncolder. I'll tell you what a stick on here. Okay, Ms. Fudge. I'll tell you where to stick it. Breakfast. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. So, you got a... What was your favorite part? My favorite part? I mean, there were many, but you know, you got to have a good moment of the movie light. I'd be honest with you, I thought it's hard to pick a favorite part of even a couple of favorite parts because I love all of it except for that one low. Like I can't even remember what it was about two thirds of the way through. What I loved at the beginning about the vote because being the inflow to what all that happened. That practically brought tears to my eyes to see the way that this thing was just... I keep telling you folks it was stolen right there and brought daylight right from your people. And the thousands and thousands of black people, how about that conversation from Duval County and Jacksonville is up there with tears derived practically about the 16,000 black people were not allowed to vote on election day in 2000. That sounds fair. Yeah, that sounds very well. Of course, we know that most of those dark folks, they have both democratic, you know, would have been good for Gorsh, was banned for Bush. They're for again lost, you can vote. You're all about your criminals. That part was unbelievable. And then of course, I just can't pick one part. All of it. Because it's not that kind of a movie. It's like it's like you sit there glued with you, watch part after part after part. You watch what's happening in Iraq and the lies and the deceit and the bullcrack and the fact that the world is a business. This is like network all over again, 32 years later. It's like the movie network. And then of course, I also like the fact that even though we didn't spend a lot of time on it, you really gave the old shot to the American networks. And it was Dan Bradley. And there were of course, I'm one of the American, a win in all of this, and there was ABC and CBS and of course, CNN and Fox got this really exactly what they deserve. Big time. The Fox propaganda at work. And your favorite part was, well, I had a couple, but I just liked a lot when I made them look stupid, which is quite often in the movie. Well, I don't have to work too hard to do that. And he's someone that thinks that he's like fumble and stumble on and say, like, oh, you know, I'm not just on vacation. You'd be amazed what you can do with the telephone and all that. Well, how about it, Abby, Abby, and the movie, where he was in Tennessee? I mean, we've got that sort of made in time, but he's making a speech in Tennessee and he said, when you know here in Tennessee and in back in Texas, but I'm sure in Tennessee they have an expression. Full me once. At that point, he was lost. Shea Manu. It was just great. Yeah. This is, of course, we're sitting here laughing. That's the same part of it. And you walk away from there and you, I asked myself one question. One question. How can anybody, no two questions? Number one, how come there are in people in proceedings taking place right now? And number two, how can anybody continue to support this man and he's not these around him? How is that possible? I, you got me. It's incredible. People like Reaper. Yeah, more ons. I mean, what's his excuse? Brain loss, little quizling? Just poor little brat. I mean, I can understand two groups. The people over all the big money, like he says, you know, some people called you, what was it? The elite, I caught you my base. Yeah, my base. It has in the have more. Yeah, I could understand the ultra wealthy who love his tax cuts for the rich. And I could understand the board again. Loona fix. I could understand the pad robber, since the jury fall wasn't all the other disciples. The brain washed masses are asses. Other than that, I can't imagine anybody. Anyway, don't get all, don't, don't, don't, don't get all worked up now. Don't get worked up now. Okay, just let me say calm and cool and collect. Relax. You know, now that my good buddy Moa, his, you know, made peace with me life is a lot sweeter. I stand in front of you now. Two years later and saying it took me a little while. I will slow learner. But Neil, I apologize. Don't go, don't go, don't go. You're a deal. You are the truth. Amen. There's my name, man. I didn't hear any of them in guilty this morning. I asked him up about it. He said it's just sounded like, you know, one of their usual shows. And I said, I guess I've been this much. Everything was fine with those to this morning. Yeah, it's the abnormal. Even after all last week's stuff, go on. Yeah, I noticed that in joke, him on this morning. My good buddy Joe, the little dog there, a little disappointing there in the beginning. I thought he'd like really, you know, let it all out. Give a few real good shots to Greg Reed and about the kind of way that this place is operated. But I don't know. Maybe there was enough money in that field. Kind of shut him up a little bit. Pretty disappointed. Like a big build up for the audience. And then we just like stick up, pin in the balloon and let all the air off. You never know. I would make those sounds, but of course we can't do that anymore. It's 1113 at 5, 60 W.M. If you're sick and tired, you're PC being attacked by browser pop-up windows being watched by spyware and getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and coworkers. The easiest way to deal with those bugs is to get a mac and touch from the Mac Center, the Apple Space List and for a lot of Dale. The Mac and touch is built on an entirely different based in Windows. So all these PC patches can't hurt the Mac. The technology experts at Mac Center can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac with thousands of programs available, including the ones that are already used to like Microsoft Word, Excel and lots of others. They'll even take your old computer as it's created. So make the change today by calling the Mac Center at 9504-4865500. You will not get a better deal on your Mac or iPad. Any place else in town because Mac Center is the home of the 5% rebate on a week purchase. Come in before June 30th. I'm turning the Mac. I just did win the hard to find iPad then in which means before Wednesday. That's Mac Center, I'm commercial bull of our call at 950-4486-555500. No forget to mention that Neil sent you for our proceedings at the Mac side. I stand in front of you now. Two years later and say, it took me a little while. I will slow learner. But Neil, I apologize. It's way deal. You are the truth. Do you drugs back him? I'm message to America from 16 year old in the IBM Dallas. Oh yeah. They want me to tell you all this way is here. What could be wrong? I didn't need that was a blessing. I am 16 years old now from the luckiest more in the world to be here in the jewel of the Caribbean Tastros Kyova. The hotel's here are, how you say. Swinty. I'm also fortunate to be wearing my family heirloom. These are the matters why it's Tastros. So if you want your happy news. I am getting my license home. And party says if I pass my desi on that 6th street test to the bottom for at 50 a.m. I can't save away at one thing. You in the tells may have came on this level. We have previously, lots of minutes. It will stop the trouble to convince me I am still want to show you our support. Please send me your empty cafe to sell your cans. If he send me peace then please. You know, Jenna Reno is a nice man. I've always declared him to him for saving me from that weird janitor with that heir. You may not notice, but he touched me. So, f***o imperialist, Maricco. Maricco. Maricco. Maricco. Okay, but 1118 at 5.60 WQAM. Here's the facts. What the facts are for in a? So, I'm not a little inquisitive liberal. My voting record record. I bet you're going to go see that movie. I think? I don't think so. I may can you imagine that scene where the woman is pouring your heart out. Loses her son in a rack and gullies in the audience. I'm sorry, I just had an eye. I can handle it. I'm not left with an inquisitive liberal. This says my voting record reflects whichever candidate it happened like better each selection here since 1980. The Republican view was at the poor. They ought to try harder. No one's entitled anything. But, Anyone who supports this administration is a greedy religious nut that just wants to pay less taxes regardless of all the war, murdered, debt, destruction and bush-saudy oil deals, Iraq will never have democracy. Does anyone think the losers are free elections or what set the results and run again in four years? There will be endless assassinations and coups. The scariest thing is 50% of this country still supports Bush. I can't even watch crossfire because the rights have been never changed. The Panthers have been in the stand-and-and-coup finals and my people go out. I'll send them to dark before listening to that little kid on the radio. Also, according to Mike Russo today, the Panthers will be by our interference to the summer. Don't worry about it, sir, whoever you are because the National Occult League at the moment is the O.A. That is true. Five voices to be dismorning when he came up with it and there was a new pacemaker all shiny and glowing. He says, how many are you thinking of getting a child draft? About Pally? About a descent in that you guys thought of it. Exactly. That's exactly right. A couple of quick things, if this fast, firstly you can buy both. I don't care how much Bill Clinton's book is. I love Boba. I said, or he was on with King, they showed it again last night. But I'm not going to buy the book. Are you going to read that book? Probably not. 950 pages? I mean, no, no. No, no. 950 pages? Yes. 975, I believe. Not ever. Secondly, after viewing the video on George W. Bush, the company's carry-goer and other Democrats to hit the rest. The following email to the Bush Cheney campaign, I'm sending it to you because I thought you might appreciate the sentiments and also because there ought to be a record of it in case my wife and I suddenly disappear in the middle of nights as Charles and his own figure field beach. It says, saw the video showing it off Hitler with John Kerry and other Democrats and had to wonder why you're less someone out, namely President Bush. Press, got Bush. I mean, after all, by a bit of man who made the Bush family fortune by trading with the enemy. The enemy coincidentally began being the world's all-time favorite dictator before Sodom, the very same hit off Hitler. I think Grand Pop Bush might feel a bit slided, don't you? Because without his company's financial support, the Nazi war machine might not have ever gotten off the ground and all those millions of people who died in WW2 might still be alive, so I think you'll agree he definitely deserves a spot next to an old eight-off. Yes, by all means, let's not forget Press, God Bush, Walsy, honor being the one who kicked off the Bush families, despicable practice of crawling into bed with the lowest of the low regardless of the consequences. Just as long as there's a dollar we made, well that sounds familiar, doesn't it? Oh yeah. My God and Heaven is former Secretary of the Army Robert Stevens once said, have you no sense of decency of long last, have you no sense of decency? I thought that was lower in the Army McCarthy rings. We said that, when he might have said it too. That was his name, somebody will call him reminded. He was great. Before you were born, both he. In 1983, his some facts, so the audience still didn't applause at the end of return of the Jedi, that was the last time I saw such a reaction. It took 21 years with 299, 11, a great the same standing ovation in the theatre. 21 years. A totally electrifying cinematic experience of Eva St. Michael, it said. Amen. I see here it's a lot of it too polite to be standing and the plus leaves didn't score a goal. And even that makes the witness to it. But they gave a sitting, a very loud and enthusiastic ovation including your strutty at the end of the movie. You couldn't help but do it. It was spontaneous. It was sensational. So my God, it's clapping like I see this movie. You don't have to but you will at the end of the movie. You may think you won't. Have you ever cried at the end of the movie? I don't think so. I never had before either. Yesterday was the first time. And I'm going to go see it again this week. I'm going to go see it again two or three times. Anyway, Rhonda in focus is despite the fact that the French liked it. I still enjoy it. That's very night 9-11. They are pigs aren't they Rhonda? I saw it in Boca in an early bird's special screening at 57. I was by far the youngest person in the theatre. The response was just electric. Oh, he was crelling from it. Everyone filed the never vote for New Cannon against her bushes finished here for sure. Actually, job, Rhonda had perfect. 5-6-7-05-60. 5-6-60 on the A-8. To me, the whole thing that the minivary beginning about the 2000 election. Your fat part doesn't just frost your Florida asses man. Especially you dark folks. I'll let me sit again. Although the one interesting thing about the crowd in the theater I went to a place called Canada Square, which if you don't know Toronto, it doesn't really mean anything to you, but it's a shopping center. And you take the subway to Young and A-Winton, Young is the main north south of the street in town here. And you get on the subway and unless you off inside the shopping center. You think anything more convenient than that? That's perfect. Especially in a wintertime, I would imagine it comes in kind of handy. But I'm looking around and they're just signs say Canada Square theaters. Whatever, I go up the escalator and walk a few yards and there it is. And as they kept coming in and coming in, I got there about 5-5 after one. I bought my ticket online ahead of time, so I didn't get shot out. I was going to slip over there just to find out it was sold out. Very smart. Right. And I got my milk duds and I died. I've seen them sitting there and they're killing in and filling in. I thought, my gun, this thing is going to be sold out. What you did? So do excuse me. Did you have to sit there, anybody? There were a couple of like businessmen 50 something guys sent next to me who were very much into the movie. And obviously, I bought shot course almost everybody here's any type of course. Which I hope they'll remember today. Don't go up or sleep in a harbour. It's a lesson day in Canada day eight. Please. Anyway. And I know this one thing. It was a one black person in that theater. Really? Yeah. I don't really know that much about that neighborhood. But there was a one black person in that movie theater. And we're on one. That's surprising. And I would say the average median age was not. There were a lot of teenagers, a lot of people in their 20s. Which is tremendous. And of course, I'll say it again. You have to be over 14 here to see as opposed there with a 17 and C 17. And a 15 and 60 year olds are the ones who really need to see it. Not so much here, but in the US because there's a one's a monkey drafted. If there's a little theory of adventurous and continuous all around the world. And if there's a little to get some for another four years. We got to war with Iran and then we got to war with North Korea. And then we got to war with Syria. And who knows where it ends? Yeah. Probably in similar way they don't have any oil. Or nukes. WQA and hello. Come on in now. Mr. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. I think you were from Tennessee. I don't I don't get the green with you. That's it. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'm headed to my initial day. I got to get them in the water away real. And of course the other was running away. You know, is that a ran away? They run off on. But I think they knew before I never wanted to see. I was in Michael Moore's state outside. But another one was when you had that Afghanistan or. It was a raccatch. And the woman was. You could hear us say, oh, how are I thought, you know, guys, got a question. Guys, you know, I was the only I read on the house. And the people that were liberating. They were more slain down in the floor. And this is not the matter for people to go out and go. Um, I mean, I was in jail yesterday. And it was, it was, you know, they would only old Jews. And, um, oh yeah. I walked in and, and just a few who had just didn't a front wheel. Because I got there about now and a half early. Yeah. And, um, guys, I couldn't straight up. And I'm, yeah. Yeah. Good thing I wasn't trying to get with push being a movie so long. I, uh, didn't have to throw up on anybody. So. And he, okay. I'm out of the stadium. I like to. You can get out of that place. Please. 26. Can't you still let him. I'm going to tell you what you ought to be doing is getting everybody. All your friends directed to vote. Josh is going to go out and vote. Yeah. Are you registered to vote? No. You will be soon. This is worse than the slot machine thing on Friday. I may just, I may go on strike out of protests right now. You still can register to vote, Schmuck. How about Zack? Is that where you're going to vote? I am. And I will be in Plantation. Right. That call your house a lot and give you very do-eat. Ha ha ha. Oh, John. I'm going to register to, I'm just, uh, jokingly. You better register. Otherwise we'd have no more show. Do you think Mo is going to vote? Oh, I'm guessing yes. Gildy. More than likely. Thanks, though, vote. I've heard you that the Humphors got about to make them a check about that. And man, hammer, he's going to be out there banging on it. And vote until you'll see. 27 past 11 at 5. 60 WQM. It's summertime. Days are getting longer. Not too getting shorter means it's so important for you to do it nicely. I still don't understand that line. If you're not stepping as well as you could call 1-800 mattress today. Minions of people have dialed 1-800-MATT-RES for the lowest prices on a vest Brands anywhere in bedding. The easiest possible way to get to a great night sleep. So if time saves money and proof of productivity and pride in your disposition, I get the great night sleep every night. Dahlum mattresses ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction. And they were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau, local torture Vexal and Sword. When you call 1-800 mattress, you get the best prices on the best Brands with delivery on your schedule. You picked that tour window when it's convenient for you and they'll be there. The best customer service in the business too. Dahlum mattresses has the complete line of the top names that you know love and covet. CD, Suritor, King Coel, Simmons, Temporpeed, Experience and Bedana's Foster. From Candleless tour, Palm Beach, The Ford Meyers, Dahlum mattresses and liver Right-tier door and sit at up for you to the finest bedding in the world. Everybody at 2-End that's got a brain is called 1-800 mattress for our bedding, You ought to be doing the same. Law down to their website for more information at mattress.com. Effective and order right there are column full free. 1-800 mattress to guarantee you a great night's sleep for a long time to come. 1-800-MATTR-ES 1-800-MATTR-ES 1-800-MATTR-ES 1-800-MATTR-ES 1-800-MATTR-ES 1-800-MATTR-ES Oh baby, how many are you doing? Hey, when you're pleased to be having a fruit slur, Do you see? We are having a stale on camera, Or a baby, do we have a lot of men in the labor? We're pregnant, there's much needs of a lot! Hey, can you take me? Hey, can you take me? Okay, I have to do everything! He might even get my feet off when I'm inside that tree And he might even get my feet off when I'm in a bad team And he told me he got my special man And he said, I'm gonna go for a reaction, So I'm gonna open it, we don't know, He's gonna be weak, they're like our two, And I'm gonna be fun in the future And I can't go for my food, But my taste will be bad, I'm gonna run away, I'm gonna run away Follow the road, I'll be right back I'll be right back You can smell them Saudis! All over here, I'll tell them right now, They really make me sick, And after seeing them moving, they'll really make your blood curdle 100-five hosts on a poll so far. Pretty heavy duty. We've got to shout out to the fouls again today, John. I think we'll do it. Because this is what everybody's talking about from coast to coast and pillar to post to the water cooler at the tea room, you name it. Even people sitting take an dump at a public tea room with their sit and side by each, you know, in the stall next to him. What do you think about the movie is what they're talking about? Even people are wrestling in a highly and a whispering thing through the glory holes about his movie, all those who bonos. What's your take on Michael Moore's movie, Furn-Hight 9-11? 550 votes haven't seen the yet, but we'll see it, 279-55.2 percent. Over half of you still haven't seen it, we'll get with it. So, it was sensational 144. We'll absolutely not watch it, 55-10.8 percent. Now, what do you make of those people? I think Greeper got the 55 computers. I'm serious, what do you make of people who will that kind of attitude? Well, definitely, that's why it worries that way. You know, I could have said, well, probably won't see it, but definitely won't go see it. These are people who are afraid, and you know what they're afraid of? The truth? That's it. You got your thumb right on it. Saw it was good 14. Saw it, suck 13. So, let's see, the people that have seen it is crowd so far out of 511. 147-14 is 161 out of 174. It was either sensational or good, and only 13 out of 174. It's suck, and those are probably right when you're sitting and we'll see it anyway. Just people who hate Michael more because they can't handle the truth. WCQAM, hello. Yeah, I don't, but pretty good, pal. Saw it when we saw May and dear folks, a lot of old people, but there was a lot of old people, but there was a lot of old people. There was a lot of laughter, and there were a lot of people who were making a big difference. When they were showing that one kid being thrown back into the bag of the pickup truck. And I write that small baby. Yeah, great movie though, everybody needs to see it. I'm taking a couple more people that they're a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a Republican side. But I'd go about a pay for it, so I was taking a good care. Not a good one. I'm going to buy like books of you, wanted to have to movie see her in and about this for a fair and I'm not a lot of good to see this, you know. I'm doing it. Thanks a lot, pal. Good taking. Get all those fence citizen there. Get all those revenue. In fact, you know what we ought to be doing is going around to the churches. All those southern back-toes churches go on and hit out the coupons. They'll know that the devil has struck and struck them right on the nose. When you reach out and grab a whole lot of that. So she's just bringing the movie into them. You know, just tell them that it's the educational movie. Yeah, there you go. And tell them that's the past of the Christ. Oh, we got your wrong damn. I'll borrow that. I'll borrow your mysville watch it. Oops. Sorry. Speaking of movie reviewers. While the country is a whole appears split. Says, you know, the country is a whole is not split. If anyone percent, oh, they're talking politically. Okay, along political lines. Excuse me. I'm getting more tough. It says movie reviewers that you are standing in this papers are most definitely not split. And ENP that's editor in publisher magazine survey of 60-feet daily papers that are in reviews. In red and blue states alike. Finds that 56 gave the film a positive nod with only 7 of standing in almost 90 percent favorable while rating. 56 out of 63. The 7 in the anti-camp were waiting here this. But he tried to impress, which is shocking to me. Denver Rocky Mountain News, San Jose Mercury News, not at all shocking. New York Post that's over Murdoch. So an hardly at all shocking. Philadelphia, do you know is another right wing rag in the Charlotte Observer. And the South Florida Sun Sentinel. Absolutely correct. How do you like that? Only by the right wing Chicago Tribunal should point out. Many of the positive reviews express reservations but overall waiting on the plus side. Among the few negatives, TV flowers in the Sun Sentinel called a film hyperbolic hysteria. And Lawrence Talkman in the Charlotte Observer observed that more rakes, muck like nobody else but almost as much of it's six to him as to his subject. Which I forgot for me, well what does that mean? Got me? How did he come off looking bad in that movie? First of all, he wasn't in this movie nearly as much as he wasn't voting for Columbine. So where did the mud stick to him? But they were drowned out by praise not only from some of the expected big city papers, but from smaller towns, do Allen of the Denton record chronicle in Texas referred to a more film of Martin and the Arkansas Democrat Gazette called a film tough and true. And Jane Stanford and a Kalamazoo Gazette found it to be skillfully directed to our indictment. Mary Paul's and he kind of crossed a California Times Finox cover to waterfront and calling the film Tension at Clever, Skating, Funny, Snarky, Roodle, Sad, Blib and a Times of Officials. But nothing's perfect. 560560 and of course it's interesting that we're hearing from a lot of these people. It's a very clear field though, Ray Wodges, Spectrums. But that's our Florida. That's one of the things that's so sad. I was telling a friend of mine the other day about South Florida and what it's all about about that and a graphic is so screwed up. You go any, I don't care where else you go. Maybe, well, maybe Sun City like in Arizona, when they have all those retirement communities. But any place else like right here where I'm sitting now, you can go outside and there are old people. It's not like you've all been used to lies or anything like that. Yet, there are old people out there and there's young people and there's middle aged people. And there's just all kinds of people. And they all live in the same neighborhoods. Unlike this experiment, guess what boys and girls, it's a nightmare, it doesn't work. All this condo living, all these old cochers living together, waiting to cope together. Very sad, if he pressing. A little bit. A little bit. Alright, a lot of it. Man, turned it into an outdoor funeral part of that South Florida for you. Line 9 is always right on it. 2AM hello. Hey, Andy, how you doing? Pretty good, pal. Excellent. Hey, I had an Orlando man. I saw the movie. And, uh, right. Oh, when I was going up, when I was going up, I had to go in there. I had to happen up there on a clear channel with talk station. Spend everything trying to get people not to go see that movie. Really? Yeah, well, you're an American. Oh, I'm going to review Spiderman if they're public in the smart. Don't put it at on the Spiderman too website. And the movie is, it was kind of funny, but I really enjoyed the movie. I was in there with a little bit about three years old. I really had a good time seeing it. I'm going to go see it again. Excellent. Thanks, honey. Talk to you later. Fair channels, the anti-Christ pal. You don't forget it. Yeah, this business of don't go see it again. What are they afraid of? If it's so bad, if Michael Moore's full of crap, then why are you afraid? People ought to go see it, and then they can, uh, debunk all of the lies. And it makes it new. That's the way to deal with it. Yeah, that would make a walk out and say the movie was a sham. Right. That's right. As opposed to don't see it, you're going to be subsidizing Michael Moore. Then he'll make another one. Which he is going to make another one. It's going to be trucking about to pharmaceutical industry and about HMOs. You mentioned that the other day, which is long overdue. And again, drug industry, US government, all crooks, baby. That's what we're talking about. Cheney got, uh, and nail, not as much as I would like for a scene as movie. He got nail pretty good. And he's good friends at Halle Burton. And then that one guy that was up there talking about that seminar with a community businessman. Well, actually multi-national businessman about how the business opportunities and it's only going to get better and there's going to, once that oil starts flowing, there's going to be more and more money. And it's enough to make you a sickier stomach. Just that scene alone. If you just watch that one scene alone, that tells you everything you need to know. This is all about OIL and M.O. Any Why. It has nothing to do with freeing, uh, with democracy or, uh, operation or wacky freedom. Right. That crap. What it has to do is a human sacrifice of almost 900 of American young people right now. Thousands and thousands and thousands of Iraqis who are living many of them in terror just like that family you saw terrorized in a movie. It looks like I've already been for it's emancipation by the presentation. And then why I first started using that phrase a little bit realized that the chopped off the oil was going to circle on on now. But then again, that's the Saudi F.M. way. 19 till noon at 5.60, but if you were, as your company suffering from regulations and freees labor costs, let Oasis outshircing help you when it comes to the people's idea of Venice. Paywell administration, Fortune 500 company employed benefit, human resource services, and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing the name for a free of adoration at 1-866-at Oasis. That's 1-866-286-2747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing them stands of any fancy team and resource management. Oasis outsourcing thing recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which lets you focus on your core business, where you lead the operational details to the folks that Oasis outsourcing. So let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you'd like a free of adoration with no obligation, call it tool for number 1-866-at Oasis. That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. This week, I propose a series of new ambitious steps to build on our recent success against prosperity and new jobs. We must continue to turn our backs on America's families and workers and entrepreneurs. We'll put good companies out of business and good people out of work, including every farmer rancher and small business owner. The coming months, I will continue to work with Congress to achieve these important measures, requiring all states to criminalize productivity, manufacturing and housing construction, and others who move at this economy forward. Thank you for listening. Sure. Let them 45 at 560, WCM will give them a project to do. All right. Not often, unless they say you're going to take Josh court is right there by the hand, and you're going to take him to where we're hands to go to get registered to vote. Can you do it online? No. I don't think so. We're talking about in the break. I told him he had a register. He will. And he's got a... We're going to get a register for the weeks over. I mean, this is what most Americans, I don't want to like simply you, well, but most people are very lazy. And I'll say, oh my gosh, I saw it was dynamic and I'm pissed off and part of... You're going to go vote on, I don't want to get called for jury duty. What if that is going to be the lamest old excuse? That is pathetic. So, in other words, it's not important enough for you. He's got what you said. That is, I mean, I have strong opinion about it. And, like I said, I'm going to go to register. Yeah. Or else, okay, we're going to find out. In fact, I want to see that voter registration card. I want to... I want a copy of it. I want a... Taximate. You'll have it. The moment that it is in your pocket. I... Let's see, Michael, I already... I don't want to repeat too much. It's been never less so, we're anyway, because it was so impressive. They sold out in the state, Bill Hummer, Fort Bragg, North Carolina, Michael Morse, had some... they sold out in Army-based towns. We said house records in some of these places. We said single one day records in a number of theaters. We've got standing obeisances in Greensboro, North Carolina. The biggest news to me this morning is that this is a red state movie. He said referring to the state whose residence voted for George W.B. in 2000. Republicans, states are embracing the movie, and it sold out in Republican strongholds all over the country. Harvey Weinstein said it's beyond anybody's expectations. I'd have to say this guy's element on this movie, who knows what territory went. The only sad, the tragic part of this whole thing. We're not the only one, but to me the most tragic part of it is that we have to go pay the A-Fox to see a movie to get to truth. CBS wouldn't give us the truth. CNN wouldn't give us the truth. NBC, ABC, certainly not Fox Nazi news. MSNBC, then nobody watches anyway. They're not going to give it this information. Everything is presented to a pink colored glasses, man. Cosphetic. You're all speaking of colors. You're all speaking of colors. Now, I guess so. Well, it's all worth the eight bucks at 10 times the price. Good news over the weekend, though. Speaking of colors, the green party on Saturday refused to backwell. Later, he's independent run for the White House. I moved that could be used as chances of being a fact-win as years election. Oh, right. He thought he was going to sneak in. The snake that he is pretending to be Mr. Ethical. Mr. Honest, all of a sudden, woke up. He's just another crooked politician, like all of a sudden. And they all are. Bellagets to the half million member parties, presidential convention, voted nominate party activist David Cobb. No relation to harness driver Eddie Cobb. A California lawyer who loved the delegate count going into the meeting. On the second amount of voting, count captured. 400 eight delegates more than they 385 need to get the nomination. Later, had not sought to party his nomination, but said he would have accepted it. He did that when endorsement is a possible route to getting on a ballot. In 22 states in the district of Columbia. Guess what? Guess what, Ralph? He thought it could back his way in and about by having the endorsement of the green party. You couldn't happen. They said, bye-bye, Ralph. You sorry, Stagey, you will fool. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. WQA, up there. WQN, hello. Hey, I just wanted to ask you with the phone number for delay. Can we go and go and go? The phone number for delay to west focus. Yeah. Is one? Okay. 877. Got it. Low car, billow W, C-A-R-B. Thank you, sir. You're welcome. Ah, you're welcome. That was, uh, painless, right? That was great. Nice little plug for our friends. Sure, why not? 560, 056, 8556 on the AT&T line. What's your take on a Michael Moore movie? I've heard that night. I love it. We got 5809 votes. Haven't seen it yet, but we'll see it. 377. Saw it. It was sensational. 168 and it was. Well, absolutely not watching. 65. 11% say, we're not going to watch it no matter how good it is, no matter how much truth is in here. We rather go watch school be do. We go boner go see Spider-Man 2 and school be do. And, uh, white chicks and black chicks and pink chicks and yellow chicks. Well, absolutely not watching 65. Saw it was good 15. Saw it. Saw it. So the people who have seen it, 180, 397. Let's say 200, okay? Because the math is simpler. Sure, right. 183. I'd have just under 200. I said, like, 90. And it's not interesting. You know what that comes up to? Like, 91 and a half percent. Pretty much what did I say about the exit polls nationwide? 91%. See, you sell the audience a little bit too short. You're a zank. I'm sorry. You think you're all a bunch of sports nerds. They're just give a crap about ball games. And about, uh, I couldn't believe I heard Joe Rose talking about how many playoff games the dolphins are going to win this season. Then I read, who are they who did I imagine at? It's definitely possible here. Oh my god. How many playoff games are the dolphins going to win this season? Is the football season starting at the end of something? No. Wow. He's starting to become almost like our football kid. So not quite. Maybe it rubbed off. Come on, Joe. Get with it. They can still be in the gun and deal. Is this first day back? Yeah. That's right. He's a little slow. He's off his feed. Oh, and that reminds me, speaking of office feed. You know, we got Josh here sitting right there. Always sucking up for dunking doughnuts, dunking doughnuts. And George and I are always giving a business about how anybody with any plays these crispy cream. I'm sure that's equity with that. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's what he's doing. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. He's doing a lot of work. Basically, what the deal is, he's willing to take the free stuff from Dunkin' Donuts, because I call the rest of us in the business. He's a free loader, which is good. But if he has his drug, in other words, if he's actually going to pay for the deal, he's going to go out and buy crispy creams. So, how do we even know the joke paid for those drugs? What's he probably made in the Oregon? Just like Charhot. I mean, that's one of his finest bosses. Isn't it a good place? But you think he actually paid for that stuff he was raided about in Charhot? Oh, definitely not. I hate to break the news to you, Joe, because you're, you know, it's that glaze to taste again. But if you want to get the good stuff in Charhot, it's the sausage, as far in a way, better than the burgers and the other stuff. He's always raided about. Charhot's the best. Did it, but, you know, should get the sausage there? I get everything. Sossage with the cheese and onions. And I heard you're sucking around for free for this morning. I love this what you need. Just what you need, Mr. Let's go back to QA and roll. Yeah, get stuck in the deal. Speaking. In the old scragg, I just want to tell you, I've been listening to you for four years. I'm going to milk dirt down here. Right? And I'm a trinch right out today. I get a mission man. I'll tell you. I learned a lot from you. Maybe laughed every morning. And if you ever know, you can Virginia, you get a place to say, buddy. Okay, Sally. And one last thing I'm going to say is, she had to bought a bag. Yeah, okay. I'll be looking for her. Ha ha ha ha. I've done a couple of those military guys that they interviewed to come back home and ask that one of their conflicted guy would you ever go back to Iraq and they know, we're going to go to jail. I'm not going back. Well, he figured it out. This is a human sacrifice. Here is the man, this whole administration they've all got blood on her hands. They got oil and money dirty money on her hands and blood lots of it. And the public sits back. The bullet bullet bullet would like that. Like I said, it's wonderful. They are the standing ovation. Everybody's whipped up into a frenzy. But we'll see on November 2, then we'll see. Just as they're going to put their action where their mouth is. Because we got millions of lazy bastards out there, just like Josh Cortis, who talk of a good game. But all gone vote, I can't be bothered with that. And that's a waste of time. Or I'm going to get called for jury to do it. Evening the excuse. Or my dog has wild diarrhea. I got to go home and clean the carpet. Well, whatever. Those are just second excuse. Now I'm sure. Well, we'll call to our concepts for you. How do you like that? They'll do it. Why do you like registering to vote? Mr. Smarty pants. Why do you want to find crispy creams and getting yourself some real taste? What do you expect from a guy who eats duck and donuts? I like you, you're right. That is so, that's for a guy, man. Now you just don't like don't get donuts. You like crispy cream better. Don't get donuts. You know, here's a cardboard box they come in. Yeah. That's what you could even get the same taste. Don't get donuts are tasteless. They're tasteless. They're like this show. They're tasteless. Yeah. Crispy cream on the other hand are like so good. It's like orgasmic. That's how good they are. It's just it's beyond sex. Crispy cream. Especially if they're like real fresh, you know? Oh yeah. And if they're not real fresh, you can just put it in a microwave for like about two seconds. You don't want to heat them up. But just two seconds to like soften them a little bit all and then the man of starving. There's nothing in the world. Yeah, you need. You need to go out and eat about a half dozen crispy creams man. You and fat boy in the beast get together and go out and have a a feeding frenzy on crispy cream. It's just exactly what you need. Can you imagine a three of us at a time like you can be buffet? I was coming in my place here a couple of days ago and it's a guy in the elevator with his wife or girlfriend, whatever. And he's got in his hand a box. It doesn't crispy cream donuts. I wanted to kill us on a bitch. I couldn't believe it. You didn't ask him for one? And I don't know where he got him because where I am here. I don't know. I don't know crispy cream or I'm about to find out where it is. Oh, we'll find it for you. No thanks. Yeah, see there you go. Right there. Right there is a snapshot of what you fat fat is all about to me as well. Food for sure. It's not important that you lose weight but that other is croak from being from fat, from gorging. That's the most important thing. It's important that you succeed but that your friends fail. That's life. What do you mean? That's just people like you fat people one other people to be fat too. It's just sheer my misery. So I should tell the delivery guy not to bring me because we're cream soups. If you're in the or even crispy cream donuts, man, I'll tell you. I'm not even stopping everybody and I'm stuck in a ford to bring you flowers. Four minutes till soon we got to mad doggy too. The Humphrey at four you got the Marlon Zondek at seven. Well, that's right. The games in Atlanta at the seventh or the five game. Marlon Zondek at the bravest. That should be like a game again when you think possibly. You want to pray with the bravest or really really suck this here or something pathetic. Any cake and let me ask you how much you bet that any cake is going to go see the movie. What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? You weigh in. Bride your time. You're a good person. I'm so proud. Link to why I see a mirror. Locking team into the sea when taking the sex wears. It's the end come over. If you're a homophobic or a Republican, it's coming to a theater and possibly a family near you. Day after tomorrow. There's a slime. A little staunch of coming at the right now. There's only one. What are we going to do? God, the citizen's diamond Mont log Rome wasn't agrivalisation of there we DEA boss or fraud Come let their ahh machine after nation, state after state the al jacket was fehlt so far but that's just the beginning FUCK THAT SOY The commendable proportion. It's the epic saga of one man's desperate struggle to prevent the whole world from becoming gay or tolerating any one who is a Jewish political star as a biggest blockbuster of the summer. After tomorrow, he dare when it comes out and theaters this summer. From the 560 WQAM, here's a fact from Don and Del Races, and she makes a good point, and I should have made it before too. I think I did a little bit of a little bit of a reason to emphasize that enough. And that is, Michael Moore doesn't just rip bush in this or Republicans. He rips their whole American political process. And I came away from their feeling like, what's the use? What's the use? When you saw all those poor congressmen and women standing up in congress begging, pleading, one senator, peace out of his resolution, so that we don't put his unelected man in his prison. He's a big star in unauthorized prison. One, the tentanity had the balls. John Kerry, Joe Biden, Russ Fyngel, John McCain, and he had the 96 or 95. No, not one. So what is that, Tony, about the Democratic Party? Donas says, thank you for taking the 10th and tell us about Furnit 911. I'm distressed by the fact that all this information is out there about the crimes of this administration. Why is no one doing anything about this, Dona? I want to know, you know what, Dona? I still have question. Why aren't impeachment proceedings going on right now? So forget, if you listen to QM as long as there are ball games being played, as long as our draft party is being held, we don't have to worry about, unimportant crap like this, we don't have to be so newsy. Why aren't the Democrats screaming? It says, where is John Kerry? Where is Howard Dean? Ted Kennedy, Jewelie, Bremanet, etc., a lot of the Democrats got a girl appear. When is the American public on a girl appear? He says, because he's obviously pissed off and fired up. Why do we continue to let this administration get away with this? Who is our voice? Thanks Neil sincerely, Dona, and now she says, go, Mo. I like that. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Go, Mo, you can't say where, but go, Mo. Ready for that? Of course. Okay, how's that pull looking so far? I think we got a shot at a thousand votes today. They're pretty pissed off themselves. What's your take on Michael Moore's movie for 911? 638 vote? Haven't seen it yet, but we'll see it through it at 59. We're not going to make our 1,000, not even club, we got 2 hours. So it was sensation, 107,8. We'll absolutely not watch it. 638, 10.6%. We heard from one of those people yet. No, can we heard from one? No, no. No, and why do you think that is? Just because. I mean, they don't have to call it explained to us whether I can see it. It's a free country, at least to a point, but it would be nice. Well, that's totally not watching 68, 10 and a half percent. So, it was good 18, so it's up to 15, out of 638 vote. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. W2AM, hello. Neil, yes sir. Good job, buddy. Hey, do you have time? I just want to say, I did Jerry duty like three or four years ago, and I just registered for the first time to vote for months ago because they do apply your driver's license for Jerry duty. So that kid's terrible every and more on that. Yeah, I don't do that. I grew up by Jerry duty anymore because that's why a lot of people were not registering to vote with Ryan, he's not that his correct. He's got no excuse. Yeah. And I did one thing on Saturday, I haven't done ever in my life. I went to a movie by myself and I saw that movie Neil. And it was great. And just like you said, the same exact thing, you could hear a pin dropping that to either nobody. I'm talking over anything. No one's on people, but that wasn't there, making fun of blushing at home. It was an awesome movie. And one of my favorite parts. I don't know if there was a lot of them, but I like when those people heard interviewing those two old ladies and old ladies talking about, we had no reason to be over there in the first place. And she just got so fed up. I don't know if they remember she was up like that's the only one I thought about. Yeah, she was the only one who was out there. That was awesome. All right, man, everyone's got to go see this movie. Hey man, thanks. Bye. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless L. I think it's three to five that eight K's going to go see the movie. He's a good social conscience. The Humphors are going to go see it. I've actually moved those in season. I've been to see it already. I didn't hear him this morning. So I'm from my friend, most out over the weekend. I just don't say guilty will. Oh, thanks. I mean, you've got to continue talking sports when they're flying planes in the world trades and their towers and the Pentagon. I don't think he has much of a social conscience. Maybe he'll go with my can. Yeah. Or Jack Martin. Yeah, what are those guests? WQM, hello. Hey, you know, I'm doing pretty good. I went and saw it on Saturday. I loved it. The movie theater was packed. And I have personally offered the pay for about 10 or 12 against the go see it. And I don't want to think me up on the offer. Really? But after my way, I figured we can give them in there. And I went and saw this weekend. Just so that the numbers would be so high. It would scare the crap out of the Republicans. So I can't say crap anymore, can I? Yeah, you can say real quick. Real quick, I'm sorry about that. Yeah. Who'd have told this? All right. Well, have a great deal. It's great to hear. OK. Have a great day life. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. I have no right. 5, 6, the only 18 and 10 for Rimes and Wireless Line. What is it that those people are afraid of? And again, you know, you got free choices. At least so far. And I'm not necessarily the library books you buy or what you hear on a radio or what you're going to watch on TV. Once these pastures get through with it, pretty frustrating. Well, I could understand people who wouldn't go see it. All I don't think it's described we got voting on our poll. I think I know who they are. I can see people who are going to go see because they don't want to be depressed. They already know all about it. And they did, they've given up. They realized they're democratic party sucks. The Republican party is ultra dangerous and ultra-finatic. And we ain't kind of the else. And that's it. I feel regardless with side drawing. You got to see this movie anyway. I like to Godfather. We don't have any buffers out there. They had a lot of buffers. We don't have any buffers. We have no bit. And anybody that would tell me Ralph later, please. Cracker, please. Get serious. Just a poppistol, you get testicle S on a perpetual power trip. He go trip. That's all he's all about. He brings nothing to the table. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5. And even more, at least he brings that bad hairpiece to the table. It brings something every day. I'm listening. WM, hello. We don't know how to hear you. Yes, you're speaking pretty good. All right. Well, they all I haven't seen the movie yet. And I'm going to see this, you know, at the risk of sounding. I guess, stupid or anything. It's one to ask, you know, I guess it's coming from the right more. But I heard that they're saying that a lot of the stuff that he said has kind of been like word manipulation is true to that. That's what he's like. This is what? Well, like, when I hear a real take, like, snippets are bits of what some of the people are saying and kind of manipulate them to make it sound like something that it's not. Now, I can't give any quotes. You know, I don't want to say I'm totally informed. But I'm just listening and I'm, I'm, I'm just saying, I just want to, you know, I can't, I can't, I know you're up on a lot of these things. Is there any truth to the fact that at all? I'm still going to see the movie I want to see. Well, I wouldn't agree with that today. And I'm not objective. I already went with my own personal agenda and reinforced it tremendously. And you have to go see it for yourself. I can't make that determination as to what you're, how you're going to interpret it. Sure, I snippet. So he's got, look, he's obviously got a viewpoint and he takes the various snippets. And he puts them together in a way to make his case. That's what the movie's all about. OK. I don't see anything dishonest about it. I mean, he can't, I, that he, man, you're, that's all right there. It's all the truth. For more I'm sitting. Yeah, he's pretty much a machinian. I like to see his work. I'm, a couple things. I have a seat for myself. But I'm, Neil, you're the best. And thank you very much, sir. And he didn't want you to do it. Oh, sorry. Let's not hear like it. You got it, Neil. Thank you. See you. My six, seven, oh, five, 60. In fact, I love that that actually comes to the surprise because basically Michael Moranay, like, you know, we see I die. Pretty much anything that I read in his books or I watch in his movies. I'm sitting there high five in the TV or the book or whatever, high five of myself. I asked. But that's that's not what's important because I'm already going to go out there and invite my tongue until it bleeds in both for carry or 15, 20, maybe. About 30 minutes. 30 times as many as I can get through those that ring old parts. They have sitting at the elections joint. I'll just put on your, here's the deal. Put on the gradual glasses. You know what the mustache is to hold you. Yep. And the big shnard. And then like take the mustache off and else you're a moth. Even if he just had the gradual glasses in the shnard, if you go in once with the mustache on, and then take the nose off and just had the glasses in the mustache. So there's three votes right there. It's saying that it'll work. No problem. Because you know the kind of dot ring old fools they have at those voting precinct. Oh my God. The high price security. Death plus 50. Oh. And you people and Palm Beach County, okay, you're not allowed to write in Tapiocana now, right? I know that's a great disappointment. He's not running this time. So please don't waste your time. We have those people, those old Jews in Palm Beach County, we can blame you. If we wanted to, although, quite frankly, you're small for tennis, but we can play all those votes for a Papukin. Anybody wants you to do any homework out there and anybody in your audience, we don't have time to do it. They could go online, do a little search and fight out the number of votes that Papukin got in Palm Beach County in the 2000 presidential election. And you know that even if you say 80% of them were on the stake, both of us, even 50% wouldn't it be a first thing to see how many they were? I don't recall. Because if the number comes out to more than 527, which I think is that number they claimed that Bush won Florida by, if it comes out more than that, it's a real problem. That means we can go to cemetery village, we can say, you and people, you're the one. They gave us all this story today and they can just continue week in the national opportunity as if they aren't already embarrassed enough and ought to be. When you be pretty embarrassed, if you look like in the Delray in cemetery village, yes, and deservedly so. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line WQAM hello. Hi, New. Yes sir. Oh, hey. I surprised you. Isn't that an eye? I hope you're so talking about Michael Morris. Yes, I am. Okay, a couple of things. One, my two daughters ages 25 and 19 live in Baltimore. They went to see the movie Friday night, near the stage, standing ovation and she was in the park. The interesting thing was outside the movie theater where tables set up for voter registration. Oh, right. Excellent. I thought that was just incredible. The other thing is instead of vilifying Mr. Moore, we should be promoting his name for the Nobel Peace Prize. Right. I think he has done more to bring peace in the world than all the bombs in this if we could ever possibly make. Amen, Wilson. Okay. That's also like that. Thank you. Thank you. There you go. Michael Moore for Emperor. I say okay, the benevolent emperor. Things would be a whole lot better. You know, he went in the peace on 60 minutes last night. He made a comment. I know most Americans would be very angry because Americans loved their guns. They loved Chuck Heshton. They loved any peace they didn't get their hands on him. They're going to. But he said Americans are, they have a mental illness when it comes to guns. They're just in general. They're free to be each other. They just trust each other. They're paranoid. They're, and so they all fear that they have to have weapons. And then of course they get angry. First resource. You can be for the peace and blow somebody away. How do you feel better? God, I've got it. Yeah, I've got to have your peace. Robert has passed no to five 60 QAM. Amen. Amen. Amen. This is for Shwedeel. Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm Mark Morgan. Now here's Neil Rodgers on 560 QAM. Amen. Always be the base. Almost the night night. A virgin's high room. The world is a little bit too far From all in me to you Oh, I'm far away But tomorrow I can't go But you can't find a way Around the world And everything you know I'm from the garden bay And it's the perfect order And I've been made a fan to play Right home No, no, no, no, no, no And I'm the girl And we want to make you want Come back to the beach Michael top And so spend the money And we'll go And we'll go That makes it a perfect order To get to know him I was going to say Actually can victim And he wants to go into the big house Who's going to last longer in the slamer Michael Jackson or father What was his name? Gagan Father John Gagan No, you remember father Gagan Father Gagan Once he knew more He won't be left Unless the nobody else knows more Probably 10 at 560 You're going to love this story But wait a minute 3,477 votes for be cannon And probably it's coming Ah 3,477 Oh my god Oh my god Oh Oh my god Wow Now we know why this movie The show that five theaters and prombeats Kine Try to straighten you back You're out, okay Are you old years up there at 7 3 Oh my god If you let it take some extra prunes on the first No member of get all of that swirl out of your system Plends your brains, cleanse your mind Back home, back to Can you believe that? That's a lot of votes Say it again I got to write it down 3,477 Okay, let's speed generous Okay Let's say that half of those people Really intended to vote for Papy Kine Let's say that two thirds of those people Okay So we'll leave no room for argument Let's say Let's say 60% because others who already do the math 42,24 Okay 2,044 That leaves 1400 votes The overwhelming majority of which they're all going to go For you know something that wouldn't make any of these Still found away So we would not let's take a little bit of the eye Plus the butterfly ball that I remember being on the year On election day 2000 a woman calls me Frantically from somewhere in Palm Beach County She said, Neal I want white to vote for go I think I voted for Papy Kine She was hysterical Fred She was almost in tears And she was the first one to actually bring that butterfly Ballet thing out of the closet And the worst part of the whole deal is Teresa LePore is still there I believe in Palm Beach County She's still doing it And Catherine here, she's still doing it Now as a matter of fact, she's a politician Oh, less You know she got a good shot there too She was head of a bush election campaign in 2000 Florida she just happened to be And it's hard to vote in it, so Wow A federal judge offered his profound regretters They for saying President Bush's rise to power We're still doing that of Mussolini and Hitler Absolutely correct Judge Gweedow, Celebracy What a great name that is Gweedow, Celebracy 71 of the second US Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan Do an audible gas From lawyers in 107 days conviction Of the American Constitution Society in Washington Audible gas Oh my God Which could have the speech in Monday's editions New York sun My remarks were exemplary and heist and in hindsight Recently could be an indeed had been understood Something which had been not in 10 That is take a partisan position, Celebracy Rotten A letter of apology To Chief Judge John Walker, Calibration Former Dean of Yale Law School Was quoted as saying US Supreme Court put somebody in power When a ruling had made December 2007 Settled the dispute over whether Bush had defeated Al Gore In a way that occurred before but is rare in the US Somebody came to power as a result of the illegitimate acts of A legitimate institution had the right to put somebody in power Calibration said The reason I emphasize that is because that's exactly what happened When Mussolini was put in by the king of Italy The king of Italy had the right to put Mussolini in the way Not one election and making Prime Minister Judge continued That is what happened when Hindenburg put Hitler in Calibration to all the lawyers I'm not suggesting for a moment that Bush is Hitler I want to be clear on that But if this is situation was extremely unusual Calibration went on to say that the public should Extend Bush from office to cleanse the democratic system That's got nothing to do with the politics of it He said it's got to do with the structural reassertion of democracy Calibration was called as saying So he can interpret that in other words Nobody ever elected him in the first place So in order to get us back to luck and even kill us get him out They just want more good reason right So legitimize the election system in America again And one more area that Michael more really backed up on the Democrats And I remember kept showing a give heart and Tom Dashle sitting there doing nothing There were a lot of people doing nothing Yeah, absolutely nothing He said he keeps saying in a movie well of course They're Democrats with a vigorous response and they're sitting there with their, you know, looks locked Doing nothing And then of course he also shows a one by one endorsing the resolution to go to war I mean John Kerry's going to get my vote, but not enthusiastic I'll tell you that this is the problem American political system And that is that every four years we have two almost always two long kids to vote to choose between That's why Clinton was such a breath of fresh air even though he was a flanger who gives a crap Who cares about his banana business all right? Who cares? What's it to you? But compared to the rest of the crap we usually get to choose from I mean George Herbert Walker Bush and Michael DuCoccus What the hell is that? I kind of cock eyes that Richard Nixon and George McGovern My god, what are we talking about? That's what it says. Oh look at this Mike says the day you see Shawshank redemption is the day I see Fahrenheit 911 You constantly tell people what to do Am I telling people that they have to go see it? No. I'm suggesting I'm urging I'm recommending I'm not telling you what to do And then I just say before if you don't want to go see it you don't have to go see it You don't people a favor tell you about it. Mike you're a jackass man. You constantly tell people what to do But you don't take time to see something we ask you to watch and the kicker waste for you as you've had the video in your house for free Oh this isn't from Mike this is from Malbus and then we used to work on a station What tells his name Jason Remember if I Jason? No, I don't. Yeah, he probably preceded both of you guys. So as you're just like Rush but the opposite I know he's an added for you've been arrested So as my well, that's great. Okay, you ought to be arrested. Okay for being a jackass. Schmuck. What a need that's that's Jason. What is Shawshank redemption? What is Shawshank redemption? Have to do with the Fahrenheit 911. They're both movies. Oh that's that's a good point. Here's the data on voters by county and Florida. Palm Beach, okay somebody just facts this in. Palm Beach County. Or it hell of a name's that he a candidate. Oh there on the first page only. So I have to like stick this all the if the stick it. It was stick it in this place. Palm Bay that was some rubber group or their last facts. I'm sure of it. Palm Beach you're right. You can't have got 30% in some votes. Is that isn't pathetic or what? Let's see. Even if you got 70% legit. Okay. 28. 24. That leaves almost a thousand. That would do it. Another thousand votes for growth actually counted them. It wouldn't have counted them. No you're right. They would have found some other way they're like, oh and they never we got to the 527 because I think actually what they were doing is these screens. They were keeping tabs of the account. And they've got a little bit too close. You're recall that Saturday. When they said that the Florida Supreme Court said start voting again. Yeah. Start counting in. They should have said start voting again. Start counting again. And they started the count again. A low and behold it started getting closer because it was like almost 800 or 1 point. And then it was 700 and it was like 650. And it was 600 and then it was like a little over 500. Okay. Stop. That's it. Hold on. It's all over. Finito. Territors got a bag at a good crack. Territ Thomas. That's all it took. This one is bad. In fact, that probably most exactly where they bought it. Right there, by the Jamaican Barbyshop on the quarter. They're right in your chucks. Oh yeah. On these six past noon. Anybody out there that don't care about the will be once again. Some good drugs. Jack will be the information during this week. Call during the break. Because that's one of the good things. George B. And George knows where to get. But he does not to share. He won't tell anybody. But I'm exactly course easy in house. Maven. Yeah. You know, nobody wants to talk about cancer, heart disease. And yet we owe it to ourselves and our family to be sure that we're in good health. It's a proven fact that the ZV Sponsor is extremely well treatment if you take it early. Hollywood Diagnostic Center is proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy. Coordinary Heartscore and full body screening exams that can be kept cancer in other life-threatened disease in their early stages. You don't even need the doctors refer all to do it. And if you've got a history of like heart disease or lung disease or other things in your family, then no matter how old or young you may be, it's still could be a life-saving the deal when you go there. For all your imaging exams, call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9-5-4-9663600 for the test that can give you and your family peace of mind. And Hollywood Diagnostic Center, the obvious day of the imaging you've come with open MRI, high speed catch, scan, nuclear medicine and much more. Hollywood Diagnostic Center has been serving some photo for 20 years. If the facility also provides you a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you. Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center, it could be like I always tell you, but at the most important cause you could ever make. 9-5-4-9663600 for your imaging exam today. 9-5-4-9663600. 9-5-9663600. And the banana republic baby, only in Miami. 6-5-66600. He goes to the restaurant and then he's fucked, outing up the water and then he has to. He goes to the restaurant and then he's fucked. He goes to the restaurant and then he's fucked. He goes to the restaurant and then he's fucked. I know from God it's a full and rotten. He goes to the restaurant and then he's fucked. He's not scared and it's puppet and he's a lucky guy. He goes to the restaurant and then he's fucked. He goes to the restaurant and then he's fucked. He goes to the restaurant and then he's fucked. 2-3-5-6-6. I had a bit pretty much the results. And this is the result of the results. He's fucked. He's fucked. I know the rug is where the story is going. He's gonna rush the restaurant and then he's fucked. He's gonna rush the restaurant and then he's fucked. He goes to the restaurant and then he's fucked. He goes to the restaurant and then he's fucked. I'm 31 and of course I'm sure that rush is the original. In fact all the right wing has been found people to play cock the movie. Don't go see it whatever you do. What the fuck? Don't go see it. God forbid. Lord, anger him and quarter. This fudge. Don't go see that piece of crap. If you have a lot of trash, I ain't going to do much. Definitely not watch Fahrenheit 9.11. No, you see it, parallel. Oh yeah. Some 154 votes. We've got to shout out our thousand today. Oh! What's your take on Michael Moore's movie for an Fahrenheit 9.11? What's your take? Haven't seen it yet but we'll see it for an Fahrenheit 9.11. That's 57.1 percent. I'll get one. Give busy. Saw it. It was sensational 211. I will absolutely not watch it. 80. 10.6 percent. We're not going to watch it. Well, there. Like that. I really touched me. They're quick. You know what to think of those people aren't going to go see it? Isn't that bother you? Oh yeah. A little bit. Screw them. Saw it. It was good 22. Saw it. It sucked 20. Which I don't really believe that. But I will take this all the face value. Oh, now it's 22. It sucked. So let's see if the 240.8 people in this crowd so far who's seen it out of 762. 248. 220. This people said it was even sensational or good. And 22 people said. That's a raise. Great. By the way, don't panic. Well, we are going to know that because you're in there in a show once and only in a great while and how that we have these new rules. How that we have the new fascism. And we can't say, we can't do that. Well, you got to watch yourself. You're right. For that. We hate Josh and I both would hate for you to have to be the one responsible. I appreciate that for me. Because you are, you have a lot more than a problem. Let me ask you this question. Sure. Because now that I'm mole and I have made up, it wouldn't seem to me that maybe you'll be nice. It's possible. I mean, it's stuck up to the beast pretty heavy duty lately. I have five seen. Why? I've seen. I've heard. No, but what? So what's your relationship? I mean, you're in there in a clock. We're okay. We're just not the wrong. He does this thing I do mine. He, uh, that's really about it. That's the whole conversation. Well, I mean, is there a little bit of verbal intercourse that goes on in? They've been acquiring lines one and all. They want to know what the delay of the land is. Are you guys speaking? Yes. I was asking how my other job isn't how life is going. Yeah. And I always tell them that everything is fine and blah, blah, blah. Nothing real big between us. So there was he still hate each other. Of course. The ins of dollars belonging to a rack are not accounted for by the coalition for the original authority, which was given responsibility by the UN for the country's finances British lawmakers, A.A. activists, and act the A.A. activists said today. Let me try that again. British lawmakers in A.A. activists said Monday. There are glaring gaps in the handling of 20 billion dollars generated by a racks or another sources since the US-led war to us and on who's saying ended life here, according to reports from the Liberal Democrats, Britain's third largest political party in Christian aid. The Christian aid report also said the majority of a racks we construction projects have been awarded to US companies, which charged up to 10 times more than Iraqi companies. There was no immediate reaction from coalition officials to the reports. I just mentioned that in passing. And what's 20 billion among friends anyway, right? Yeah, why not? Who cares? So, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, that's our poll question today. Sharshank Redemption, Schindler's List, or Fair Night 9, 11. Which one is mandatory to see? Guess another one, if the Georgia's always told, or if the Washington's always told, or if the Washington's always told, I will not watch Schindler's list. And then do you see that? I have not seen it either. Dr. Ish, I've seen bits and pieces of it, yes. But what do you mean by that bits and pieces? How do you see bits and pieces of a movie like that? And TV, you mean? No, I just caught different parts of it at different times. He cares, it's still true, you know, for a long movie. No, no. Different parts of it at different times. And I said on TV, and you said no. On video. Some of the, was you got this video playing? No, I don't have the video. Well, who's playing it? I've seen it at my dad's house. He said it going a couple times. And I've watched bits and pieces of it. Yeah. Well, the little piece of it. He just keeps it going. He just keeps it going all the time. Just in case, I hope that maybe you'll see it up. It's in pieces. You can put all the pieces together like a J-style puzzle. Yeah. I see. Oh, I see me in the corner place. She must have read it. I'm not interested in that. I'm not watching any jume movies. I'm not interested in any prison movies, charge-shank redemption. And how do you like that? All right. That's a garbage. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, only AT and T and Verizon, where the sling? Q, A, and hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good. I just agreed to make a more film. You wouldn't believe all the losers standing in line over the gateway right now. It's sad. More, but it's not me. It's sad that all you guys think that Michael Moore has the answers. And he doesn't have any answers. That's the whole thing. Have you seen a movie? I know I haven't because I have a movie. How do you know what Michael Moore says? But the same way, Neil, that you know that if you saw a movie, I'll give you a perfect example. You hate Wolf Smith. You're not going to see any. If Wolf Smith was in a Michael Moore movie, you wouldn't go see it. Will Smith doesn't make documentary films, right? I know that make come as a hobby. Wolf Smith doesn't make socially relevant films that you might learn something from. That might interest anybody with a brain. Well, it makes a tough films. Neil, I'm not trying to art with you as a convert. You know? So what does Michael know? I don't have to do with Wolf Smith. I don't like Michael Moore. I wouldn't see one of his films. Yeah, what do you think? You don't have to go see it. So why does that make the people who went to see it? Losers. Because you guys think that's the death. What you've turned on our country. But the thing is that you have no children. So you don't worry about encroaching terrorism and things like that. If you had a child, the world is not a child. Here's another guy that's scared. That's exactly what I'm going to say. Exactly what the movie said. So I'm worried about it. What you want to do is that Bush is going to send your children off to be killed as human sacrifice again for some oil company for you in the care. Or somebody like that. That's why you ought to be worried about schmuck. I mean, when he starts giving me, I have no children. Well, I'm not going to have to worry about my kids getting sent off to be bushard. Okay? Maybe you ought to be worried about that. Or by your next or neighbor, your brother, your sister's kids being sent off to be bushard. As human sacrifices for a world for oil. You're one of those people who needs to go see it. And like I said, I don't try to tell people what to do, but I would be my suggestion. You might actually learn something. You can go anywhere in the world. You can go anywhere in the world. You can go there just read online. Read the newspapers. Read the editorials and the articles from around the world. And discover what George W. Bush has done to this company and the image of this company and the way people hate Americans like plays in now. Because of what he's done. But he's worried about his children. And whether they're safe from terrorism. And will Smith documenters. Here he's got one coming out pretty soon. Smith or fact. I wonder who will Smith is going to vote for you? He's going for George Bush. I doubt it. I could be wrong. He might go one of the 40 dark folks in Bush for George W. He's got his cash. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. At least he ain't no barber stress and thank God. Blanc so tired of that pitch. Man, oh man, why'd you just go back to what's your name? James, what's your husband's name? James, What ever the hell is name? I'm just going back and try to find it somewhere. Get lost. God of our face. Now see there's somebody I grew with politically but she may speak to my stomach. I can't stand her. She may speak to me nauseous. She ought to be doing the 50 coolers job during Channel 10. Same eyes. WQM. Hello. Pretty good. I like kind of loving. Yeah, you're going to 7, 11. Okay. Reverend John, that like 9, 11, 11. See you in the past. Okay. Bruce Ranger said you've got about 40 pounds of horse money where you'd be delighted to Schmira on you. No, I've got George. Loser. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5. We got to the point now when you hear like one word you know who it is. Then you know you've really, you know you've got to pound pad. You've got to double with science. Twenty-two one a QM. We got the mad dog coming to tune. Are you thinking the mad dogs are going to see this movie? Yes. Do you do? I think you will. No. Okay. Well, if you're signing it there. And if he does go to see it, he'll never admit it on the year. Oh, never. Because the metro jacks, you know, they got to put on his right wing. We love President Bush. And I mean, time he don't need money to bob Graham both personally and from his business. Which you can find that right online. I'm not telling any tales that are public information. Public records? Right. So he's going to need money to bob Graham then how come he's on the year suck out the President Board because it's the macho thing. It's the right wing thing. We all got to be a Bushlovers, you know. I think there's some symbolism involved there. From what I hear. Twenty-two one in five sixty WQM and the heat of the summer here right now. It's a great time to get out of the old jelaphe you've been driving. And here's yourself into a great news. Sphithi Toyota from Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. On US once, 20 minutes out of the year. 36th are worth a grab to save thousands on new Toyota's. With rising gas prices, maybe you want to car with more fuel economy. The legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 11990 or lease it for just 209 a month. Need a great Toyota for that college or high school graduate? How about the Toyota Echo lease price is just 1 99 even Zach would afford that. Maybe. Need a truck to lease it to a 10-per-vegared can be yours for just 209 a month. And if you're looking for the hottest new cars around check out the Corolla XRS. And so there are comfortable now in stock at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. The service department is open late to late. We've nice to make sure they get all your service work is done. And they'll do just about anything that the sun will make you a happy camper. Wait ten year this. Armstrong Toyota of Homestead was the first even a raw for your free tires and batteries for life. And now they're the absolutely positively first raw for your free replacement parts for life. That's correct. A lot of package. Tires batteries and free parts for life. How can you beat that? So instead of stopping those negative, they're giving the big scream and a big yellow allows loud car spots on the air and then let's it down. Go get yourself a really honest and good at this unbeatable deal at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. See the GM David Richfield cuts your fantastic deal. Travel a little and save a lot on that new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. I don't know what this is like. It's like you're so yours. I don't have you in. I don't. I turn a general John Ashcroft. See. That's the beautiful song. I do never serve before. From Rocky and Bowenwood to Gary Moore. I run here and I'll find you in the store. I see four words that drive the store. I think I can shop and get my people's stores. I was out of 40 people's homes. And I need to read more. I've heard that horses are free. I've thrown a bit of traffic by your good tune that I spot. It seems that my search for an alive living source. Life like it has no mouth. There's a chance in the pool to have some. And that's why I turn a whole bunch of people to be here. And I pour hot water down my head. But I think it's a good one to dance. So I can see four words that drive the store. I think it's a free. This is absolutely. I do never serve before. Oh, you can see. General John Ashcrofts. And they were all blurt now. The lady audience saw that. They were chuckle and then Burton and Pupon. They see that the piece of crap. Call 47 at 5.60 WCF. It says, what the Friday night show with the sawgrass regal cinema pack house. The atmosphere was electric. The opening victory scenes were filmed on the Miami Beach and 90th of the election. It turned my stomach to watch growth standing at the podium, shining the Congress people. The black screen during the World Trade Center plane crash sequence and the Jetta public be hitting worse stirring. Viva Moore says this fact. Well said, throw itself. Miami says, I love the movie. It was great. The part that made the biggest impact was on how the Democrats just been over and had the Republicans, the two of K.Y. Jelly. Back home, especially Tom Dachel, that week, week piece of worthless garbage. Ever seen Dachel and Jelly in the same room? No. Same person I believe. He says, the Democrats are so weak. It makes me sick. Bring back Dean before it's too late. Says Joe in South Miami. Well, I say that just a couple of weeks ago. Time to bring back Howard Dean before it's too late. And. Speaking of that. Howard Dean sounded like he had been educated on Sunday when he noted that most Americans now agreed that the US should not have been been made a direct. It was a position that few of this campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination. And earned Dean much criticism in the process. After being castigated by both Democrats and Republicans for while not the majority of Americans agree with me, this was a mistake. The one time Democratic firm under set on CNN's late edition with World Floods Cree. More than half or 52 percent of Americans now say the war was not worth fighting for. And according to maybe seen news work in closed pool taken 2017 to try the numbers up from 50 percent in May, Dean said most people also agree with that the war has not made America safer. If anything, the war would have been much more dangerous place. So that kind of so worried about his kids. You ought to be thinking about that. And all the losers watching. Are you losers lined up there at the gay way, sit him on four lauderdale man, because you don't agree with that guy. You're all about your losers. See, I always love the logic of the right wing. And so is the same crap, but just a bunch of names. Losers, bush fashions, well, whatever. But he hasn't seen it. Stop. Now he probably is going to go out to see that new will Smith movie. The robot movie. Tamara Schwartz, a cruel geobals consultant, stay home mother, is driving homer political preference. He started to codigend his reading what he calls, no W antenna balls. Those are current tenetoppers that sport in a large blue W short hand for prison and bush with a diagonal slimesh across the W and an old for on the other side. Schwartz is selling the political chafties from a website, nowballs.com. A bet you don't wish a lady loves that. That's a favorite website. No balls, right? Nowballs.com. Since he's frustrated with the Bush administration's social agenda, especially a push-right constitutional event to ban game marriage. It's none of anybody's business and it just seems out of wages when the country has got so many other things going on, G.C. said Schwartz came up with the idea after trip to Disney World. The kids went crazy for the incentives with Mickey Mouse, and I thought wouldn't that be a great place to put a political message you said? It doesn't have that sticky mess of a bumper sticker. Come November you take it off, no big deal. Her website notes that the star-for-phone balls with self-or $2.80 can also be used to decorate pens or for a liberal town's nose. The product is proving popular Schwartz had a San Francisco talk radio station at around for half an hour, and the star-kins were given away free balls to first-time callers. Maybe that's what we ought to be doing. Maybe Greg will call in, we give him some free balls. WWEWDAD.nowballs.com. There you go, come off. Keep up the good work sweetheart for whatever your name is. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Evidently a lot of losers are lined up at the gateways cinema on sunrise at Federal and the Fort Lauderdale. That's the newsflange. I'll do a QA in hello. Yeah, I'd like to hear a couple of new about the fair thinking about it. You're talking to them. Yeah, I got a new name for Bush Fistine at a cinema movie. How about Bush Lawden? Okay. Well, if we have banned our Bush Wriganian, Bush Lawden. I think that'll be a good hit since he's been in with those guys for what the last 30 years. Okay, thank you. Bush Lawden and Vanguard Bush joined us here. Let me say it again. Bad business deal gone bad. That's why we got 3000 Americans who got unsentepture 11. That's why we got almost 900 Americans who died in Iraq. In a war based on lies. They had nothing to do with fighting terrorism, but created the hotbed there for terrorism. They've been existed before we went in. But after a two days early week, true most keys and said, here we go. It's not through a brand new Corvette, but these keys are the keys to the kingdom. If you can find a door. Paul Bremer waited a couple of hours to get all his stuff together and high-tailed it out of their real fast. Through the first one gone. He was gone faster than all those Saudis that left here on September 12, 2001. And I disagree with you. We would return to talk about that crap that, well, they had to write you it out because you know something too bad. Let's say it again 15 to the 19 high-jackers were Saudis. All of these beheadings that are going on are being committed by Saudi Nationals. All of this crap that's going on has to do with the Saudis and their freaking oil. And their corrupt dictatorship they have over there. If we're so concerned about having democracy in Iraq, why don't we have democracy in Saudi Arabia first? That sounds like a letter to me. You should live so long. That would be too easy. All those poor sluppers over there living like, and all of them coming there to kiss the ring of the chic. This one and that one, what a bunch of bullcraft this is. And then of course I love the fact that the movie exposes, where some of these people came from, I commented, Karzai that we stuck over there in Afghanistan. He came from the boarded records of Unicae. All right. This like, Condoleezza from the boarded director of Chevrolet. And then you think it's just a coincidence that Saudi oil people. And just like the other guy who was a wall would bush during the Vietnam, whose name was blacked out for Michael Moore had the, he had the right name, because he had the original copy that didn't have the name blacked out. Come to find out. This is another one of those guys who works for the Saudis. With a Karla Algroup, he's the ego between. He's the temp. They're making money though. Also reminded the public, since most people don't read and don't pay me attention or most of you to go on, James Baker the terror, good ol' Jim Baker. He's the attorney hired by the Saudis now to defend him against all those lawsuits by the victims of a low, not by the families of the victims of the 9-11. Jim Baker, that's in there. So all in there, most of it is stuff that we've talked about, most of it's stuff that's been widely available to you on the internet, and most of it is also stuff that 99% of America is oblivious to, because most people don't read and most people have been paying attention. Tell me a QA and hello. Hello? Yes sir. Yes. I'm just calling for a Neil Rogers. You're talking to him? Oh, really? Yes. Cool. Do you ever think that guy earlier on the Saudis was looking to get registered? Right. Right. I'm a steward for CWA Communication Workers of America, and one of the things we do is register people. I can go to wherever he is and get him signed up. How do you do that? I drive there. Really? Really? Really? Every year. Right. And I've got registration forms from the State of Florida, or we need it as a photocopy of his driver's license. You've got your driver's license, Josh. Hasn't it suspended, has it? How about if this guy comes up there this week, right to the station? Sure. Sure. If you can only see Josh's expression. Well, why, why? When I wire you resisting, this is real life. This isn't bologna. This isn't some kind of a state's event here. Hold on, pal. Okay. Hold on. I put that kind of hold. He's online for it. And right now, you've talked to him and you've given the information. And what time you want him there tomorrow or when's there when everything be there? And we'll do it right on the ear. How's that? They're chatting. They're chatting. Maybe they're not getting it. I don't know what they're doing. I don't care about them to be chatting. This one is your up there. Oh, he's going to come and do it. We're going to get Josh. How do you like that? We'll do it right on the ear. There's one. Okay. I got another friend of mine down there and voted. I don't know if he ever voted. He's voting this year. Okay. Got him registered. In fact, now that I think of it, I got another good friend there who I know is not registered, but I'm going to get his ass registered by the end of this month. Or by the end of next month. Whatever the deadline is. What is the deadline for register? We're going to find that out with our guys. Jesus, to think that I'm sitting on here and doing this show. I don't even know when the deadline for register. He's somebody better let us know and Florida. Hope it in pass. No, it has not passed. That much I know. Okay. In fact, they've got us on a phone with him right now. He can tell you. Is he still on there? Yeah, we're going to find out. Tell him to find out. Because all I know, I mean, we're talking 527 most was the difference and I'm going to tell you right now. We've got for 16,000 black people in Dool County. They're 16,000 per carry right now and they don't even know who the hell he is. The good thing they know is he's not worth it. You're a 425C, you are a 2AM. Stop on to 2LR! Hi, Jay. I'm the next episode of The Shield. Dool County Gail's Dean stars as Nick Mackie. I've got the most I know. You're a 3D. A 3D. I'm going to find your family, Lovi. And you know, when you go to the places where you can't be molts. I don't stick to the nature of you doing the dining room. Yeah, that's right. And I want to keep them the right. See? Okay. I don't want nobody to know what we're going on there. Give me my career. Don't stay crazy. Stay with me. Good. Daddy. Hey, everybody. Have been molts with the molts in full molts. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Wanna one, a 560WQ and man, they'll come along and two. We got the Humphorid Four. Marlon's on deck 7 o'clock, 735. Marlon's on the Braves in Atlanta. And then 80K off to the game. Any K on guarantee, 8 to 5 now. I just checked the odds. And 8 to 5 is going to go see the movie. Probably saw this weekend, though. Keep going up. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It was 3 to 5. You're right. 8 to 5 now. Remember, we got a sportsman in Arizona. Is that another gambling degenerate? What? Ha ha ha ha. That's why he's got to work two jobs now. 3 out. Because he's, see, I thought back in the days we had Donnie B. And the two guys and all those guys. I thought those days were gone. Like all that hanks and any K's, a little gambling underlings. All those G.A. kids. But I guess you and who else is in there doing the same crowd? Probably Dave Hagan. Yeah, pretty much. A couple of good Jewish boys there. They're losing all of their cash because you're involved in a gambling station. Suspicious deaths. So how do we make out with that guy, Josh? He'll be coming tomorrow. You're going to show? No. I told him, right. He said about 2.30. He's going to be coming over right now. And I'm time for you to skip on out. What do you mean you want to come over? Well, let's run with that. Well, I'm doing a show. In other words, you couldn't register your vote. And do the, would the tremendous responsibility as you have it. They're playing the spot and singing a casual boarding something out. Which I even give you like, you know, a 10 minutes quiet time there. Zack and I could handle it for Tim. But that's okay. So he's coming 2.30 tomorrow. That's correct. And you will be there. In fact, Zack, you're assigned to hang around a little bit. But if I will make sure some food gets grudded about 1.42. I'll be here. And Zack is assigned a whole year hand very loosely. And just supervised, make sure we get this done. Okay? Okay. And then Wednesday will have a full report. And this is one of the time, maybe. All right. So, suspicious desk and custody allegations of torture claims of a military out of control. These are some of the key issues that will face John Negropont, they've issued them on CNN here. That makes me want to puked the newly appointed US ambassador to Iraq. Suspicious desk and custody allegations of torture claims of military out of control. Those were some of the key issues that faced John Negropont in 20 years ago when he was US ambassador to Honduras. So it was examining how he reacted when then when he faced with evidence of extradibisial killings, torture and human rights abuses. Central America nearly 80s was for a few years. The center of the world in much the way that Middle East is now. There have been a revolution in the Iraq. One which had dictated have been removed by the San Danesis. It was then embarked on a political path that was an athlete of the US. Come a least, come a least. The country became a magnet for the international left who saw hopeful signs for the Indian Revolution. El Salvador and Guatemala were in turmoil as left winged Urella's battle with a military in the efforts to overturn years of military oppression and corruption. In those days the enemy as far as the US was concerned was international communism rather than al-Qaeda, but the rhetoric of good versus evil took a similar pattern to todays. In the into this world in 1981, came diplomat John Negropont is invested to Honduras. At the time the US was covertly backing the contours, the counterrevolutionaries who opposed the San Danesis, Honduras was a vital base for them. In air base was built in El Al-Aqat, where they could be trained in which was used to corner Honduran human rights activists as an attention center where tortured per place. He kind of sounds like Abu Ghara was also used as a burial ground for 185-visitances who remains rolling discovered in 2001. Negropont is predecessor Jack Bins was appointed by Jimmy Carter. He had made publicist concerns about human rights abuses by the Honduran military. Bins is sensitive from nobody handed over to Negropont and he gave him a full briefing on the abuses. Negropont is always denied having knowledge of such violations. A former Honduran congressman, Efrain Dia, is told about a more son, which re-examined the behavior of the US in 1995 of Negropont and other US officials, the attitude was one of tolerance in silence. They needed Honduras to loan its territory, more than he was concerned about innocent people being killed. For their cooperation with the US in Slangwani Battle, we move to San Danesis, who should be remembered one of the election in 1984. The Honduran government was rarely rewarded. Negropont was a re-aiding increase from 4 million to 77 million years, and Negropont reported the US Congress that the military were engaged in human rights abuses such as it would have been threatened. No report of such abuses was allowed to interfere with the US destabilization of Nicaragua. Negropont was one of a group of officials involved in Central America at that time who have since to the astonishment of the international diplomatic community been re-evalitated by President George W. Bush. His behavior in Honduras would have come under scrutiny when he was appointed as US ambassador to the UN in 2001, but his apartment here in Cayman, you mean that aftermath of 911 there was little appetite for such an inquiry, and when it was in his air to have such a key post-filled speedily. Exquisitely dangerous is how Laryd Burns of the Council on his Fairfax Affairs described Negropont in this week and a conversation with Washington, he called Negropont his role in Honduras, purely from mid-ear, to the Bush administration's present goal in Iraq. Reed Brody of human rights watch had this to say when Negropont was appointed ambassador to the UN. When Negropont was ambassador Honduras he looked the other way when serious atrocities were committed, one would have to wonder what kind of message the Bush administration is sending about human rights. And now he's our ambassador to Iraq! All right! Now that we got the keys to the key, let's you help clean up all our crack going on in Iraq and everywhere else to what do you think? Oh yeah, absolutely. 560, 0560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. What's your take with 80086 posts? We need 114 to get to a thousand during the show on the 26th of whatever it is, 20th of June. In the middle of the dog days of summer where it's 100 degrees in the shade. When everybody's out of town, we still can get a thousand votes in there. They would even drown should be impressed with that. Be impressed about the stick around our register to vote. You will not be called a jury duty, how do you like that? Now I got a great idea. After you register to vote, yeah? Losing drivers license, which is sounds like maybe just lose the number for taking the fest team and based on your recent episode, maybe you can lose your license and you don't have to worry about that at all. Oh, Brad! What's your take on Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9-11? Everybody's talking about it everywhere, okay? Everywhere! The whole world is like trelling from it. Even those losers standing online at the Gateway Cinema Corrent that's what they call before. 890 votes haven't seen yet, but we'll see a 502. That's good. Yeah, whether this week please, Saught it was sensational 231 and it was. Well, absolutely not watching 94 or 10.5%. Saught it sucked 37. Saught it was good 26. So the sucked Rod, that's got to be the crank photo today. Got to be. But that's okay, we can handle it. Because of the people who saw, we got 257 people who said it was either sensational or good and only 37 say, Oh, it's sok, it was bad. But should probably get it said, then Michael Moore again. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, uh, calling for Neil. Speaking. Oh, I did something, shall I give you? I'll say it sounds just like me. I'm going to see the movie today, hopefully. And I wanted to know, if you're not going to be in town on that great day of voting. Well, I'm going to be there. But the absincy ballot. Right. Is that, would that make it harder for them to steal the election again in parentsware? If you go, I don't know when they were doing the thing with the absincy ballots from overseas and the military ballots. I know that that was a real nightmare. So that's one of the reasons I definitely want to be there. I wouldn't want to take the chance. Even though the people that are making the machines supposedly these new machines are, has something to do or they're connected with Bush. You mean the dieboard people who said that they're going to do whatever they can to make sure you wins or hire, yeah, those people, right? Yeah, right. Sounds I'm trying to figure out there's not a way to circumvent it. Absolutely ballot wouldn't secure it that you vote to get it done. Of course not. Great. And I guess I'll be there, voter. I think the deal we have to do is make sure that carry wins by enough so they can't do it again. See what I'm saying? Love your shirt. So send in five or ten ballots just to make sure. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. And see if you send in five or ten, maybe thank you, one or two. I wonder what's happening in the dark communities since we have so many black places we got on the show. I'm sorry, man. I hope those better get out there and don't be disenfranchised again. Like, get Bush did to you. I still can't believe that he won this last election. It leaves me to limp. Yeah. I can't believe it. How pretty give me elected? I guess all the dark folks must have stayed home, or they didn't know who Bill McBride was, or all of these things. I don't know. But you better be highly motivated on the second November I'll tell you there right now. Joshua, be. Josh is going to be going to vote. Okay. This is the first time you're going to vote. That's right. How do you like that? Don't have one to make you a civic activist. They're like take up a lot of your precious time that you could be getting laid and smoking some weed things like that. But just a few minutes on election day. That's all it takes. Just a few minutes. So that we can get the country back and that it might be safe for some of us to occasionally stick our toe and do. Because it's a dangerous place right now. And that guy that called before is just, you know, you can have no problem with anybody doesn't like them over you. Don't want to see it fine. But give me a son and a dancer. He's worried about his kids. I don't have any kids in there for I don't know what I'm talking about. He's got kids. How about that woman who used to have that son who's dead now and all the other 800 and some odd who used to have a son who I did now? Not to mention it's easy to say well, you know, the Iraqis. There's thousands and thousands of the Iraqis but who cares about them? Well, if that's the case to why are we worrying about operation Iraqi freedom. Isn't that kind of like a oxy moron? Yep. Kind of? Yeah. But in the end, right? Don't confuse somebody's people with the facts because after all, where the losers and they're the winners? He's probably squeezing a good book right now. Come on, it's after one at five, 60 WQM and you shop for shoes man. There's only one name that ought to pop in your mind as Brandy shoes and pop at Obeets. They've been there for a long time for a hell of a long time because they do such a great job. A given you fantastic deals. I'm giving you the best choices of brands, all the top names in the universe. And if people over there know your feet and son and out even by the aroma, they've got rock sports, floor shine, SAS, spirit, Timberland, naturalizer and lots of sports. And of course, would do tremendous selection they got right there if you find a shoe stylish like I just about begs life on or right now. No, no matter what style you find it, you're a size in stock right now where you just like on your fat feet. Brandy's is open daily Monday through Saturday, nine to nine, Sunday, stand the five. You'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Papua, but Obeets is always well worth the trip no matter where you are right now is a great time to buy SAS shoes. Brandy's this way because you buy one pair of regular price. You get the second pair for just half price this way. So come into the store or check them out online at BrandySues.com. This is your 20th Icycans. You weigh in. The best is this baby. Baby, lots of couple missiles. Tour place we know. No, no, no, no, no. Hey, no matter what. Who's for name, beckons, we know. There's one thing we all understand. I'll cater what we think until we blow up that mistake. We could chase around forever with our pegs and all our troughs. The special forces are so tired of jumping through them boots. That's it. You're totally made in under her play. That's you're moving to the list cut out all the nonsense. And go flow up back to stay. Oh, rock, rock. Now play in a neat and disclier tank. Why don't you stop to see food? And move along. Back to stay. Boom, boom, boom. 117. It's five, 60, W. So the sun's sentals take an appool. And it is. Do you want to see Fernheit 911? 19,561 total responses which indicate now I can't remember last time I took one of their pools. But that looks like it's been a free to me, okay? You know what I mean? That's a lot of votes. Yeah, for the sun's sental pool. 19,561 anyway, of course. More is a brilliant. 34.6% say that. Yes, I'm curious. 23.3% so that's 57. Almost 58%. 37.3% say no, it's just a bunch of lies and 4.8% say maybe. So even I'm sure that this is free for that number of football, maybe not. Because it's getting a lot of response. So if you had up the maybe yes positively, you've got 5, 28, 60, about 60% and pretty 7% say no, it's just a bunch of lies. Now I'd love to know, despite two things, first of all they haven't seen it. And number two, what is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? I mean, sure there's opinion in there naturally. But it seems to me that it's all factual. It's just all right there. I can't imagine anything that could be made up, but nevertheless. Don't confuse these people with the truth because the bush of colleges, they're a scared, most of these people are something that is going to happen as it's never able to cope with. Oh my gosh, do we need to do an act? So don't mess with them. And if you've seen the movie already, you're a loser or if you're in line. Of course we know that. Well, we know all the world loses anyway. Here's the fact this is a can't help but think of a line from all the president's men when deep throat tells Bob Woodward, forget the myths to me he's clearly about the White House. The fact is these are not very bright guys and things got out of hand. Oh yeah, they're not very bright guys. So say the best. Well, if there are a bunch of crooks you see, you don't have to be all that bright to be a crook. Cheney is a crook, the whole bush family are, I think the bush family really is surpassed the chemise. I mean the chemise, the old man was a bootlegger during WWE 2 that's how we made his portion. And of course they fixed the 1960 election, you know that would all of them dead people of hooded nail and oil in Chicago. Thanks to Dick Daley. So the Kennedy family that no tourists are being crooks and the Rocker Fellows, well, whatever. When you find big money, you know what you find big problems. Crooks. Make no mistake about it. We're talking real serious money. I think the bushes has surpassed the Kennedy's like they were standing still. Anyway, here's a fact from a rally. She says my sister and I went to see the film, Turn 9-9-11 yesterday. We both loved it. And we were both shocked that the Congress doesn't read the new bills on which they vote. How is this possible great show thanks? Well, the reason it's possible is because if you ever seen the size of the bills are like, like the like, Webster's unabridictionary, like you ever see those when a head of Congress, those huge, huge books that are like hundreds and hundreds of, it's really not feasible for them to read the bills. You can't read all of it. No. So they have staff members who like go over to highlights and read as much as they possibly can. And then they say, okay, sure, you know. And they count on the fact that there's no surprises in there. Another paper that I can totally unacceptable. And that's well documented in this movie. There's poor John Coniors of Michigan. Good guy says to Michael Moore, sit down, my boy. Let me just tell you right now. We never read any of the bills that are brought to us. Zyna America, maybe 560560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Maybe they didn't get 19,000 votes because we're going to go over a thousand year or convert Robert Creepers life on it. We have 953 already. 10.2 percent say they absolutely will not watch it. And 40 people said they saw it in its sucked. Do you actually believe that? No. No. So that's a QAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. QAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Is it Josh? Yes. Can you put me earlier about that? Okay, hold on. I thought it was like a regular call. Talk to him again, okay. Okay, I love Josh. I was going to say, I'd be real careful on this information. I mean, don't give him too much time to hang around. Okay, Josh, don't look like sit on your lap. Do you want to say that address? And so I don't know. And so I don't know. Do you want to say that address? And so I don't know. And two signs and shoots. Uh huh. WQAM, hello. NEO? Yes, sir. You made a little bit of a historical error of the candy. Josh's candy use of these regular curing food, begging day to choose not war. On-site prohibition, right? On-site preceding W2, on-site in between. But beyond that, yes, you can act between the war. But additionally, you always decryed grave robbers. And there's a considerable body of historical fact to suggest that the Bush family years of grown, new to the Toronto most grave. And that the unnaven Americans put a course on them. And then, of course, that there's a course on the United States. From the Bush's having to get to Toronto most grave. Well, I'll be there. Okay, and thank you so much for that. I'm really an observation. Do you have any idea what you were talking about? I couldn't understand one word. I think you said something about default in the Indian. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Yeah, they were all bootlegging during the depression. Between W2 is one and two. So, excuse me. As far as the rest of it, what was you talking about? How did you end up? Hi, I'm a tough guy. Yes, man. Speaking. Hi, Neil. I thought of moving over the weekend in fact Friday night, I pre-ordered them on Wednesday. And how anybody could, who was the who's a fancitor, who's a fancitor, who's got both sides and the people who are pro-blerish aren't going to like it and they're going to know. The answer to what I have of it. How anybody who's first living in the middle of the fighting works too, can we bear a? Not go to get that man, is the on me. Right. Simply be on me. Some people questioning, my little lips come. She's the woman who lost her son. Right. What's the name her patriotism, what you standing on front of the white half of the end, screaming that she wants to or stunned that. And until you're in that situation, your son or your daughter or your husband or wife is over there and losing their lives, have their people do that. And then I don't let slide you're on, have their people do that. But everybody, everybody should go see us. A great history lesson. And keep up the good work thing. Okay. Thanks a lot. Yes, in this business of just like Robert Gleeper and all these other idiots. Oh, you're on a barricade, you want to pay free out of it. That's fascism at it. So it's almost. You don't dare question you government, go criticize whatever you do. That makes you lay mindless, letting you with that makes you. I mean, we've been through this a million times and I'm so tired of that crowd. Oh, you want to pay free out of your criticizing your country. You know, she sent her son up, not to be killed, not to be as a human sacrifice. And that's what she became aware of because that's exactly what it turned out to be. He's not for nothing, for no good cause. Nothing can defend your country and defend your freedom. Well, you've done pretty well companies, who you've done for big business, who you've now for corrupt cooks. Then it's another story. And then of course God forbid that we should see those, those bodies, God forbid that we should see those cascades, those flag-grade cascades come up back Saedilver deluer. And we don't want to let the public see that. And you want to know like because it's bad for business. If he is a bad PR situation when the public sees that there actually are dead people coming back. If you're like when the body bags were coming back from Vietnam and it would tell us that we got peace in our hand, right? That's what Josh Speckens is, too. So what happened here Josh with your boyfriend? He's going to come by tomorrow and during the show because he couldn't come in 2.30 and I guess he's just dropped me off a brochure to fill it. I got a full lot of form he said and get it done and I'll mail it in. Oh come on, how long has he been to take it to fill that form out? You sure this guy is on the up and up? He's a legit so he says he's going to be here tomorrow. Yeah. Well if he wants any sexual information I would definitely pass on that. I don't think he had a whole thing. He sounded a little, I don't know, I mean I can sniff some of these people out of mid and miles away. Or 12 out of about anyway. He called twice. Yeah. Well said, I mean either he's legit and wants to get Josh registered or he's really hot to try. I think he's or or or both. Why he's six after one at five, 16, but he can well listen if you want to exercise you know you're a mirror free to visit American. You might have to exercise something else. Don't make sense. Hey if you're on the weekends diet, sound free trigger busters are a lot of people. If you're on the street, your busters are a low carb sugar free dive any kind. This is this has to be well, not a softy worst. But if I had to pick the 10 worst pieces of copy ever handed to me in a history of my life, this is one of them. This I attended there's somebody on that staff. We've been having a nice vacation. I have no idea what's happening to this child. Joel, he is just losing it rapidly. The license list book is up thousands of low carb diet. Is it team to weight loss goals? Today shopping for the right low carb products has become more and more difficult. Most of the so-called low carb products on grocery store shelves. Sure a store shelves will even help you lose weight. Because a lot of them had hidden carbs, a lot of mergers garbage. So don't sabotage your weight loss goals. Coming to the license list book and it'll help you stay on a right track with hundreds of the best tasting lowest carb products available. And you can try anything that's disturbing for you by. There's staff knows low carb dieting, inside and out. They're open every day till 10 of the lights. And don't forget they're guaranteed lowest price policy on all. Atkins, carbolite and pure d-light products. The license list book will not be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol, the license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. The license list book will be under so-ol. Go back! To ride! Go back, go swimming dogs alone It'll be fine, home to face, swimming on joggers You should see what they have planned You're primein' aster, home to film Who's say this company? When it's not far in a crime Go back! To ride! To ride! For swimming dogs, be gone! Go back! To ride! You're back for swimming dogs, be gone! It's the opposite, you're going back home! Prison life is waiting for you And when you drop that soap in the shower You know you're still mates, we're loves you better Go home to the home! Go back! Let go! Go back! Go back to the right way, you'll be gone! Go back! Go back! Go back to the right way, you'll be gone! It was a driving off as you entered this hut Your lunch time will be postponed Got crashed for this weekend It's a bit bad here In the night and a couple of days Let's head along to the towards And you already got the other salt right on there. Alright, so don't worry about coming tomorrow, buddy. No, baloney Oh, man you are I have never in my life seen anybody like you you are trying so hard to back out of this deal The first thing I asked you was if I could do it online. Well, I just found this thing I don't know just like I asked for the deadline for for voter for the sign-up for register And we still haven't got that yet This audience is in a coma. It's a busy going Maddie Colin and whatever all in Reverend Jones I don't know what the story is I'm supposed to be like a walking in cycle be here. I'm not Okay, I know Ficed I was in selection day today. That's all I know right here in Canada. Hey, oh, boy That's that hard for you. It's in where am I gonna go then? I guess back to umstead on 567.05.60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line As those dark folks found in the jungles of Africa no matter how fast you learn to run Sooner or later they're gonna catch you probably sooner How do you weigh him hello? Yeah, sir It was good movie wasn't as good as falls for calm by enough Yeah, I think should I get a share of your question? No 567.05.60 pound. I mean, what would have you like that? I mean It's not based on what you like it or not is based on The substance of what you had to say substance Can you smell it? WQA and hello I Hello Yes, oh, it's great to talk here Well, I'd be a little suspicious about somebody coming to somebody's place and trying to start him up with voting Well, I'm Well, we're gonna go your local city hall and get Well, you know, I just think that Josh courtist was trying already to back out of this haven't somebody show up and bring him the application You think he's gonna go to city hall and register to vote? Is he that lazy? Yes, okay. Well, you know, I've got to give a driver's license to somebody you don't know that's a little suspicious too Well, maybe the guy has this suspended. How do you know? Just this guy obviously has got something in mind Okay, let's just see how it unfold By the way, yeah, I can't vote Because I'm in the car Can you vote that I will see the movie by the way Michael Morris next special he said on CNN was HMOs and pharmaceutical car. I mentioned it before right Okay, thanks a lot, I have a great day five six seven All five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 team Verizon line so in other words if you don't want to vote stay in the car So if you don't want to register just run right out to your car right now Josh whenever that guy shows up two three Today tomorrow whatever he shows up you'll just be locked in the car then you'll be safe And maybe you can just crack a window just a little bit and you can slip it to you through the window. I mean the Terminal Salah, okay Somebody can wait and hello Pretty good I got to start a minute, you know Border home to me is the one guy came to I'll actually with a pickup truck All full of their babies and well right and when that woman was charged on challenge And wash it and by the other bitch right now. I said what nerd to she said Just like that bitch and not to ask right to go get it down. Yeah, she would have got a round our Paul for doing it On visual now see you later. Thanks, Colin. Here's a guy that saw the movie Here's one 567.0560 pound five 60 on the 18 and P in Verizon world with line. Let's see if we get our thousand votes here. What do we got? Nine a lot of propitious numbers for my second powers again. See what we got? Right on time I got a thousand two. Oh you have I got nine nine nine my husband. We first yet Let me see if it can be refreshing It is so refreshing you can believe it's like air airwick Thousand four I got now. Oh, you're be what's your take on Michael Moore's movie for night nine eleven Haven't seen yet, but I will see a 559 saw that was sensational 270 Well absolutely not watching 104 10.3 percent hard ass Right wing Bush apologists blood on her hands saw it suck 41. That's rubber creeper voting 41 times and so I take that back as you can see a village just lion You're a liar Robert you just making up as you go along and saw it was good has got So 300 out of 341 Which I know what percentage of this what is that? That one is true because we got some funny votes on it. Oh anyway nationwide 91 very good Very good Well I'm in 300 out of 350 would be five sevens which is about 70 percent But we got a bunch of Ojo from Bucket or Goyam on here who are gooseen up that saw then sucking and they see they're playing a little game Oh, we're gonna cycle we're gonna cycle these people. We're gonna make sure that if we're not above us Note that it wasn't any good they're not gonna waste the rate bucks to go see it Well guess what all the people that are anxious to go see it including there wants to say definitely will see it which is over 56 percent They're still gonna see it. Oh, yes, it's better while you're negative to her comments There's nothing like having an opinion it's like it's like my shame Hey, what do you think about column mod? Is that one of your favorite dishes? I never had column mod Okay, well I can accept that all it sucks to be ready to know See what I'm saying yeah, what do you think about real Parmesan? Oh, it's horrible Well, those last time you had it. I never had it, but Sounds terrible. I heard it's bad. Yeah, I heard it's crap. Although I do like real Parmesan I love real Parmesan. Mmm, well all fed people like that kind of stuff of course smudded with cheese and sauce Oh, man taking Parmesan real Parmesan Like just take Parmesan just a plate with the cheese and sauce on it. I'll take two Don't forget this week. We got George on vacation so Josh and there's actually a lot of crispy clean donuts In fact, maybe the guy that he brings tomorrow your thing is for love maybe it doesn't crispy cream It's kind of like a you know getting their clean the kind of a gift or hot the truck gift. Yeah You think Josh has got a puzzle to look at this face. Well, what does that mean when you better be there? All we're seeing this project and tell you right now because God only knows what's gonna happen when this whole deal goes down Amara the guy will show up on the application of probably bring some donuts to probably try to be a good guy Okay, just don't let him too close 20 till two at five 60 WM. Let me tell you about dry concepts. I've been using them in my homes for over 20 years now It's a long time and the reasoning that the best in the world. What would he even think about call anybody else if your Carpenter or Shmussi and believe it your Carpenter is as bad as your sink when it comes to collecting germs and schmuss I'll kind of bad things deep down in there What you ought to do is make that one easy called a dry concepts toll free at 1-800 2-4-8-5-7-1 and they'll drag clean your carpet and same ideas Rackling your clothing nobody else in the world does that the stains go away and they don't come back Beware those five ninety five for room stands believe you me You never gonna get the same results from those people that you get from dry concepts and then it could be any scam at the end of the deal They give you a written guaranteed price up front before they stir to an fantastic job with each of your carpeting your area Wuggs or yellow rugs drapery a poultry all of these things So pick up that phone a car real soon for a stupidness unbeatable job and When you talk to dry concepts, be sure and ask them to put your understand by list which can save an extra 15% After all ready unbeatable price column tool free 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 or check them out of the web at dry concepts.com Oh Thank you mom. No, no wait a minute. Go go. I have nothing else to say. Oh, about this. I was doing the down there in the mirror, Mom. I'm right down the street, some new. Oh yeah. I have to go. Oh wait, oh wait, by the way. Oh no, no, I have to go. I told you what. I told you what. I told you what. I'll hold you open up right. How's that? I'll give you one of my old, the tentation. How's that? I'm not going to. I'm not going to. That was the only call that we have. The thing that I need, no, is growing again. I'm going to go and go. I'm going to go and go and go and go. I'm going to go and go and go. I'm going to go and go and go. I'm going to go and go. Oh, that thing, we will say. And you know, if I just say, I'm in the house, those those in people who are hiding. And you know, those in the mirror, you know, they are going to be a road map of Otol ears. Nosol ears. You can get their views on. Why should I say, I don't fold once on this thing. I'm almost abnormal, like, the day I came. And my veins really start, open the Go Blue. I add the noise and avoid your voice all the time. I'm 46 and 56WCM. Here's a fact that I saw the Michael Moore movie this past week and the only theater showing it in a high-alia. I guess they have someone taking down names and the most telling part is W's Stumb reaction to classroom after he hears about the second plane and is reading my pet go book. What's the right way to go to the explanation for that? The right way you choose for Michael Moore is some people of course we don't know who 30 years ago. I'm like working for him so it must be unreliable, evil or fill in the blank. I do have children I don't want them slotters for Bush and Demohliocolor is more than welcome to send his kids off to die. Sounds like natural selection to me. That's a shot! That's a fifth day of five or heard one. Oh you want to see somebody faxes is the voter roofing. It's lower than the voter registration deadline 29 days before the election which is November 2nd. So it'll be what about October 4th? Something like that maybe October 4th or I think I just thought that's another sheet Also. Yeah. More dates on it. Well, when 29 days before November 2nd the October 4th. Don't 31 days have October and the rest don't pay attention to some like that. Yes, you're right October 4th. So this is only the 20th of June. July August September October. You got 3 months plus. 3 months plus a few odd days. To get your ass with it. And between that one. Huh? Which is your job sign up by them? If he has signed up tomorrow afternoon at 2.30 or thereabouts and if we don't have, when the guy comes by that how long it takes you to get the card back in the mail. All right. And then the day that comes there he'll say show it to George in the card too and then we'll make a big announcement. Show. That's one. Let's see. Tim's is. I saw the movie on Friday was impressed and I was one of those losers. I was one of those losers standing out front of the gateway theater too. Let's see. Closing day for the elections. See. I was right. Once I got my math right. Tim says October 4th. According to the browser election website. The odd yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad yad y. Which is August. Which is August. October 4th. Okay. So, but for the primary August second. What we don't care about the primary doing? No. No. So, thank you. We finally got around. We got the information. We're going to get 8 million people. We're going to have 40 million people voting in Florida by November 2nd. Everybody in the States going to vote at least twice just to be sure. WQA and hello. Mr. Jones. Mr. Jones. Mr. Jones. What is it? The nail. Yes. Hey, I was calling you because I did get to the movie that we came. Yeah. I was going to be like, you know, what is quite in dear feel that I thought it was not going to be like old people in there. And it was actually a lot of young people. Excellent. That's what we need. And you know what? It was a couple of things couple of operations. The British beer or British beer or quote in that movie is probably. Maybe. Well, I was going to say that she looked. She looked in with her. She looked in with her. Actually, I thought you had a wish. Actually, but also, the thing I think that's that is public and they're going to be the most. The most of the set about is that bush. I mean, he just uses regular clips of his interviews and his best conferences. And he just comes across a such a total idiot. Here, the guy is. He's like, they give him enough rope and he ends himself. Pretty lovely. Which is how you get. And actually, by the way, the New York Times did a fact checking review of the movie. And I think they found a couple of things which they thought Michael Morgan had done a better job on. And the one thing was about the Saudi Arabian money. He doesn't really give a reference where that money comes from. Where the figure I think was close for a trillion dollars. Right. That was one of the things that the base thoughts that was kind of very, Betty Toro on his part. And the second thing was that Bush's presidency was floundering before 911. That was the other thing that the New York Times thought that maybe he just went a little bit overboard on. But everything else that he checked out in the movie is fake. Yeah, that was that was early in the movie. And didn't they show the charts showing his popularity dropping? I mean, I don't remember what the numbers were. And when I see it again, I'll be sure on what said part more closely. But it seemed to me that they showed actual graphs to show what the numbers were. Yeah, you're right. I guess there's the only few things that they found that was not based on sexual information. And let me give you another story about John Ashcroft. There was going to use in the movie. This is about actress and movie is there was going to use the fact that he did not fly commercially before 911. And then his team of people that actually do all the fact checking actually found out that he flew twice. Promotionally in the summer of 2001. Right. Therefore they did not put it in the movie. That's not accurate to movie is, but date is not going to put something in there. That was not based on fact. Ashcroft did fly commercially before 911. That's true. Anybody who says the movie is a bunch of lies is just afraid of the truth. That's the problem. That's absolutely right. There's a lot of contact. I'm very glad. 15 to 560WD coming again. I just recommended I saw it and I thought it was great. It was spectacular sensation. I was standing like all of Michael Moore's working. If we had a thousand people like him in his country, things would be hell. A lot better right now. That's right. For it 50. But we don't. We got paid in the course of the Democratic Party head just a handful. Just five or six or maybe just one would have been good on that pay full day. After the Supreme Court decided to appoint a president. Just one Democratic senator. And again, I'd share like to know what John Kerry is saying about that. Probably not much. 152.5.60WD QM. It's still not too late to change by the way. Howard Dean is still waiting for that phone call. He came on yesterday right on National TV. Said, hey, guess what? I was right. How do you respond to me, Cran? We're going to shout here, line up. Hey, where's the call? We're going to call a boy. We're going to call a boy. I'm going to shout the call. I'm going to call a boy. And then we're going to watch it. And then we're going to watch it. And he's seeing us. I can't wait. He's starting to look better by a minute. You know what? For some of my best friends are all named Howard. 152.5.60WD QM. It's summertime. They're getting longer nights getting shorter, which means it is so important for you to get a good night sleep. If you're not sleeping as well as you would like call 1-800-MacRys today because millions of people, smart people, and maybe some of that all are pretty. And you don't have to be a genius. They figured it out. They called 1-800-MATT-RES. For the lowest price on the best brands in betting. It's the easiest possibility. You're in the three-way great night sleep. Save time. Save money and prove your productivity. And bring your disposition because you're going to sleep every night like a baby. Dalamak Friss' rank number one in Christomus satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local Torch of Excellence Award. When you call 1-800-MATT-RES, you'll get the best prices on the best brands, would livery on your schedule in the best customer service in the universe. And Dalamak Friss' theories only the top names in the business. They got them all. Seemly's surd a king coil. Simmons tempered, big students and foster hewitt. From capitalist steward, Palm Beach to Ford, Myers Dalamak Friss, will deliver right to your door. They'll find this betting around. They take away the crappy sore low betting. And set up your brand new one for you. Everybody at 2M and anybody with a brand is called 1-800-MATRES for our beds. You ought to be doing the same. If you want more info, if you want to just do it online, log onto their website. Knitlist.com or give a call right now at 1-800-MATRES 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-500-MATT-RES. 5-800-MATT-RES. 10-600-MATT-RES. L.O.S. 10-8-MATT. 10-NAM-100. 10-MATT-RES. 10-MATT-RES. 10-NG. 11-7-MATT. 11-MATT. 16-MATT. 16-RES. We are in Tariah! We are in Tariah! We are in Tariah! We are in Tariah! Freedom totally lost! If I say couple-tuck, I am totally f***ing told free you have one animal block! Because I have these days from my own f***ing! I think nothing to say! And when you're in Hark, it goes to children! And guys can see you are! They have big desires, you're just throwing the towel! The I have these days from my mobile! The hell? This is a f***ing cold stone! All the things you've been, now you can't even stand down to you! And you can see what is there up there! All the things you've been, now you can't even stand down to every step! If you can't stand down to every step! And the shawl of the gun, that's the thing you've got! We have had enough! We are so so so so sorry! We have had enough! So great column by Marine Dada Center website! I don't have time to read it! Are they losing it? But there's just one paragraph! The Conservatives, depending on Mr. Cheney, for his use of the effort against the Patrick Lehyde, are largely the same crowd that went off the defense because of a glimpse of a breast on the Super Bowl, demanding everything from Finds to new regulations to protect red states from blue language! She's really good! Anyway, what have we got on the pool? What's your take on Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9-11? You better go see it if you're smart! 1157 votes! Haven't seen it yet, but we'll see it! 599! So it was sensational! 373! That's the obvious correct answer for anybody with a brain and an open mind. We would like a half a brain! Well, absolutely not watching it! 9.4% but saw it sucks! They're like moving over on that again to try to sway to anybody from see it! 45! So that saw it was good! 31! On your hand, the man does come to me! On your T.E. saw it on Friday! Saturday! And like at four or four fifteen to seven, he's probably going to be one of those losers standing in the line in four long hours! Bye-bye! Bye-bye! Let your phone fly! Let your phone fly! So you can wait after the light on the floor! It's nothing like a Drought Your Host holding a big black gold bill where you're trying to do an update! Oh! Oh!