We know you want to do this job, but yet to suck that much guilty of the war, God. Why, do you breast good? Get away and feel the release, smell the fresh sea air. Take in the unparalleled experience of Cuban ranting on a big lanic. It's like a vacation away from your troubles, your life back home. You are the skipper on a journey to a better place. The only thing between you and your destination is whenever nature has planned for you that day. Unpredictable. Breath taking. Life threatening. Cuban ranting on big lanic. Will you away to something better? Roughly strung. No faster. Here come the sharks, you gotta real much faster than it. Roach, am it? Painful, brother, you wish, Navy. Well, I think that was a very poor taste. George, and a lot of your people are going to be really pissed off for you. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Some 500 people didn't make it. The heterosexuals. Some of your people, right? No, I said Cubans. So I think you didn't really carry it away. Anyway, the reason I'm ripping into guildy was I just, you know, I had another radio action this morning, I come in a studio here. I open up the pot. Take out the seeds. Yeah. And I'm listening to a no-mo this morning. I see it's in Gualt tournament or something. And guildy's on solo, which is painful by itself. But at any rate, then he goes into a thing about the Panthers and what a successful season. And what an improvement over the last couple of years with a 60 points. And remember, oh my good-end. And the only call that I heard just ripped him and asked really good. Guys, how could you say it was a disgrace? And they missed a playoff by 11 points. Looks like 14 points to me at the moment, sir. Probably didn't check the scores last night. I'm what I just want again. Panthers lost again to Carolina, so Atlanta and Carolina both have hopped over Florida and the standings. Even though it makes no difference because they're out of the playoff contention. But see the idea that you can go year after year, a season after season and not even really content seriously for the playoffs is pretty embarrassing. That's not what the public wants. So the franchise isn't a lot of trouble, which guildy doesn't want to admit because he wants the job radio broadcaster, which shows McDonald's retiring the season at the end of the year and five more games. So guildy wants that job. So naturally he's just going like crazy, you know. Being the biggest suck up in the world and it's a pathetic game. No credibility, guildy. It's just embarrassing. Oh, but that had to take a good year and now the kids in the organization. Yeah, right. Season after season after season, fewer and fewer season ticket holders, more and more empty seats. More and more people who bought tickets, disguised as empty seats, more given away free tickets, which people aren't even using. I've decided that organization as much as I'm a big hockey fan. It's a miracle. I don't know what else going on with them. But at any rate, that's an apockey talk now. We got Elizabeth Hurley behind the BD curtain today if you're over the age of 100. And you have 15 permission slips. And nobody ain't looking. You can take a peek. I'm not a big guillotine. But Hurley fan in terms of her physical beauty. But then you know why no. She's that hot. She'll do. Addiquit. That's what I said. Addiquit. But certainly not in the same league as some of the other people we've had on her. But she'll do like you said. Elizabeth Hurley will be before we get to that. Very bad story again. And of course the media aren't paying too much attention this anymore because they've got the bigger fish to fry than dead American soldiers. And the administration doesn't want to talk about dead soldiers because it's bad news. It reminds people again of this grotesque, unacceptable conflict that their fewer mice there has gotten us immersed in. Separate attacks north and west of Baghdad yesterday killed three U.S. troops military sources said. U.S. Marine was killed in two wounded yesterday in ambush west of Feluca. And early Thursday roadside bombing. Bacabakh, Kildi was soldier wounded to others. Also one U.S. soldier was killed another wounded. Wednesday in the attack north of Baghdad. So these statistics keep mounting. We're getting very close to 600 people coming back in coffins or body bags or whatever. And you won't see that because the media are, you know, they're going right along. We're goose stepping right along. We don't want to see that. Because that's not good for El Presidente. You know, I want to thank that lady that the fact they're called in about Agashikaldinia today. But thumbtraise.org. I had more fun with that. More fun this morning. And just a few minutes. That's amazing. You can go on that thing and you can type in somebody's name. Or you can type in your own zip code or a neighbors name or zip code. And pops up there. They're their name. They're addressed. They're occupation. How much they don't need it. And who they don't need it too. You know, you can go into maximum of $2,000 any candidate. I approached in Donald Trump for fun. And being of course just a kind of colony. He was a punch Donald Trump for fun. He donated two grand to John Kerry and two grand to George W. Bush. It's called Covering Your Back To My Skull and Trump. Trump. He makes me ill. Paul Resolve from yesterday. Which of these allegedly beautiful people do you think is the ugliest? Groot-task. And Sarah Jessica Parker, man. It was George's choice. And she wins in our grand slides. Nobody even close. Beast nobody could touch her. 518 votes for Sarah. Paris Hilton, needle-lo's 1, 292. Sandra Burnhardt, 183 and her brother St. Fabio 133. He talked all the guys in rightfully so. Eightest-scusting, Rami Harry, Rose looking thing. Torrey Spelling 94, J.L. 82, Courtney Love 70, Julia Roberts 68, Justin Tinkerbell 67. Madonna 61 Donald Trump 54. Who donated two grand to John Kerry and two grand to George Bush. Girls be 49, pink 40-n-o-m-a-camble 40-pand Anderson. How by a pen Anderson has. God, third man. Shared 28, Jackie Johnson 28, Tom Cruise 26, Betty Davis 25, Christina Aguilera. And he on Sanders 24. Lil Kim 20, Sandra Bullock 17, you matureman 13, Mark Anthony 13, he is grim. Jennifer Anderson 13, Jimmy the Curtis a dozen. Owen Wilson 11, I still know who that is. Katherine Hepburn 9, Kate Moss 6, Lauren Hutton 6, Marlene a D.Trick 2, Richard Gier, had only one. But he said it was a cute one. Now you told me so, let me get to Elizabeth early and then we'll get to that. Because I'm just, I am a guest. I'm just amazed that there are people in this audience and people in this community. And people on this station, by the way, who are on here, who don't understand the seriousness of this whole FCC business. Like I don't have better things to do than, uh, get all been out of shape about this. And by the way, Scott in New York, Eric has been trying to get a whole year with a stop FCC.com thing which we've been working our brains off and trying to brainstorm, putting the ads in the USA today. But we are going to proceed until we get some guidance from you or the fact that you still exist. I sure hope they haven't gotten the Scott in New York. I mean, maybe he vanished. Because he hasn't responded to Eric's emails or his messages or anything else. And we need to coordinate with him. So we're not, I'm not pushing that thing anymore. We got about 106,000 signatures on there. And nearly 13,000 from Florida. So we thank everybody who cared enough to send their very best. But I'm not going to continue pumping on that until we find out what the deal is, right? Right. I mean, you know, what's the story? He did call it in the show after we started talking about it. A couple of times that gave me the impetus to say, okay, well, this guy is serious. He really is going to do something with these signatures and to try to do something to help us out. But anyway, getting back to what I said. The idea that there's anybody out there who thinks that I'm just making this up or we can't play the fart noises anymore. You people need help. You need a lobotomy. One after another at these appearances that come on. And what are they saying? They're saying no really. What, you know, they think it's a publicity. You know, what this reminds me of reminds me of the feud with Mo. Right. Exactly. Everything I do want to show. I mean, if you've listened for more than five minutes, you should know what I'm being serious when I'm just spun and around, okay? The feud with Mo was there's no fun involved with that. Absolutely. I mean, everybody in the building just despises that, uh, Creaton like crazy. And as far as the FCC thing, I mean, just stop and think. Oh, it's difficult to connect the dot sometimes. Stop and think. Howard Stearns have been taken off the sixth through channel stations. He's been fined again. All kinds of people are being fined. The two guys in Atlanta that got suspended and Dan Mirfired. Uh, Bubba Love Sponge gets fired in Tampa. I guess this must all be a big joke, right? We keep getting us almost every day of words. We can't say sounds. We can't play. And you're telling me that there were people coming up to you and say, Oh, Jesus, really serious. This is just a joke. Oh, it was on the front page of the Sun said, I'm hoping that somebody read it to some of you folks out there last Saturday. Tom, Jack had a big piece about that about New Rogers and Howard Stearn. And this one of that one and the, they chilling your facts on free speech. The FCC's going crazy. Oh, you radio guys are always pulling. Yeah, right. Let's be some kind of a stun. I mean, what, what did it say? I could understand that with some people on here who have no credibility. Are you sure? We're always doing, you know, stunts in the phony ballooning stuff. Let's say no phony ballooning. It's a bunch of ballooning. And it is, uh, it is hard to believe that a group of adults would sit around say, oh, you can't play those fart noises. It's obscene. It's, uh, crude, uh, something. Of course. I mean, I, it is hard to believe that adults would be worrying about such crap. But the fact of the matter is, uh, they are. And all kinds of threats. I mean, what about the bill that says, let's make the, the fine for indecency episode, instead of 27,500, we'll make it 275,000, and then on the second and third, once 500,000 a piece. That's real happen that, right? Right. What kind of a moron you have to be to not take this seriously? Programs are disappearing. They're having a nervous breakdown about Janet Jackson's booby and the Super Bowl. And I was like, two months ago. And, uh, but it would, but about at least people still don't take it seriously. That is sad. Anyway, Elizabeth Hurley, who was born June 10, 1965 and Hampshire England in the UK, wanting to be a dancer. Elizabeth Hurley went to ballet boarding school at the age of 12. Look what I just did, but I almost just screwed myself up. Big time. Slip it a finger can be bad. Anyway, uh, she was in method 2004 this year. That says, is that out yet? Yeah. This is? It's out there. It's out there. Serving Sarah 2002, uh, bad boy. Double whammy be dazzled with the weight of water. Austin Powers, despite who shagged me, of course. Uh, EVTV my favorite Martian, 99. How about that? Permanent midnight. Austin Powers International Made of Mystery. I don't even remember that. Yeah, that was the first one. Oh, why never do that? That was the name of it though. Yes. I've seen it. A danger at about what he's Canadian. A dangerous ground. Mike Myers, Wake Canadian, Boy A, Samson and Delilah, Harrison Crowe of the City. Med ball. I mean, she was an, it would take us to a clock if I read all the list of the movies. She's been in good idea. Oh, so anyway, there she is behind the velvet rope behind the beauty curtain on the arrages.com for you to prove and say, yeah, she ain't too bad. No, in a moment of her desperation, I might think about it. Is what some of you are saying, of course, I wouldn't think about it in any moment. But that's another story. Wow. I, what you told me that just blows me away. All the effort that were exoving and exoiding here and all the energy and, uh, you tell me that people think it's a joke. Oh, what a stunt. What you got. Of course, then again, you're telling me about the people that show up at the appearances. Right. Well, I'm saying. Well, some others too. See what they can't believe is how ridiculous it is. Right. Can't play a far-right way. Right. Which, yeah. It is hard to believe. Yeah. I do, I do, I do. I, I think Joe Rose, uh, because I hear the pre delay. I hear everything live as opposed to after the bleeping out. So I heard Joe, uh, throwing the A word this morning. I'm not talking Canadian either. It was the, cool word. And Zach of course, dumped it. Nice, God, Zach. Thank the Lord for you. And uh, and then Joe went into a thing about, well, you know, you dump me and I, you're responsible and I responsible. I don't think someone like colleagues here get it either. Okay. This is it. It's not like it's optional, okay? It's not like one of those deals. It's like, uh, do it or bye bye. It, it's as simple as that. I got two emails from my attorney, Norma Kentus morning who continues being a very silly person. 10 13 is five 60 by the way, Norma. Uh, present on Lincoln City loved the play of a man who's had his still pounding. If you want more about following a low carb diet, you want the best tasting biggest lesson of low carb foods that head for the lights of West Boca. You can't beat it. Whether you're starting or restarting the ad can sugar buster South Beach, when he low carb sugar free died, the lights of West Boca's always been the number one low carb store in the universe in for good reason because they got so much good stuff. Over 1200 low carb products and stock to choose from including breads and bagels, cookies, crackers, chips and brownies, top of carbolite ice cream, pasta delicious sauces ketchup cheese cakes and lots more. Don't forget if it's new and great tasting in the low carb line, the lights will have it first. They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. You can always try anything in the store before your bite. They got a friendly knowledgeable staff in the store who we didn't know dieting inside and out and they carry the most complete line of adkins brands products anywhere. And please keep in mind the adkins products are on sale today. A week from Shavuas, uh, Easter, uh, Sunday, good Friday all day every day. The lights of West Boca, they're on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market. You can come to a free 1877 low carb that's L.O.W.C.A.R.B. Run web it's low carb.com. If you're on any low carb that this store is a must, there's only one device of West Boca's official adkins retail center. Bye and local. Here's sports radio 560U.A.M.list 16 Ombe Milly, are you wearing since it was raining. Whats driving me. O century? Chu yeah. stay there. Saving the pipes with your بال gyre. Pretty goodварday time. Paint the valve safe out. I'm gonna say that. No. If you're not very ugly, it'll be a Christian. If you're gay, I'm gonna be good to read nothing, no good to pray living down. If you're gay, I'm gonna call the head I'll sign the body down the back for my back. You can look the children one, close, you can say that. There are making me... with that prince who's a daughter of mine for the obscene sea. If I knew what they had said, I'd just come right now. That's for no one, I know who's in the world, you're my boy. Or I could have my baby you'll believe in this story those have the signal now. I'm gonna call the head. I'll sign the body I'll sign the head. You can look the children Oh, you can't say that. You can't say squad I'll say that right now. I don't think you can say squad. It's 10.15. 60 WQAM. So I looked at that stop at CC.com one last time and we said one last time is until that Eric notifies me, emails me or whatever that he's gonna response from Scott. I'm not gonna promote it anymore, you know? Yeah, I mean, we've got 12,600 signatures from Florida including most of those from our audience who have been vaccinated but in a total of 106,131 but Scott, let's be responsive and work on his with us. I can't afford the luxury of pushing and shoving all these people to do something and then find out oh well, you know, he was just kidding. You know what I mean? Right. Or like, oh well, he went on vacation or something. I don't know. Just something to do. Right. Here's our poll question today. Maybe this will convince those doubting promises, but I doubt it. I don't think they get it. You doubt it, Thomas. I'm doubting it, Thomas. With all the censorship going on, which in heels comedy bits are songs where you missed the most and believe you me, you and could have been heard them no more. In fact, that could be our theme song now. Whatever you liked in the past, you won't hear it. Yeah. If it was funny, no. If you liked it in the past, right. No. If it amused, no. No. Oh well. Absolutely. So I made a short list. Probably a how many thousand. But third man. There's to be calling in today. And if you have doubts, I mean, we can clarify that for you. In fact, we can even play it. We can play a little bit. So one and find out if you're right or not. These are ones we know that we can't play no more. At least just a few of the ones we know. I'll see. Can I read these? Yeah, this one I can read. Sofa. Sofa? Right. Kind. I have to leave a long separation. It's 16. What is in Memphis? Trails are trout. Holds on parade. The I-85. Holds song. And part sounds. That's a start. Which of these bits are, and thanks to the I got to call me yesterday. It was a good idea. I think. We'll find out if it was a good idea or not. The White House yesterday asked the independent commission investigating the I-11 turrets of text. To give national advisor a security advisor, condolese or rice. Another opportunity to talk privately with panel members. And everybody's saying, Oh, come on. Out in public, condolese. Out in the bright sunlight. No, no. Shut up. In the letter to commission chairman and vice chairman from Council Air Baritone Gonzalez, the White House. Said that such a session would allow her to clear up a number of miscortizations of Dr. Racer statements and positions. Rice would still not testify publicly before the panel. As the members of May, relatives of the victims of the 2000 on terrorist attacks want, Gonzalez wrote that it's important that presidential advice such as rice. Not be compelled to testify publicly before congressional bodies, such as the commission. Of course, the problem with that is that the commission is not a congressional body. It's a special independent commission. Oh, well, don't confuse us with the fact. But nevertheless, it's a good excuse. It's a lame excuse. 560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless line. Oh, look at this. Where wouldn't this come from? I look for Barry Jackass in my hero today and the hero of the search thing is pretty lame. That said, there was a lot of information about the thing is pretty lame. That said, there was not even article in there, but it come to find out there it is. WQAM General Manager Greg Reed said, Hugh Am is close to extending its dolphins contract to 2006, the current the O'Ruston X season. Also Reed said he's considering former overnight host Joe Costello's bid for reinstatement. We firecast Delan Mark Eisenberg after a station employee discovered internet pictures of them with naked women in the stadium studio. Eisenberg is not applied for reinstatement Reed said, Oh, I see. So that was that would make it a cost cutting measure. Give it a Eisenberg, right? The Joe and Joe show. On another matter? Oh, no. You know, there's something wrong with this man. There is something desperately and deeply wrong with our leader. Reed said he is still exploring whether the station has a realistic chance of acquiring the Howard Stern Morning Show, which he believes is contractually tied to crew channels. Big 106, even though the station is no longer carrying it. All I can say to that is, wow, just take that license and wipe somebody's big fat one with it. Wow, wow, wow, but anyway, have a good time Greg. He is just unconscionable as what he is. He's just a lunatic. But anyway, here's one that says there's a QAM billboard on Sterling Roe just east to 441. It shows a woman's butt in a bikini that Reed's WQAM has you covered. Yes, that's correct. How can they put a scatley clad boom and butt on a billboard at the same time that you're not allowed to say more and more words noises or play bits because the FCC doesn't regulate billboards. Remember the ad that read we got balls that was pulled last year because are they're complete by you? Yes, we do remember that. Donnie Shalaili. Unfortunately, I didn't have a pair of her self. Very sad. Contrary to most of the rumors. 560560 pound 560. We can put that up anytime you want. Eric, that'll get you out. And you can concentrate entirely getting in touch with Scott in New York. Who made you on the phone right now? QAM, hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Hey, you were talking earlier about Owen Wilson. You didn't know who he was. I have no idea. Okay. And he's in the new York. I know Big Wilson. I know Big Wilson and Carney Wilson and Brian Wilson and Don Wilson. Mr. Wilson. Okay. Well, Owen Wilson. Woodrow Wilson. Wilson Phillips. Right. Well, actually Wilson Phillips. That was the other didn't you mention her. Right. Yes, we did. Okay. But anyway. I'm not trying to side tracking out of where you think Woodrow Wilson. Right. I said, Owen Wilson is in the new Storky and Hutch movie with St. Miller. I'm so sorry. I can't stand then still. He was also in the. What he, the Rush Hour movies with Chris Tucker. No, no, no. No, no. No, he was in the Jackie Chan movies. The Shanghai and Shanghai news. I definitely don't know who it is. Okay. Also, you were talking about the condos freezer. I mean, condo, leisure, right? Yeah. You know, well, here's what I understand. Okay. This woman has been talking all over all these talk shows and everything just blah blah blah blah. And, you know, then when we're talking when we have this commission that is trying to do something vitally important for the future of America and the heel wounds that are gazing in some of these families in all of these families. You know, even the ones who support Bush, they want answers. Yeah. And here she's using this separation of powers thing, you know, right. You used to hammer Clinton over and everything. And, and they're, you know, and she's saying, well, you know, I'll talk, but I'll cry if it's not a piece of line bitch is what she is. Yeah. I've had one of it said that. Yeah. I've had a happy hand. I'm proud to say it. Great day, pal. Thanks, lot. And don't say it again. Oh, a speaking of insensitivity. US president George W. Bush has sparked a political firestorm by making a joke about the Fated Fied weapon to mass destruction in Iraq. And a black tie dinner for journalists, Mr. Bush narrated a slideshow, poking fun at himself and other members of his administration. One picture, Mr. Bush looking under a piece of furniture in the oral office, at which the president remarked, those weapons to mass destruction got to be here somewhere. After another one showing him scouring in the corner of a room, Mr. Bush said, no, no, happens over there he said. And a third picture this time showing him leaning over a period on the screen to President Mr. Dissert, maybe under here. The audience at Wednesday, 60th annual dinner of the radio and TV correspondence association obviously thought the quip hilarious they were left all around. But in the next morning in the cool line of day things look far less amusing. The joke about the fruitless search for Iraqi WMDs. So far, Washington's prime justification for the invasions that dreaded as tasteless, and the old judge. Families of the dead's family of soldiers are a pissed off and fired up. John Kerry is pissed off and fired up. He said, the president's even more out of touch than we thought. Unfortunately for the president, this is not a joke. The next fear factor, Old Samantha proved by the FCC seal of Good White Housekeeping. We locked that CC chairman Michael Powell in a room with nothing but a screen that flashes pictures of booze. See this mic? This is a booze, myty. A booze. Stop this filter off by you. See this one? See this one here, myty? It's a bumper sticker for the fight again. It's a breast cancer. It will be away from me. My gill is sick. Here's my breast. Here factor with my go-powl. Must see T-D for the minds of ignorant little babies. Brought to you by direct TV. Now with over 200 channels of garbage. 1032 at 560WC. Just we need to put fart sounds on that pool. Okay, that'll get a few. Okay. Fart sounds. There's ludicrouss that is, of course, it's just, but like I said, I got too very exciting emails from my attorney. Norma Kempis morning, you finally discovered that the earth is round. That was very good. What a sad sense. No, it's just pathetic. He's so embarrassing. I'm humiliated and degraded for him. So far behind the situation. He's the kind of guy that'll call you. In other words, everything is going long just fine. Oh, you need me for anything? Oh, no, not really. Get out of here. Get lost. And then, of course, when the sky is falling, and every day we're getting more and more, the things we can't play and things we can't say, and we can't do this, and we can't do that, and you certainly can't say, f**k that. He's discovering things that we talked about weeks ago. That's okay, Norma. That bad weed will do it to your brain every time. Join George tomorrow from 11 to 100 Bill Cyles Boulevard of Savings on Northwest 36th. Just west of 27th Avenue, and we stop by to win prizes and enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs. Get there early because the Center to Guy is very popular there when he brings the free food and they hop on it. See. And from 2 to 4 tomorrow, at Lee Miles Transmission. What are you? Me? Wow. Double header for George tomorrow. Two to four, three miles Transmission located at 1.8313 South-Xie Highway, stopped by the Spin the Qm Veele, and enjoy some food from Huligan's pub. I'll be so proud of you. That we can't say on the Albee say, yeah, at the Eparys center. In fact, I think what you'll be a good idea is, like make up a list of all the things we can't say, or the words anyway. A lot of the whole thing. Can't make a list of all the bits we can play, because that would be in the thousands. I still, I don't think I'm going to recover. No. All day today, from what you told me. A lot of people think you must have some kind of a put on. What? What do you expect? Because it is ridiculous. Yeah. That's why people are so including me, so pissed off and fired up about it, because it is ludicrous. It just, it just came out of nowhere. All on the heels of the Janet Jackson Super Bowl Boobi trap, which that's an excuse, that all of a sudden we're just going to start making up new list of things that are obscene and indecent and coarse language. This is madness. Now, keep checking my email. There I don't see anything from the air work about the hearing from Scott in New York. We'll give them through the end of the day today, and if, I don't know, maybe we'll have to brainstorm something else. Because he's got such a great, huh? Right. We'll do something. He's, no, he's got such a great start there with 160,000 signatures, but I mean, if we can't find out what the deal is, and we can't get in touch with him. We're certainly going to go back to start collecting money and running ads and newspapers, and then find out that he's, who knows what? You know, maybe he was on a bad acid trip that day. I don't know. Three exhausted and dehydrated Cuban refugees were spotted bombing on intertubes and rough waters just off, largely, by the sea, early yesterday afternoon. As rescue a newshuttle copter is hovered overhead, good Samaritan's and rescue workers venture into the water to pull two of them out of the beach, a block north of the 90-po-of commercial boulevard. Why does it say in the Sun's and article, good Samaritan's in capital letters, capital G, capital S? Can you explain that to me? No. The third was plucked out of the water by the Coast Guard west of Armafr, the north. Three of them made it and five of them died. Their journey turned tragic less than two days after they set off for Florida. Of course, with most people, their journey to Florida gets tragic once they get there, but that's another story. 5-670-560, pound-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, with all the censorship which are neoscomedy bits or songs or sounds what you missed the most. WQA, hello. Yes, sir. I want to tell you, I wrote a Scott making a suggestion for his website, and maybe they could include a webboard where users could correspond and maybe set up organized and find a way to call on the radio station so otherwise they get to work out. And he's fine to me, but I think he's maybe just really busy with all the responses got from the site. But that was a good idea to go. Well, when you say busy, busy doing what he's using, this is all automated. He doesn't have to do anything. He's using some other service that does all of this with the code and that's all automatic. Well, yeah, I understand, but I'm sure the guy has like a real job and this is not his full-time job as a bunch of his website and his email. Right. With a hundred of signatures, a three-cut couple of stuff. You know, he's up to the box and he hasn't had a chance to get through. Could be. I'm saying he returned my email to the guesting that he put a webboard on two days ago, but the website started getting quite a few days ago too. But I'm not sure if he was there. I understand because you got a bad phone or it's windy. He did or he did not return your email. He did return my email two days ago. I see. And what did you say? Well, he thanked me for the suggestion and said he was busy trying to get the other to form letters that people could forward to to people on their email list. Well, that's a good sign name. Okay? Maybe Eric, I'm thanks a lot, Pally. And get out of the wind. Feel that wind tunnel. Let's see, can you still play President Dumbshmit if not to my choice? Yes, the answer is we can still play it. Because there's a good leap in there, right? There's some good leaps. Damn, good. Some good leaps. Oh, sorry. Yeah, watch yourself now. Mark put that in a cookie jar. They're also to play a bell jar, Jack. Stick your edges head in it. Here's a fact that says I was talking with my mother last and I'd say the very good poor regarding this whole Republican versus Democrat thing. I don't want to read this whole thing. If we could use the quote from Rodney King, can't we all get along? Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye. You go on for decades. But I'm packing my bags and moving them Mexico since everyone else is moving here. Love your show. Listen on the internet every day. Send a facts down and then. Best regards, Steve. Thank you, Steve. But boy, long and upon, risk just calm down. And we'll see in the mecoco city. Not me. I wouldn't go there if you pay me by the second. I heard bad things about Mexico. Like the cab drivers like a trip to the Rochmote. You check into the cab. You never check out. Yeah, at least not alive. I heard there's Mexican there. Let's see. The streaming is down. Says Joe. I had to hook up my walkman to my computer speakers here. Work, but it's since it's in the building. The streaming is down. Hey. Oh. But I hear humming and snap crackling popping and static hiss in the back row. It's almost unlicinable. I love the torch of my Republican co-workers. Get my Democratic co-workers pissed off and fired up. Says Joe. Well, nice going Joe. Whatever you mean. I've never been talking about. That is a lot of static and crap. And it's human. Right? It's human. Human. And it's been raining and pouring and all of these things. Me and time. I thought we were going to get 80 trillion calls on this thing. All of these comedy. I guess the course they don't know which ones we can't play, but just stop and figure it out. It doesn't take a rocket sign as to figure it out. Let's think about it. Right. Put on your thinking cap. We can't try six. 74 votes. The sofa. King has got 25. 95. Cool Psalm. 24. Cool Psalm. Parade is got 10. Farts on seven. Trausy proud six. What is Memphis one? And it's 16. One. We're streaming. We are. So, what's your talking about? What are you talking about, Joe? I think you got static in your brain in two cabasas. That's the problem. FWQM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I think. I OD. We don't talk about that place. That's a toilet. That's a right wing bastard of Lumi's. Yeah. I OD. Oh, that was one of your people, by the way. My. And look. Oh. This is for 25. You. You. You. You. Nation. Some say there is no way to preserve our healthcare system. But one man has found a loophole. A back door, if you will. If it isn't. Get it. The Richard Simmons. HMO. I know it sounds like there's an omniscient, but there's not. With Richard Simmons, HMO. You'll get medical care in a festive atmosphere. Look. The Gwen hospital gown. And since Richard's always been a hands-on practitioner, he knows how to turn a profit while you turn your head to cost. And again. Can you put me for 20 minutes? Other HMOs worry about mounting hospital costs, but Richard Simmons is only worried about mounting patients. And over the table, this one only takes a second. Oh, my. And if you sign up now, you'll get absolutely free. Richard's new exercise video. Swatting from the prostate exam. Richard Simmons. HMO. Line up now. I'm going to be the biggest age HMO you've ever seen. I think you already are. Anyway, speaking of Richard Simmons, you saw this story. I'm sure. Saw it. I heard it all the time. Slip in the face. Exercise guru Richard Simmons allegedly slapped a man who made a sarcastic remark about one of his videos. I'll tell you, that's got to be any ego that you ever had. If you get bitch life by Richard Simmons, then you've got to go and hide the rest of your life. Just slap. Simmons known for his sweating of the oldies series of exercise videos set to songs from the 50s and 60s. Was cited for Mr. Mead Resolve. A fellow passenger recognized Simmons on Wednesday night of Phoenix's sky-harbor international airport as he was waiting for a flight to LA police said, The man, made it off the head, combat. He says, Hey everybody, it's Richard Simmons. Let's drop our bags and walk to the 50s. Mr. Simmons took its section of the statement walk over to the other passenger and apparently slapped him in the face. The passenger wasn't injured but told police intended to file charges against Simmons 55. Osbourne said Simmons was cited for Mr. Mead Resolve and permitted to board his flight. I didn't know we needed a plane. What a piece of turn here. He's still saying, You know, we're doing this wrong. It's my fault, my bad. The pool today. Okay. No, we're doing a wrong because they don't know what we need to do, which will save us from a lot of a pain in the ass calls is continue what we're doing the other day. And then as we get to ones that we can't play, I add them on the list. And we can do this as part of like a 10-part series. And then we can have like a runoff at the end. Take the top five from each day. See what I'm saying? Right. Build it. Huh? Like we did with the music stuff. Although this is much more entertaining than the music stuff because they hate my music. Well, too bad. Raspberry. That's one thing we always have to, I realize it's juvenile and childish, but I'm telling you right now. Oh yeah. Dickens cider. Get that on your right away, Josh. Fine. Sponsor by the way. Right. It's one of our sponsors but we can't play the bit. Dickens cider. Let's see. Here's one that says I used to play the crepitation contest in the car. My son was younger and he was winding and crying. He would immediately start laughing and laughing. This whole situation is pathetic. Says Dr. Ben. I don't think we can play that either. Can we? Ben? Dover? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I have to listen to it. Well, we'll take a couple more calls. But I think let's see. You got that on there. I don't know. But there's no can play that. That's all my good things. But it's our part. Yeah. Extra-tory activity. So that's gone. And Dickens cider is gone, which we have to articulate any nonsense very clearly. To make sure you understand we tend to, cramp. No bad words. No dirty words. This is pathetic. Okay. The sofa King has got 45. Well, hear that, no, no. Out of 1203 votes. The I-95. Absolutely. Song. His got 3. It does begin with an A. The Fartsons 24. F-holezone parade has got 10. Trausy trout 10. What is it meant to say? 1 and it's 16 only 1. Well, take a few calls. But I think I'm a bit like we can put the abortion shuffle on there. Right? Right? Abortion shuffle. You can add that one on there because we listen to some of that the other day. About this much. And that was enough. How about a QAM? Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. I will very much miss cowboy Richard. Very much. Okay. That was a great, great bit long gone. I also wanted to tell you that I signed into the stop FCC.com. And I was wondering, when somebody would stop a stop the right wind.com because I will sign that a thousand times. And I also had an idea for a call for you. I'm just full of stuff today. Excuse me. Yeah, sounds like it. I had an idea for a poll when I almost had an accident and was on the fourth at gunpoint to go into a Walmart. My idea for a poll is what business would you not patronize under any circumstances? And top of my list would be Walmart. Amen. I'm right there with the sister. That place is Walmart and Echord. So, yes, I groomed the I don't go to Echord anymore. I'm a Walgreens person. Echord's is L. Antichrist, oh man. I love this one. I love you guys too. Thanks, we are. Have a great day. See you. See you. See you. Okay. cowboy Dix Ice Cream. We can put that on. Unless we can't play it. But we can put on. Let's not actually say it. Now. Let's see. I guess I'm going to get back to the abortion shuffle. I don't think this is a better way to do it. Sure. Because the other way is to have passion. Although, there are people like this lady who is very astute. But they're not going to remember the 85,000 bits we got in here. How could they win it? And when they find out, all the different ones that we can't play anymore, that's when they're going to start getting pissed off and fired up. How many QA and hello? I guess you're the best. How are you? Pretty good. Great. What's the status of the moment? Because I'm showing you going to miss the moment you can't play. Most of those, I don't think we're going to be able to play no more. You know? Yeah, rendezvous and Chris. No, you won't hear that no more. Yeah. And we went, John, you there? I'm not sure. I have the shield so far to see if any comment. Excellent. Yeah, pretty good. What are the sopranos? He's gone. He's there in another call. The sopranos are our craftas here as well. I'm here. And last year. So now let's see. How do we do that? Because almost all the mobids will have to listen to my guess. Right? Now we know. What does that one call? Let's see. How are David, uh, Chris and around? I don't know. No. Or maybe it's just called. Yeah, that's it. What's just happened there? I don't know. Don't tell me this thing. Just, oh, I see. I haven't gotten a job by Chris. Yeah, see. Ah, there you go. He doesn't know Chris. I hadn't got rid of Animal Rhea. With all the respect. What about I die. Yeah. All right. Well, the good news is, here's some good news. There isn't too much. But we can still believe it or not play. I can't find it. You see, maybe they already took it out. Oh, no. You are joking me here. It may be advantage to all that stuff. How is that possible? We're looking for it. I'm looking for the OI. I don't want to, you know. It's, oh, there it is. Oh, there it is. Oh, no. Oh, no, no, no, no. Wow. Panics set in. Holy moly. This is, this is quite like a cleansing experience man. Cleansing. How do you QM hello? New Rogers? Speaking. Hey. What about the, uh, gas branch? Gas square dance. Can't play that normal. No, hey, this is a time from, uh, Desk rate. That's right. Hey, Tom, how's it going? Pretty good. Are you doing pretty good? They had a little bit of a blurb there yesterday, but not, not too much. All right. Well, it's, uh, too bad you can't play all the fun stuff anymore. That's right. They've taken a fun out of life. Taking play the, uh, the Burton noises instead of the fart? It's a lot of times say how to my forensic port. I mean, say how to a f***er to inform you, okay? I will do it. See you, Tom. Bye. Oh, boy. He's in Detroit. They still laugh at him. I'm pleased to hear that. That's good sign. You know, he must have a great sense of humor. Because if you're in Detroit, you still laugh. Here's a guy. This is a great story. You facts me. Richmond, Virginia. His devotion to what TV crime show helped Dan Leach. Kill his pregnant girlfriend. It avoids suspicion, police ideas today. But a movie led him to confess. All right. You see how to load works in mysterious ways, right? Overwhelmed after viewing the past of the Christ, the 21 year old Rosenberg man. There's a place in Virginia called Rosenberg. I don't think there's any Jews there, though. Anyway, a told Fort Bend County detectives that he had strangled his girlfriend, and made her death appear to be a suicide after she told him she was pregnant with his child. The past of the Christ moved him spiritually, sheriff detective, Mike Kubrick said of actor director Mel Gibson's controversial film. He wanted redemption. He's in the county jail to move $100,000 bail. How did he like that? He felt compelled to come forward with this. He didn't really express any remorse for the victim, but he just had to come forward and cleanse his soul. He was compelled. That's enough. Okay, let's get back to the abortion shuffle. Now I'm getting alphabetical order. So I will be like kind of mix and match. We'll get some suggestions from the audience. And we'll go through this thing and maybe audition a few more. Duff like that he said he like peedness pants. For stuff, peesiness pants every day is what I'm here. And other things. By the way, we're going to have a look at the rest of the day. And we'll have a look at the rest of the day. We'll have a look at the rest of the day. If you're on the show, we'll have a look at the rest of the day. But there's so much of that. We'll have a look at the rest of the day. We'll have a look at the rest of the day. more. Dough life that he said he liked Pete in his pants for stuff business pants every day is what I'm here and other things. 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and see it's a good thing they took those sounds away because in the old days back in the day when I could play those sounds as if just a few days ago after I would have said that I'd played one of those then they wouldn't know the other things say would have been bad. WQAM hello. Hey guys, pick a nail. Speaking. Hey, nail, let me turn this down. I'm calling you from CFI just want to let you know that we're on the FCC website. Right. And we're promoting it everywhere. Also there is a couple of chief channel stations that are promoting it too. There was a guy that called up the Philips Flaw out in Orlando saying he and you were talking about it and he started promoting it. Nice car Jim. And he's a big band of years. I know that he's a one a big. He's a good guy. And I picked up your station all the way up to Bartos. Wow. You've got a pretty good figure out there. Except the other data Broward you can't hear it at all but when you get to Bartos man, we're dynamite. Also you can still play the wrist in the right. I'm pretty sure he's as clean as it gets. Okay. And can I say that the FCC is a defense bag? No. Too bad about that one, huh? That's another word you can't say. He said the D word as in bad. Can't say that. Which our realizes unbelievably childish and juvenile and pathetic and tragic. But we need the money. My name is Axen Thall and the number one question I get from men is I've sent all how do you get so many women and the number one question from women I get is. I don't think we can play that either. Can we? I don't think so. No. Anyway, I'll listen to it during the break. 5. Local. 6. 6. 5. 6. 3. 2. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 5. 4. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 4. 3. 3. 4. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 4. 4. OK. That just sends me a take. Just for a little bit of humor, OK? That was 86. It was 71. I'm seeing it. It was whoever his name was, but boy, he probably tried hoping we could get to. And now what does this take? Can I explain the Monday night schedule? What does that mean? Monday night schedule, this coming Monday night. Oh, look at that! Terrence, no wonder he's out stick today. He's under the weather. Monday night, March 29th, you won't want to miss this. Mr. Panther preview with 7 7 30 the Carolina Hurricanes at the Carolina Panthers So it's gonna be no it's gonna be hockey and football mixed together. I mean you know hockey season's almost over anyway And Carolina you're gonna make it gonna be football and hockey Great, I'll be there for that great You're gonna be football on ice is what it's gonna be By the way, I think that's got's okay. I'm I'm cuz Eric just Send me a copy of the email he sent him only 20 minutes ago and the guys obviously Because I got a really great article that he linked where it says read the latest news Okay, Senate targets TV violence which I hadn't even seen this Which I'll get to in a minute, but it's more more the same crap. There's just no ending to it Frank and Melbourne says I miss the f-word bit Let's see that. Yeah, you won't hear that no more. So that's when you ought to put on there the f-word Yeah, if can be a yeah, yeah, can you still belt your sneeze we can belt the sneezing I'm not sure of Or cop up a big one grim days ahead says Frank and you are absolutely correct But the good news is dick-large story is gaining traction and maybe soon we'll hear a national While talking head posed a question could W stop 9 11 who wasn't fixated on Sodom Then it's only a small step to the accusation that his administration could have in his cup of before 9 11 And you know what Frank and Melbourne you are My stop Frank now Bill cigar daddy and Bocca says he'll cigar is forbidden which he most definitely is Can you even begin to imagine that I don't think you're a lot of imagine it? No Then that's his choice, but also we'll put this one on there too since it's one of my choices anybody f-bees right We were talking about that before to show the other day. I love that now now that's not what it's called it's called little bitty Where's it? Well, I was gonna put it with you Little bitty diddy is what it's called a big I was a few Little bitty diddy diddy diddy diddy or didney For the team I'm thinking to myself I'm real quick with a finger here. I'm like like I did the other day with a money Python thing Although it's got a leap in already, but I didn't take no chances Maybe we can do this should we give it a try go for you. You got we've done it if I fail right Like I said We didn't get too far did we Little bitty diddy I guess put that one. I know that's enough It says I'll dent his his I'll definitely miss the mo you Hold drop Yeah, well, Mr. Lot because he says it with such great emphasis, you know, with such a tremendous enthusiasm Yeah, I would a lot of um When Moses yeah Yeah Oh, we do better than that you yeah Oh, god, this is insanity and My lawyer is emailing me about stuff that happened 85 years ago bank get a life normal. Okay. What is your problem? I have no right. I know that good. Oh, jossle one elders. That's a very good one somebody facts is in sure See Run You got a bad case of the cross-crickets. I love that that's one of my favorites. What here that no mole Does that mean we can't even read that children's book or the title of it What children's book is that the line the first line in the facts is the name of a children's book I see well the answer is no Now, Joe if this do you send me anymore facts is from this Joe who would just to can't figure out how to hear the Estation online. I can't be bothered about your technical problems, don't get a life That's my comment to you get with it now. Here's this article That's Scott on the stop at CC.com petitioning it. It was there's a link to it Or it's his read the latest news Senate targets TV violence panel approved measuring company cable and satellite. Were you aware of this? No, nor was I Dragging a dragging cable TV in the wildly escalating fear over programming content. I think fear is a good word to use as in let's go step The Senate Commerce Committee approved legislation last week to regulate violent content on television Were the re-regionates on broadcast pay cable or satellite TV? Pay cable or satellite TV. This is unbelievable. We have viz the major sponsored by Senator Ernest Hollings Redneck Democrat A South Carolina Seattle. This is nay Republican against Democrat thing. It's a neanderthal again Living and breathing people with balls thing and unfortunately in the Congress there aren't too many living and breathing people much less with balls The members included is it was the measure rather was included as an amendment on legislation to crack down on off-color broadcast by raising the maximum cap on fines for In-Decency violations to a half a million dollars and luck. I keep telling you why not make it 10 trillion Until last week the legislation approved in the committee by a 23 to oh margin apply only to programming a broadcast radio and TV But in a surprise twist even Chubby Chekka was shocked Approved in the the Hollings amendment level the playing field among broadcasts cable and satellite TV at least for TV violence If the legislation is ultimately enacted into law it will represent the first time the federal government has directly regulated cable and satellite TV's programming content And you know what happens after they do that don't you? No, why then they say no sexual content then we get all the same stuff that we're getting on broadcast same stuff This is called opening the door Cable TV industry lobbyists by Tefalty and issued a focusing their energies are getting the provision Act when the house and satellite leaders are expected to meet the conference to work out the differences between the house and Senate In decency bills as we know In the cable industry's favor is that the house version of an decency legislation approved 391 to 22 last week did not include a violence prohibition because we know in America violence is good Sex is bad and bad words, of course House leaders including representative Fred up to Republican initiative made it clear that they would prefer that legislation target Target broadcast and decency alone at this point. It's my hope that will come to consensus and send a streamlined bill to the president to be send it law Said representative up yours We oppose this amendment said Brian deets spoke to the National cable and telecommunications association We can imagine why but Senator Hollings has been tearing from the Senate the end of his term has been prompt promoting similar anti violence initiative for years He's also expected to be assigned to the conference committee for the indecency bills So some sources say it might be hard to knock out the violence provision which means if you have cable reset Like will you be able to see terminated Rocky anything with like a little a little now, no, which would seem in slap in that kind of face Monkey see monkey do children will mimic what they see on TV said the unshift Senator Hollings I just couldn't stand by and do nothing. That's exactly what he said. I just couldn't stand by and do nothing Said the right next senator from South Carolina Assuming the legislation is enacted the violence probation which is supposed to target only excessive or gratuitous violence is not automatically enacted It is only supposed to go to effect if an FCC study confirms that V chip technology and voluntary industry programming ratings that allow parents to block objectionable programming on TV Are not already effectively protecting children a case that Senator Hollings maintains is already been clearly and repeatedly made The prohibition is also supposed to be in place during hours when children are reasonably likely to comprise a substantial portion of the audience under the FCC's existing indecency regulations that period is defined as the hours between 6 a.m. and CTAs Mr. Deets said the prohibition raised constitutional concerns as the us Supreme Court is found The subscription nature of cable service and the ability of cable customers to block unwanted programming through the use of tools offered by Local cable system strongly differentiated cable from broadcasting which is distributed free and unfilled over the air Mr. Deets said As announced two weeks ago and legislative members of Congress and FCs each yearmen the unshous Michael Powell the cable industry has committed to further Increases efforts to educate customers about using the tools available to them to block programming they found unsuitable for their families From a first amendment standpoint we continue to believe that there are less intrusive means to accomplish the objective Submitment Senator Hollings also introduced an amendment that would have required cable operators to offer their programming all a cart allowing consumers to buy and pay for all the programming they want Proponents are give the provisions need to be developed and so we could determine what cable programming they allowed at their homes Senator Hollings with you the measure after became clear we didn't have the votes In other prokive cable Senator John Brode in the credit of Louisiana Offered an amendment that would have subject to basic cable and satellite TV program for the first time To the same in decency rules and penalties that broadcast just face it was defeated by one vote 12 to 11 so far, but just wait In addition Senate Commerce Committee Chairman John McCain released a test of legislation that would force cable operators to offer their programming all a cart A measure for which the senator said to be planning hearings Gene Kimmelman Consumer's union senior director public policy in advocacy said watch dog groups will be lobbying the Senate to include amendments to the indesensible on the Senate floor That would require all a cart and instead the broadcast indesensible regulations to cable and satellite more fun to come Mr. Kimmelman said I'd be like that that would extend the broadcast indesensible regulations to cable and satellite Oh my god holy crap Oh Okay, I don't panic Hey guys, you want to cheer up Have rid me sit on you Make that all back to clear When rid me sit on you La Forget about your white Girl for now say You're really Terry Imagine the viewer couch When The great means is on you. She's loung. Folding lawn chair. Bicycle built for two. Double not to bite on you when we're in the system. The shoulders at the beach. Because she wants the brand new face. In your dreams. Okay. That was magnificent. I feel like I just ran a four minute mile or something. That was an exercise I needed in there. Woo! Man, that was something. Something. No, no, seriously. If we had the manpower with our gigantic staff. Oh yeah. With all the assistance we get from QIM. My greatest busy I did a very jackass. I can't say that. Wow. I was there at the hero. If we had a little assistance. We could go through these and make them even more humorous than they were in the first place. But I just taken awards out. I live in danger. It's kind of fun. But that was a great experience. It was very rewarding to me. Anyway. With all the censorship, which of Neil's comedy bits or songs would you miss the most? Sofa King 84. The I-95. Whole song 50. Farts sounds 45. Dickens Cider 20. Whole song parade 17. Founds of the crowd 11. Bill Cigars 6. Cowboy Dick's Ice Cream 4. Gaze Square Dance 4. The F-4. 3. Jostlyn Elders 3. What is the Memphis 3? It's 16. He's got the 2. Abortion shuffle 1. And none yet for a little bit he did he, which I'm out of 257 votes. That is bad. You know what? I can't believe that. Nobody likes that? I must be the only one. I love that. This is like a white sap, but the price for Bobby Bell. Let's pick it up Bobby Brown. Even though that's not really our bit, but it says songs. How about Bobby Brown? Frank Sapo? Okay, put that on there. What do you think? We're doing it. We're putting it on. I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kind of bad. I got my smell from home. I love my dress and for my dress. I've got a thoughty like a driving rain you've had. When it's cold outside, use my hair. I'm feeling like I'm blowing your ear, give you a lap dance. But you won't notice me to like get some influence. I need a guy who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest and find in tissues. I say I'm cute. This am frifty. I'm the one who needs your pity. I've got a nice ass and for like his seat. But I can't get him in because I got no. Oh, that's me. How go, Chip? Yeah. Under broad. It's something I can't afford. When you lay on me, you'll swear you're on a diving board. When I turn the leaven, I started to get fused. Now I'm 24 and so waiting on my boots. You're saying cute. This am frifty. I'm the one who needs your pity. I've got a nice ass and for like his seat. But I can't get him in because I've got no. Water pipe. I know. I got no tip. I've got no. Absolutely. No. No. No. Oh. Holy. Holy. Man, I have worked as hard a hundred years. We've got a better at it. I'm getting really good at it. My finger is so fast. It might be obscene. Man, that's not real. It's indescent. Yeah. I know about that. That's what you think. Let's say here's one that says from Mark. It says a few Donald Duck. Go here, Donald Duck. And I want to say that thing called Donald Duck. Feels good. That little duck feels good. Well, not anymore. Doesn't. I feel like you're that freeway and spigot. Move here. No, my young Neil. I don't understand why we wouldn't have you on meal. I think you say something in there. No, I say do do ahead. You can say do do ahead. Yeah. I can't think of it now. Trausure trout is on there. Oh, that's your buddy. Pierre. Well, thanks. Wow. We. And what's all this propaganda? I used to set this along because how many times you've got to send me to schedule here? This is the updated one's policy. Why see to one, it doesn't say the Carolina Hurricanes at the Carolina Panthers? Because that was too embarrassing even for Clarence and Muff. So now it says the Carolina Hurricanes at the Florida Panthers. And let me say it again. In case anybody missed in the beginning of the show, you are a disgrace. You're a total butlick man. You're a tragic. Can I say that? No. You're a total. Look. Talk about a suck up man. I did have never heard so much suction in my life. That was tragic. Oh, it was very successful season. I mean, you know, we like to play the playoffs. We all want to make the playoffs means more money for me. Ha ha ha. But that. Oh, come on. 14 points behind the Islanders. They were mathematically eliminated. More a couple of days ago. And give me a song in the answer about how they really were in contention. Were they ever really seriously in contention? No. Were they ever really just a couple of points out of playoffs? No. No. And yet they got a lot of good younger setting players. There are several problems with the organization. Number one. Nobody knows who the players are 90 percent of them. Number two. They don't have any offense. Number three. They have no defense. And if they didn't have a Bertol Alwongo making 40 50 saves every night, they'd lose almost every game. So what are you talking about, guilty? Your season ticket base. You can't all and guess what I accomplished something, I think. Remember I talked about the Lexus parking zone? Right. Well, guess what they moved it in it. They gave back to the general public who pay extra for their park and spots for the preferred parking. They gave them back those spaces, which they should have had in the first place. After I've written out of them about that. Huh. And the Lexus park and spots are back down the highway there bit. So it's about time somebody started outing them for the incredibly grotesque and a fan on for the things they do. Seriously, I in my life I've never seen a town where there are more fan on friendly things down to the public. The dolphins, I mean, that places like that. That places like the mafia run out of it. You give me dirty luck. You blow your brains out. It's like the Gestapo. So it fits right in I guess. And it seemed to be panther organization where there was under Wayne or Alan Coan, they'd make any difference with the owner was they still just don't know how to treat the public right. You go in your early. You sit down the noises blasting. You feel like rush limba. You feel like pop in a couple because you can't hear anything. No mole. Can't believe. Listen to Jim says no one's mentioned best bit ever. Casey's death dedication. Right. Now what is it in there that we can play? Is he sure? A lot of bleeps. Casey Kissham and I got. There are a lot of bleeps. A lot of really good ones. You know good. Casey Kissham. Come on. Come on. Casey Kissham. That's what that's called. Right. KIs. It says my vote for time. Man of the year. Richard Clark. We're American. I score. There's a guy. What? Casey Kissham and Casey. Kis. I think we can still play Casey Kissham. That's what he's talking about. Oh no. You're right. Kissham. The death dedication is. I think that's what I think about. Casey Kissham. Casey Kissham. Casey Kissham. Kis. Is the one we can't play. Right. But Casey Kissham. We can play. I do believe in fact. I think we will. Just an honor of Bob and Tom and Luba the old days. Back in the day when we had freedom of speech. I'm on and move. This is for 20. You. Yeah. Holy Macanod. This is Joe Bowen. The voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. Go on and change to me. This Sunday on TV. The bandishotters so meant the carry. And the funny sense of difference still fell through. No bad program I will ever see. Will man sexy the city. No bad by sexy the city. Oh right. It's so long to miss you baby. Man so domestic pigs. I didn't like it from the very start. But now I hope that he was carry. Yeah. The richly cost me a bite. It okay, Mark. We'll miss that Sunday city. But by sexy the city. Some of the shows might be a little bit cleaner than this one. But the most suspenders will do. Maybe the time that they could ever grab me like they will do. Yeah. It's true. So thank you, Wayne. To be old. Oh. For giving us these shows. I still wish it didn't have to go. But I sexy the city. So long to lose you. Bye bye. We'll miss that Sunday. Look for the 3, 27, over 5, 60 WQM ad dog at 2 the Humphority nest at 100 tennis open at 4, 650 up inside the batter's box. Which evidently is the really nifty name we got for the hurricane's baseball pregame show, and the state at Miami at Marquette Stadium at 7. Who is it? Any K after the baseball game after that? Believe me. But that's good news about Joe Costello. Come back. And it's especially good news to come back with that Marquette and Burr maybe. Nothing personal. Mark's a good guy. But he has a voice for outside the radio. You know what I mean? Paul. I'm sorry. I was watching TV. Yeah. I mean, I mean, they probably have to use all the DVDs from blockbuster. All the ones that already are edited down. I don't even think you can say. I don't get how many day go get any walk, grease ball, come and watch. Come out on the one one. I think you can say that either. So this business of censorship man of a bunch of stuff appointed a good guy. I don't get how many day go get any walk, grease ball, come and watch. I think you can say that either. So this business of censorship man of a bunch of stuff appointed a grandized lunatics where just this is this is so great in the election year. All the problems of society, all the ills, all the things that are gone wrong. It's already on television's fault. And even though the same TV programs exactly are on here in Canada and all over Western Europe, just about all over the world. And those people aren't like killing each other with some market rate. This had our 15th homicide of the year here in Toronto and they're all been out of shape about it. At the end of March almost it's three months. So I'll talk about that times four. And you got about 60 or maybe a little more which is what they had last year. You go 60 to do business. I mean, 15. The first three months. You can do that in one good weekend in South Florida. Gallup Pikers. Right. And how is that possible? How come the kids here in our blowing each other's brains out? How come all the people here when they get pissed off about something. They're so, uh, pull out a piece and blow your way. Now, in back in the day, I might have a line about that, but I'm certainly not going to use it now. You can use your imagination, but then you rate. Let's see, O'Kandalisa. Absolutely. It says no question. Let's go. Let's go. What a surprise last night of Pleasantman, firstly fans of Miracle A3. Nothing shut up over the weekend when it home Boston Bruins. Right there in the fleet in the center. So you can still say that. Please, alright. At least as of today, Monday will probably get a memo. Or don't be talking about animals because those go when you're at home. You know, in fact, now what about speaking of animals can we play this? Really? Time for your animal. But geez. What do you think? I think so. I think it's good. Mom, none other animals. Kids, just hate getting animals. And moms hate giving them. But now there's a brand new animal that kids just love. Introducing you, Emin animals. They can't be good at chocolate and other things getting cleaned out fun. Hey mom, can I have another animal? I don't know, Billy, that makes your third animal today. Please, well, okay. Cool. And this time, I want a green one. Oh, sorry, so I took all the green ones. I did my two boys. I'm not just a fair mouth. You, Emin animals. Melt in your butt. Not in your head. See what you see what I mean? What? I had to do with ex-category activity. I mean, even though it's a it's a reach. So to speak. It has to do with a medical procedure. I see. Oh, there you go. That's, that's an excellent, uh, copa. I mean, that's a excellent racialization assessment. Right. Wow. Every single thing we do, everything we play, everything we say now has to be so pure and clean. And we could just dispense with all of this and just go about our business. And I consider and read a lot of boring stuff and be very stentory and talk like this and talk out of the audience. But I don't think we'd have anybody listening at that point. Number two, I don't want to do that. I don't want. I don't want. I don't want. So, uh, I did put cut a lease on there. See. Good. She made, you know, all the people who make me really furious. Yeah. If you take bush out of the equation, which, I mean, he, that, that goes without saying. Uh, besides, uh, solar that, oh, Brian, I'm seeing that. And who I think is the worst bubble hit was ever been put on there to do news. Any, anywhere. I'm Fox. Not seriously. And that's brother. She should be, there should be something put the constitutions. We're going to do all these amendments anyway. That would prohibit solely that old Brian from doing anything on TV, except just, uh, tutoring. Like that. Go on. I'm going to say that. What? I said, no, no, she's, she's a bubble hit. She's an idiot. She's not especially attractive. Number one, number two, she's a silly person. And what did you say this morning? Something about Angela Ray. Yeah, but I was talking about Robin Quivers. Oh, Robin Quivers. What are your goodness? Angela Ray with the, uh, a slightly darker complexion, I guess. More fat. Oh, man. But to solely that old Brian, she should be, I mean, Patel Brian, he was fat, but he was a good actor. Right. Edmond O'Brien was a great actor, character actor. Hmm. She's a, what other old Brian's? Conan O'Brien? Well, he was here a few weeks ago. And I made a big stink about that, but he brought a lot of money to the city. Got all the French convenience pissed off. But of course, they were excited about that. We'd like it when they pissed off their drugs. Like that dummy Denise Poppain would have more on that is. But at any rate, Condolisa just crossed my ass. She is, did, seriously. Did you see that keep showing it again that footage when she was talking to be Purchased two nights ago? Storing out of the White House to have her briefing. She had that look like she just wanted to kick some serious ass man. Just a mean spirited nasty, hateful, highly overrated bitch. Got you right? I'm gonna talk bad about me. Oh, man. She makes me sick. So let's get Condolisa and it'll get a lot of votes. We still can play the water down one. As a matter of fact, I got a great idea. Listen, this is a good idea. You know how they have different pot lighting, with things you put plants in? Yes indeed. But you know what I'm talking about? How about a radio plant a piter, where your water, the plant is on the top of your radio, and your water, water down radio, I like it. You know, you put little few varieties nearer, and these nearer, daffodils or whatever, lielocks? When I lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie. The radio pipe. Sofoking with all the censorship, which of the most common bits of songs really missed the most, the sofa king 96. I-95, pull song 58. Farts sounds 55. Dickens cider 27. Pulls on parade 18. Trausertrout 14. Bill sighars 12. The F-word 10. Just on Elder 7. Cowboy Dick's Ice Cream 6. Donald Duck feels good 5. Gay Square Dance 4. What is an F-3? It's 163. Little bitty diddy's got 3. That's going. Kind of Lisa, we just put it on our Silverdy got 3. That's going to zoom up there. You'll see. Bobby Brown 1. The abortion shuffle won a non-defracacy case in cursing, but screw him. 24-level at 5.60 QAM. 5. Local. Your sports video 5.60 QAM. It's day. It's my every town. But you have 5.60. WQAM. And if he gives him come and tell you why the Maori would with an underdition of America's bottom 40. Want to you buy the oxy-five companies newest at the medication. Oxy-One 5. For a couple of free teenagers. It's no return. It'll be a little quick on the K-Boy. Oh, good joke. We've got a word strong in America and work out them down. Richard Gories are showing them. For some, I'm not raising your buy and I'm using them as a co-cherry. First, what review of the top three songs on the charts? And number three, guns and roses is singing sweet out of mine. Well, if I had a cow around my house today, I'd have been here for a word for lead guitar slash and his cohorts. Stay the hell away. Number two, you will hear it says, there ain't no living in a perfect world. And especially not for you, he leaves and she don't speak proper English. And a number one George Michael sings he's got a monkey on his back. Well, I would imagine it's given a little proud of that character. But then again, you probably don't mind. And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaving instruments called Wraiser. And I want to say that one and lose that silly act here. Other songs on the charts, the band Johnny H.J.S. with one of the heroes moving down on the charts and his everything. So, apparently Johnny also H.M.U.D. I don't think he or his status is him and a Johnny, so get a real job. And there is a song I like, Rod Stewart, Norris Rillies, forever young. And for a moment, I thought was a song about me forever hung. And now a time for a long distance dedication. It comes to us from a listener in Bathardine, the California Ridesjard KC. I'm 16 years old, resident of my class, and six-foot-do. I've brought here, way 175 pounds and started quarterback for my high school team. The KPI have a problem. The girls simply will not leave me alone. It seems as though I'll ray one before he or is my good looks right. That's what's crazy. Why can't they just like me as a friend? Creepy and a person instead of some sex object. And quit hitting upon me all the time. He's seen me have any suggestions. Shine, Todd. Well, here's my answer. They're flaming up. I was tired. I was tired. I was tired. I was tired. I was tired. I was tired. I was tired. I was tired. I was shocked. I was refreshing. I heard some facts. You said I got some good ones on here. It says, a foul mouth dolphin. Don't even count that because we have many people to play that for a year. One time ago, right? Right. And between her thighs. You can forget about that. That's what a lost favor by the way. Like, uh, between her thighs. Says, just wondering. Forget about that. That's from Uncle Melon Pondis. Say goodbye to those. Uh, let's see. Pum, uh, prison vage. No, we can't play prison vage. No more. And yellow light. No, Boca Brides. Gonna have to redo that one. Mark that down on your list for a Boca Brine. A lot of save that rich. See, we can remedy some of these deals with the ones that are like home made. Like, uh, for example, we got him. We had to redo that. Right. What was it that he said in there? Yeah. Oh, that's right. It was about to change anything. Oh, he's, uh, yeah. Right. Something, uh, mufflikes. So, anyway, yellow light. Now we'll redo that. Can't play OZ. They're prison vage. Get that on there right away. Okay. That'll get a lot of votes. That's going to. And that's another Bob and Tom. But can't play that no more. No, no, no chance. No way, Jose. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T for rise and wireless line. W2A and hello. Neil, just sure. I have a little fear list. Okay. I thought, like you said, uh, the butt beat song. The white? The butt beat song. Oh, butt beads. You can't play that. Oh, no. What is it? I'm on this. Me too. That's right. Okay. Okay. Oh, no. Ah. Just nip that in the abut. But. Wow. Ah. Ah. Come on. I'll do it. Now. Well, that's as much of it as you ever go to here. Let's put that way. A little. A little something for, uh, you know, all time safe. Well, we sure going to have a big list here. I knew we would. We can do a server like I said. We'll do this once a week. Cause that. Okay. And then like at the end of a couple of months, we'll take, uh, the top five. From each week. And then we'll like, uh, you have a run off. A little kill a good day. I'm not seeing any response yet from months. Yeah, from on my email, which is really distressing. All it's been, uh, just a little over an hour. Ericating in touch with the Scott. I know Scott, the guy to call me for his got a good point. He's probably got 80 minute emails. Everybody's got ideas. He's got a lot of, you know, bigger fish to fry than us. But it would seem to me that when somebody is offering to raise thousands of dollars to promote this thing and we'd kick start this thing and get an action nationwide, that probably would be something I would pay attention to. So come on, Scott, get with it. Somebody tap on a shoulder and say, get with it, son. And they also don't see any any email on there from the Anches norma can't. Who for a son of strange reason, he's probably still sleeping, you know. He's a man of leisure now that he got his 25 million dollars for some of the fact newspaper. W.M. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Oh, can I say that? Hey, um, today you can say a Monday maybe not. What about the fat, what if you can still play that? The what? Fat, Rosie, a god old tune you got to. Well, let's listen to what we'll see. Well, listen together, how's that? All right. Thanks, Pally. Yeah, good one by you, too. Fat, Rosie, is that what it's called? Fat, Rosie? Fat, ass, Rosie. Oh, fat, ass, Rosie. What would you still say ass a lot today? Why do I mean, once in a while? Now Monday, we may be, maybe they might ask us not to say it. Here we go. We can't play those egg food, we just all play them in. How come we don't have those on there? Now, what's that one called with the apostrophe? What's that one? Anculture, and culture's rancid? Oh, yeah, and culture's rancid. Can't say that, rhymes with the match. And what's there's another encounter, one that we also can't play. It's just called encoters along an culture. Encoder. So get those two on. Speak about that. Oh, fat, ass, Rosie, please go away. Find a new way to attack the big boat. And eat your whole boat. So far. Until you explode. Just like your fat fat choded lady. Well, here's the good one. Greg and Lana Hill says, playing bagpipes. Is that okay? Oh, sure, Greg. You can't see the bite you've seen on a plane. Spend on your fingers that have yellow stain from Cheetos. And you can't see your toes. After piggy poo knows. After the fat disgusting and tasty, oh, oh, oh, oh. You make the show a different way, man. Smile. Play like a cow who's sped and sad. Things will be bad, so we both look at my. Your body cheese smells like a crab. But after it was occupied by head has learned to chew more to get into your car. Cushion too. Oh, my. Oncansquill. Oncansquill. Oncansquill. Fat lady. Even with your feathers. The team. Slyther in it's door to the tree. Between the two. The two. The two. The two. The two. The two. The two. The two. The two. The two. The two. The two. The two. The two. The two. Oh, yeah. Well, god, I got the. I got the. Oh, I came to see those letters together, can I? I can't even get an answer on that. The. Oh, my god. I got that. I was wrong on top of it. Now anyway, for Greg and Waterhill. I didn't voice a girl. Oh, right. There are 55 chances you've got to ever hear that one again. And they all say the same thing. No, none and much less than none. Can we even say chanter? I don't think so. You say canter is an eddy and idakander because that's old time old farts. Can't play farting sounds, but we can say old farts. Oh, this is so pathetic. Maybe now after this show today, maybe the show is going to serve a porpoise. Flip or would say. And that is that it'll finally convince these people after the doubting promises and salais and james that we're not funnled with this. This is a no fun at all. And that you ain't seen nothing yet. They don't get it. And the main reason for that being that the mainstream media, they're like a vote. And you know, especially the TV talking head networks. They're voting this. I mean, you know, what's it? Why do you see a picture of how it's on there for a second or some other, you know, 10 seconds of this? That's it. Then effect them because there be a beyond this. You know, they're a whole year then now. The sof of King 102, the I-95. F-hole song is got 64. Farts on 62. Dickens Cider 32. F-hole song parade 20. Condolize a police in 19. Bill's to-guards 16. Trausy trout 14. The F word. The umptious for bidden F word 11. Charsaline Edwards has gotten yine. Donald Buckfield's good. Well, he's used to it. has been. He's 1. 7 Cowboy dollars paw off. Superkey player. And at 57077 Cowboy도x ice cream, is got seven. Gates squared University w mor ratatives 3, little bit he did he. Ramsey it solder three it 16 3 prison which is already got 3. That's going to zoom up there. name right it is playing bagpipes yellow light and butt beads and encorter and between you guys and got it yet out of 386 don't forget about encorters rancid out there too okay that's a good one you don't what else we won't be able to play I give up Fox News header oh yeah wow we'd be like to but we won't although I don't know should we listen to the bleep something else on here we uh huh I don't know just the other nature of it but just the nature of it tends to be a little bit on the course side of yes me of course hello it beaded well the one hour on wqm time to play and I've seen Steve by and for me feeling so sensitive my show is now stable don't know what you expect me to be but I'm doing my best next take me off my show I've got to go and soon it's got to go everywhere that I say is under the microscope right we got so everywhere we've been so bad everything we've been covering how it's clear and all I want to do is to be more me not afraid that it's coming up for Mary and Scott it's a ghost hey they were good news that's good we by the way Susan Alright! I had a chippney game One day she flew away To Teo on a weather moon is blue Double to choose But with our right wing censorship Boy, I worked in Busson Slider Who do you tell you how I feel for me That's too far in So It's used to pay you to run I'll see you with Teo on a tune Now it's used to pay Tell her I'm a service day And the FCC won't let me sing this Song I wrote today Now it's used to pay Take her hand Tell me say That after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days Oh, with used to pay you We want to That I'll see you with Teo Why not go on a boat A god of Teo on a tune Hey! She's used to wanting to know What about should you see K? No, we don't have to change that And see the problem being You have to be fairly clever Just a little bit clever To understand the nuances And the difference between Can you find anything And that song? It's an actionable? Of course not No Not even close In fact, I'll give you another one Somebody asked me about this yesterday Well, what do you think about this one? No There was no farmer Don't he ride Right? Not even close Because it requires using one's imagination To fill in the blanks And you know So far they haven't said Well, we think we know what you mean Now when we get to that The thought police That's when you won't see me no more You know what I mean? That's tomorrow I'll wait for you across the border A 72 year old woman who described herself as a lifelong cat lick Says a man identified himself as a monsignor From the DICs have seen Petersburg Thread of West communicator After she was injured at a perished bingo game Equipped with lawsuit filed this week In pedalous Pasco Circuit Court over in Queerwater Catherine Robert, who's lasted Rescued at County Records is pedalous Park Oh poor baby Was attending a bingo game June 11th of last year at Sacred Heart Catholic Church in pedalous Park When she was seriously injured As she left the stall And the women's tea room The law states Six weeks later the lawsuit says Robert received a phone call From an individual who identified himself as a monsignor From the chanceary who then threatened her with S communication if she did not stop annoying them And then he was tired of the child related incidents But whatever that means The lawsuit gave no further details about what the collar was referring to Because of the even serious threat of excommunication Robert was caused to receive severe emotional distress This caused angiana attacks And a series of minor strokes with the series concerned for a major stroke law suit said Joe DeFito General Council for Diase He said yesterday that Woodrow hasn't given him the name of the person who called Robert No, whether the collar even has a name Just father Right Yeah, it's not always good but father Just father Father Did you happen all the boy You I'm a Catholic Yeah, they don't necessarily have a name just call him Father Yeah I think I'm losing my mind is what I'm doing whatever little I had left Oh, it's speaking of that story Corner Brook, Newfoundland A Roman Catholic Diases in Newfoundland wants to settle with 36 men who suffered sexual abuse His altar boys between 1961 and 1989 The Supreme Court of Canada reaffirmed lower court rulings that the DICS have seen George's is liable for the sexual assault committed by Reverend Kevin Bennett At least he had a name But the courts had it and have it up information to rule on motherly greater Roman Catholic Church could be held liable I can say that first of all I'm pleased that the determination been made because it allows us not to proceed to the next step Bishop Douglas Cross-Betooled CBC radio A The Bishop said his DICS isn't rich but they'll offer what they can You don't have any dollars I'm pretty mad And that's for the whole bunch of them by the way Splitted up Have a good time Goodbye and ice cream cone Don't forget George tomorrow join him 11 to one at Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings No kid on Northwest 36th street Just west of 27th I have no idea who he is They know it's beginning in place But they'll have a good time seeing George over there Have you been list of all the words that you better stop saying real fast You can win some QM, Chency Prize, enjoy free food From our good friend Ira at Eleni City Substain then Right after that he'll be swinging on over to From 2 to 4 Lee Miles Transmission At 18313 South Tixie Havis stop by the spin the wheel And enjoy some fantastic food from Hulagans pub Free If you get there soon enough Before they as they say in China Hop it all up Did that what they say in China? They did 560560 Palm 560 on the air I think what I'm going to need to do It's a little bit not very manly thing to do But get like one of those little male files And file my finger down Not certainly not the one that Simon Cowell was using Right on American Idol Your dumb out on my index finger To a really sharp point So that I can really get into this thing I'm sure that some people in the building Probably are really nervous Like when we started playing that little bit of Diddy but hey we did the job We diddy diddy diddy diddy We diddy diddy We diddy diddy WDQAM hello Speak to us while we still have the license Hello Not there WDQAM hello Yes sir Yes I am I was wondering if you can still play I was wondering if you can play What is this? Talk with multiple ball Yeah right WQAM hello Hello Neil Yes sir Hi this is Scott I thank you for everything you're doing about the FB system This is Scott Yes How's it going Scott? It's going great isn't it It's going wonderful And I couldn't be happy with your effort I was going to give you a call that a couple of other things too Okay One effort that we're going to have to worry about soon That's freedom That will be the one they're going to try to ban next This is the kind of thing you know And in closing Is that Oh I'm trying It's a Friday after the lunch I'm just trying to eat Is this really Scott now? No no no Not your Scott No no I'm a collarstock Oh collarstock get out of here Oh Oh See Scott wouldn't be caught on that line anyway Cause I'm lying nine The real Scott right Also I'm ready called Not really glad but a little bit glad Because I forgot the good news And it is that Scott he returned Erick's email And he's all for it His website can handle the additional traffic So where I said it's a go let's do it Eric let's do it Do you think? Okay There's still a couple of other things that Erick wants to find out But nevertheless starting next week we'll put this all whole thing together We'll get the answer in USA today We'll raise enough money to get some promotion I think he has awarded it so well What I'll do over the weekend I'll take him put it together But taken from what he's awarded it here Worted it Cause he's done it so well You know fed up of the government deciding what you can watch We didn't listen to yati adi And all we need to do is just quote what he's saying there And then they can sign the petition right in the ad Or they can log on to stop at CC.com And then also I think it's a really good idea to include their The first amendment which we has on his page there right Just remind people what the first amendment says Since most Americans haven't got no idea what it means I got all excited that thought that was like the real Scott And it turns out to be some abonid to try to be a minor league comedian WQAM Hello Yes, yes, sir pretty good You know, I can't tell you I cannot believe that any human being on this earth can tell us That you guys you can't say the bag or F bag Right What was how can they say that? They did very easy you will watch their lips move Why will read the fine print Well, I got one more question for you Can you can you put all those bits like the condolido stuff on your website Cause some of that stuff can you put a billion dollars in a bag and drop that It's small bills of course. Oh my god Oh brother Oh Much better Oh You should be the spirit I can I can't Okay, now I see line line is ringing that could be the real Scott but probably not now there's nobody on it so So Any one Make a new Oh Oh Oh My my And this is for 25 Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Hey Oh Oh Oh Oh You say none or nothing is what they got you Do Can't get any double the low Oh Oh Oh Oh You What they say Like the call Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my her that is one star goose step, you know it yeah practice 1218 and 560 WQM anyway this very jackass column. I'm glad that somebody while I get somebody saw it in the paper, but The Harold website is just like the rest of the newspaper. It is pure on an elevated crap I did a search on very jackass couldn't find it today. I thought how come buried don't have any article in today. Maybe his name is namist thing. I don't know. I'm sure it is And then I just scroll through it says check all the sports stories for today, which is where I usually find buried because they don't like to admit that he really works there. Okay But I just wanted to read this again for anybody who missed it the first time because it is so shocking and amazing. It's astonishing the QM brain trust WQM general mangle or Greg reads that the station is close to which that he gets dolphin contract through 2006 absolutely a coroutine on student season Also read says he's considering former overnight host Joe Castellos bit for re-enstatement read firecast fellow and mark Eisenberg after station employee discovered internet pictures of them would naked women in WQM studio Eisenberg is not a platform for re-enstatement read said on another matter read said he's still exploring whether the station has a realistic chance of acquiring how it's during's morning show Which WQM believes is contractually tactic their channels big one o six even though the station is no longer carrying it Go for babies Can you imagine leading with him? Yeah, big for the two or three days before they had to take this show off. Yeah, that's all we need okay I mean the less said about that whole deal a better. I mean this man must be he makes rush look like a piker, you know what can you imagine the appeals that he's popping Maybe that Broadway play pills a poppin? No, here's the fact it says from Jim who's really chronic. I don't suppose you can play Saddam who say there's a mother Um, any more? No, we can't why don't know how are the bleeps in that? There they're good, which means bad. Oh, so we complain that no more. I don't think well he can we do that though Right, but it says we can still play these slightly mussel big out of that's why just play that just for you Jim. We can still play it Especially where we have those the drum beats the whole deal. I love it. It's with the boots the goose deaths the whole ball of wax 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line with all the censorship which it kneels comedy bits or songs or sounds or whatever What you missed the most the sofa king 110 I mean we could play a little bit of that Right very little Listen to me. He's just stand by and sleep. Okay Wow, it's a little of it the I-95 soul 72 Parts on 71 thickens cider 37 kind of leaves has got Bill cigars 22 bulls on parade 20 the effort 16 Trial's your trial 15 God forbid jocelyn elders 12 prison bitches up to 10 already Donald buck feels good 10 at least he used to play bagpipes 10 cowboy Dick's ice cream eight he squared hands eight The six What is an empistory a little bit he did he three sure is pretty Casey case in cursing three it's 16's got three A Between her thighs has got to Duff likes that one a lot can we play a little bit of that a little go ahead. Yeah Like a lady I'm not so sure we can play that you know All right, well, I mean it's got that funny sound in it where the bleep is supposed to be yeah, it's funny Do I I'll do it in the break. I don't want to have to like dump again. I mean Well, no, I don't know I'm not sure about that. I'll have to use my own bad judgment. Okay Cuz that's one of most favorites abortion shuffle one and Rancid one We still haven't oh, yeah, I see the encoder ones got two. I'm skipping around here The yellow light and butt beads don't have any at 479 Fox news has had that to got one Big one 567 056 pound 560 on the 1810 Verizon Marvel Slime it's such an unhappy day man, so it's said like kissing a lot of our good friends good-bye Bye-bye. The nice to farewell good friends Oh raspberry WQA of hello Yes, sir Love you man. I got one people. Okay. What about if you see I just got through playing that Man, I just got your plan that if you see K and that he monitors no problem with that Then we just get through playing that this hour. We just play just only moments ago unless my Alzheimer's kicking in You still love you too, pal. Hey, come in to QM hello Hey, what about party takes don't no chance no chance in favor. He's plugged up for the rest of his life, man You know, I feel like I'm in middle school when Right, he still looks like two out of crew and you have it in your bedroom You have the volume roll. Oh, right make a tree parents didn't hear it Uh-huh everything exactly what the field like right. Yeah, that's what we're that's good That's what the government wants you to feel like you're a little child again. That's correct. We're going through our second childhood Oh, geez, exactly Okay, see in the sandbox pal. All right Can he say pull up group Yes, oh They so good Sitting at home watching flight order day old talking about how bumper ceiling 95-yard rail when suddenly With the bullet and to dish up onto the screen came his partner and Bishop She said this just in To our witness news It's governor Martinez and the two live crew will have mortage jail comment up at five 30 people them from the stores because they so dirty oh They're so dirty. Oh there's so dirty. Oh there's so dirty. They curse all the time Oh there's so dirty So so dirty Oh There's so dirty. They curse all the time Bob had run the album and he was a fall He said thank you Janet Reno I'm glad that you're called we got to take a stand I guess this 13 rhyme besides is really quote to election time His outward judge friends said I will not fail you He'll censor any mention of Janet failed you They're selling sexic kids going through to Bertie the two live crew Yeah, they so dirty. Oh They're so dirty. Oh They're so dirty. Oh They're so dirty. They curse all the time Oh there's so dirty. So so so dirty. Oh There's so dirty. They curse all the time He kept wrap a bunch So he had guts the most of the people said this guy is a fuss He read the land of that noise pollution even though it went against the contest The tuition and what did we do during all of this job? So 10,000 more copies and 1295 people on a brand who were savings It's really hurt tea robin into the bank because he's the dirty Oh there's so dirty. Oh there's so dirty. Oh there's so dirty. They curse all the time Oh there's so dirty. So so so dirty Oh embarrassment what a joke I'll set Humford. Don't forget the Hebrew hammer is for the sap known for the Nasdaq 100 the tennis tournament right after the mad dog That thing about what's that website again with the contributions? Oh, I forgot I wrote it down somewhere. Oh, don't say that I got it on my list up here. What is it? It's uh one moment please fund race.org fund if you Wendy fund race.org And you can go on there. It's uh amazing you can just put in your own uh zip code where you live and see you if any If your neighbors don't need any political candidates and to whom they don't need them how much? Really amazing thing 27 past the noon at five 60 WQM spring of the savings right now and saved like never before on a great new car truck from our good friends at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead your fun among US one 20 minutes south of the 836 Armstrong's Toyota Homestead is worth a drive no matter where to head you live because they're gonna save you so much money Thousands and thousands literally I'm great new Toyota's check out these great lease prices in O4 camera your four wester for just two 69 and a month before the Advance how about an O4 Highlander just 309 a month need a truck how about an O4 Toyota Tundra the safest truck at America just 179 a month for 48 months these are just some of the savings going on right now at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead and now with those tool increases for people using cash on the turn bike Armstrong's will give you a free sun pass when you buy your new car or truck from them general manager David Fatt rich in a staff who do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today experience the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference locally on an operator the committed to make you an happy camper one hundred percent their service department so far we can make nights late to late to make sure they get your service work done and done right too easy to get through their US one in two ninety-third street in Homestead just 20 simple easy darn minutes out of the eight thirty six so do yourself a big favor quick waste in time at those mega dealers or car giants who always seem to over promised under deliver call David rich the GM and Armstrong's Toyota Homestead call 305 two four two thirty two forty seven that's 305 two four two thirty two forty seven drive a lot and save a great new Toyota and Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead they played on the whole garbage the kids today don't know what's good like that song i'm happy i live in a split level head you remember that how can you listen i'm happy i live in the split level head i'm happy a living in the split level head you're a member that now why am i surrounded by more runs come on how is don't you go be how he nothing's a poor nation from you now you're so special okay that's it you all fire you've had stroke in the movement you listen to me you're fine you're okay that goes for you too you're who i am find the king of our advice i came down here after losing my job to be a big fish you know little part when they kicked me off the earth and they told me don't come back again i had some problems with wise guys who would buy stymle to power and dice oh yeah that makes me a lace over we died okay you're a lion and i hope that kid goes what dines i hope he died fine i think that was enough of that yeah i forgot about that i'm bigger part of it we are dancing along singing a song did we all hit the button at the same time i'm still hitting it oh good hit it again oh brother i'm just sitting here you know tapping my toe and wow there's just something in every end the the other one i checked during the break between her thighs you won't hear that no more either well the that interesting sound they used in there is cute but there's a little problem with that as part of the word is in there in each your case just a little tiny part of the word is in that's a good let's see peat the chronic old bordeaux who's just desperately uh no you need a life i have no right says does this mean the jib boast you managing jodie bits are cut and of course the ones he's talking about since this is only claim to fame yeah but i can't believe no because he just said or whoever put the bleeps into the great job was that George yes not me know that was a phone bleep the collar who i dare not mentioned because uh it's one of our chronic supposedly at least he takes credit for it peat no not that one that one supposed to be uh that Greg and the sunrise or whatever oh no no no who is it what's his name no no you're thinking about for one uh huh that guy from no that was the dawn's shool-a-one you're getting used let's see do we dare give that a try to see we can still forget they're both good oh yeah that's not in there is it that's not a good to me i mean if he's your imagination we know what he said but see it's not a question what he know what we said or not it's a question f*** all the debris for sufficient to make everything kosher you do understand the whole world is becoming orthodox now part of the government of the FCC everything has to be kosher but the ones that peat the chronic bordeaux said are just fine you know what i mean oh we're fine exactly but if we play too often we'll be fine to the did five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty you know we were out of really have him uh uh uh you're good close friend and the nick from uh as the uh young and a hornie Dan's story and so we cut yeah over-finded it and WQA hello hello you sir speaking yes I'm on I'm out semi-oproble one tweet okay uh cat though in the will oh yeah right that one's still all right no chance oh man and i'm glad you said glad you said cat that was very good and the other one was uh i don't know what you call up it was the uh commercial for cheese don't forget the cheese that's it oh yeah i don't uh i don't think of it then the look is it refers to a sexual act oh damn the two people and thanks pali and sick aisle let's see don't forget the cheese uh we could play part of it i guess huh i guess just to refer to y'all it's because we haven't played an alliam played anyway long long time the american cheese castle reminds you that everything tastes better with cheese and that's what's about as far as we need to go uh don't forget the cheese that's the name of that and then the other one that he just said was uh what in the well oh yeah uh that's gonna get a lot of folks simply and i'm more and if people in the audience remember what what what what what i mean it's like that that's how it starts and that's how it ends now oh brother so when i try to tell you that like 67 to 80% of what we got in here is now long gone i was not exaggerating but normal can't man she's worried about baseball games how do marlins gonna do this he's what about that dodger is that they are real man and go to the baseball games new oh no i won't we'll not 567 0 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello new yes sir i'd like to talk to you speaking new yep i'd like to say a few things to the American public out there number one the war in terror will never be won the war in drugs will never be won in the war on prostitution will never be won yeah we have to get our head out of the sand we have to need a politician in there that uses some common sense problems in America can can be can be solved but we have to start with mandatory sterilization right amen that's now you're still my line that's that's your line i know i've been listening to you yeah mandatory sterilization forced sterilization baby you got to right thank you Neil and you're welcome let's start working on it right now you know we start with that Georgia all right well you laughing about what are you snickering about them and that's the no lap of matter starting Georgia sure and then we work uh Tennessee South Carolina North Florida Mississippi Alabama Louisiana Texas Oklahoma Idaho North Dakota South Dakota Montana Nebraska Utah and what I leave out that's a good start I think I think we got a pretty much covered we'll pay for sterilization in fact for sterilization in all the red states right all the red states I mean the red baiting the geoma carthole there's a great parallel here that I can smell the red scare well the red scare is back it's all them up and I'm going to tell you something about that fun race dot org I checked that out just for fun i mean we're in housing a big surprise you know I don't need a two grand a bush and there were a few supplies on her like she will have donated to Bobby Graham which I mean it's public record so it's not a secret but man when I saw all the Jewish names of people don't needy money the George W. Bush and what I said oh I'm a man who doesn't necessarily can't say no more she can miss this that some boys who were down by the brick they're feeding the water they're hands on their marbles and play things and at half past four they're capable young lady she looked like a pretty young creature she sat on the grass she pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and laces and white club feet done she said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin while the boys in the barnyard were shoveling rep used in later from yesterday's hunt while the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dock in the black of man with a size of more home in the country with a big fence out front it'd be after fun like they she'd show him her little bet dog who was subject to fence and maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with the movement so quick and then she'd bend over and suck dog his candy so taste the made up butter sky and then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf if you think this is dirty you can go f*** yourself. I'm right. I actually like to eat there at the end in fact the word ain't there which is of the new deal right not just a f*** or just cave and be there like maybe you think it's there but it's not there just your imagination look at this wait till you see this you are gonna I swear strap yourself in right now all right let me get the tape and I'm talking about what's on TV either. Hi Chad Sandia thank you worker dinnuring. You're a ho ho ho ho. There's your president in action baby. Wow what a shock. And let me see it again as I go through that list and see these these yeed lost I are supporting this bosom man. What are you people thinking of course they're the ones with a big box you know they like those tax breaks for the rich. I'm making pretty good bucks. I guarantee that and I would be more happy to give those tax breaks back we get rid of this bosom. Bye bye bosom. Oh I'm out of paper my pacz machine George. Oh let me play music. Hello because I was putting this thing out. Although I think of this is it. Michael Jackson into address the black caucus. Okay when you when you hear this it's gonna scream or cry. I mean if this is what we've come to man then there ain't no hope for America. It was looking pretty bleak until I read this. Washington this is from UPI. Top star Michael Jackson plans to visit Washington DC next week to share his views on World of Fairs with members of the Congressional Black Caucus. Oh my god. Jackson who was recently indebted on child molestation charges requested the meeting with a 38 member group to discuss his humanitarian efforts including his work to help Africa fight its age epidemic. The rule called newspaper reported yesterday not just a little PR here do you think like a big party he had the big bashy through it never land. Did he that he got busted? Remember that? Yes I do. Representative William Lacy Clay Democrat Mr. Reeve whom the paper identifies as a proponent of the visit says Jackson should be welcomed by the members of the Congressional Black Caucus. It's good we sure are support to Michael Jackson Clay said he gives so much of himself monetarily and through his talent. Jackson has reportedly backed CBS efforts for many years. He's pleaded innocent to seven counts of committing looserless of his acts upon a child under 14 and two counts of ministering on intoxicating agent who's to a child. Wow wow wow wow the congressional black caucus this is the best you can do is Michael Michael motorcycle? Holy god that's that's pathetic is that pathetic or what? Why don't you not leave hot little boy? See what I mean? Pete Calcate 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's my message to tell you people out there live your lives enjoyed by you can because all the rest is a bullshit. WQA. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How you doing I got one for you Paul? Okay. You have a collar back. Yeah I know. We used to but not anymore. Well even job it. QAM hello. Hey Neil I ain't doing pretty good. Everybody thinks that Janet Jackson was the worm turning incident. I think it was when Fox News had their cold units that some folks don't like what you're doing. The other thing is you know when Vladimir Putin he started jailing people and arresting people who were not on ABC news right before the election they had a story on Russian radio and they had everything owned by Putin in his group except for one radio guy who looked like Ted Kizinski in the guy who his real is his blow up. It's amazing they were that one or they're he's the only guy that doesn't have the Putin doesn't have control of it's one station left. Yeah and one guy that had him they had an interview with him just sitting there. Well that's one better than we got. That's what I'm saying it's like getting the Neil Roger ski of Russia or something but you got to hang in there man you're the last copier. I'm hanging from a distance by the way I'll notice I'm hanging. But Fox News had their thing is the one that really broke the camel's back. I don't think so. But I'll take all the credit for. Have a great day pal. All the power of Neil you know. No. Now this thing you just the facts to me about animal services in Florida and this uh well why do you send this for it? Or it died or whatever. I don't understand this about the Jack Rabbits and the team vendor. I don't have some rabbits in front of the students and you know she went to the guy. I this year the right this is worth a story. I don't believe the story though. Okay. Well I was on a SMBC. It came on a facts. It said it was on a SMBC. It's got to be for real. It was she thought an unpleasant but realistic lesson to her agriculture students at Plancity High School in Florida. I'm not going to use the name. Sometimes animals are born without the strength to survive. Sometimes really it's in their best interest to as they see on the farm and put them down. Probably not however using a shovel and doing in front of the class especially not when the animals in question are day old rabbits. And Scott heard her name. The mom but I I don't know I'm a little dubious. Do you think she knew uh uh what Captain Harris? The add teacher with a spotless person I'll record of. About 30 minutes. Years. Is under review for having chopped up a pair of newborn sickly rabbits with a shovel as their class looked on. The rabbits had apparently been rejected by their mother. Students they bend her first try to get the students to bury the bunnies alive. I don't believe this to is it? This is but the kids refused. Offering to bottle feed the newborns, Benner and said killed them. One student promptly threw up. Ryan Harrell the student the witness to bunny killing said it first I cried after that I was angry that she did it because she didn't have to do it in front of us. This makes gullible lust buns look like a good Samuritan. Heraldie comment as far as that she made a bad decision. The Hillsborough County Animal services in Florida file charges against this person which carries penalties totaling $620 of no jail time. She has the choice either to pay the fine repair and court on May 5th. Uh it's just it is so grotesque and so gruesome that it's probably true. Oh my goodness. Anybody else has got that from any other website anywhere. It says it around MSNBC Monday night and of course how many people watch MSNBC. But third man. So that was in a plant city high school in Tampa. And of course that fits right in you know the Tampa. You know what we say? Tampa. Oh who nice. What do you mean by that? Well you can't play that other drop anymore. Oh yeah I came but I have to like do two things at once I can't do that. With all the censorship which are neals comedy bits or songs or sounds or anything else when you miss the most sofa King. 122. Remember the old sofa King? Sure. Fact hammer with a sofa queen. 122 said that one. The i95 cool song 79. Farts on 78. 78 say those parts sounds we liked it. Not no more. Maybe an occasional raspberry. See that was raspberry. Dick inside of 41. Kind of leaves a police of 41. Go away Condlies it. Go away mad just go away please. Gillesagar's 26. Um. What's on parade? 25. Prison bitch 25. The F. 22. No chance. Playing bagpipes 21. The old trouser trout 16. Jocelyn elders 13. Donald Duck feels good 11 cuboid exercise 28. Gillesagar's 27. Anne's Rancid 7. Casey case in cursing 6 and coder 4 she's obscene. What is Memphis 4? It's 163. Between her thighs 3. Little bitty did he? I sure thought that song was pretty. It's got 3. Varney takes a dumb 3 abortion shuffle 2 Bobby Brown. He's going down town too. Oh yeah. In the wells got 1 Fox News Heather 1 and none yet for butt bgl right or don't forget the cheese. And whatever you do under the present circumstances don't cut it either. You know that I think that's got to be nice you know how they start. Everything starts with one area just like the indies and he business. Now they're really seriously going to try to put it on cable and satellite. It's the same thing with the Farts sounds. First it starts over the year. Farts sounds not permitted. No say permissia aki and then it's going to be in like in a supermarket and then like in your home. Just like with the anti smoking nuts. Same thing. Oh he farted in the house? How many times? About 30 man. I'll happen right in a piece. You owe us 15 billion dollars. But I'll be that comes out too. W 2 a. Hello. And then like in your home. W 2 a.m. Yes sir. You know what I question. What if you were able to show your bosses that your revenue will go down by switching to their new format? Our our bosses. No it's got this guy don't get it. It's going to be with our bosses. It's the federal government. Sir don't you understand their new format. See this guy must have been reading too much of John Tom jiggas calm my Saturday. Which again thanks for the help Tom. But you know get it right next time please. It's not a QAM decision. It's a attorney decision based on the dictates. If I can say that of the FCC of your federal government in action and contrary to what that guy before was a talking crap. It was the Janet Jackson flat that just opened a little crack in that door and a ramrata their way right and that was the opening they were waiting for. So not only do we find just in tickabelle and Janet Jackson revolting into disgusting and grotesque. But thanks a lot for burning the first amendment to the help of John. Business sector of this country and the argument out here. You're lost. Take a hike. Go back to a 1256 at 560 WQAM. I owe my favorite Republican. This is not drawn. It is tied for the school's bail plowing. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers. One to two. The Spanish American War. So they ported like it was 1899. We were events that made you shiver. But there were times we did deliver. A promise that was kept. With that famous one small step. I can't remember each event or everything that man did invent. A century we were present. This is how it went. My, my, how the time it did fly. Since it started some deported many days we did cry. For the centuries it's done that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. It all started when two guys were right. When they put it there, playing it to light. And the star of Brady, yo. Signified had his mother's thing and once a theory and next blank and the Titanic. That's story. We all know. Well, world war one. It soon began with shooting archedup Francis Bird and man millions died from the flu. And plastic it was brand new. And then Russia had each feather loose in Panama. Connected both of the oceans. The now police we won't see again. Come. Three years gone by. And we were singing in my, I have the time it did fly. Since it started some deported many days we did cry. For the century it's done that we said goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. I would add his valetivity. They've mastered just a new model. And then Bird landed in Paris. Then some oldy bread came and the ceiling wall street and the great depression and women would vote like you and me. And Germany's Chancellor was sworn in and World War two it soon began. Made your return plan. The project Manhattan, the pollution trial in Tennessee. We caught a first look at TV. Then the day that lives in him from the hunt. Three years gone by. Oh, who it was singing in my, my other time it did fly. Since it started some deported many days we did cry. For the century it's done that we said goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Right, Clay and Winston they were simply winning. Starting with the TV invasion. But at what in a falling cost? In Russia no one did the frost. In Germany they find these laws discovered the horrors of the Holocaust. Fat man little boy and all the gay. She's the whole world on that very day. Me though had just begun. In China we'll find the sea town. The first player in baseball that was black. If we yell got there homeland back. Mass that you said selected jaguar. Tridious gone by. And we were singing in my, my other time it did fly. Since it started something ported many days we did cry. For the century it's done that we said goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Separate pretty will make such a fuss. Gross a two tide went on the bus. Holy old kid with a vaccine. Then Russia sked us big time with spotting it. Our troops into Korea quick discovered the double helix scheme. Oh JFK left us way too soon. But promised to get us all to the moon. You're east first and space. Yeah, the pill we fitted with. And the French said declined to the night. Cuba's missile gave us quite a fright. South East Asia is on to fight. A hundred years gone by. And we were singing in my, my other years they did fly. Since it started something ported many days we did cry. For the century it's done that we said goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Neil's giant step was the big news. Rovers wait gave women right to choose. Nixon resigns about what against. Got the troops out of Vietnam. Had hostages taken by Iran. And a virus made us too scared to go dates. A test to babies help a lot. Some guy named Bill started Microsoft. Chernobyl explosion. The Berlin wall gets broken. The US is our sask goodbye. Some students in China they did try seven died in the Florida sky. A hundred years gone by. And they were singing my, my other time it did fly. Since it started some deported many days we did cry. For the century it's done that we said goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. We were singing my, my other time it did fly. Since it started some deported many days we did cry. For the century it's done that we said goodbye. Because a hundred years have gone by. Oh, wow. I love that thing. Plus it's long. Yeah, I like it because of that. One oh nine. The bad news is you know that's true about the rabbits. It's two. Oh, I guess guess what before even some of the facts I looked it up online Tampa Tribune. I got the whole story here. What kind of sick puppy? You know, here's another one's got to be on that pull right away Josh. How come nobody is mentioned this one? My, right, right. I mean, is there any question about that? No, my anus. Ah, in fact, that's the first thing I said when I heard about all these new regulations. My anus. And they said, Yamama, a plant city high school teacher faces fines and criticism after killing two-day old rabbits with a shovel. As a storm class looked on the thirteenth said this week. The bedroom agricultural science teacher Jane Vinder won't face criminal charges and support us they she used a humane method to humanize sickly rabbits that would have died anyway. You see what I would have done was call like maybe a vet and have them come in and put a humanely put to sleep right or just walk away. Investigators say vendor killed two rabbits and buried them in a field they're the ag lab with two others from the same litter that had died. We feel that this person needs to be held accountable said Hillsborough County Animal Services Investigated in this McCullough, whose agency filed two civil counts of animal cruelty against Vinder. It's just not what we want to teach people to do with injured or sick animals. Hillsborough County Sheriff spokesman Lieutenant Rod Reader said litter of rabbits is born in her ag lab last month, two that had birth and the mother rejected the other two pushing both out of the outdoor pen in the school's agriculture complex. Soon after they were born, one was found covered with fire ants and the other was lying in a water trough. That's nice. Vinder told investigators then February 12 she has one student to dig a hole to explain the class that the rabbits couldn't survive after being rejected by their mother. She then placed all four in a hole and in view of the class killed the two live rabbits by this membering member with a shovel. The rabbits were about the size of chicken eggs. It wasn't clear how close the students arranged in age from 1518 were when Vinder utilized the animals. One student told investigators Vinder asked the class members to help her bury the rabbits but they refused. Vinder told that beneath none of the students asked to be excused and none raised concerns the next day. She said if she had to do it over again, she probably would excuse the students from the process. Vinder could be reached for comment. The state attorneys office rejected any notion of filing criminal charges against her. They were one day old and poor health and she used the shovel, he said. Reader, it's a tough call. Some people would say these kids are taking this class and this is partly learning process. Oh man. McCullus had Vinder had options. She could have called us way to come out and pick them up. What compelled her to do this? I'll never know. The civil penalties are circumvent 20 bucks to attend for each rabbit. The health Brocotty school district is having a review of the case district spokesman Mark Hart said he questioned my vendor didn't use a more humane way to dispose of the rabbits and why she did it where students could watch. A plant city resident former student of Vinder said she's being railroaded for killing two baby rabbits that were suffering and stood little chances to survival. Right. Wow. Wow. Only in Tampa maybe like I said before. Tampa. Mugwampsville. In fact, they got to call me for about forced civilization what a great place to start. Tampa Florida. Mugwampville. Wow. Wow. Wow. I remember that we cuckered you're a forget it. Oh, I'll never forget it. The WOD week of shows from the WSUN studios in Tampa. Let me say it again. Tampa. We're even the human people I've like orange here. How many human people are there in Tampa? About 10 men and then all the rest. 12 minutes after one at five, 60 WOD. Q and Pompano Park racing and poker seven are free concert tomorrow night. Featuring the Beatles tribute band, the cavern and the buddy Holly tribute band Ray Vaughn. The free concert gets underway seven o'clock tomorrow. 8 cool people for four main two sets during the night. Free admission, free general parking just like every day at the track. Come and hear the great Beatles songs you love live and concert with the cavern's George van Dyke's ball McCartney. Ray Vaughn and their tribute to buddy Holly will feature the hits Peggy Sioux and it's so easy to follow them up. But best of all is that the concert is totally free. This Saturday night sounds like tomorrow to me at Pompano Park racing and poker come for the free concert, featuring the Beatles and buddy Holly tribute bands all free starting at seven o'clock tomorrow night. Easy to get to Pompano Park is just a half now from both I and I defied the turn bike and best of all the poker room is open from noon to midnight and live harness racing starts at 705 every day subsunding in Tuesday. We got some alkestie every day seven days a week of the track to. Pompano Park or Black South of Atlanta Boulevard on Power Line Road for the curlery schedule call 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 1000 and go online if you like it. Pompano Park dot com. Don't forget live post time racing 705 tonight at Pompano Park say how to fat rich. He said. Hello. Hello. I was calling about the why but you have to sail in the paper. Okay. What kind of wabbit's are they? Okay. I have some lock. Yeah. I have some lock. The body lock and some dark color lock. Oh wonderful. And I have a straightier dough and I have two doors. What do I do off? It's my red. Oh okay. We have a farm. I like to play with the rabbits on a farm. You wouldn't happen to have any like little rabbit handcuffs. Did he want? Did he don't handcuffs or the rabbit? Oh he's cuffs. Yes. I never heard of him. What? Well you we used him what we hunt him on the farm. We like to hunt the rabbits. And we take them and nail them to a tree by the ears and it's skin and a wife. They're one. Hello. And now I think that's what you don't do. These rabbits are I couldn't say you're rabbit. Well we have a little game we play called all rabbits must die. No sir no sir no sir. I wouldn't say you're rabbits. A farm. $50. I like to hunt the rabbits. Well that's okay. You go out in the wild and you aren't rabbits. The pigs aren't the keel. I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmusically. Now sir I'm sorry. Then say you're rabbits. Sometimes we even spit them through the head with a westy water. I think that was a very poor taste don't you? Tables. 19 after one at five sixty w q m. Don't forget join George tomorrow 11 a.m. Bill Sottles. Bill of Art of savings. North by 36 we just was to 27 have an army. Stop by to win some really a tinty prizes and enjoy free food great stuff on the land of city subs. And then George zips right are over the other join. Maybe smokes one on the way. Two to four Lee Miles transmission. One 83 13 South Fixie Highway. Stop by to spin the q m veal and enjoy free food from Oregon's pub. Busy day for George tomorrow go buy in the say hey is all the stuff you guys you're talking about really for rulers is just to put up. I mean when you when you tell me that I just it makes my head hurt. Now here's an article that everybody must read. I'm not going to be the whole thing it's much much too long. David Corn who's great in nation the 9 11 bog. And it's on our website today it's very long and the arena in this entirety please. Pretty please if you have an IQ larger than your thumbnail. I just read the beginning. He says toward the end of the recent todays of hearings in the independent 9 11 commission Christian Brightwiseer and Lori Fannoucan who eats lost a husband in the horrific attacks when he retires. Not a grief but of rage. They had much to be angry about as day and other 9 11 family members walked out of the hearings and protest. They were mad that national security adviser Condolese Arrays had refused to testify publicly. The White House had claimed that it would set a bad precedent and discouraged future presidential leads from freely dispensing advice to the commander and chief. But in recent years other presidential advisors including Tom Ridge had testified before Congress. And Rice had no problem appearing on several TV shows right before the hearings to talk about the Bush administration deliberations in order to slime Richard Clark the former counterterrorism chief in the Clinton early Bush administration who had released a book accusing Bush of neglecting al-Qaeda before 9 11 and undermining the fight against Osama Yamama with the war in Iraq. But for Brightwiseer and Ben Alkin there was reason to be upset beyond Rice's no show. They were infuriated that much of the questioning of the Clinton and Bush officials who did testify, including Colin Powell, Madeline Albright, Don Rumsfeld, and William Cohen, and George Tenet and former national security adviser Sadie Berger was disdointed lame or off point. Much of it concerned Clark's book with Republican members of the Commission especially former Illinois Governor James Thompson helping the White House by seeking to discredit Clark. We thought to have serious hearings about the issues of 9 11 Brighwiseer said instead we got a book review. This has nothing to do with politics and has to do with my husband and 3000 people are on this earth. I can't explain how hurtful this is Ben Alkin noted and added rather the occasional fact-seeked out little bit of the truth but we want to replace these hearings with hearings on 9 11. This is not a game. But to the partisan people it's a game on both sides not just to Republicans on both sides. Kissy, kissy, kissy, and we're going to get you a fact now Republicans want to declassify former testimony by virtue Clark from 2002. They want to make it declassify so they can use it against him now. But they'll leave it up to the White House. See you for God for yourself what's going to happen. It's the attack baby. Let's see here's Mike says can you still play honeywavits? Absolutely not it'd be a very poor taste. Also yesterday Joyce Kaufman was urging your listeners to stop go to stop at CC calm and put a link on our website. Joyce Kaufman's got a website. Oh my God. Oh my God. Wow thanks Joyce but who you can anybody can have a website. Right. What is it? Sergeant to Jolno? What is that? We have a book called that? Sure. And what is it sound like? Like that. I'm real horny. Oh I say well in that case get that one on list right away. Oh yeah that's right big black guy named Ben. Right. Eisen what is it Eisen Carl R. Yeah Eisen Carl R. I'm on here that no more. But he Bonix. Bob would be able to play that. He Bonix graduate. He either one of them. He Bonix graduate and then the other one is just how about he Bonix graduate? I mean let's face it. He's still got a couple of boots still play. But Germany. I'm not similar like 10 or 15 right. I took a course of the he Bonix. They say the future be Brad Foamy. Now I can't get no job. Cause I don't got no little F. As talking like an old Negro. He thought I'd stop the houses. Wait. Now what can't do nothing. But my heritage says that okay. Can't my name to shoot road. Try to do send the code in a can. I remember when I was dealing over my pants. Cause hanging outside the building their balls. Brian the blues. I bother to be white. There was got no job. Holy is fine. Oh, the bond. It can give my lot of chains now. Got to go in sell. Mo. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Lordy, what a boring song. If Bonix makes me sound funny. Got nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make my money. They've appealed sound good to me. I got plenty of nothing. If Bonix ain't getting me anywhere. Maybe I'll mugging a old white bitch. Still a purse and full of hair. Then I'll get my money. Still a purse and full of hair. Then I'll take some money. Buy a stereo and a fridge a day. I remember when I was dealing over white men's gums hanging outside the building their balls. Brian the blues. That father deed. Why there was got no job for me. And I had. Otific would get my love of change now. That's why. It's the goal whenzero Mountain Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack at me. Crack at me. Crack at me. Never made any Alright. Come on everybody. Yo, we're lucky, man. We don't obey your gate. We've been living shit there, right? Any panic to be busy. Yo, I can go now. You take the funky joke, man. I can't go away. It must be still to make it right. Gotta fuck with you. Check out what other kick it. First you talk about that. You haven't done a no-cash. Yo, man. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Let me do, homie. Homey. Homey. Don't you know that. I don't know. I don't know. Homey. Yo. This beat, Anthony. Tell me. You're a nasty, man. A fan of the band. You beat, I don't know. All of you. Who that ho? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You're a fat, oh, oh. You beat, I don't know. I don't know. Ooh, so I told you just as good 180 and 180 School of high Fleshy broth? I know, so I told you just scandling in for no reason. I know, so I told you just nice of you. What is your life to want? I think it may get worse than I thought maybe now. So it's how you and anyone holds on the pool of which bit you're going to miss the most. I noticed that both beads and mine is both the just got one. Look on it. I've been telling you for years why you ought to do what I always do. Call that on mattress when your old mattress is worn out. You need new one. Call 1-800 mattress because that amount of mattress backs up everything they see in their advertising. 500 percent. But the competitors guess what they still lie like crazy. When you see a mattress and making outrageous claims be sure to redefine print because there are lots of lies in there. Here's an example. Big headline half off price. But this only applies to a limited selection of items that you'd probably never choose anyway. And everything else is still full price. And they probably double the regular price first on that sale merchandise anyway. And you'll probably never be able to make a fair exchange if you don't like the mattress. But at Donald mattress, their ads have no tiny print, no disclaimers, no BS. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll see their prices are so low. Others still have to offer half off sales just to compete. Donald mattress has no risk 30-day company exchange policy. Not good man. On all beds including yours. And don't forget when you call Donald mattress 1-800 mattress, you're getting company ranked number one in the universe in overall customer satisfaction. From Kendall to Stewart, Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And Donald mattress reminds you to read the fine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them. So what you'll be waiting for, do what all the smart people do, just make one easy call and sit there that'll be knuck it on the door, but it's convenient for you. Call 1-800 mattress or log on to macpress.com. Dahliam mattress 1-800-MATTRES, the honest way to get you a great new bed and a great night sleep for years to come. My life and law is as poor as real by city. Oh god, Leo. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. No sex, no violence, no filth, no us, smite, no porcelain, no nothing. No nothing, no kidding, the great mince Lewis. He debashed. 133 at 5.6 next to Volca Brian and KJ and who else? Good, man. He's great. Oh, you're going to hear some bad news for me right now, Mr. Uh-oh. This is going to be a shocker you think the rabbit story was shocking. Wait ten years this. Guess you'll split up. Well, I know it's not bad effort. That's old already. Right, now this is brand new, although they have the same last name. Spell different. Oh, Tom and Penelope. Oh, no. You're gay. Tom Cruise and Penelope cruise have ended their three year relationship. The couple have spent long periods of power filming broke up at the end of January. And it's Annocable said Lee and DeVette. Cruise is sister and puces. You're gay. Robert Garlock Cruise is spokesman told people magazine that neither stars dating anyone else and the two remain good friend. You're gay. And otherwise, she's not dating any guys. He's not dating any women. But then again. Cruise 41 started last year's the last semi-wine a period alongside Jamie Foxx and the upcoming Michael Mann directed Triller, Collateral. You're gay. Cruise 29 appeared in last year's Gothico. That's pedelope. And the recently released a tag in film, Nante Morphari. Don't move. Nante Morphari. I should be able to do better than that. Come on, Dution. Timo. She is the ster long-sides Charlize Theron and they're coming ahead of the Clasagga news for us. She ain't no Charlize Theron. No way. You believe Big Hunker. Right. Ooh, just a mouthy look and peace. Garlock said Cruise had not become a Scientologist like Cruise with the U.S.C., but has taken church courses and she's father, Metaphyshul. He said Tommy's religion was not involved in the split. You're gay. Maybe that's what my head's going to do with it. Cruise and Cruise met on the set of the 2001 film, The Null Scott. You're gay. Wow. Mori, I've stuck in nobody cares about it. You know, who always is from? From a CNN from my AP associate of press. Freedom of speech is dead. Here's John Kerry saying a thing or two. I don't care to serve, stop the bait. Hey, man. Nice going John. You go boy. You're a little weak, but you go. Now all of you know that he just got upset with one of you. But not just about dollars and desmos. They're about choices. Okay, whatever you see. He's that scurrying me. Okay. He really scares me because he just, I don't know. I sure hope I'm going to pull him to the best for him. Best of that I can. Oh, and there's another great story on our website today. There's a lot of them like always. Thanks, Eric. Elizabeth Cheney, the firm and baby, how Dick Cheney dodged the Vietnam draft. Have you read that? Yes. You'll love it. You will absolutely love it. The dedicated students of obstetrics will observe that Elizabeth Cheney's birthday falls precisely nine months and two days after the Selective Service Public U.B. Voket's policy of not drafting childless husbands. This would seem to indicate that the Cheney's, though that let's plan to have children sometime were seized with an untimable passion and moment they Cheney became vulnerable for the Vietnam draft enacted on it. How do you like that? Who says government policy can't affect human behavior? Ho ho ho ho. Man, oh man, what about you, hypocrites? When they talk about chicken hox, man, they know what they're talking about. But you're a wall, cowards, never served today, who are busy sacrificing the lives of hundreds and thousands of innocent people. But that's okay. Don't get started again. Look at all whipped up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Like that guy told me 20 years ago. Keep it light, they don't keep it light, keep it light. Of course he's dead now. He's keeping it light. How about parliament light can we play there? We'll check it. Why not? WQM. Oh boy. Oh boy. I thought we'd get through the whole day. You know, that one there you need to start getting the old files out again. Uh huh. Not interested. Not welcome on this program. Don't get too late. Don't get too late. Don't get too late. Don't get too late. Don't get too late. Don't get too late. Otherwise, we're going to be a little tap it on your door very soon again. And you don't think you want to go through all of that again. Although. We'd be more than delighted to help. WQM. Hello. Yeah, I'm asking for Neil. Speaking. Neil. Yes, I am. What is the outrage of this country? This president makes jokes and fun upon a party. And people are laughing and joking about it. Yeah, well, not anymore. There must be a hundred articles today just ripping him a new ass for that whole performances. Well, President Nixon was impeached simply for lying. Right. President's lies caused the death of 600 Americans. And thousands of Iraqis, too, and I'm not talking about so many of them. I'm not talking about a lot of people. Of course, the Iraqis don't count. And that's it. That's it. And the hundreds of billions of dollars. Right. This is outrageous. This man is so this an easy way to describe it. He's got blood on his hands. Lots of it. Okay. No matter how much he washes, he can't wash it away. And the question is will he American people wake up and see it? That's the question. And have it right today. Now, he's right. Absolutely correct. I don't understand it. I was watching him before I wasn't listening to the audio. I mean, it's too close to lunchtime for me. You understand? I mean, how? You understand it. Yeah. Whether it's those sense. There's no feeling. Right. There he goes. Do you want to mind if I say it but a good one, though? Where there's no sense, there's no feeling. Or here's another good one. That I borrow from all of my former friends at Michigan State. When in question or endowed, run in circles, screaming shout. Right. That's the American effing way. I'm so proud of the way I did that. Very good. It's a hoarse. Wow. I don't know. I don't want to take so I look at him and I said to myself, how can anybody take this man seriously? Other than the fact that he's so dangerous, D&D, them in dangerous. And of course, he's just a puppet anyway. We all know that the Neocons, Wolfowitz, and Purchered Pearl, and Jamie. He's a puppet. And a scooter libby. This is a whole bunch of right way. You know, in the nut cases, you see, I'm going to say it again. I know that it will fall on deaf ears preaching to the choir. But once upon a time, not that long ago, you don't have to be no fart like me to remember the day back in the day. When people on the way off on a right wing extreme on their fringes, you know, like these people, like this crowd, they were considered extremists, like nobody put them seriously. They were religious nuts to fundamentalist, the Jurya, Falwells, and the Pat Robertsons, and all these all crazy Bible-thumping right wing nuts. They've taken over the country. They've been created a bloodless, cool, right in the front of your nose, right in Florida, right in broad daylight. Let us in. Let us in, of course, with the cooperation and assistance of their right wing Supreme Court, led by Antonin Scalia, and the big, a puff and a retoken that occurred Thomas. They just stole a right in broad daylight. Any American public should, oh, what time can we see Janet Jackson do the Super Bowl again? My life and law, this is for 25 cities. But with the new way, yeah. It's always 7th-end degrees, baby, 16th-be spirit, I do. So glad. All the hard burn. Oh, oh, oh, every time I see. Don't go through the bad retard and damn witch. Don't go through the bad. My TV. Please, President, come. Red public and muscle, dear. And in our dignity, I don't go wild. They won't want to shine, but not easy. Where's proof of their 48 years? With President Thomas, baby, new days? Oh, what I can do, no more strong. And get to we all vote at home. Here you are, best. Don't go along, let's run and steal it, me. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And this drug gets rich, yeah. Don't go along, easy, baby. Tell more than me. Please, President, come. Yeah, don't care what it is, you got a man by her friend. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. We've got a great leader here. Oh with prayers it end up Let him have a John okay boy he's looking bad 146 at five 60 WCM Brasselin is on my favorite people in the world The right-tech great column and news day which is almost always on our website I gotta read this It's on here today, this is from yesterday's news day Give me Brasselin right in this is starts in quotes Good morning I'm George Tenant on the head of these central intelligence agency And Brasselin is listening to voices in the sanitary room and I pick out a queen's voice Which is where Tenant is from and this is what I heard The central intelligence agency is the central place for the whole intelligence community And there's not a place where everybody lives in as the same lawns It's a community of people around the people of intelligence agencies Of which there's nothing better because it's a top government job With benefits and cars and good big vacations Listen to what Jamie Gorlic says about me yesterday at the big hearings of Washington People in two administrations call him George because they like him so much That's right, they like me and I like my job two administrations Watch my smoke I'm going for four How can you blame me for not knowing that we're gonna blow up the world train center in Manhattan Some people call this a figure of intelligence Maybe somebody loses in the attack and would say that I do not I said that done a wonderful job And I should stay at it The two presidents I were for could have done a better job Our work card maybe I didn't know bin Laden had 19 people ready to commit suicide and find the trade center That doesn't mean I wasn't doing my job as head of the CIA All of us at the hearings for the last two days down here totally how good they were You didn't hear Cole and Paul call me a name and I didn't call him on either He said he'd done a good job William Cohen also said he was good Not one bad word to say about Madeline all bright and she told us how wonderful she was Don Rumsfeld like it like he was great Rumsfeld as America's Department of Defense who didn't defend us he said he had done a darn good job The reason we all like each other with these hearings was that we've all have jobs down here These hearings may be serious to the press and the people but you can't make anybody lose a job That's the most important thing in Washington DC nobody should lose a job No plumber ever fought for a job as hard as Don Rumsfeld does for his look at his record Good Lord he goes way back way back to work in for Nixon and Ford and you know how long ago that was Rumsfeld was of the first bush and now he's with this bush And if you have a third he likely be there early If you put a time clock in an office to humiliate people and make them quit Washington DC that could chunk you here Every morning is Don Rumsfeld clocking in Lovely so he's Jimmy Brezelin We get bombed in the York and there are thousands dead in Mangled and we have a wedding mass the Saturday after the attack And there's a groom at the mass but no bride because she's in the sky and now what are these people of Washington DC their colossal fate these colossal failures as much as loses a job Then yesterday in the hearing room was Richard Clark he was the counterterrorism chief for Clinton and Bush He's already out of a job, but he's got a big book out now, so he's not hurting But he did save one thing that nobody under government intelligence payroll ever did he started his testimony by saying he was wrong He addressed the families of the victims who got killed in the trade center a few of them sitting behind him He said he was glad to have this form so I can apologize your government failed you and I failed you we tried hard, but that doesn't matter because we failed He had committed the felony in Washington government. How can you admit you wrong? How do you say that to the public? I'm wrong. What are you crazy? The public is wrong not the government to be fair about this because jobs could be at stake here Tenant Rumsfeld everybody else were baffled at beginning of the Bush administration because Bush didn't go to work for you often When Bush did come back from his vacations he didn't make tear was in the main thing on his mind For the first eight months terrorism was important, but not an urgent issue Clark said Now Clark says that in January 2001 he sent Gandhi Rice Bush's new national security adviser An old urgently asking for a big committee meeting about Osama Vidalan Her answer was that Clark's terrorist group should report to a deputy commissioner not the principal of Rice She said you should not request a meeting with principals Clark said the other day he said the sidetracked any talk about Osama Vidalan for months Over in the White House Miss Gandhi Rice watched him on television They don't let her out to be asked questions by a committee she let out some streak Of course that's what they're all doing about Clark right now because some people on the night loving committee were saying after lunch yesterday He was hurting them in with good reason Clark was right and they were wrong Yesterday Miss Rice had a press conference in the White House and she called Clark's scourless and wrong in 55 other bad things At day's end there was only Lee Hamilton a former congressman a constant professional asking why couldn't we protect the people They didn't protest and we lost a lot of people Jimmy Brezel on yesterday's news pretty sad pretty tragic and the American people sits back going But we're like that and the smear and you know just the fact that they're doing a Schmer campaign our Clark to the extent that they're doing now I mean anybody who's too stupid to see through that is got to be a moron right See there's something good coming from the fact we had to get all those parts sounds off the bottom bank on there because now we got moron and a whole bunch of other good stuff Barnaby straight and then Oh my god with some good clean quality right exactly and then of course the south Florida theme song. I have no life Can't say no better my son. Mad dog coming up until we got the Humphrey 4 from that tennis stuff Don't forget we got the Carolina hurricanes and the Carolina Panthers Monday night hockey I You drugs back What a weekling Who's my number normal? We'll find a good number for yourself We don't intramy cut in the car of me Take out the best of her that you ever seen Oh, why? Ask anybody in the neighborhood They tell you this country where the country would Rustam and has someone to sell and from my yellow way you can detect these now Oh, okay, how about the Hey, who's here? No, he like the spryffand talk Spoke can just smoke smoke Spoke can just smoke smoke Pick under me good You'll be carry lots of her in the gunney sack Snook it every day until you're long swim like With all the money that we have made Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid American tourists come here and say God nothing like this in the US They smoke smoke smoke They light up this blip and talk They begin to confend shock Smoke can just smoke smoke Pick under me good But not tell her son you are at our stormman You like to smoke a giant stick whenever you can Many people come to near from miles around Oh, why do you prefer to fight the ounce of meat? Rustam and Sator hurt, I'm all you right They can just be good tonight And then they smoke Smoke can just smoke smoke They light up this blip and talk Smoke can just smoke smoke Smoke can just smoke smoke They can just be good Oh, right, y'all mind One pithy in my dog at two and the hubber at four And then we got some hockey cramp Don't we have a, we don't have any hockey game tonight That's tomorrow night We got inside the batter's box at six fifty in the Penn State And my my my her coin baseball at Mark by Stadium at seven ten Phil and Mudgate reminds us head champ who about in Tom classic How could we forget that? Really long coat Have a good part of the issue Oh, it's good though, it's great. It's amusing. It's very fun Is it really dirty? No, but of course head champ who's just the name itself should tell you We can't do that no more With all the censorship going on which of Niels comedy but your songs will you miss most now every day the list keeps expanding and expanding and growing You can't say this and you can't do that and you can't smell this and you can't you can't even think about it Wait till the thought police get going man. You're all in deep crap In fact, I'm going to say we have a crap. Let's say it a lot crap because I'll take that away. It's just matter of time If I go with two I beg you pardon the big old Is it two words the mad dog? Maybe he's raising more money for a bob gram Anyway sofa king 151 more here that no more the I-95 So long 91 We can't even say eight We can't even not can't even do that Fartsounds 86 kind of leaves a 58 please a kind of leaves a did look at lost Dickens at side or 51 prison bitch 45. That's criminal Oh, tight bag for types 41 Phil cigar 37 F**k pulls on parade has got Bob third man The F-427 Trausy proud 17 Josh Lennel this 16 Donald luck feels good 16 Cowboy Dick's ice cream 10. We'll get no more that Gaze squared and nine F**k between her thighs nine and culture has got eight and rancid Eight and on a goes from there Well we'll do the best we can't we're gonna be in touch with Scott at stop FCC I'll come over to we can't we'll get the ball rolling We'll get on top of it the big oh is next for the mad dog so nothing's perfect Bye bye I'm the one who's so I'm five 16 Don't you weigh it I'm four more days The hot is dirty man what a loser