δ���istic h een all-new CD veot He's over the whole town of France. And check! We're out to check! We're out to check! We're out to check! We're out to check! We're out to check! The one who's got this rest! Well, these are my marina giant, or just Amazon, the time of the post. But, what? What? It was the most employers, just the same with like the brazen twice of the shaft. But those who don't knowers don't knowers they don't know... Number two. I'm gonna go to the show. I'm gonna go to the show. I'm gonna go to the show. I'm gonna go to the show. I'm gonna go to the show. I'm gonna go to the show. I'm gonna go to the show. I'm gonna go to the show. I'm gonna go to the show. I'm gonna go to the show. I'm gonna go to the show. Thank you. I'm gonna go to the show. I'm gonna go to the show. I'm gonna go to the show. Let me tell you. I guess this is during the crap. We're only kidding. This one overhead a great book to screen a book with phenomena where these great numbers are cross the board. Even the morning didn't do too bad. Especially thanks to Joe. I remember Joe Rose, he's gone. Lord, hear him now more, he's on the ticket. Maybe we would John Kerry. He's on the tickets during September 1, ESPN radio, just what we need another sports station. Right, can there be too many? Well I think what we need now, we need to have another sports station for all the people getting dumped off QA and dynamic good idea since we... You can kiss my rear end. Yeah. Well believe that up to Duff, okay? Duff is a Duff Lindsey is in Naples today and maybe tomorrow for a sexual orientation retraining to prepare him for being dumped the Duff monkey. I don't know if I should have said that because it's sounding like it might have something to do with Brad. We should have want to say that. Duff said, there you go again. Just can't keep your head on the door. You have a minute yet. Yeah, blow this. Oh god, almighty. What a lunatic. What a maniac. So anyway, every time I go on vacation, though, the stuff hits the fan, I now you can play that. Right, there it is. That was the stuff hit the fan. Right. As Greg Reed discontinues when we everything was going along so fantastic. Well, number one in men, everybody's kicking ass. And now let's just... And don't get me wrong. I'm all excited about how it's during coming. I'm not taking back anything I ever said about him or that show. But I'm delighted for a multitude of reasons. You know, when life you have to look at the positives and the negatives, right? Right. And I don't see any downside for us. We get the best lead in the morning radio in America. There's no question about that. I mean, it's my cup of tea. I'm not going to be listening. I'm sure you aren't either. And even Josh Kortis there might... I don't know. I think there's a little bit only because I want to make sure that there's a uniform standard. No, no, no, I'm not playing that game. We'll let the dumbfud, the dumb monkey, you worry about that. The flipper, whatever he's going to be doing. No, I'm not playing that game. Don't start trading into that territory if you're a wise man. See what I'm saying? Well, I'm not. You will let dust into Howard handle that together again. And they're robbing and all those people. So in addition to which, of course, Howard Stern ends a show and every feels like it. Like 10, I think, 10, 25, 10, 30, 10, 45, maybe 11 o'clock. Oh, right. And of course, I don't bother me, none, because my motto is less work and more pay. That's still been my motto for a long time. So I have voting this to say, oh, right. Although what have been nice of a woodman done the right way. If people would have been consulted and discussed with intelligently and openly. And honestly, like adults, but that's not the great way. And that's not the great way. That's not the great way. But it's a great way. Everything always has to be subversive and behind closed doors and scrum is a big surprise. And it's a big deep dark secret. I didn't know about it a week before you did. I will say that. And then I do a good job of keeping it secret. Yeah, never called me once. I didn't call you several things, but not about that. Just like we also under penalty of death for discussing the suspension of, on our radio station. We absolutely cannot discuss any of that. Now we can mention the fact that see, but fathers me a lot. Some of you real, we're, we're, we've got a new station, including Big Boe camp over there. And then the big, he's just a total sellout. Any of you people kissing his ass this morning? Oh, man. That would be disgusting. Well, when you're going to have your own show of a, oh, and he had that professional sports nerds, Farture caller, Carl, you know what I'm talking about? I don't. Yeah, him on for about 15 minutes. Maybe almost tiny for one from Little Havana. Oh, good. No, seriously, these chronic colors, man, are just a cure. Maybe, if a ray ran into one of them. King Kong, damsel, if a ray is dead, but you know how old she was? 90, so... 96, theventus days. Big eight, big building at a big set of lungs is what it says here. Wow, they were that day. She died Sunday at her man-hat in apartment close friend Rick McKay, director of her last film founder. He found her dead. Two cinematic images of Adi, I kind of staying part of a shrieking blonde squeeze in the mighty Paul of a giant gorilla. As he climbs at the top of the impartial building. Well, by the way, let me say this to you. If you had a whole bunch of terrorist warnings and thought that all these buildings in New York, we're going to be like any second other. We're going to like have a terrorist attack. When you reopen the statue of Liberty for the first time since 9-11, that sounds like her, but I need to meet. And that's on my right there to the ceremony. And I have all those helicopter tours over the city too. Especially since we think that helicopters are going to be used by a kind of a nevertheless. The Harry Star King Kong, 1933's classic clash of man versus nature, might have been upilized the screen, but audiences were as mesmerized as calling himself by the squirming and sexy, pay-way who has viewed the enchanted beast despite her piercing screens of terror. She got Sunday in New York at 896. She began to create a silent air appeared in more than 70 films. And that's all you want to know. The way she's dead. Now, the decirton time, we got Joan Severance. And the George came up with a fairly amusing line before it. She always said we're going to give Joan Severance package. What do you say? Or she's been in a forwell. That's exactly. Yeah, so he made pretty well on your polio today about who ought to team up with Mo and the afternoon in case so well, we can't get a fad as he polio understood. But I interrupted myself before we're trying to have a bad habit of doing it. And that is all you wishes on this radio station. And at least they should have facted how our David is filling in for a hankler. You don't have to mention he suspended hankler because they get real nervous about that. But at least mention that he still alive. He still found and he still alive. All right. I'm here in book camp or in the I don't know about Mad Dog. Mad Dog will be on today when it is where candy appearances he's on even less than I am. And of course, I guess after that, still I'm on the junior year in the book year that gigantic June. All his relatives must have got diaries. Do you see that? Yep. He was a human alone in station in those two hours. How about June? Huh? Feet of it old. Probably because Curtis was on a lot I think. Jones severance born December 23rd, 1958 which makes her 45 going on 46 right around Christmas time. Excellents. The last sunset, some movies she's making right now it's in post production in case anybody cares you care about. Well, this thing we got to hear was quite some years back on behind our beaded curtain if you're with the age of 95. You got 17 forms of ID and giant ass cropping that roll was eyes too much. And keep your hands under the or over there. We're keeping it yourself. Mystery woman on TV, cause of death. The last deduction. The next way of the love boat on a wonder I didn't like her. Life of the party, the panel I heard in story. In dark places, matter of trust, black scoping in two after shot profile for murder. And a whole bunch of made for TV. She had a zillion. I would tell you about 30,000 different movie and TV credits and there she is. Jones severance. What I say she had. Measurements by the way 3434C. 2335. Ha ha ha ha ha. And whatever happened to all those rumors too about that two fall. What group bump? 3434C. Yeah, what about that? Never heard anything. Yeah, you did. Don't you remember that was the part of the new progressive L watch. That was the base of the song. And was all about your crap. I'm going to come back and give everybody a smash. Oh, my, my, my. Oh, we're glad to tell you. He's going to be more psychic. Oh, answer right. He's not going to have a psychic because he's only filled to fill him. He's only to fill in him. Although, D foe is the rumor. But nevertheless, we don't want to put out a lot of stuff on the air. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I just wish my grandparents well. Okay, hope they get their just desserts. You know what I'm saying? Everybody should get what they deserve. That's right. I hope the good people get the good stuff and the bad people get the evil that they deserve. Well, I don't want to mention the beastly. Is there anybody like that? I do want to mention that more Howard David in head of your head. I'm going to have left in his contract when they started Howard's turn for the morning and this is somebody else had only a couple of months left in his contract that may figure in your summer. I don't know. I'm going to can't talk about it though. Now there's an article by Greg Coetex who's a real major asshole in the, uh, Harold this morning. How old Ricky we paid a team? Well, we, I don't give a flying crap about Ricky. Okay. But there are a couple of interesting things over here. Huh? You don't know. I don't give a flying crap about. Oh, Ricky. How do you like them apples, huh? How do you like them? Hot tamales. I mean, what would we do with Greg Coetex stuff? Greg, you're an imma so man. Maybe it goes with the name, you think? That must be the most important one around. It's a great disease. Drug is pull yesterday. Twin sex. Now you must have been thinking about this when you saw the picture of those identical twins on the back that I have, uh, mail up on a wall there. What's your name? I don't know. Just a joke. You're not, uh, I've got that calendar. Right. It's covered up though. Twin sex is great. But only if it's too hot chicks, 845 people said that. The disgusting insects. I'll have an insect. Yes. They are 85. Great. But only if it's too hot guys, 54. Okay. If they're identical, but not in the for turn of 45. And okay, if it's for turn of twins of the opposite sex, 25 out of 1154. What content that pool? Uh, who's his? Yeah, sure. Why not? Well, seriously, we'll talk to the other. There's a twin angle on the big brother show this. The big brother show. Yeah, they got some hot stuff. Oh man. And so I got a little bit of the hot girls doing it. Although the bush was also. So great context rights in his own incipit way. In the middle of these little bullet points, because he's got nothing to say. He says, notice how it's been a lot less windy lately. Or is it that Hank Goldberg's been off the year? Talk about hitting a guy while he's down. Talk about a gratuitous shot. I was going, Greg, you invested. You simple than. Sip her an idiot. Speaking of which he says, with Howard Stern about to join the orangish in the lineup, shouldn't we stop referring to WQM as an all sports station? Let me ask you this. Do we ever refer to a few Amazon all sports station? No, no, they do. No, they do, but what do we care? He says, shouldn't we stop referring to QM as an all sports station? Let me say this to you, Greg, co-text, and also Jim Sarny and Barry Jackass. Any other professional sports nerds out there? Well, we just have to have sports on sports sports. We're 24 hours a year for a crap. It's the most boring garbage man. Just like this morning, I'm hearing a big, oh, Randall and I Aaron is boring monotone about the dolphins. This and the dolphins that nobody lucky to win seven games. They won, that's a cool and all the stuff which we already know that. And Ricky Ricky, you know, maybe we could get to what's the thing? So I have to play for Paul. What do you think? It's been discussed. Line is fat hit up there, right on the line. I'm going to play the center of attention. 1013 at 5, 60 WQM, you're really screwed up. Not all sports any more stations starting August 16 with Howard Stern in a morning. He can go as long as he wants. If he wants to go on to 145 sounds, but the main is just because Those text and air clearance. You know, when you're moving or renovating, that's the best time to dial. What 800 mattress? Make that first night in your dreamhouse, Heavenly with a brand new top quality Brad name actress from Dahlamafters. You picked that eight and time for a little bit of your movie in schedule. At Dahlamafters is on time 99.7% of the time. What's not to like? Nobody's got a better selection of queen and keen size mattresses. Ready for immediate delivery than our friends at Dahlamafters. When you call one 800 mattress right now, you get a great mattress at this count price. Dahlamafters is ranked number one in customer satisfaction. We're winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau. Local Church of Excellence Award. When you call one 800 mattress, you'll choose to the complete line of ceiling. Sort of King Quill, Simmons, tempered pittic and Stern's of an analyst foster. Everybody around QA was called 1 800 mattress for our beds. You ought to be doing the same too because you never know when it's going to be time to go to the mattresses. Log out to mattress.com. We're giving a call right now. Two or free, 1 800 mattress and sure you're suffering very nicely for months and years to come with that 1 EC phone call 1 800 mATTRESRIMLINE. Macris.com. Forty minutes. убiously 5600. Two a mm. TH Missouri W место. it's the 20th of February. Have a campaign over 200. I'm gonna do high, that's how I feel I'm gonna make it by It's what's really empty And those who've built a beautiful Like a yellow line All my life, but for me you're mine And that's why we have a yellow line Catch, fixate The meaning of what these like to Which is that his face? With a shadow club and a new little star And they'd have to say One to two say Baby, have a yellow line The shadow club and they'd get the final And that's why we have a yellow line And they'd get the final And they'd get the final If I see that, we're going to have a lot of stories about that Which I'm sure you talked about exhaustively about the helicopters like I said Yeah, a little bit, not about the helicopters About the lake about this guy, this guy, this guy, we'll have a newer con They're foaming at the moth in Europe about that, especially the Brits I do want to repeat something I've said a million times You've brits our vushes silly twist, I have never Until this last European trip, which you will be my last for a long time I'm just burnt out Lot of Europeans really stink But at any rate, the Brits are just so silly, it's pathetic And Rupert Murdoch has taken that sky news thing to a new level It's a right wing news for about two minutes on a beach hour And the rest of it is all stupid ass sports Quick it and a football, that's with the U. of course Soccer and the cricket and cricket and rugby and soccer and cricket And that's it, that's all I talk about Man, then there was a story about a hundred and three Cocklers got rescued over the weekend Yeah, it's cocklers What's that? I have no idea, they are just like oyster fishermen They go out through in a water, they search for something Like it is your own imagination, okay? Cockers themselves, I would imagine that Is that what it is? What are our cockles shells? Well, here I'm showing you Seriously, what are they? But that's what I think maybe you got your sum on Maybe that's what that is, I was drinking something They mentioned that I don't know, I don't know I know as the Brits just make me nauseous and man I don't know how I'm alive I don't know how I'm alive and I'm just disgusting That guy to call that day about the Great British cuisine You should live so long, paly Man on land, go eat your bangers and imagine it lost I think Cocker is kind of clam More victims of who's your radio-hook service I want to get too many of these as serious stories on here right off the bat We don't want to offend those people that have been entertained by the Sure the queer and so right and notice you brought that one back again Not a cool it, very similar, yeah you did I don't know what that was on a puff It was something about toll wrestling and finger popp on the manly as man contact Oh, is that what it was? Yeah, yeah, it's a determinately, you never have to much near the queer Last week, investigators in Indianapolis filed six felony counts Three each for criminal confinement and identity deception Have you heard this story? No, against Richard Brown Yeah, Caramel For a ruling people who is house under the guys of a radio contest That's his name Now The Brown, yeah, I'm saying 14 new felony charges There's several victims that come forward, Brown allegedly phoned the victims Often than 50 grand or a new car While posting as an employee of MSC HR radio station WNOU radio now After arriving in the South, the victims all male were told to remove their clothing They're going to put on a very small t-shirt Sounds like can ID he got from Duff Authority's believes there may be more victims who are too embarrassed to come forward, Brown was already on Humbnautitian for a recent criminal phoned farmer conviction, this scam surface you like 29 What a man who went to Brown's residence noticed his ankle monitor He told police that the doors were locked when he tried to leave the video eventually was able to get out and drive away Yeah, take out your clothes and put on a really a t-shirt about two sizes to it's mall And then we'll see what happens from there Here's today's polls speaking of that, speaking of Richard Brown I love that thing about Duff the dump monkey, I guess you've already discussed this on here Well, we didn't discuss who it was going to be Well, we know that we're thinking deep dark secrety See this is what happens a QA and anytime I get what he's granted calls It's either Duff or Duff and Clarence together never Greg of course because Greg does not today He's a tuner of his to confabulate with me, he's not on my level, he's an idiot Not that Duff and Clarence around my level, but nevertheless, anybody else is level for that matter I get what he's breathless calls, all this is tough secret and don't say a word And then it's either in very jackass is column the next morning or everybody in the building is talking about it Now, just like the thing about Moindee, Mofo, right? The Moindee, Fo show, Mofo, what else would you call it? Because I think that fits into a toy, Mofo, you money Here's our poll today, what's our photo event of the past year? Do you think was the most important? What's our photo event of the past year? Do you think was the most important? Clear channel dumps Howard's turn WCWM brings back Howard's turn, next Monday August 16, by the way, 6, 2, 1, every good sun The heat gets shacked, shuck, Ricky Williams who tires, the Marlins win the world's serious And now we allow to talk about the Marlins anymore, not, I'll go ask Yeah, go get a memo from Joyce, over there in April, he'll have to let you any managers, he's probably busy orienting Muff Okay, and the last choice on our poll, Howard David fills in for Suspended, take Goldberg Let me read that one again, Howard David fills in for Suspended, take Goldberg That's the last of our choices, there might be some other big things happened in last year And so I'll throw it down, maybe an oversight, we'll find out From our audience, since I see we have just from Mindus, number of call come in and away Yep, for the call has been so far this summer, brutal, what do you mean by that? I'll just mostly create, you know, come on, okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on the AT and T And Verizon Wireless Line, Howard's firm has come to QM starting this Monday, and he means they say these splines are in 4 minutes Am I able to have a conversation about that? Yeah, how's me, I'll give a feel about having to wait to come on I think it's great, I hope he comes now, I hope he goes on to like 155 Great, sounds good to me Line 9, WQM hello I doubt it, we've been late Okay, good, WQM hello Yes sir, welcome back, towards you to great job Thank you very much He's taking you very much What the heck is going on in that station? Well, I have no question answer that's just gave them Yes, thank you very much, you know, I'll let you very much back Okay, you're welcome Okay, you're welcome Oh, and speaking of, I got to tell you a little story, okay Alright, I don't want to digress, but this made me so nauseated I'm out at wood vine casino, playing my slots like the old bag that I am And for whatever reason, I've put it to Chinese parallel impacts Yes, they've always had a lot of patches You've got protection there And a lot of Italians for whatever reason out there to Reese's Are there from where they're huge Italians, Italian's parallel to mob Is that what you're saying? That might be it But in any rate, so I'm sitting in my machine the other day And here comes this family, they're always in groups Here's Mama Sita and the daughter, you would like the daughter She's a little bit too young probably, but I don't know So I'm being too too She looks like a little like Christine Aguero, only cuter I'm patient But anyway, and so their plane wheel, I'll forge your right next to me, okay Now Mama sits down and of course the boil I sit in there Two, I don't know what they call it, and Tatiano But grandma, she's sitting there, and it is about for them And now the little girl who's about 17, she's hanging out on Mama Who's playing a machine like Stink on a Duff, okay And she's going feedbacks, feedbacks And I'm thinking to myself, if I ever doubted the impact That television destroying the minds of people around the world No, no, seriously, feedbacks, big bucks And she's not even spinning the wheel at this point She's just playing the all-underlines, you're just doing the feedbacks And then she would kiss her on the cheek I mean, this girl must have kissed her mother about Every minute, for long, you're one saying? Bucklocker, what is that? I don't know, maybe I'll just say anything What is that all about? Big bucks Oh brother, it was the most ending I'm sticking to myself Just lose, you know, just lose, go away And that's the immediate thing coming to my mind Lose real fast, don't get any spins, and all that I got a spin, ah, ah, big bucks, big bucks Big bucks, big bucks Yeah, big bucks, oh brother Take your TV and put it in the bottom of the pool Do everybody a favor, please Well, listen when you got the award-winning line If we got now on QIin and all the good stuff right I think that we can't talk about How am I gonna do this? Which way do you think you're gonna do? You way am What a joke, what an embarrassment Ricky William said goodbye Two four four four Hey, stop it! Oh Ricky, I can't do this I want to show you my hands And slip your tracks with my breezy nose Put your feathers over the cliff Now I'm pulling up my side For the season You dash my hopes up for everything Here's what I'll be my eyes Hold on with carefree's and my life must look over to you There's a way to see in my trailer And then I find you no longer here Down the days I'm on a trepid failure And hope my heart's full of all those sports Where's all my world of fears and fears How do they do that? If your toes are dark and wide out Have no hope, your eyes Fetch like slow-roading old moon Don't we go slightly? That only shacks from the street Back home Find my beautiful video there on our website Where do we get that? The Ricky William is a tribute video Or always stole it from somebody else That's a beautiful thing Sure, it's from what is it? Screw Ricky.com Yep Screw Ricky.com That's the place Maybe that's what Duff is working on Over there in Naples with Joyce By the way, Joyce, bite me Okay, that's my message to you honey Lusier What she knows about broadcast You couldn't have a symbol of having for a hangs ass How do you like that? I'll tell you what's in the bag I'm sorry So let's take a look at what we got here I think this is going to be right I think everybody's on vacation Including everybody inside the building In addition to which I said Greg being the expert at doing the old Humpty Dumpty routine When things get going real good He breaks the egg into a million pieces And tried to put them back together again We got Howard Stern coming And we got us on the air whenever we're good and ready Whenever we're how it feels like it everyday He's fine with us And then we got the highway-rated mandog It too I believe Oh, rock shows up whenever he feels like it now He said just star he hit me on today Jim mandog mandage We'll be on the two And then at four course till six thirty It's more Howard David It's fully and pretty suspended hang goberg And then you got the Marlins on record six thirty The Marlins hurt the Cardinals 705 The night Marlins kind of in a lot better not so that I'm probably get sued or something And then you get to the baseball game And say the Marlins are like only 500 and like seven and a half games out of first place And really kind of like found really lately In fact the Marlins it seems to me I could be wrong Josh Curtis But it seems to me that there were problems when they play a crappy team Montreal and Arizona to the worst teams in history of baseball Yeah, they were when they played those teams They like lose almost every game I haven't they lost like six in a row to Montreal That's right Something like that See you a little bit But don't worry, Saint Louis is in first place So we'll beat that Oh there you go the best record baseball Cardinals would be inside the night see a better go over there or watch the game I'll tell you 31 votes on the poor pretty weak What's off for the vend of the past year do you think was the most important The Marlins win the world series 10 The heat gets tracked nine WQ and brings back Howard Stern nine Third channel dumpster in five More Howard David it fills in for suspended hang goberg five And Ricky Williams retire is only three Well that's pretty shocking in it Why is that So do you think I'm in dollar Ricky Williams pure there was there even a Bush never saw if you were like that If you want to sit there looking at the runs for us picture Come any QA and hello All right, let's take a meal Speaking Yeah, I thought I ride Hey, are you still looking to your show back in the late 90s or on the time when I'll pee We got caught doing a thing up in the cinema up in Barred great And I just moved back to our floor to some of the military and That's the here. Yeah George went to want a great job and And fit the good to hear you okay? Thanks for the good news. Whatever you're talking about five six out of no five six Steve Pong people using series total by the way WQ and hello What's up new? Yes, sir The master of quick question and I agree with you and I've already a position I would agree with the same way that you said that is Howard ends up at at WC-59 PM you could care less one 5945 sounds good to me Let me up because I've never heard you go from 10 to 3 because you were never Did that he had more money if he goes over or what is it motivated to like no I mean, I see he's got a big ego. That's his motivation is he's the key to the university He goes to the university Huh? When you're working the cow when you're making a kind of money that he's making about 30 Mill a year you're not working for free pali Figure it out by the minute That's a good idea. I appreciate it. I keep doing it. Okay, see you. Ask the cameo be this. Yeah, Howard's working for free for 30 million That's a bargain. Yeah, in fact I'll give you one of my co-rethes for 40 grand. How's that for you? Five six seven, five six be pound five six be on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line. You're right. We got the little core of who the other sitting out there And we're having their circle jerk and that's about it. Oh, the good. I can start again WQM line nine. Hello. Where do you see the America WQM line two next? Hello. 2 AM. 2 AM. Do you want? Do you want to try? He's been calling everything. Who's that? The quiet man. So whisper. Oh, why is going? I'm ready still alive. I'm second thought. WQM. Hello. Daniel, how's it going? All right. Have you personally talked to Hank in the first couple weeks? No, I have not. I don't know. And no, I have not. Man, I want Hank. That is ridiculous. The one with a big pair of things. They just run them all, you know? And then clothing. Shumbooyee. Sorry, ports are about the engine show. More cranks than anyone could ever have expected. Really? Yeah. And he doesn't really like you know, because the concentration is that. It's a different way. Right. People are awake. People are noticing the difference. That kind of man. Right. Well, how can you not? Absolutely. Huh? I mean, this is a guy that they wanted to desperately get out of there. And now they're going to put him on the fact we've got him on and how we're in a Howard Drive. Holy Toledo man. As Rick Weaver would say, I tell you one thing that Moei no Rick Weaver. Guaranteed. Even George. You don't care about football even he knows that. Like I think the dolphins have disintegrated so badly. These last couple seasons. You notice? If it's just a coincidence. No. I think there's something to it. I think it's the jet's curse that he brought. What software to benefit of the past year do you think was the most important? We've got pretty Paul Frenumber here. 67 votes. I don't think there's anybody in town you're right. I thought that June and July, like from the middle of June until the end of July, but I think maybe August from now to Labor Day is likely to definitely day. It's sure in my right. The Dolgers. 67 votes. The Marlons win the World Series 23. WQM brings back Howard Stern. Next Monday by the way, August 16. A dozen. The heat did shack 11. More Howard did it. It fills in for the suspended takeover. 9. Third channel dumps Howard Stern. 7. Ricky Williams, who tears only five. Probably the dolphin people got peoed when they heard me make that in tempered. Come at about that chronic color. Carl, that was on with the big this morning. Or more likely, nobody was listening to the big this morning because he's just terminal and don't belong on the ear. Even to say hello and goodbye. He is just brutal. Get him off an air car and see you idiot. Oh and guilty. By the way, speaking of the odd man out. Who's on vacation this week? Which it seems like everybody's on permanent vacation except aerosmere. Gildy is still going to be hanging around. He's going to be doing a little of this and the panthers games that they were playing in. Which at A looking too good for a season this year. That's looking really, really slim and grim. But he'll be just kind of like hanging around. Like he goes down. After all, we didn't have Gildy who could go like that or. Huh? Yeah. Have to probably tell Chuck Enoch. WQM, hello. Yes sir. I wanted to find out what do you think where America will be and I'll be in the 2018. Chapter to Bush when it's the second time. Why do I think what? The West. This, uh, well we're, well we'll be in the other. We'll be anywhere you'll be burning in hell hopefully. Roasting roasting and toasting like a human marshmallow. Ah. Twenty-two eleven at five sixty WQM. Oh, by the way David Ross is still a real f***hole. That was nice out. Um. We obviously got that from one of the inside one of our insides. I don't know if you've heard about about the third man. And she channeled. I'm going to be telling you, for one of those confidential members. Or you can be sure of the on our website on your外ges.com. Ed Redd on the earth, which is right. And read on your numerous tools. How about that wall of med that thought you'd be interested about that? Trying to rationalize about how Ron and old Paul are going to be just perfect for them. Right and old Paul who lost half of Howard's audience in the morning in the first book. In addition, which could mean to be jinxing stinks there from Jacksonville, what at the Redneck Cowboy and Rice Show that sounds data. Dixie and Pixie. Yeah, Dixie and Pixie, right. God beat out by them on Zeta. How do you like that? So Ron and old Paul just try to rationalize as always. Let's face it, David. You're an old, old, old, old, old, old, old. You're silly, old, old, old. That's what they're on, can't tell me. Silly old clown. And I score with a revolutionary programming with Randy on tape. Now Frank can do an his news, a news, a news, what is that to see? Yes, they show out of go for a big and little banana. Oh, you must have heard it then. No, I just heard the, the, the, this. Well, no, I did see him on tape. I thought he did. He did. He did. He did. He never answered the claim. And it was a line off between him and, uh, what's his name there on CNN? Well, that performance was spectacular. Aaron, the reddish. But he's right here. Haven't talked about A.L.s. The recharged, the toner recharge cartridge specialist for the past few weeks. A lot of you have called that toll free number. Thank goodness. 1,800, 2,872, 12 and you saved a lot of money on your printing and office equipment supplies. For those of you who haven't called, what you'd be waiting for. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. And don't mess with her Xbox so you're going to... Get her out of there. Honey like that story. Yeah. In Dalton and Ola. So I just replace to stay away from my thing. Yeah, that's a good idea. Anywhere in your orlando just didn't allow away from it. A.L.s. A.L.s.s. A.L.s.S. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s. A.L.s.s. and the people who came to the court and had a suspect on a hand-biting nor a con, but he was still cooperating with Pakistan authorities as part of a sting operation against Osama Yamama Zalkhad network thereby compromising his cover. Did you see what they did? They had a contact by computer all of these sign balls. They only probably in that the Tom Reginald, these idiots here in the US, they decided to like out the, get the breathless story out there. See what we're doing? What did I tell you a couple months ago? I had those stories about the tremendous pressure to bring in on the Pakistanis. If they can't at least get the sign by Osama by Election Day, get some big fish. So they got their hooks out. It's not there who was the first to disclose con's name, but his unmasking criticism on both sides of the political spectrum, as well as speculation about the motives behind the leak. There's nothing like a bad leak. Security and terrorism are top issues for both parties in this US presidential elections. I respectfully request an explanation to me and any other member of Congress might wish one of who leaked this Mr. Khan's name for what reason was leaked and whether reports that this leaked compromise speech or intelligence activity are accurate. Chuck Schumer of the Democratic New York Road. Information from computer expert Tom led the US to issue a high alert financial institution against the possible al-Qaeda tech earlier this month and led Britain to arrest al-Qaeda suspects, but they do it differently over there. Even though the brits are silly as people, nevertheless, when it comes to their law enforcement, they got a, a leg up. You know what I mean by that? Yeah, they got a leg up. Must be those hacks. Helicopter tours proceed described warnings. Let me say it again. And there was there was I saw myself live on CNN, which is just sympathetic, but it's all I knew. I saw myself Tom Ridge comes out there and there's no room for partisan politics in homeline security and they come out with because of the tremendous efforts and the great job that the president's doing on fighting terrorism that we able to bring into this information. Right. That's for your own information. Right. Helicopter tours proceed despite warnings. Tourists board at helicopters for sightseeing tourism in the York area yesterday. Despite reports that al-Qaeda had considered using tour of, tour of copters and terrorist attacks. We're all here and all together said, Deseld Dorque of Martinique reportedly, Liberty helicopter tours chopper with their family. The FBI sent to bulletin's Friday night to police at the government officials nationwide, the first warned of a possible helicopter threat in the US city. Al-Qaeda's apparently considered the use of helicopters is an alternative to recruiting operatives for fixed wing aircrafts at the bulletin's uptank yesterday by the A&P. The second bullet warns that terrorists have also considered using reddle vehicles around old and the zines to conceal powerful bombs when a bomb agrande. And this like I said about the Statue of Liberty would make sense to me if we really believe those four year old targets in the York City are valid currently that we would reopen the Statue of Liberty since it's been close since the day after 9-11. And only we open just a few days ago right on the heels of top bridges and breathless this hysterical announcement. Right. This like Michael Morris says, Keep on panicking, keep in the scare, keep in the state of psychosis. 560560, 556, the only AT&T horizon where this line. How do you QA and hello? Yeah, I got a loop. A name? Not a name, but a um... Interfant? Yeah, and a myth. And what is that? Well, it was when not fully closed down and I had to listen to you guys so much. I mean, you guys just can take off and I really wish I could go back home to my old state tonight. Go back home, go back to you. But you know something after their progressive radio, or a mercetaker takes a big dump. You probably go right back to RFI. So just stay tuned, man. Well, I don't do that, I mean, because this is just a thing. I want sports radio in. And that's a great radio. Baby, they're right nothing like sports radio. Hey listen, don't get us walking. Maybe somebody are reading too. Shmuck. 567-0560, 556 on the AT&T and Verizon where I was flying. Maybe if there was anybody listening to WRAFX to our sports radio in the first place. Maybe they wouldn't have changed the format. How do you like that, punk? Is it Moiran? In fact, Moiriz is on this afternoon. Now, is he on? He's doing solo right now? Until they bring him VFO? Yeah. Oh, god, you've got to be shmitting me. He has absolute pathetic. Moiran, he afternoon, all by his lungs, and that is frightening. Scary thought. And then we got Moiran alone, and then we got the big- Oh, I'm warning you, this guy had a good point, I think. I think the tickets were going to kick our ass. Just when we had to, see, Greg, we did a crazy person. I would just stay with that, without any shadow of it out. He's a crazy person. And he must have naked pictures of all the bees that he's including. That wasn't an enjoyable, but air would bully goats or something. Because he's got them wrapped around his little finger. And all the other fingers too. And every time he comes up with some crazy cock-a-man-me-me-I-D, he just has to blow up the whole radio station. Just when we, you know, if they wanted to be the sports station, didn't we own the market? I mean, the station was like the cash cow. We were making all that money, the millions, so that they could afford the franchises, the dolphins, and all the other crap. So they could play a sports radio. And all of a sudden he decided, well, sports radio is a very expensive way to go, and all of a sudden, he doesn't know what the hell he wants. He doesn't know which hand a whitewood. And now, of course, with all the stuff, going on, guess where Greg's on, he's on vacation. All this garbage is going on. The audience in a state of total confusion in chaos in turmoil, even the muff mice you offered to me, that this could be a worse possible time for a f***er be off the air. Of course, I can't mention the name who why he's off the air, even though he is suspended. Can I mention it? Who? Exactly. 560560. 560560. You sports, there's man. 5-5. Gold. Gold. Gold. And one thing I do want to say, I'd be remiss not to say Joe Rhodes at a great job, man. Yes, he did. Sell them as a guy done. Such a good job who's been so poorly treated, so badly screwed over. Air, so. So it's to be a really good guy. Yeah, we like Joe. Joe's a fine people. He's always been good to us. Yeah, I've got a good sense of humor. He gets it. He's taken too seriously. But unfortunately, he was led down the garden path. And now, all of those meetings that didn't take place in all of Greg going at a hiding, hiding under the desk, hiding under the little wind, screwed all of these things that were going on. Now, it's coming to find out. And we see the reason why. Because while he was, you know, a cover in his own ass, they're trying to keep Joe Rhodes on and can case maybe we couldn't pull off the deal with A, it's Howard. Howard Spam. Well, you know, then we were just playing him along. Like a sucker. But Joe being the wise guy that he is, he took off. Was it a week ago Saturday, which is last broadcast on QM, I believe? That sounds about right. I read it on the paper. I read everything online because nobody inside Tony knows anything. Well, we do. We would just got a lot to say. I see. Well, we can say crap anymore. And what's really interesting about this is that this company, which is putting Howard's turn on your right now, when it comes to everything else, they're like being in their pants. If you're far through wrong flavor like having a meeting with Joe and Naples over the early corporate attorney to find out if so, we're going to get finds for being the wrong flavor. While I was on vacation for a little Georgian Josh Cornist there had to be called on the carpet and I don't know if I can talk about it or not, but I will anyway about some of the big nose the yid out there got upset about something you said. What do you say? You said big noses? Something like that. So what's wrong with that? And I also said they were cheap. Yeah. And you said as far as these readings are concerned in aerial showroom. Tasha, what's wrong with that? And I asked second end emotion. Maybe that's why I got that call from Gary Sarner. Don't you ever call me at home again. Gary Sarner, you crazy bastard. You are a little bit there and uncoach your house. I was about that guy. I'm going to send a bunch of crazy Arabs in there. I'm kosher in his house. Just out of spite. You do just like a throat cheese. Oh, I told me these are messages in my answering machine here yesterday. Thank the Lord. Thank God. And I wasn't home on that call came in. It doesn't tell me what he's calling about. It doesn't come in before the show this morning which are good friend Troy Troy the boy comes in. Troy Stratford is one of the only rational salespeople that we got. In fact he may be the only one. Right. Even anybody out? Well did I tell you about high boy being in the hospital? No again. Yeah. But minor stroke you might have wanted to see I have had two of those. I can't imagine why. He had a stroke. Yeah. I'll be damned. Pretty didn't die. Yeah. What did he say when he woke up? Hi, I'm how he. And this is the hospital now. Yes, far as I know. I'd say we wish him all the best but we didn't do it many times. Quitting you fat, cover, crap. Bigger please quit eating. Enough of the eating already. I'll see it's important for lunch. What a joke. So he's back in the hospital again. That place is just, that last caller there I want to apologize you knew be half. Because he, he had his thumb right on the whole deal. I apologize. Right. WRFX. In fact maybe that a certain Monday when student comes out our station they had to go back to the all sports thing again. Kick our ass. And then when the ticket comes on that ESPN radio that nobody listens to, a Joe's going to have a following. He'll have some audience. And do you see who's the PD over there? The brain trust? Yes indeed. Arts is right. Oh man, I wonder if parents is going to be feeding them guests over there to take it with Robert Lerent. Do you gots? The other thing is you heard me tell you about Chuck Alphiere and his pendant her system. Charles Alphiere simply the best in the business for over 35 years providing amazing natural look and hear systems that are virtually 100% unprotectable is introducing the latest development in her restaurant called the new laser life therapy treatment. It's used for treating fine and thinning hair. Now this new treatment that is FDA certified, restores her and scale back to its healthiest state while increasing hair shaft density and volume and who would want increased the density of their shaft. The new laser life therapy and its cool light laser devices affect about both men and women as a painless non-invasive treatment that is complete in about a half an hour. Charlie and a staff of witness dramatic results for this new system that impedes here fall off of those with fine and thinning hair. So stop thinking that by some type of mirror filter, thinning hair is just going to snap falling of the sink shower or whatever. Get Charlie and call him anymore about the new laser life therapy treatments and how it can solve your thinning hair problems. It truly can change your life and the way you look. Call that tool for your number. There's no obligation called 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 around the web. It's Charles Alphiere.com. And low. This is 4-20-56. It's Alan. How it David. I think there's no government. It's my deal with the time. It's like a big thing's odd. You're out of his mind. Yeah. So be gay. I'm so busy. There's no big promises in your head. I don't want to hear from those. That he's restoring things. Oh, we know it's the same as the ads. What's that going to democracy? I guess we're going to see that. When you're seeing one, that he's being... ...beautiful. We'll be played out on America's exploring death at a rapid rate more so than ever before, man. We're killing them all over the world. Mickey, these in Burger King's pop-up everywhere. Aren't you excited? Oh, yeah. At least about the Mickey D's part. Exporting death. What do you mean by that? Or just a little shot. Here's a fact that says, why is... ...suspended? Or was he farted? Why was he doing more guilty during the 5-8 year? But they didn't do it together. The past couple of weeks and he says, no more big. Oh, what I said. Well, I was out over the place. We can't tell anything. Okay, because we know about... ...and we sure don't know about that. Okay? That's to do what QMF in way. We're going to be really rock-us in cutting edge and outrageous and put in how it's turned show on in the morning, but as far as anything else we can say, crap. Does that make sense to you? No, no. In other words, we lie a lot. Which is the grid read motto anyway, right? So why the house shouldn't we just go along with it? Why not? Let's see. Here's another one. It says, important event floored at a major. You've pushed aside to reduce that to one state funding for our early intervention programs for artistic children under three years old. My son is two years old and his artistic. He asked a good Bible about 50 grand a year funding for treatments and therapies. Looks like you have once thought it's children like my son to wind up in a vegetative state, like his brother, W. It says, I'm thoroughly peowed as what it says. I don't play Mr. more power to a good luck to him. What 70 or 80 times is no member, please. Speaking of voting, anti-carrying vets led by a long time GOP operative bank road by Bush Cronies. This late as smear campaign. Swiftboard veterans for the truth? Yeah, we've posted some stories about them. The so-called independent group of Navy vets who have launched the tax against democratic presidential contender John Kerry's led by a long time Republican operative and finance by GOP contributors which strong ties to President George W. Bush. What is surprise about those ties in it? Proties? The Republican roots in the group stretch back to former Republican president Nixon when one of the group's leaders former Swiftboard commander John O'Neill was recruited by the White House to consult Chuck Coulson to debate Kerry on the Dick Cavitcher when 1971. We find a vet named John O'Neill informed a group called Vietnam veterans for a just piece. We had O'Neill meet the president. We did everything we could to boost his group post and told reporter Joe Klein and January 5 interview published in New York Magazine. O'Neill did not serve a Kerry in Vietnam. I didn't know him, but Nixon was anxious to find a veteran any veteran to debate the veteran anti-war activist Kerry. In the end failed, the eloquent Kerry wiped the floor with O'Neill and those closest to the Republican O'Neill say he never forgave Kerry for embarrassing a monashable TV. O'Neill went on a clerk for Supreme Court Justice William Rennquist in Nixon appointee and became an attorney in Houston where he was active in Republican politics in 1991. Texas lawyer magazine reports O'Neill was on the shortlist for a prominent federal director of Texas by Bush's father, former president George Herbert Walker Bush didn't get to job by the way. O'Neill is still working for the Republican Party as lead author of Unfit for Command, Swift broke a veteran's speak out against John Kerry, scheduled for released as week by Wrecking, publishing house Regnery. The group is also bought a half million dollars a vera time for a 60 second attack at against Kerry to wear in the battleground states of Wisconsin or Ohio and West Virginia. After they would lie you understand, you get that don't you? After they would make up a bunch of crap. In addition to which, a co-author of the anti-curious screen is a religious bigate hate-monger when gay bashers says that Islam should be eliminated because Senator Hillary Clinton ate a list bowl and says, wag heads are void bumpers as thoroughly as they are women haters. Islam is like a virus rights derung Corsi who were long times GOP operative John O'Neill wrote the book as part of a project financed by Texas Republican contributors with strong ties to the Bushmeister. Islam affects the mind-corsi rights, maybe even veterans in analogy it is a cancer that destroys the body it infects. No doctor would hesitate to eliminate cancer cells from the body. Corsi posted these comments on the anxious free republic dot com website November 26, 2002 he's a regular contributor to the right wing website posting out of the screen handle of JRLC since 2001. A frequent gay bash across the under-number 18 2001 posted isn't the democratic party official sidelizer protection association of america. He reserved the same hatred toward Catholics so this is what the last days of the Catholic church are going to look like buggering boys undermines the moral base and the lawyers ripped the gold off of attic and altars. We may get one more pope when the senior old one dies but that's probably about it. When I started to get warm you had like that. Corsi refers to democratic nominee John Kerry is John F.ing. Kerry instead on February 2nd 2004 the John F.ing. John F.ing. Kerry and Tommy Ted Kennedy discussed their plan to hand him our cover to our nation's enemies. His religious bigotier stands to Judaism with his march 4th 2004 post after he married parrisa didn't John Kerry begin practicing Judaism. He also has paternal grandparents that were Jewish what religion is John Kerry. Besides John Kerry take Kennedy Arab's Muslim Catholics in Jews, Corsi also hates building Hillary Clinton. A sampling. Hillary loves the Arab so much kiss kiss kiss misses Arab Arab rat wonder how she'd look in a burka. When is this guy built Clinton gonna would be simply an anti-American communist won't he and his leftist wife simply go away? Let the fat hog run a reference to possible presidential run by Senator Clinton post August 30th 2003. Ask anybody why Hillary couldn't keep bill of BJ bill satisfied not a lesb or anything you see? Corsi admitted on free republic dot com March 19 this year that he was JRLC head in that VVAW and John Kerry are a few other ventures to me in 1972 he's his a public extensive study of the political protest around the city to democratic republic and national conventions in Miami Beach protest in which the VVAW was actively involved. Jerome R. Cross E. JRLC on free republic. I'll be happy to clarify any other questions you might have he said y'all. So in other words this is a bunch of crap written by ultra right wing bigoted in the end of thoughts just on behalf of the same kind of right wing bigoted in the end of thoughts that are running for reelection. For the father do it together. Here's how that polls coming nothing to a sighting. Now is this really true that Clarence and Duff came right again and made you stop a poll in progress? Yes. What was the first segment and it was doing really well too. Yeah I mean we only got 196 votes on this one now you had a hundred and about two minutes on that one. But it was just a speculation poll you know. Right about somebody getting like. Just spending a fired what you take on the suspension you know. Right like for option. 109 to say what's off the road of the past year. Do you think was the most important the Marlins win the world series 77. W. Hugh and brings back Howard Stern 39 the hef gets shack 28 more Howard David and goes in for suspended hand girl berg 24. Clarence handled drops a dumps Howard's turn 18 and Ricky Williams returns only ten. How come we didn't add on there WRF X drop sports. I guess we could. Let's get down there for that one call or okay for that duck and plug to call. I want to see about sports and sports and five five five five over here. Yeah all day long. On the walls on the ceiling. On the other side is underwear. Five sports. Great nothing else. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and 18 Verizon wireless lines. See it looked for a few seconds there when this whole Stern thing started. It was going to be really magnificent like the beastly finally worked up and they were going to pay us certain people to go away. I don't want to mention your name. That they've been trying to unload for a long time anyway. And that it was going to be a happy family that we're going to like just be a powerhouse. And that would look like right. Now powerhouse used to be the name of a candy bar. Do they make that anymore? I don't know. Now see think about it. No. W. W. Hugh. W. Hugh. Yeah. How about your pardon? Speaking. Speaking. Speaking. Yeah. Neil. One of your. English listeners. You've spoken so much. Why is that? You people are so constipated. So loud and obnoxious and drunk. Because we can. I see. I'm. Pull something up online yesterday. I went to fill up a description online. I don't know if you're aware of what's happened recently. I can't get any online medication. The state of Florida anymore. Something. Something is snuck through last week. Yeah. I know. Cuck is that we have air. It's quite surprising. Now I can't get my dick pills online. What do you just say? Yeah. What you thought you'd eat that he said. Oh. And you dumped it. Of course I did. Well. I couldn't wait to hear what he was saying. What I don't know. I'm not sure. See I was right. Power. We had a dump here. Maybe you can say that in England. What? You can't hear. I was going to ask him about those cocklers. Maybe they're going to be sex. Which is sex. A cockle is the kind of muscle. Is this? Yeah. I'll be damned. Well thank God those cocklers got saved in the Britain over the weekend. 130 of them. Doing their thing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, 6, 6, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WBQA and hello. Hey, I mean, why in the world went you guys the other mention about Hank when it was published in the paper and everything else? Because this is WQA and. I mean, whatever paper was for a large yellow, uh, some sent out headed in there and hit old storybook. Okay. How the hell? Yeah. I saw them both. Yeah. I mean, it doesn't make any sense. Well, you guys can talk about that. Well, the design thing that Greg weed does make any sense? Uh, no. I mean, uh. The other thing is I can't imagine. Poor Hank's there. You know what I mean? Who? Hank, my buddy Hank. Careful now. Okay. The guy here is a ghost. It's the guy that he is the most at the stage and is taking over for. Yeah. I mean. Oh, I guess we'll go to 790 in no time at all. That's what I'll be. Alright. Thanks. You know. I'll be at 790. Wax CFM. Whatever. Whatever that is. They got a terrible signal I should point out. I sure hope that those uh, businessmen from what's the place where the Jews live in Hollywood there. And who will? I hope that there's due businessmen from Hollywood. I understand that they're buying a station or they're leasing a station. That's got in spite of what the dentist uh, the majority. Dennis, what's his name from uh, or Jefferson pilot? Collins? Dennis Collins. This find his assurances. I'm sure that it's a fine station. There's signals. Go, go, go. I mean, you think we got a bad AM signal. We got snap crackle and pop at least you understand what we're saying. But I'm there. It's like like the talking through about four ounces of cow stuff. So that would be really entertaining. Although Joel have been audience over there like I told you. Little dog. Great job, Joe. I feel really bad about that. He was a fine lead in. We liked him. Everything was going along great. And we're meant to be seen now. Of course, we've always been like an island on this station. Anyway, no matter who we followed. Because you know, we were not doing the same topic. Uh, and uh, following steering, it'll be the same thing. There's not going to be a list in do my could pay any attention to what they're doing. We're talking about an antrusted in, uh, you know, in lesbos and the big boobs. Although you are, but even so I just, uh, not into it. Well, you can't see any other radio. I see. But you can sure talk to a lot of them. I can't. It's 11 13 at five, 60 WC boobs. You've heard me talk about dry concepts for years on me show nothing is changed. When it comes to having your carpet furniture drip or clean, you only need you to be thinking about his dry concepts. Let's face it. Your carpet is as bad as your sink when it comes to being a collector of germs. There's lots of schmutz down in there. So called dry concepts today and sanitize your entire home. Dry concepts has got certified technicians. You can trust in your home. They'll dry clean your carpet like you directly in your clothing. And guess what? The stains go away and don't come back. Do you wear those 595 room scams? I promise you take it for me. You'll never get ripped off by dry concepts because they give you a written guarantee price up front before they start doing their work. They dry clean your carpet and they make it look and smell just like brand new. Follow the limity freshest brand couple of hours. And also get brand new late right on your floor. So you really can clean today and retain tonight. So when you're at your carpeting, your area of your wabs you drape your upholstery, your expensive- accessories that all these things visit the people you want to call. But over 20 years continue with service in South Florida and over 20 years of doing it. My homes. And don't forget to save a little bit extra off the price unit's carpet painting by Song The Poche on your stand by list when they call. Or when you call them whoever calls who name call to all free. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5-071 for dry concepts on the webbitchstrikes.com. That's dry concepts making coverage clean in South Florida since 1979. Nye! And low-oast! This is for Sri Oasis! Oh, man! Oh, man! Roger's right! No, another page from the audio book version of Bill Clinton's autobiography, My Life. Last night was quite possibly the worst night of my life. After a day filled with meetings and phone calls with world leaders, I retired to the residents to seek solace. I flipped on the tube to catch some of my favorite show American gladiators. Wow! May I let Blaze get my blood pumping? Anyway, just as Blaze was swinging across the monkey ropes, the bedroom door flung open. It was as if the doors of hell, themselves had opened, standing there before me, the most gruesome side I had ever behelded. Beholded. Be. I didn't know. Check me on that! If I had a melon ball or candy, I would have removed my own papers. There was Hillary. Nye could as a super bowl striker, without the advertisement on her chest. She wanted the commander and thief. That's a pet lane from a baby. It had been over a decade since we had done the filthy hump and bump. She came at me, lips burst, eyes glazed. She had obviously been drinking. Happily. I began to think of interns naked and searched from a secret stash of vagra. There was no escape. Page. She jumped on the bed. And it was as if my world came crashing down. When in reality it was the bed. She broke it. The 100 year old dad that had belonged to Teddy Roosevelt. Gone. And one thundering leap of love. But the sound of crumbling oak did not slow her pursuit. It was as if I was being attacked by a Sasquatch. Hillary had long ago forgotten any personal grueling. Page. Two and a half minutes later, mercifully, it was over. As I watched her droopy bottoms sway towards the bathroom. Some arm of it. I had to. I knew I was in a mason lover. But I had forgotten just how horrible it was to make love with someone you are very to. I like the strange. Wow. Two and a get next time for another page from the audio book version of Bill Clinton's autobiography, My Life. 2020 is 560 WQMA. Dog is on today. One of his rare appearances. And he'll be on 2 to 4 that we got the Howard David for the suspended hangover show of four. Followed by the Marlon stuff. How come so many people in the world smell so bad? I don't know. So per like. Just I don't know. There's no excuse for it. No not really. Middle East and people stink. Yeah. They have that like the kind of unshaven like Arab men and probably somebody is really too. I shouldn't say that. We'll get that Gary Scherner friend going again. But what is it about that? It's different in different places. Yeah. Yeah. It's different. What's acceptable? What passes as acceptable? I would assume. What's a mingle of the passage is acceptable is not smelling at all. Right. That's not. Well, if you don't have to have like in fact people are too much alone like men. Usually it's women. But some guys just like like they bathe in it. Right. It's beads in it. Tawhom powder whatever it is. Probably just as well. You're right. Are you picking on the crow? I would never. The crow did pretty good on his mow sidekick. The mow is grow. That kind of a rendew it although I do like that mow fore show. Sounds good. I hit a lot. Get mow for you money. I can see the billboards right now. I'm going to court that I shall leave you. I'm going to get all made out of shame. I'm going to take those games away from you. If you don't get me, I'm off of that thing. We don't want to be connected to that bill. No, not with all the crap you guys got going on down there, right? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Town fires, I'm shocked. I thought that the steering people be calling in by the thousand-maybe you've already exhausted all that last week. I guess, but they only had one card at. What was that? How is the young gonna feel about having the weight to go on the air? That's the only thing that I've only taken on Howard's steering coming on this station. Maybe the steering people don't know about it yet. Maybe. Oh, you remember that call I had the last call I thought to myself, you know, I'm supposed to keep this top secret. And the last call I'll be foot-ed Marlon Gamelan that there's been a far-lifter vacation. And I just punched up line nine. Oh, all the lines were ringing, but that's my luck. I punched up line nine. And there's an obvious setup call. Oh, what's this about scared coming to QMX all over the internet? Well, it must have been from New York. It was from there inside, right? Must have been. Sure, because that's the way they do things anyway. All the publicity all the time. But keep in mind, if a publicity will end for the moment after he goes off the air. You see what I'm saying? Right. I'm not deluding myself into thinking that there's going to be some kind of a, how do I put it? Some kind of a common ground there. It ain't going to happen. That's not the way. In fact, if you had any idea of all the things that they have to agree not to do when they sign a deal for this security steering show, you would just pee your pants. You wouldn't believe it. Like what? Like anything, you can't, he won't do any promos for anybody else. It's a voice on the air in any other day, part. And you can't do this. You can cut his hair to short because they're putting it in the sandstone and all these other things. Oh, you didn't say David Samson, you do. Well, so many things that we just can't, I don't know. We're going to kind of to play music, really. We can't even say, we did it! Can't say that anymore either. We did it! Wow. Come on, talk it up. Can't stand it. This is the man with the balls of our fruit fry, Greg Reed. But he's going to show everybody, man, he's the guy to brought Howard's turn back on me. Oh, yeah. Can't wait to see that. WKWM, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. This is Neil. You don't, Neil. There are 54 U.M. players right now in the NFL. And? I think that's awesome. So, I don't like care about that. It's all about the change and it's like, like, care about that. Because we love the change. You love the change. So, your get-er life, or K-Sh-Moth, loser, call us for snorkeye, call us ticket. Okay. Let him put down a hold till September 1. Who gives a flying crap about that? And 54, how many of them are on the death row, by the way? 53? W-2-Q-A-M, hello. Good to see you. Good to see you. Yes, sir. Sir. I saw you. You were talking about Donna Shalala earlier. Uh, who do you think is going to win the world, Siri? The Yankees are the... 5-6, that old 5-6y. 5-6y on the 18-2, as well as I saw you talking about having no material, may you were right. But you're getting way better cause than I did. I know how bad. Yeah, at least these people can spell us. W-Q-A-M-Hoe. Hey, Neil. Howard did talk about your station last week. Yeah, what he's saying? What do you say? What do you say? He says something about the dolphins, not liking it, and that's a may... Yeah, for two other options. Right. That's tough. Basically he says that's tough, that's tough, that's tough to have, it's not his decision. Mm-hmm. So he did mention it. Well, that's not what that's talking about our station, that's not promoting Q-A-M. And that's a name. Well, okay, he didn't say promote the station, but he didn't mention that he's going to be on in South Florida. Well, of course, of course he did that because it's part of the whole ego thing, actually, he did that. Yeah, that's true. But I honestly, I don't remember. I don't know whether he actually used the call letters or not he made up, but I honestly don't remember. Ha ha ha ha. I was a pain like that. Yeah. It's power. I wasn't saying a sentence just background noise, you know. There you go. There you go. Okay. Okay, I'm going to be a sea of five. 26 after 11, how do you like that? See, I think with the dolphins again, when I edit Jones says, well, we would prefer to be on a sports station and the Greg Reeth says, well, as a fitting for the chance, you know, maybe we'll have him maybe run after this season. Who cares? First of all, it means you all have televised anyway. That's number one. Secondly, you have to carry on your FM, which we got about power, right? So nobody really listens on QM anyway. So what's the hand? They're in S.F. Yolk. They're also in S.F. Yolk, QBA, I believe. Right? Well, I wouldn't know where they are, but I know the Marlins are in QBA. So I would assume that they probably also carried the, maybe maybe not who knows. But they are in S.F. Yolk, we know that. So I thought, is it like about how many people are we really talking about? Not good man, but it affects plus an addition of what you got the more fact. You're totally totally. Who don't want to hear that? 26 after 11 and 5, 60 WQM, Emerald Code, South Florida's best Asian Buffets proud renounce the rival of, see you, fast. Come in here, we can, I beg you pardon you, copy. We were ready to come in on the weekends in your grilled, see you. Scampy. Now look at this, they've got that twice, they must like the way you say it so much. They've got, enjoy grilled shrimp, shrimp, scampy, cocktail, and peeling, and hammer. For you, something like S.F. K.M. He says, doesn't he sound fruity when he starts losing it like that? Even hanging around with George too long, I think. So Emerald Code is no ordinary Asian Buffet, the service is impeccable, you'll never leave on an empty stomach, I guarantee you that. Start with six different soup samples, doesn't it? A set of the non-phrase, including New York, strip made order at their season, Asian grill, with their new hoon on fish. If you still have room, sample a handfire, prime rib, their new Thai specialties. And don't forget, no MSG, no cornstarchs take hook only with the best cholesterol free oils, they're buffet features of full salad bar, full Chinese food lineup, and they're brand new, sushi bar too. And because it is your, Emerald Code features of full dessert, station featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all the toppings, and fresh fruit as well. What a perfect ending to a gigantic pig out. Emerald Code's real patience for you, some by Sunny Eisenpember Pines, who take the family out, he next business function at the Emerald Code's. Take out and livery always available, voted number one by Zagat Restaurant Reviews, and by WSD and NewsHest South Florida's best Asian buffet. So call them at 954-5723822. That's 9545723822. Lot of amateurs, but there ain't nothing like the world famous Emerald Code Chinese buffet. We're gonna get breaking the wall. Baby, you're not a couple of missiles. That's that. Turn place we know. All right, and name a metafel. Who's heard name bigdance without? There's one thing we all understand. Out here to all be finished until we blow up Pakistan. I will guard for way we could chase them round forever with our tanks and all our troops. The special forces are so tired of jumping through them fools. You throw you need another plane. So let's call that all the nonsense. And we'll blow up Pakistan. Now, there's a need and nuclear tank. We're going to blow up the door. Why don't we stop to see food? There and blow up Pakistan. You turn. Where is the ship? There's someone in thehire region. for sensitive units and I say that though. Whether it was Wayne or John Henry, remember those ugly ugly nasty days when they had that parents on the morning show? I'd be crazy, I must be nuts. And somebody said, oh, I knew when I walked in the door, what I was a bad mistake was they all of those guys in their bush for the suits gave me. It looked like they were going to kill. Like, look, a brassy was going to come out of my Garrett, but leave Garrett. And then of course this crowd now, we picked apart like insects, like picking wings off a fly. When they first came in a town, they would sense it with that much belly-hoot interview when he showed up late with mowing a mowing and mowing. And then of course all those other stuff. But I guess the less said the better because everybody loves the Marlins, their T-U ratings are way up this year. They're radio ratings through the roof in his last work on 2A. So who don't have the Marlins right here? They're having kind of a mediocre season in, well. 122 said the Marlins win the world series the most important event of the last year. 172 and brings back Howard Stern 58. That's not too bad, huh? We'll take it. All the way him going to even miss anybody, but that's all right. 58. The hekits shack 41. Mohour David infills in for the suspended hangrold bird. Look at how many Votesys got. Not turning there. 3rd channel dumps Howard Stern 26, Ricky Williams retires 18. Well, let's start to move up a little bit and have a little movement there for Ricky. In WRFX Drop Sports, their audience is voted too. As voted what a shame. Let's face it, they had the audience, just like that 1400 thing that gets so much ink because you got a bunch of sports nerds and newspapers like Sarny and Barry Jack Esther and they're going to be in heaven now. I read the 85,000 articles they had over the last 10 days about all the stuff going on on QAM and Stern is coming over dumping off sports in the morning and Yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyy and the ticket is coming over the ESPN radio. ESPN radio when you shift to Joe Rose will make a ripple like if your dog does a silent fart about 100. Yeah, about 100. What would you just do? Oh, it's just breathing. Sound like you were wheezing to me. Was that wheezy? Yeah, that it's smoking more lately. Yeah. I thought she just passed away old wheezy. Wouldn't she the one at time? Somebody did. Yeah, wheezy guy. Well, wasn't for us because she's on passion. She's old on Thurma. Probably a foul. Huh? No wonder they keep putting your ass on the carpet, man. You better watch your pees and queues, Mr. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W.'s. W. W. W. W. W. W. I was really beautiful. I was going to get a few last time. That's on the fact that we know. That was funny. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 8, 10, 10, and Verizon worked. See, what really kill, and I didn't find out about all these, what we can't do this at until this morning before the show. And in March, his little parents there, a real real goose pepper, whatever was one, and Aslicker. And he comes in, give me a while, a corporate fish, and corporate that, and Greg wants to make sure he understand it. And of course, I told him to go well, bite it. You know, I told him to get lost. But then he comes in with some other stuff. It really is fairly lame, but kind of marginal. I don't want to put it all of a sudden, we're for curious position to get into a very son of this. But it's pretty sad that all this stuff that's being written about in the newspapers. And you've talked about this. Everybody is right about it. Everybody's talking about it. We can't discuss it on our own radio station. I mean, that's bull crap. Man, that's so juvenile. It is so bush-league. Everyone else benefits from our material, etc. So it is so typical of this company. They want to be one thing, but at the meantime, they don't. They really can't. You know what I'm saying? They want to be something that they don't have the co-holms to really do it. So, wow, yeah, we really want to do this, but we don't want to go that far. And of course, for those people who've been wondering, I guess you've got some calls about the dump mucky. Yeah. Yeah. Dump mucky. Yeah, our operations manager, Duff Lindsey, who told me under penalty of death don't tell anybody about it, then I find out this morning that everybody knows that it's him, which is why I'm talking about it on the air. He's got the unbelievably difficult impossible task. He's the one going to be sitting there during the stern show for four hours and who knows how long every morning. And this is a guy who's not wrapped all that tight in the first place, okay? As you well know. Oh, I'm sorry, I was facing her. He cries when somebody has diarrhea. He gets upset. You know what I mean? Yeah, you relax. What's against that? Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, my God. You know what I'm talking about? He's not the most emotionally stable guy with her man. He's a good guy and his own peculiar way, but he's going to have the job of sitting in there. So every time Howard and I don't, I don't really know because I don't listen to this during I have it listening to many years. And I guess they're really not doing all that much different on that show. They never had before, which is why market after market, even the ones where they just put him back on the air, they infinity on stations. They're dumping him like crazy. They're doing more dumps than a guy with the like I said, diarrhea. So he's the one who's going to be responsible for this thing around a yellow button. He didn't assist at the course by the self-hating Robert Greeper. Yeah, I know. I know. How all these other people go the way of the wind. Zach cranks his leave and he's going to the ticket. Good luck his Zach. Good guy. Little fat and useless. Good guy. The beast he's going to steal the Iran because he's a currency's boyfriend. The program girl is boyfriend. He'll be around. But there's some people who are getting their marching orders and then of course there's Robert Greeper who continues staying because he's got all the right pictures. Man, one can only begin to imagine. I don't want to. Oh yeah. You think the ones are the beastlies with the billiard are something they ain't nothing. 132 said a Marlon Windworld series the most important thing of the year. 313 goes kind of lame I would say. So what we're going to do is after the vehicle put George back. I'm talking more about other of the queer.gorpo哎. Same is like ours we're going crazy to finish this. I'm talking about Ensuite to create. Finished. Better. Good boy. Back. Ah. Weren't? Even though magnification all the same is like a few of you. Uh. Play Shit. Right. We are a family. That's right, I'm going to all my Democratic supporters. Hey, all your favorite high-plys in Florida, you're both a 40-only win. Except in Northampton or I give very well. As only, John Kerry gets involved in them. I've got plans in old places. If I could just talk to Bill Clinton, be able to do it. Sing a love. And then, then, then, then, then, then. Lord, can't do the hits. You're going to do the hits. Kerry, O.K.B. Just come out to your ward, but you're really, really want to. I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to. Here's a quarter of a last chance. Last chance. Four-law. You all, carry. Okay, okay, okay. Now, only three. He's been with 99.99. Not even a half a million. I'm going to 99.99, I'm going to 99.99. And this will watch in your, yeah, I'm carryin'. Five-two of the splashers' changes. That's a modest point. Order. Terry. O.K. 16-to-note at five, 60WQ. I'm ready. Asked what I thought about that boring democratic convention. Yeah. So, this is the mistake that Democrats always make over and over and over and over and over. You know what they say? Full-may-one, shame. And, and can't get pulled again. Right. Well, I see that clip. I just have all the way to my side. So, every time I see that, it is, it is so fabulous to see that. You realize here is an absolute moron, a simple, and a real honest, goodness, dufus, a dufus in his suit. Through me once, shame on, you gotta say, God, yeah, I can take you to Tennessee. Maybe you gotta get pulled again. What is it? Anyway, what was I going to say before I got in the van? Boring, that's about to convention. But now, always, always, always this crap, but oh, wow. On the one side, you got to be a public end, just call and carry everything, but a mother efferamming. Everything out of this, everything invented, right? And he was in the war hero after all, and he shot that kid in the back, and he's a real piece of slime ball. And the Democrats, they're approaches, well, we want to take the high road, and we want to be as boring as possible, and we don't want to take the, this is the most vulnerable present in the history of the country. Even when he went in the hand, we hear us and looked pretty good after we got in the money compared to this. And what do they do? They take the high road, and so it was left to Ted Kennedy, and who else? And, but we got a couple of good shots in there. But other than that, it was really a common inducing and their whole approach of not playing, you know, taking a high road, and it doesn't work. That's not what the people want to hear. You have to live like a realist, you have to be pragmatic. That's not the way politics work, no more. So I think they made a bad mistake, which is why you didn't see any bounce for the answer after the convention. What was their to bounce? So many hell of a resounder were. You're after these September, a lot of the tax suggestions to vomit obtained video surveillance, suggesting that terrorist were targeting Las Vegas Casinos, but as I'm sure you know by now, authorities never bothered to alert the public, as they discussed whether a warning might hurt tourism or increase the Casinos' legal liability and turtle memo show, infernal internal memo. The mayor of Las Vegas, said he was never, he's, did you see the clips they had he's from the mouth? He's a wildman, not the animal, he's a wild man. He said yesterday he was never told about the tapes uncovered in Detroit in Spain in 2002, had been assured by the FBI that there were no credible threats against Vegas, if I were told by would certainly tell the public Mayor Oscar Goodman said, sounds like an anti-Semitic thing to me. But members and emails between federal prosecutors obtained by the Associated Press say, Las Vegas authorities were alerted to some of the footage by August 30, 2002, later numerous local law enforcement officials were invited by a senior FBI agent to view the footage, but most currently in the imitation memo say, the document quotes the federal prosecutor in Las Vegas as saying the mayor was concerned about the deleterious effect on the Vegas tourism industry at the Detroit evidence became public. Another memo states, because even as didn't want to see the footage for a fear, we'd make them more likely to be held liable on civil court if the attack occurred. So it's a similar pass to the book you did in the United States. And you'll notice by the way that when Tom Rich made his breathless announcement that day, of our latest orange pink purple alert, that on the same day when Mayor Bloomberg and the head of the police, what's the police even near whatever his name is, Bloomberg made a wonderful shot there. Real shy comment about, well that's why we need to get that whole land security money here in New York City. And you see it and nobody's getting? Right, that's right. So they're talking a real good game, but in the meantime, that money is just a spent money, because it's a spent and whole land security, it's just a statement of somebody who's a big new to somebody's imagination. And then they go and they find they finally get a hold of this to taste the Pakistanis, and we've got enormous pressure on right now, we're threatening to blow them into oblivion if they don't come up with some goods. And so they come up with one of the most important guys that's got all these computer files, and what do we do? We make a big announcement, we put his name on the year, put this picture on the year, out him, and so all the behind the scenes stuff that he's doing to all go, everybody goes undercover now, right? They all went to the matrices with Luca Brazzi, and Klomenza. He mentioned how it's snowed up there with the men. I was just man, I was snowed like olive oil. I was 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on a year. I'm just so frustrated over this beastly, you're the sort of whole thing. I never, my wildest nightmares thought that coming back after vacation and still doing the rest of August, they'd thank goodness it's only two days a week for me. You got the, I don't know, what the crap end of this thing. I'm just saying, but you got the tree out of the five days. And then I looked over the weekend, or not, or yeah, over the weekend, I looked at the stats. Now, I'm not really sure what the hell erected there on our website. Was it this weekend? He would change some things, because I saw the tremendous increase we had last week, not prior to last week, and I'm taking it myself, well, I must be because after the stern announcement. But then I found out that he would change this to our, I don't know. I'm sure I'll get a very lengthy series of emails from America, explaining to me exactly what he did. What does that? No, I don't look at the stats. Why not? I got too many other things to do. It's important to stuff, man. We're not really, but it's something to do. I'm looking at some, you know, naked celebrities. Well, you might find some on the stats page, you never know. Five six, and of course you stick with your way in the severance. So whatever your name is, Joan Severance. Throw away where the, most people don't even know who the hell that is. You put all the hot babes on there when you're not going to show one. I'm not even, no, no, no, no, black and white picture is some old washed up bitch. Most people haven't seen her naked. Most people haven't seen her period. No, and they don't want to either, especially this close to lunchtime. Five six, seven, five, six, eight pound, five, six, eight, the and the, and Verizon Wireless Line. We thought we had found our way, you know, out of the wilderness after seven long and school year to years on his radio station. We thought we finally saw the light at the end of the tunnel with this tremendous waiting book. Everybody, even at moment or door door door door door. Everybody was doing just fine. And then, damn. People without emeralds, they're gasping, man. And we go with that band stuff again. It's great, great stay egg into a billion pieces again. You'll hunt you. And then he wants to bring deep all back. That's what kills me. He tells Barry Jack asked that if he wasn't able to sign stern that his deal was he already discussed with deep all, putting him on with Moe and the morning, the Moe Fo show. What is his obsession with going back to these same old tired retreats with their corny humor, what is that all about? The last thing we need back on this radio station is Default. He did well, that pole though. Yeah, good, good for him. How many times do you think he voted? But turn, man. WQA and hello. And ill. Yes sir. And what's your real man? East for Bible. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. Hey, George. Yeah. What days are you on the air without a meal? Here we are. Are there syphis? Of course. What do you think? What do you think? Well, because I like to know what day to tune in, what day is not to tune in. Well, what days do you want to tune in? Whatever good is on alone. He'll be on alone tomorrow. All right, thank you. Okay, welcome. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 1 of your people. Yeah, my fair little. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Your people, I'm telling you, come from sweet water. He's sweet. Everybody, you weigh him, hello. Clear, how are you doing sir? Okay, pal. I want to apologize to George. Public line of man. You're a son. I want to talk to you. Go away. You know that voice. That's key. God. I want to talk to chronic. Infoing call the sports nerd and one from the little of Anna. And his last guy. I'm tired of talking to the same half dozen jack holes over the years. It's nauseating. Where the room at the holiday and okay. An all across going there and do their shit and the whispering guy. I'll all the same old tired crying. Get a life. Would you please? I have no life. Somebody to QA and hello. Yeah, hello. Yes sir. I was wondering if you heard about the red about the article in the Sun's Central West, Dave County decided to be very diplomatic in their distribution of their emergency funds from the National Government. But then we gave Broward County 4 million in Palm Beach County. Yeah, that's a lot of money. I'm sorry. The online security money. Thank you very much. Thank you. So Dave County is decided to keep all but 4 million of it. When you're there. How did they do that? Well, that's the question of seeing answers. The answer to that. So, and it hasn't been answered yet. But it just goes to show you once again Dave County steps up loud and proud. I was saying something to do with how we're David had been on for a day. But it'd be an unfore and place a hang. I'm sure that's something to do. But there's something to be a significant difference between the two. Good luck, you're finally. Yeah, bye. Hang in there. Bye. 560560. See, see we're getting some pretty neat calls. And then you got that one number. I've got on here who has got the hots for you. Once I had no idea. David or uncertain. I didn't know that Dave County was the capital. It is. The capital of a banana republic. What would it have? Magnumistic Obama. How many QAM? Hello. Hello, Leo. Yes, sir. Are you sure? You see the movie after January 11 right? Yes, I did. Yeah, that's the last part of the guy's a good boy. Yeah. Yeah, and I'll throw that tag, you know. You know, I know you and that guy. Are you a close? Yes, go ahead. Yes, I know. You like, um, with a matchmacy. I want to be seen a movie the cooler. That's a good movie. Okay. So, you know, you know, you have to see it on how about the stuff that they can buy. No, who? The break. You know the kick and that. The braves. Yeah, who gives a crap? Probably most boyfriend. Real life brings credit. $5.6705.6. The pound five six in a sad. I think it is. I think the scorched nerves are like hanging on by their tenicles and testicles. They just, you know what I mean? Like by their fingernails. Why should they worry? They got more stations per minute to death. But then they don't want those other stations. They're seeing the numbers. No matter how many how many stations it's right to be all for us. Go to the man. Never can do it. The fan and the ticket and the list and the fan juniors and all the other crap. They want QAM man. They want right here. They want us to be sports 48 hours a day. Nine stop. Ball games, Ricky, Ricky. Five, five, five, five. All of that stuff. Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny and all the garbage. This is because we've cultivated for all these years. And now it's like, wow, we don't want that crap no more. Do you understand that there's no reasoning here? What? Well, the reasoning I thought it was money. Money? What? Money hurt? You think they're not making money? You think that this radio statement is made in a fortune is in a gold mine? Yeah. In addition to what you say, if they got some of the dead wood man or man, they'd be dead wood out of this joint. I don't want my chain name. Guys that are putting down some serious, serious bucks, okay? Like, you know, how much do you have to pay a dump on the anyway? Somebody QAM, hello. Yeah, George. Yes, sir. George, is that really taking, I'm going to go up the radio? Can't talk about anything connected with the, whatever name you just said. Five, six, one in these, say? Oh, I mean, that's what he said. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. QAM. Pretty good. What's happening here? I don't understand. How many people they, who you thought they were talking about, and they call it, and then you're after, and they asked if you're George. They really caused their stupid because they're not on demand. You think we talked to the intelligence, the criminal crap on these shows every day? People are called talkers, except for yourself, of course, are morons. That's right. Hey, I'm going to say, I agree with you really, I thought the Democrats, I'm going to deploy them in the way that pretend to pack. This should really be a plant dump against this president. And you'll notice, you'll notice after Tom Rich came out with his Tony Taylor warnings, again, with this four year old information, stuff that they had had had food in ages, that it was Howard Dean was the only guy that had, I saw him live on Wolf's Squid that day, I haven't been watching. And he was the only guy that came out and had to volunteer to tell him like it is Howard Dean. And then the hood, they put on that Wippie Jewelie Bremen. Well, I know Tom Rich personally, and Tom would never do anything like that. Oh, hey, whoa. What's this, what's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? Don't why myself? I'm running my strい mouth, so I listen to him cause they're kneeling right here 12 till one hour. Who isn't? Whoa. I heard the news and asked me, if wiped Cleopf, I bet I find a fright-稱 I canpool We're glad andChris is thehiIop. I'm a father but I'm getting fun and I fear What to best? What to best? I better want to benefit to what I can Don't want to start a fan, count to four fans I knew she had a kid but she sure ain't what I planned What to best? I can't afford to be a dad, hot to lay What to best? What to best? What to best? Don't lay in my family stupid Shored by the love these things Shored by the love of the love of the kiss And that night was a stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid A stupid, stupid, stupid Probably one of the classic you've ever been to I am happy to be two things I don't even know what day of the week is anymore Quite frankly, who's not using crap So you're going to be on Monday next Monday When the Howard Stern Day views Okay Are you here the other day? When are we going to please? Yeah, that's the next one Just a little slap over there to the next cut That's okay, we don't expect perfection especially on this station You're going to be the first one to sit around and wait till how we just exercise this time to go home Okay, now the only bad thing that I can see about that is the fact that we're going to be forced to listen Well, Josh will be forced to listen Oh, in other words he can give us a heads up now See I have no idea how that happens Maybe one of the sternly and by the way prepare yourself for about 50,000 more of those stern rules Bob, I'm a boy that will that's going to be coming Oh, the other side benefits haven't Howard on the air Which you can be wrong a mystetic man Have an interesting year lead him Huh? Great caller say the same thing I don't know how to deal with that no But maybe some of the audience knows how he what happens at the end of the show In other words, is there like I don't get a siren to the fire gun into the air In fact, you know who who thought I was started mentioning the beginning and then again the sidetracked myself for the evening and time But you know who was trying to do the same thing Yeah, remember he would get there would get to be like a minute and a half past ten and he would say Well, let's talk to Frank in that downright beach. Do you remember that? Well, that's just because he didn't want to let people hang up, you know That's because he didn't want to say goodbye. He thought he wanted like muscle in over on the show Which we did do the crossover every day, which was okay? But he wanted to go, he thought he's Howard Stern Jr. You know he's going to go on until 10-15 10-25 You know from my life from my life He's going to be a team it up with more Don't do it, don't do it W2AM Hello I have never in my life were to dead or sounding lying in that have you? Man, WQAM Hello Come back WQAM Ola Yes sir Got to have you back Sure Don't do the good job George, you're doing a sensational job man, I can't hold a candle to hear Funny thing that happened is George was fighting the guy called up there Oh, I'm serving Jones again, you know I was not one of your fans Oh yeah both of us 560560 We're talking to the Howard Stern people this morning Mr. afternoon The frenzy man you can feel that it's contagious can't you feel it in the air I'm feeling something And of course we can't talk about that Right Even though low Howard David it will be filling in the afternoon from 4-630 More than 3-game time for the suspected hangover But we can't talk about that WQAM Hello Hey Bob the home and the Martha check stand show WQAM Hello Hey, they are you doing Okay, the other one George did a controversial show No, they did a controversial show About the famous calls covers from the past controversial Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh Really WQAM Hello Hello Hello me, oh Yes? I got a cure for my ass Good, good for you Oh that's tough calling from labels With an update WQAM Hello Hey what happened with the hammer I bet you pardon What happened with the hammer that it got stuck before You're asking me I'm asking We can't discuss it sir Under the present regime in Washington We're only permitted to say a few That's right Few so I'd have were a loser for a long time Ha ha ha ha Five six seven all five six I'm getting into these calls Now I've missed this all I do have a very important story Good Proposed Dutch law would ban unsolicited Turlicking Ha ha ha ha I might have seen it on our website I put it on Unsolicited Turlicking would be banned in the Netherlands under Reloass hot by the Dutch labor party after police weren't able to prosecute They would be cancelled over with a taste perfume I'll toast because he really admitted no crime Police Postman said Friday a man had been detained after women's son In themselves in water dams, parks and beaches Tamed he had snuck up on and begun to lick their toes Maybe he was one of those coffees that got lost on the beach The officers had to let him go Licking a stranger's toes is rather unusual But there's really nothing criminal about it That's what spokesman said Dutch press reports said the man was about 35 Been looking at toes as strangers for about three years But it was only recently caught by police Peter Van Hinst A labor member of parliament asked Christian Democratic Justice Minister Pete Hein Donner for I did explain why Dutch laws for bit Littering but not unenvited tolicking Then he estimated an amendment prohibiting it It's a violation of one's privacy and one's physical integrity Total local news agency the norm is that no one should touch your body If you haven't asked them first a spokesman for Donner said a minister could not Immediately come and he was smoking a big fat one or something like that Don't throw it empty damn by the way it's pretty boring I don't know I'm just burned out on it I said at all the time don't I'm gonna go back Just to make sure I don't know I don't like the way a lot of the people smell all the way I was walking on the damwack when I have to know And I hear a voice saying Mr. Rockies And I turned around and there's this guy I would say about my age Short gentleman and his wife big fans from Miami We're very nice and he didn't like a bed my ear And then as it was walking down the street back to the hotel There they were again Not because they were you know So that they were what not to talking Now when you're stalking no, they're not They just happened to me that we're looking for a shop where they could find like some nifty teachers I'm just a domineau and I said oh yeah anywhere around here and I ran No, they were very nice That's kind of unusual in it like I'm the damwack right there and Mr. Rogers That's what I tell you you know that's a real world Yeah And don't go out of that easy internet cafe unless it's under 100 degrees in the oh man He's just boiling in a very long elevator place. No, God Can't even crack a window or a man just boiling in there to the right crack a slow They let you smoke crack, but that's about it Fife and one other piece of good news is that they moved a lot of those lost to people like out of the they moved them all there to the old church I guess maybe they got a free and a prayer over there or something Everyone I fell on had my accident broke my hand right right here. That's spot. That's what they moved them all W to Q a and hello W to Q a and hello Hey there, yes sir I don't suppose there's any chance that Mo Howard is leading town completely and like then first coming back to do the often game No, what a shame Five six seven oh five six people you are right man. This town is cleaned out Yeah, and a lifeless ones this is this is one of the times that they wouldn't approve it beyond a shadow for doubt. I have no line because they're still around that's what you got You're you than me. Thanks. What sounds sort of a van of the past you do you think was the most important is what our poll question is today I could over all I big 292 votes and come see comes on The Marlins when the world series 154 WM brings back Howard's year in 79 which I don't know I would thought For while I thought that was doing pretty well, but it doesn't strike me that it's doing all that likes and maybe the student people don't know yet are probably They're not listening which indicates so when steering comes on you're gonna do us a bit of good You think it's going to do us any good Uh, a doctor Right, I'm asking well, I know you're now you asked for me. I'm asking you do you think that having stood on in the morning? I mean, we sure had a nice book this last reading book right after Joe. I was he had two thousand hours in it It would be hard to think that we could do better. I guess better than number one I'm not talking about better than number one. I'm just a I don't know. We'll see time will tell WM brings back Howard's year in 81. That's my the August 16th The he could stack 56 as in 256 More Howard did it in fills in for suspended high globeberg which we can't discuss 41 Third channel drafts Howard's turn 38 Ricky Williams retirees 24 and WRF Xthrofts For three which means that Ron and people drove also at their boat to a David Ross And it'll be for because that other call it the answer that called he'll be boat right WM. Hello, WM. All right, what is it? I was calling him about the sternite and he was wondering when the sternial finishes normally I know that answer Go ahead. No generally it finishes when what's your knee robbing quarters when he when she starts to get quarters when she starts going the mail As opposed to the female. Yeah, that's when they normally start to finnail after though But let me tell you some I would an added listener sometimes they'll go on and on and on and sometimes they're 1130 so you guys might need to No, I'm okay with what we're going to be 1130, I just to be an add a listener before they got taken off and I at time you sure I'm also I'm for sure at least I go to 1130 times not everything But if they have a good show going on they don't stop it I don't know, they're commercially used to be like about 20 minutes long. Are they going to still be that long? Whatever they got, whatever they sell, that's what we'll have to fill the breaks. I got you because let me tell you, you can go to work and come back and still then the commercial film. Well, what would you say would be the average time for them to finally pack it in? Generally, no earlier than 945 10 o'clock. I'm going to turn it to 5. Yeah, generally, I mean, I know they go for like 6 or 6. No, you don't mean 945 because they're around like 6 to 10. No, yeah, yeah, yeah, they're 25. Yes, yeah. So they're average ending of the show as I 1045 to 11 o'clock? At times, yeah, not every day. So you guys need to get a little freaking bagger. A TV? So you're a legal. Absolutely good idea to be doing a show of homework. It's nice and comfortable. I have a pillow all lined up, nice and well. Okay, thanks for the good news, Bally. Alright, I'm taking 1255 to, I'm taking like 14. 114, 122 after all these years. That sounds good to me, isn't it? 12 of it's past noon 11 30 night have we heard anything about this? No, I'm going to tell you something right now. I guarantee you that between death lense and Greg Reane and Josh Clarence Derell, the three of them put together, don't we know what time that's your wins? I'm an average, you know what I mean? Yeah. All they know is that Greg signed a deal. He went up there breathlessly and, you know, I keep it top secret and also the plan, that's it. That's all I know. Because I asked a few questions from Miss Lindsay about the, you know, the formatics and about the commercial breaks and about, and like, the movie looks like that. They're working on it with the water notching. Which we will play that bit on Thursday. Where you can play tomorrow? I play it yet? No, no, it's a fresh. Excellent. 12 13, yes, she's kind of fresh. 12 13 at 5, 60 W. You have, how come Gary Sarner never came in and told me what he'd breakfast or was called me here at home about yesterday? Man, see a pain in the end. Let go of what? If you're on the Ankeens, the South beats the sugarbusters are Annie, low carb sugar free diet and head for the Lysomite spoken. For years, the Lysomite South thousands of low carb diet is a cheater weight loss goals and now, the Lysomite spoke to celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discounts up to 50% off on low carb products like carbolite, pure delight, carbs sense and lots more. It is their anniversary super special. You can save half off all Akeens, brands, food and supplements too. Don't forget the great selection of low carb bakery items like cheesecake, spreads, rules, bunnies, and you can try the products before you buy them too. We've got a knowledgeable staff who open every day until 10 and don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all Akeens, carbolite and pure delight products too. The Lysomite's book will absolutely positively not be underserved. The Lysomite of Aminorthy's quarter of Glades in 441, Extra Boston Market are common toll free at 1-877 low carb around the web. It's low carb.com with the W. Don't forget that the Lysomite spoke your official Atkins retail center. Lysomite and local pure sports radio 566-US-UAM. Open back to our number two of the L Ball 29. This fellow here today will translate Lysomite tackle. The Lysomite describes slick and grow by Elocity. ... breadth. Psy of you and your family smiling and laughing that's currently being circulated online yes that is too show that we are a decent loving and sensible revably can family why what are they laughing about I believe I had just told my lovely daughter Mary that she's not like to the face no I haven't actually said redger wife book you know with all the comparison jokes being made about you and scuro agnope now by about the thinking it would be to bring back rolling in Martin's last in never watch that show I had better things to do okay that's just been brought to my attention that the Dan rolling is dead called them perhaps you can have them resurrect him yes I can issue a director for my stuff looking to it five men not satisfied with their analysis I can always ask me president based on the women's invisible friends yeah I was hoping that you would use my show to once and for all put the controversy of how is energy meeting so rest what energy meeting you know one's you held with Hall of Art and then they're were no meetings I never heard that a person there's meetings you held in the white house the the that means that you are a liar you're a liberal you all the old that he was another story used to take those the the unbelievable absolutely find a way to hear it just a little bit no thanks all right after seen his performance with air and brown as they were trying to outline each other on CNN the democratic convention I think that was an a good idea that was spectacular compared to the radio show I see I was waiting for somebody to see try the wine maybe be a lot of goes to you finish calling any five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and see in Verizon wireless line so one car says the Howard Stern show ends at around what he say of two minutes till two something like that we'll find out two to two seventy q a and hello hey yes sir yes you know what's funny what I did the Michael Moore show that the movie yeah and there was a part at the end they should show the the voting machines on the computers when it actually with whoever you vote for Bush is going to come up and they won't be able to track it uh-huh that that's really on the end of that movie okay well I'll call Michael right now in some of the issue there may be just you can you know a better idea five six seven five sixty day really maths on that point he's going to as you all are the head oh there was this you know i got touched 5000 dollars compoundнет We need to hear about the car crash. That's... No, what happened? Oh, we can't talk about it. It was a grizzly thing. If you're wondering where any of the people who are not hearing on QM they all died, Okay, let's... I mean, it's sad. But that's just kind of like... Is it a catch-all right there for everything? All the people that you're missing or not missing or glad that you don't hear anymore? They just all died and a big horrendous crash. Okay, I said like that. Right? All of you hear it. Okay, that's fine. Sure, you bet. If I tell you what you'll say about it, when he gives another one of his breathless tear rumored. That's for sure. WDQAM, hello. And then... Yeah. What about... How about an admin? Door... Yeah. It's still in the show and like it's 1030 minutes and 1520... Every day. Every day. Sometimes it'll go to like 11. Yeah. But that's it. 11. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's zero doors. Both. Okay. Good. The show goes like 1030. Now let's know how it all got. Right. It's still in the... You know what I mean? About 11... Why not worry about it? The longer he goes, the less work for us we're not worried about in the least bit. You know what I mean? It's been the year for seven years. Almost. It's been five, six years. It'll be good. It's been a bit. It'll... It'll pop up the rakeies a little bit. Not the pump. Pump us up even bigger than our locate. Thanks a lot, mine. Have a great life in the cleanup your act. That was you talking about. This is how he goes on though. He goes on until he's out of gas. Really? You know? Right. To least done. Till he's done. That's right. It's like a bomb will be okay. If you're smart. You just sit there and throw your gun. You know what? You just sit like a f***ing movement. God, it's getting to the point now where we shouldn't start playing music. We can't talk about any normal. No, no. It's not. Eric, he says we the email about a half an hour ago. I forgot to tell you about this. He says me emails says, oh, he didn't do anything to the website last Friday. The reason we had the big spike in the response was because of the Ricky Williams video. Oh, yeah. It's just great talking. But if that isn't what I was talking about, the entire week last week. And I know I probably give you credit for it, but we can't. No, because you did not know all summer long anyway, but there's a point being that all of a sudden on Friday, a week ago, was the announcement that Stern was going to be on the station. And then Simon Tannis with that, starting on that next Monday, all week long, we had this huge spike. And we Friday was actually because of the Ricky Williams video. But this huge increase. So somebody must be discovering us somewhere. And you maybe saw the thing on radio eight the other day. You probably didn't. I was like, last year and being the most searched tacos in America by seven times more than rush. Rush is number two. And all the top 20 are syndicated of the course. But seven times more than even rush. So all you have to do is get a whisper on any of the websites. Or like some of the pictures on there behind the beaded click, which I'm sure a lot of the student people are hoony desperate guys. The headdy breeders. Those people want to see those naked pictures like Jones severance today, which is an old black and my picture of some marginal bitch that George put on there because he knew I was doing the show today. Beautiful woman. Tomorrow you'll have naked pictures of Britney Spears again. Huh? I try to say a good one for you. Yeah, you're so full of crap. I don't you think when I was an Amsterdam, I was checking the website every day and that, and I was wondering how easy it is. Okay, they started to get a breath. We had three. We had three. You know, smokers on there. Let me tell you right now. Yeah. We had smokers on the website. Well, the Priscilla Presley batch was a new batch of pictures. Don't say batch. I mean, Danny Presley. No, I was a good one. Come on. What is it? Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. The hammer being. The Kate talk about the hammer man. Can't discuss the hammer. No. What's your hammer? Okay. Don't start trying to put us in an impossible position. He is going to be filled in for the Sanctanuno. And all week, I guess, for the next seven years, how are David? For these just been a hangover. I don't know. It's just been a season suspended animation. I don't know what's going on. He's worth suspenders. Yeah. All I know is I love Hank. I'm with Hank. I'm on Hank side. And if it comes that way, us against them. I'm with Hank. I'm a Thaymore Love Hank. I'm taking a walk all the way to the refrigerator. Just. Sit. Sit. If you feel. Oh, and somebody said, I'm one of the brilliant. Maybe it was on a BBC. Be afraid. Get your hair straight. After Tomorrets had that latest re-light yellow light to red light to a panicolored. It was most amusing. Especially for those soggy brits. WQA and Hull. WQA and Hull. WQA and Hull. WQA and Hull. Main, the bonus of restless. I don't know. I don't know. Hey. Hey. Whatever you just said. Okay. Wow. How sad. No, seriously. I feel so much better about life, but it's only two and a half hours in the show, but I feel so much better being away from that dead place. Yeah. You better. Well, let's take a look at the ratings now. If they are leaderboard. Okay. Be started on that golf crap again. You know, CNBC proves what a bunch of blue nose butt plugs they are. You know what they plan and we can on CNBC? I have no way of knowing that. I'm going to say golf. See what I'm saying? For blue nose, a lead is snobbs. You know, who likes to watch other guys play golf? Or on Tiger is having a snuff now. And Tiger, I'll give me a break. I'll get a life. Will you please? It's only 200 bar this game. That is pathetic. 449 votes. What's offload of head of the past year? Do you think was the most important? Marlins went to World Series. I'm in the 72. Little David Sancho who comes up to George's kneecap. Now we don't want to start picking iron again. Huh? Oh. David Sancho who comes up to your kneecap said, We can't. Yeah. Everybody made a front of men but you better not be doing it now. You're going to get suspended. Marlins went to World Series 172. WQM brings back Howard Stern 94. 21% of the votes. They're like, we'll see. The heat gets shacked. 50. 67. Look at that. More Howard did it. It fills in for the suspended hang goldberg. 34. 13. Or dumps Howard Stern 42. Ricky Williams returns only 26. WRF draft sports. They only got full. My. And look. Oh. 64. Real faces. One solid. What you doing? Yeah. Stop. It's day. Oh. Good. Good. Five. Five. Six. WQM. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. What evening? These are two. Oh, that's enough. Come on. We've got to show it though. OK. See you later. We're going to do first. See you at the club tonight. No. We got an appearance today. And he's house of meat. Yeah. Oh. Get over here. I need to maintain this here. He left or raised. And she might have to show my love for the shacked. Ah. Good. I'm going to do with that. I'll go over this copy here. We're coming to you live today from bees house of meat. Easy to find. Yeah. Across from the gay hooks pregnancy, clay and porium. You can't beat bees house of meat. I said, shake my head. And that's it. When you put love like Trosal, they're for a pot. For a who? Yeah. To me, mull. Tell me, Brian, I'm a table over there. What are you doing? I don't know. Get me the brain surgeon. I'm going to switch your brain with down here. Now just relax. You won't feel a thing. You won't feel the liver before. I'm going to feel the liver before. I'm going to feel the liver before. I'm going to feel the liver before. Yeah. My job is done. See ya. I'm going to feel the liver before. Look at my body. Look at my body. Come over there. Where? Now look at the spine. Make it got me into. I already bold. I mean, hey, your mind to find. I'm going to get stuck in the borrower. It will be a pain in the mouth. What's wrong with you? My brain isn't your head. That's what's wrong. And we're through the spares. Why you? I'm going to get stuck in the borrower. Why you? I'm going to get stuck in the borrower. Why you? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? 27.01.56. The WDQMAD dog was one of his rare appearances due to for the Sanca Noun. A team of international observers will monitor the president's election November 4th of the US State Department. This goes to show you how far the US has come, right? The organization for security and cooperation in Europe was invited to monitor the election by the State Department. The observers will come from the OSCE's office for democratic institutions in human rights. It'll be the first time such a team is in prison for a US presidential election. Because in the past, we didn't need other people to come in like a tental or country and over the way. What we proud. The US is obliged to invite us as all OSE countries. Should folks want to own their gunner's stout there or say it's not legally binding, but it's a political commitment. They said back in the mid 10 years ago to ask OSE to eat observe elections. Because they tend to be a little bit suspicious. Especially when dead people vote in Chicago and the vote told in, well, Florida. Always some factor for it. And again, you marked my words. Mark it down. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What's up into a frenzy about the arrival of Howard Sir next Monday, August 16 on 2 AM. Okay? Oh, yeah. WQAM Hello. 2 AM Howard Stern line, hello. Why he's a gentleman. He's a little slow. Come on, Blue-Eline. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Yeah. WQAM Hello. Yeah. Can you watch? Speaking. Me? Yes. I get a batch. You are the best. Yeah. Is this no, Rogers? No, it's a meal bounds. 5, 6, 7. You marked my words. You watched. You see this tremendous increase in traffic on our website now with the incident even on the website. You did, you marked my words, man. I'm not even going to take it. Do these bedtime stories anymore? I'm preaching to the choir. What's right? What does that mean? Go to the forewins. We can just share the queer and dodge ball and fuz ball and all of that crap around the clock. 24, 7 now, right? Absolutely. Because if you've ever heard of people that call them back in the day when I used to listen, you think our colors are something else. Wow. You've got as many millions of lacquoise listening as holidays. It's just, uh, there's no end to end to end to me. I mean, we just basically have the same runs over and over and over again. Okay, she haven't noticed. So, somebody to Q and WQA and hello? Oh, sorry, wrong number. It was a lady and it was the wrong number. Right. We had a lady's, I mean, ladies, you had con all week. Couple. Not too many. Not a never. But then you know the one thing is seriously, the one thing that Howard Stern is going to do, along with, you know, a ghosting up the ratings on a station of course, and guarantee those bonuses over here. Oh, right. Hey, you hear it? She's going to bring people back to AM radio. And I'm not saying this to be an asslicker because I'm not going to kiss anybody's ass, including his. But he will bring tons of people back to AM radio. Now that is a mirror. And I'll, and it, and self, that'll be good. We'll take that. Well, first of all, now the thing about women, women don't listen to AM radio. People are going to need to go 100. Most of the mixed sense of sports nerds don't listen to AM radio. Right. So the fact that's during he's enough of a magnet, a magnet. They're going to bring thousands and thousands of people's organs. By my estimate, probably. Not good man. I don't even need people back to AM radio. Which is quite a trick. Now, the ticket ain't going to do that. Okay, with all the respect to my girlfriend, your rose will love you, Joe. But the ticket ain't going to do that. You know, it's just going to divide up to the little pieces of the pie. W to Q and hello. My solo John said no, no, no. W to Q and hello. Hello. Hello. How are you, buddy? Pretty good, pal. Okay. I just got the truth here. I was on. I was looking now or starting this morning. And something, they took a Miami collar because he said, yeah, they used to become a down on the radio. Right. The guy is trusting that you're going to be on an AM radio station instead of an FM station. Yeah. You can hear your better. I don't follow that. No, I don't hear. I don't follow that at all. What's the weather? I mean, you still get to hear his voice? You know, I mean, does it matter if a death and maybe the queer deal a little bit? The clarity maybe when some people's radio, maybe you, either a truck or maybe even somewhere else or any can you hear it too well? Yes, he sounds like a trucker to me. I don't know. I just found a figure to brought that out to you. Okay. Thanks for your good news. Are you saying about Q AM or not? He said a little bit about it, but then, but then, but then, but then, I was in. He said, for the 16th of the youth looking for it. He's looking for it to go to the, be it back on the air down there and put it to them. An arm in the light, probably got it, but he finally got it. So he's really happy. And he didn't ask me easily yet, so I'll say. Well, you will see his right. Okay. Thanks, Palli. Okay. Now he finds out that, to dust the adult monkey is the dump in the air the word of that poor. Well, see, just how that works out, you know? Right. We're going to spy reports from those people who will be listening. Of course they won't. I mean, how do you really know? Because our dump is pretty, no, I mean, when you're listening, because if there are too many dumps in there, it interrupts the continuity, get in and stand with the language. I'll listen at the beginning just to see what it sounds like. You know about the tripal delay, right? About your pardon? We're getting a triple dump system. So, a whole dump supposedly. I think that's in the Athens Olympics, the triple dump. And he, we share very small, any of them Greeks over there. I don't want to go into that. They really stink. You were just talked it earlier. 148 degrees over there. And now the Middle East and people, and then the Indian people, that kid Korea, died of there, is they got some less smell problems in the packie people. And they've just lost many people in the world. I think I will say for us in the Western Hemisphere in Canada and the USA, is that we smell pretty good. I mean, not that you can't find some real stenting people around, you know, anywhere I are, but I don't really speak in compared to the rest of the world. We smell pretty damn good. You know, damn straight. And if you can't look good, that's my motto. If you can't look good, at least smell good. That's my belief. One thing about me, you'll never catch me. You know, although in that easier and that cafe, there you do have a moist piss. Just sweating a whole year. I know. That's why it's 180 degrees in the humanities. Like 5,000 percent. Still, as the dude dropped as you were, but you snored better than any of the other people. Yeah, because I smell like my underwear. I smell like my father. And most of them smell like fan. And most of them smell like fan. And most of them smell like fan. And most of them smell like fan. Hey, it's how it's been. Never made a wise man. I've thrown him prison for petty stealing. Made friends with the inmates. Though they can get touchy stealing. I don't know, though, though, they be hanging me. A bowl of love, they're behind me. Staking up to my can. A bowl of love, then behind me. Staking up to my kids. Even the shower, the story. Dr. Tulfan, you'll be so weak. Hey, man, that's not fake. And the refuge, full in love, making. It's so wrong to you. Stand down. The rest of the jokes that they've been so tired of. And then like me, what about what? Prison life, things is fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've been fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've been fine. Yeah, I've been fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Call 44-56, you WDQA, man, dog, it's two. We got Howard David for the suspended hand goldburg at Fortual, 630, the Marlin Pre-Games show Marlins on Dec at 630. Cardinals at the Marlins at PPPART, 705, the game. Best team in baseball, the same Lewis cars. They got a better record than even the Jackie's Mon. And the Marlins who've been staggering against weak competition, but seem to play better against better teams. So they ought to kick ass tonight. Eddie can't get to baseball, even then. How are we still going to have that this sporting news radio? Yeah, sure. Oh, come on. How are we still going to have that as a lead in sporting news radio? What else is there? What about Joe and Mark? I mean, Joe with out Mark? Joe and something. Joe and the more and the more and the more. The big- Oh, bunch of them. Call the most. WDQA in Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, yeah, I would usually go from 1030 to 11. So that's about to sign off. 11? About 1030 11. That's about to sign off. Okay. Okay, thank you. Sounds like a deal to me. Thank you. That was a little bit hard. We can handle that. In fact, when it's out, stretch it out a little bit higher. Take your time. Don't rush. In fact, maybe backload, one of those 20 minute breaks there. Starting to about to 1105. There you go. And stop and think about this. I don't think we have any more Marlon big games on our broadcast schedule this season. But stop and think about it. Starting next season like in, uh, huh? I'm rubbing myself. Oh, yeah. Those days when we got those Marlon big games, man. It's pretty big games. It started the pregame of 12-3. We could either have a call on the game to 12-30. Sounds like a real food to me, baby. Because that was my first reaction. When I had that breakfast call from Duffin Clarence. I said, okay, well, you know, if you want to put it on sound for like 15 minutes, that's okay as long as nobody loses a dime in pay. As long as I get paid for all of the spots, whether I do or more not. And all these things, they said, oh, okay, sure. And that's it. Well, we're on the clock. We have to sit here and wait. But like we can be on. Well, first they tried to groan me down a little bit with this business about, well, you know, fellas wants to know, since we're limited in two breaks at 10 o'clock, they're not going to be on 10 to 10 30. And do I want to do those lives spots there like at the ass and the other breaks? Do I say to this? No. Yeah. And I said, no, but I'm still going to get paid for them. In other words, you want me to start hoeing up this show so we have these long ponders. And then they're going to happen here. See, one thing that they don't understand, length of the rest of the ship, they don't get that. Understand it at all. In fact, what they do understand, I have no idea what it is yet. Don't you? Sports. No, no, no, they don't understand that because they're like showing that out. They did all the sudden like one day they woke up and decided, you know, something this is for the birds. Because when you started seeing those comments from Eddie Jones and he dolphin-organization about how they would prefer being on a station that's all sports and it makes more sense for the dolphins. And about the fact that they're a little bit nervous about student in the first place, he's on the station that the Eagles are on. There are three or four other NFL teams that he's on the station of flagship station that carries the games. Probably the FM that carries them, you know, but he's on those stations. Yeah. So while they don't have to be a problem in South Florida, they got enough problems that they're on. It was seemed to me the dolphins organization when at horse pad coach, it would no real quarterback and would Ricky Tickey busy smoking up a storm. They got enough other problems, a fish to fry. But that just shocked me that all in Greg Reach is well, the chances are 50-50 and whatever, and we'll see after this season. In other words, they're basically willing to write off the dolphins, and who knows about this whole Marlon business, which you better not mention anything about that about this business? Right? Parts of any business. So I said maybe one day they just woke up and decided, well, who cares? Because Greg is making comments to be very jackass about, well, you know, sports is very expensive, format and it's hard to do this. I don't know, I have no idea what happened. Like I'll certainly get what we're legit. And we shouldn't make a complaint because we've been not going to hold sports to do a thing from day one. Since we walked in that door and discovered that we were like in a mental institution of people just overly obsessive with, you know, 12-year-old kids with great arms were going to be also a quarterback someday in the NFL, crap like that. Not to mention of course, and a big bald head. 515 votes on the pool. I don't know, come see, come saw. I just don't know. I guess it's kind of a good day to be honest. We're like I'm talking to myself basically. Yeah. Oh, am I? Did you say something? What's wrong for an event of past year? Do you think was the most impotent? Marlins win the World Series 22. I scored a David Samson and Jeffrey Loria. We love you both, sir. Well, that would be a QM brings back Howard Stearn, 103%, 20%. Now, did you do a full and kind of pull on Stearn? Come on, I don't know. Yeah, what's your take on Howard Stearn? Come into QM overwhelmingly positive. Right. Like what percent? Like 50, solid 49% for the option finally WQM has a morning show. Right. And then down to the road, like four choices, but it was overwhelming. Overwhelming. Maybe they didn't come in the middle of the pool and make you take it off the air. They're not that, no. WQM brings back Howard Stearn, next Monday to 163 people. The heat gets tracked 75, who I'm obsessed with. Just can't get over it. How are we doing? That Phil's in for suspended. Hank Lordberg, 49. Third channel, Dumbstower, Stern 47. Ricky Williams, retired 35 and WRF X-RF Sports 8. 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8 and the sunshine, stay there's 8. Who just are Joneson for maybe they want that sports back on 940. Could happen. I'm thinking it could happen. Like if, if error America goes belly up, and he's definitely a possibility of that. And what do they do then? Right? Because most of the shows they're carrying are from Eramer. They can always keep Randy on air, but she's on tape anyway. So wouldn't surprise me if they got like waiting in the wings. I guess what? Next Monday we're going back to WRF X. We had so many call from so many of them. Another show of course is Tussacourse. QM is decided to go on another direction. So we decided for our loyal sports nerds at World War I'm by. Wouldn't it shock me at all? I can about three weeks. WQM, hello. Anyhow you do it? Pretty good? Anyhow much of both the crank call you. It's always busy. Why? Why is it always good though? QM? QM? Hello. Can't I just call it your mind? What do you say? Two nervous to talk. Never mind. But thanks for calling, pal. Is our dear departed old friend what we say? What do you say? Two nervous to talk? Never mind. But thanks for calling, pal. Is our dear departed old friend what we say? In her inimitable way? Thanks for calling. Why sure, miss her? Yeah. The world just isn't the same since she moved on. Say. QM, hello. Two, two, three. How that was when a Howard's people? Do you think that was Howard? Was that Howard? Was that John Johnson? QM, hello. Yes. Yes. I'd like to discuss my story. I'd like to discuss my story. I'd like to discuss my pleasure with the radio station, not bring Howard's turn back. Go work the right hand. Take all the same one. Well, my feeling is it's repetitive, boring, soft, more, faster humor and keenness envy. I think what the radio station should do apparently, listening to the lack of intellect with the colors. Let's have 12 hours of Howard's turn. Well, by 12 hours of NFL football, it seems to be what everybody wants to talk about. No, you don't be afraid of intellectual stimulation at all. If you get anything that way. Wait a minute. Say intellectual stimulation in South Florida. You know how could be joking? You said I've been on the U.S. 30 years in this town. And you tell me that this is a place that's looking for intellectual stimulation? You know, and if you do listen to the radio, it's all turned. Everything is just so flamboyant to either laugh there right. I mean, there's no non-biased talk shows on the radio down here. It's absolutely disgusting. Yeah. And you know, I do have two quick questions before we get back to our important Howard's turn colors. Any chance in my lifetime of seeing a viable priority, so we have a Republican Democratic alternative? No. I will only wish, but the answer is no. And on a lighter note, you're favored all time, maple, be pocket-player. All time, whoever will be able to pay Johnny Bower. I'm right with you. Mine would be big, key on great value. I'll be fair. And maybe somebody to leave some makeup with Dave Keyon and make a minster there. Bad with a tweet of him. Oh, that's horrible. That number's not hanging from the raptors. Right, amen. Have a good day, sir. And back to you. Yeah, let's talk some hockey. What do you say? As a matter of fact, I'm so glad he called. I know you're not. If I wanted to have a little horse racing, I'm sure what I'll do for you. I've been being horses second. Huh? What's wrong with that? Oh, they're in middle of a spot. Maybe there's something you're setting on leaf TV. You think? We miss always. Uh-huh. Well, I can tell you right now. If you just give me a, let's see, changing date. What is this all about? My damn cable here, huh? Or get 80 billion leaf. Oh, at least lunch. We go water. He's got a big stomach and a big mouth. You're okay, my book bill, okay? Got a big mouth and out of free to use it. Just like somebody we know. Ha ha ha ha ha. That was funny. I just, I don't know. It's good. Like I said, it's a very good thing that I'm holding on these two days a week until the end of the month because I can't, uh, I, I don't like this. I don't like it at all. I want to, everybody involved in those, I love including Gary Sarner and everybody else don't ever come. Again, I'm Gary. Uh, I just, I don't like it. I don't feel comfortable with this situation where people keep telling us. I mean, isn't that supposed to be what we're just shows all about? Yeah. Isn't this where the audience comes to hear, uh, all the inside stuff and he really going on and they're cut away to BS and they're ripped to hell out of the management, deservedly so and, uh, you know, oh, uh, and this is the only that this excuse, which I don't want to say what it is because that, that would be self-defeating, but this baloney that they came up with this morning is the why we can't do that. That is so marginal. It's, it comes some kind of a moron. Yeah. No, they just know that it was paid in. I want to make the picture that check was there. That's all. Boy, you, you folks over there in Naples, man, you need mental help in. And it's like our whole schizophrenia corporation now. They want Howard's doing on the one hand. The other hand, don't say this and don't say that. We got this broad name, Joyce, who fancy you just off with some kind of SEC attorney over there who doesn't know or ask for my elbow and she's over there. Oh, you can't say, uh, gag and can't say, gag and, you know, anything with a bag. Maybe she's no a bag. Maybe that's her problem. Hey. Yeah. God, you can't do anything. So on a one hand, they want to be wild and crazy and cutting edge. I mean, sure work well was for well. I know, no question about that. Did that work out real well? Sure. They just don't know. I've known some people like that. They don't know what direction they want to go. I never met people like that. They got like one foot in and one foot out. By the way, how about the outing of all those Republican, like, and that's his Republicans, but the democratic senator Barbara McCulsky from Merrill is if there was any doubt about that. Uh, Dijk. How about the Mark Foley? Yeah. Can't this my Smacio, Norma, can't or Mark Foley? I think Norma's got him beat. Now, what is Charlie Chris having come in with Jesus Christ? Five six. Oh, I don't see. I like that. I like that business. All these self-hating fags. All these people like Alice Ranchel who is dragged out of the class of by little birth friends there on WFTL at one day, many years ago. And as I'm excavating as a make believe right wing culture host, who you kidnously hard, okay? Man, you kidnish honor dated Cassidy this week. Five six. Five six. Three years of yours. The whole piece of Dino's and you move. Barbara Davis didn't hear any of you. And you, Robert Davis, didn't hear any of you. And you, I'm not a chak, but think I'm here for long. You're in saturday. But looking at chak will love me for my mind. Sometimes sports could be a lot of story. Of simple-minded sport holes about their athletic idols. I know the chak would think of beautiful uninsight. Hello, I'm Professor Irwin Corey, founder of ejacadate.com. I think I did written real-gen's will love me. But I have got here. Those who are intimidated by women-fine comfort in the deep dimensions of idol worship. Only chak knows the secret of myself. Outside of detailing their escalator of poultry chips, it probably will never happen. But we'd sure like to give you hope. Let us help you. There's a lot or there's least four holes out there for free. One month trial to be applied to your credit card in case you don't remember. Come on, one eight eight eight eight eight. Athletic chocolate popsicle. So I'm sitting in guys team and that's a worthy good American football. Do you think Ricky ought to sign up with the whatever the name of that team? But the Saturday night we're live on the radio noon from land 930 on your AM dial. And I'll be right website at www.fj maple.ca. Anyway, what about that frank Mahavolochum and Derell Sivler? 567.0560. 560. 1.0561. It is made of these Howard Steering. Welcome Howard to South Florida because of we possibly can't be between now and two. And then the other guy that was lamenting the fact that it's entertainment. It's a show business. It's a radio show. That's what it is. You like to find if not good luck to you. This guy is searching for intellectual. He wants his intellect to be fed in South Florida. Good luck to you, Pally. The average IQ in South Florida is like minus infinity. Or shouldn't I cancel infinity and my. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Why what do you think going to happen to old Paul and young douchebags? Brady is going Howard comes on. See this guy said the D where we can't say that. Joyce said we can't say the. How do you like that? I know that's embarrassing. And we're that they're going to be saying that on certain other shows. But that's okay. We won't. Because Joyce said you won't know you don't and you can't. But he does bring up a good prank. But that says repetitive. I already brought that up earlier. Being as a superziam and I just. I've lost already answered that question in that memo. Well that's right David Ross and the confidential. It's clear channel memo, which you can read on our website. Neil Rogers commented it's entirety of course. Right. After you finish looking at the Ricky Williams video, which will give you a few last. But anyway, once you get through reading David Ross's. Brilliant comments. You'll understand that they got nothing if you're. But fear itself. Right. They've got no. They don't know the rest of your elbow. They have no clue what that was all about. And look at all the controversy we're going to have on QAM. And the fact that he wrote a memo indicates that they're in a total state of panic and they're crap on each other 24 hours a day. They've got a question about that. Got that wall of men. Yeah, yeah, right. I think Duff is a check in that out to any Naples. Or is that during fantasy first? 560560. 560. I mean, the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Seriously, working for a Greg Reed and these people is an experienced. No, the audience doesn't believe me. They think I exaggerate that it's all stick. Like the thing with me and more like with that was stick. And I still think it over that. You won't. Because anybody who was even close. I mean within a hundred miles of the situation had to know that there was nothing. No, no stick involved with that stuff. You know what I mean? Absolutely. You talk about the great heat. And then of course he had the great heat with Hank, which there's some certain irony in there. The fact that he's filling in, of course, now while Hank is whatever. And whatever. I'm telling you, you don't want to believe me. He's a whole new person now since he's got the new dude. No? Yeah. So another was your tell me that you're in favor of this situation. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. What you're saying? I'm hearing you. I'm my close fat personal friend. I would never mean. Same on me. I'm just saying that he's, uh, has never been said. Good stuff in days that whole whole new attitude. It's amazing to see. Well, I was, it was Samson and Rivers with passion. They cut their property became a real worsen with more. They chopped off the old pasty away. They cut off the lapages blue. And all of a sudden it became like a mince is what you're trying to tell. Wasn't he smells better? I'll believe you when I smell it. WQAM hello. Nio. Yes sir. How you doing? Since they've grown AK, John Ma got a message for George. But that's what I'm going to kick your ass. Come on. But over to Rome. Oh, no, Rome is the Chambagai. It's Jerome. He works as the, at the guardhouse and manages, uh, complex. If he got a house where? He's a guard. He's the guardhouse monkey. He sits there and waves. And where does he do this? When he landed, so let's go. Let's go. Tell me. But we do know, though. Yeah. Oh, I got news for it. He may not tell you, but he'll tell me. We'll get to the bottom of that. That will be on the year. And your Chambagai, your days will be over. Have to find a new hobby. I have no luck. Your own. What kind of a name is that? Anyway, your own. Is really the L.J. Rome? Huh? Is really? He's in his really? Oh, holy. God, I don't remember my name. That's fruit cake. If they used to call me an ANZ. Another, uh, not job. Man, oh man. What, uh, what, uh, talk about a contradiction in terms of a scene is really? I didn't know we were messy with him. Yeah, yeah. Quick. I mean, he's got to come and kick your ass. Right. So you show up at the station tomorrow, okay? Learn. And they're going to drag GFI in there on a stretcher. He's going to kick your ass. I can't believe that he had a TIA, huh? Sure I can. Yeah. I'm fucking who not believe it. Well, I mean, I had two of them. I was very lucky, but I couldn't have another one. I'll hear it to you that. Only again, two pounds of medication, jerks is all day too. There's nothing wrong with that. All right. It would have been a lot of an ed if I wouldn't have been for all of exercise. Good food and Germany, man. Food and Amsterdam sucks. If you want food and Amsterdam, go to McDonald's. Eat that crap. Or go to the Albert Heine convenience store there on the damrak. I don't eat the Dutch food. It'll kill you. The worst. Oh, man. When you go to Holland for the first time, if you ever do or if you've been there, if you see all those real skinny, squaddy people, it looks like they just came from Virgin Delson on a bad day. You'll understand because they don't eat anything. And if you live there, you wouldn't either because the food is crack. How come it is that Germany, which is right next to Holland, if you look on the map, has got such fantastic food, man. The sausages and the worst and the vener's, they'll all the German food is magnificent. God, they got great food. And you go right across the border on the train and you get into the Holland, it's like fat. Everything is crap. Must have seen to cross the North Sea from England, I think. When you think, I would think. Some of that spotted circuit card. Maybe some of those cockle, cockle charmers can tell us about it. I think there are shuckers. WQA and hello. Yes sir. I'd like to challenge that's unbagaatual. That's the same. Oh, my brother. Wow. How many times? How many times are you going to get with it? Huh? I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. Absolutely. Jesus. WQA and hello. What are we going to get a female card in? That's not a wrong number. I think we have to hurry in a week. A couple. Just a couple. Nothing to write home about now. Pretty sad. We're having all the ladies gone man. We used to do good and I would do ladies. And of course we got a misfortune. Which is not a lot of BS for station anymore. They don't know what they want to be. They're all over the place. Oh, we want to be really wild. But don't say this and don't say that and don't talk about this. WQA and hello. How much do you want to get to the point? Good. WQA and hello. You know that's the same guy. That's the second time in the last couple months. The same guy. How much do you want to get to the point? I don't really care because I would turn it off. I don't get any diaries and stuff. It doesn't make me any money. Sorry, we don't give a fine crap on how it's turned. Since assuming it's true. Who cares? WQA and hello. Neil, how are you? Pretty good. Hey, what's I got a guy store for you? He's just happened to types in horrible politics and stuff for it all. I'm going to ask Matt, Matt, a gym wants to say the name and I like the way a little political recharge shirt. And one guy decided to make some of his own political recharge shirts and favorite of our Commander-in-chief. Yeah. And so I wanted to find one that I think is a pretty nice shirt. Whatever he has, kind of stupid, but it's funny. And today's shirt goes to Alkhaidea. Coming to an interview. Right there is a divorce. I can't let it go. So I just say, you know, excuse me to show it. We started getting into a little bit. And I said, why do you think it's okay to be a nightroader? First of this. First of this. Let me just say any basic conversation in the course. I'm just naive. And I'm naive. And that's all I just said. You know, who's saying it's an evil dictator. Telling people, can I ask him to take a kill? Anybody that you know? Huh? Did he kill anybody that you know? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I tell you. Do you know? Do he kill anybody that you know? And then he says, well, you know, yeah, I mean, he probably human beings. And then I just know where. I don't know where. I hear it comes to stop for a lot of tie. There's only any comes on the sides. He kills those lilies. I'll tell you. That's for me, yeah. It's just, inches so sad and, you know. It's a easy, easy, you know. He's scared of this thing. I guess I coming into a production unit and as I'll hide up. you know what we're doing with our tax dollars or social situation education health care now the fact that the matter is there shouldn't be any more alcada if we would have spent all a billions of dollars that we've flushed out the toilet colon all these people in sacrificing our kids in a rack and we were spent on a real fight on terrorism then there wouldn't be any more alcada would say live it was through the teeth about numerous times by the way anyway it just it's just unbelievable here I just for what she came up and said they kill Israeli I just that was it for me I just just remember one thing sir the bush people are the evil duchers you know ever forget it yeah five six seven oh five six deep pound five sixty on the eighty see bush has this tremendous appeal in America because he's stupid around the rest of the world where they may not smell so good at least they got a brain he don't have any appeal in fact they hate him like poison I mean like poison or unfortunately they happen to hate a lot of Americans like poison out too because it's the by association he used to be in fact right after nine eleven that was a high point in the history probably in this country in terms of world-wide respect everybody sympathize for us they love this they whatever they could for us and then he turned that goodwill of the world around and just they didn't hate in no time at all high-spot and w and don't forget what they say until the same Texas once and more on always and more on know what they say shame on you got trained yeah we watch okay cool again we'll see it in oh choppy w in fact maybe he can retire no choppy would his brother to with his fat ass brother how I still I just shake my head how that man got re-elected it just lie through his teeth fix the election with his girlfriend cats and here she's got some issues by the way cats and we can talk about that bitch yeah leaker or liar cats and here's a the center of a brand new storm either leak classified information came up with a huge whopping lie she wouldn't do that would she he wouldn't be involved in that uh progress election 2000 which he or uh must have just made it all up come back chapter one at five sixty w q a when you're moving a renovating that's the best time to dial one eight hundred mattress make that first night in your dream house heavily with a brand new top-body brand name at fris from dollar macros you picked it eight and time for delivery to fit your move in schedule don't forget they need to our window that's convenient for you and they'll be there in fact dial macros is on time 99.7% of the time and nobody's got a better selection of queen and king size macros has ready for a need to delivery than dial macros when you call one eight hundred macros right now you'll get you a great macros that is uncompriced that's unbeatable dial macros is right number one in customer satisfaction there were what is it the 2004 better business bureau local church of excellence award when you call one eight hundred macros you're choosing a complete line of all the top names in a business they got a model c.ly surd a king coil Simmons temporary experience of the analyst foster everybody if q a was called one eight hundred macros for our macros is and you ought to be doing the same too log out of their website macros dot com or for a great night sleep for years to come just make that one easy call one eight hundred macros one eight hundred T-T-R-E-S Woo away is one of the swings oscillnaudible� let the Between my means, To be a breath of bliss, Be it, There ain't no strength inside my crew, My name, And all that are capping On the moon, 69, Your free, To careful away, You might go by this And hang on a chain, And have all the roast beans That you've paid me I've rose in less than a fruit Are the chicken of the seed Of the... And a deck that gets really warm I just protected the shower store Don't scratch That lets me get out I got a sacrifice And no fear As far as I know I've needed to make this much go-ah-long So now you're so rounded by voice Power With bunching your arms Are the chicken of the seed Better, better, better, better Better, better, better I know, what you said is that I've ordered But you wanted to be not alone The biker of the seed in a sign of the table Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I don't know about that kind of order The floor has a big taste Ah, the ladies I've just been informed We hit a nice point A fantastic shitting Ah, I got to go I got to go Well 18 at 5, 60 WBQA I'm one of our political jerky's getting I've been chatting about lecture 2000 Some point the conversation turns to the exploits Upcaster and Harris As floor to secretary stay a cast And Harris rose overnight Out of virtual anonymity The center of the political hurricane Surrounded to the disputed 2000 presidential election In 2002 we covered from her electoral trail veil She did tail copiously in her book Center of the storm practicing principle leadership In terms of crisis Catherine Harris ran and was elected to Congress By the way, do you hear about her plane? No, what about it? Now representative Harris is experiencing more anger She appears to be at the center of another storm This will have a new idea of the accuracy of her marks she made A devotion rally in Florida And whether she leaked classified information How do you like that? Oh my god A Monday August 2th Speaking at a rally for President Bush in Venice Florida Harris told the crowd That the administration had toward it over a hundred terrorist plots She also claimed that a plot existed to blow up the power grid And calm down in the end of the AP reported According to an August 4th AP story Harris told the audience that while she was in the Midwest recently The mayor of Carmel told her how a man of Middle Eastern heritage had been arrested and hundreds of kilograms of explosives were found in his home He had tensed to blow up the areas and tear power grid she was reported saying The major thing wrong with Harris's story Commosity officials in AP interviews claimed they knew of no such plot Where were the comments we read in the papers said Ten Green assistant chief police in Carmel It's not a short distance from Indianapolis We're not aware of any plans to blow up Carmel's power grid Nancy Hecky spoke to him for Carmel Mayor Jim Brainard said The mayor never talked to Catherine Harris They never had that conversation Did Catherine Harris disclose classified information Or is it the case of her not doing what she's talking about And August 4th Presverly from Harris's congressional office Quotes her saying I regret that I had no knowledge of the sensitive nature of this situation But she stood by her comments that the US has toured potential attacks in the last three years Which she said was based on classified information Actually it's been more than a hundred she told the sirs or so to help her be an Augusteer adding It's classified obviously not classified to me But things I can't go to details about Can't let the humor situation She said only the specifics of the thwarted attacks were classified But also put it out the need for each of us to remain alert and vigilant in fighting terrorism Catherine Harris is the reason why so many government officials have a credibility problem Either they don't know what they're talking about or they're violating their own security rules And who knows which is the case here Stephen after good editor of secrecy news a publication of the Federation of American scientists told me At an October 2001 Presverly available a long-sight Chancellor Schroeder of Germany President Bush was asked to talk about what prompted him to write the memo to Congress About briefing on intelligence matters why do you think such restrictions are appropriate? The president replied that he felt it was important to send a clear signal to Congress That classified information must be held dear that there's a responsibility that if you're receiving a briefing or classified information You have responsibility and some members did not accept that responsibility Some didn't some do whatever this says So I took it upon myself to notify leadership of the Congress that I intended protect our troops The president also said it is unacceptable behavior to leak classified information when we have troops at risk And in December 2001, the U.S. Department of Justice report titled Attorney General Ashcroft And also his interagency task force review ways to combat leaks of classified information The attorney general made a clear that leaks of classified information do substantial damage to the security Interest of the nation the daily mislead a project of move on.org report in early August In October 2002 letter from attorney general John Ascroft had been sentenced to the attorney general promised That uncompromising attention we paid to the prosecutors Classified information are deterred by the real prospect of productive investigations and strict applications of appropriate penalties They'll have no reason to stop their humble actions. He be saying Intituity is the right thing when no one else is around Catherine here are said to wait you in for you recently Hold steady and you're gonna build that kind of character and for once it's a difficult times we never have a chance to grow After her recent remarks Harris is clearly forged another growth opportunity Well the president called Catherine Harrison the Oval Office to find out what information to me have disclosed The attorney general asked Prof. At least the investigatory powers of his office to get to the bottom of the Harris revelations According to the Sarah Soda Herald Tribune a staff member of the U.S. House Prime Minister, elect committee on intelligence Which oversees the nation's intelligence operations said he had heard of no such plot I'm waiting for the other shooting drop if her comments about the caramel Indiana incident were true I expected to come out within hours or days that I have to go and I might call into question the future for ability to reach Receive class of information at set of in so on. I like that Catherine Harris. You could be a liar or worse Or a secret right or a big mouth Jeff said he had a big mouth. Well it's played to see. That's what I'm hearing 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 see I'm thinking that these bedtime stories which you know a little bit of work I mean we'll put him on our website, but you think the student people want to read those bedtime stories I don't know he's got a few on his website now. Obviously trying to dump bush So maybe if he would have thought about dumping bush and all these right wing is before all the SEC started back in February Maybe that would have been a really good idea instead of you know when you sleep with the enemy That's what Judy Roberts find out. He got real tourists But what I'm saying is that we know is because I don't think they're compatible with that audience you know I mean we have our own audience obviously, but if we're going to grow this enormous audience We grow in our leaps and bounds. What do you think? Probably. Yeah, agree. Somebody QA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing? All right. Yeah, I like this idea that you and how are you guys going to code this that would be interesting. Yeah, but I got a lot of question of you, Neil. Is this show is it is it dedicated to the one that he does normally drop us all the old nation or this is going to be world is What would you talk about sir? You know, I'm actually thinking QA have a good idea to do a show just strictly for QAM or the person I'm a parent show he's on like 40 some stations, man. We get get some help. We'll probably I have no right. Oh, good Uh, yeah, he's going to do a special show during the commercial breaks on his syndicated show. He's going to come running into another studio. He's going to be quoting it I'm just strictly just for QA right Right, we'll be talking about sports there you go about what's happening on this thing bullmark What's there and up there and last hours. Take me across. Oh last I'm what's going on here? We have an appartheid here here something where I'm where you are Yeah, I don't think so But there's something click it and puke it over there one of the community. What about peace? WQA and hello. I know. Yes sir. How are you? Great. Listen, I've listened to you for years 35 years old. I can't find out much of it. I still enjoy listening to you But I have to do that honest with you. Yes, and I can't really call their shows and complain. Well, I guess I can but you know what? I don't know why this guy, Howard David or Moe is on the air. I'm not a police. I do not know. Can you tell me why they keep this guy on the air? Because they're stupid because they refuse because they want to pay him off to go away if they were smart. They would pay him off. They say you got a year and a half left on the deal We're going to write you a check. You continue with the dolphins to your contract with them is up. So he's got a separate deal with it often games And if they want to continue with him that sets up to them. But that's where we're going to above his QM deal. So he could continue doing the dolphin games And they could just pay him to go away. It wouldn't be the first time that's been done. But they I don't know. It looks to me like they, you know, they don't want to pay anybody off You know, I, you know, I'm an honest guy. I think he does a great job doing the dolphin games. I listen to my money nice for a couple of years prior to him coming here But you know, one meal he's just not he didn't do what he said he was going to do in revolutionized talk, rich people He's not ready to do. I mean, he never did that and you know, he said sports talk is boring and then he was said about to prove it. I think he did a pretty good job He did, you know, I think he did that. That's quite an unrap all the slime all the time. Yeah, and for him to try to take over Amherst spot because I know what's going on there. Maybe you guys can't talk about it. But ESPN is another radio show, another radio And that's where he's going. And obviously the little dog is going over there. You already went over there and well, they've been the Hank is not going there. That's what was in the paper of yesterday I think. Yeah, well, you know, I hope he doesn't, but if he does, you know, I definitely won't be listening to the four clock in here guys. I'm sorry, but I have as long as most on the air there. There's a lot of you. I love you. No matter what. Okay, Polly. Thanks for the look. Thank you. Great day. All right, okay So what's this guy trying to say? You don't like no. Come on man. Mo is a new man. That's what your just campaign he must have done something to you or with you or about you. Let me let me rub his head. Wow. It was tingly back in the day. I might say something about that. What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? I want to die. I want to die. You are properly approaching, oh, oh come, I won't think about it. compiled something like that. Where are you, you and me? Why do you want to spend you? Then why? I know my smelly track you. But unlike Zac you, you still got such a... I feel just like that you are my dear brother. And we're getting to another. And why you want to spend that by and... That's just... That's just... That's just... That's just... That's just going... Going... Going... Going... Going... Going... Going... Going... Going... Going... Going... Going... Going... Going... How many 7.02. Mad Dog is through the afternoon. I wonder what the Mad Dog is going to be. One was the last 10 he was on. I don't know. I wouldn't be able to. Not in the weekend. Yeah. I know. I know it was not yesterday. We had Curtis Stevenson was a guest-hote-dinguist today, which is why Mad Dog heads such big numbers in Zoom. A lot of Curtis. I just don't know what to make of this. One thing about Greg Reedab always said, There's the right way to do things and there's the... Greg Reedab way to do it. He's kind of like someone who's trying to... He's always long man, always. At least he's consistent, consistently. But as he breaks it again, at 85 billion little pieces, Kang Greg put the egg together again. An SM Brussels airline made an emergency landing after an Anigate the passenger of Cat. That was the cockpit and attacked the corpile of the airline said today. The flight yesterday from Brussels to Vienna Austria had been in the year by 20 minutes when it was noticed that a passenger's pet had escaped from its cage, although it's not yet clear how according to an airline's statement. One's free, the animal proceeded to wander around the cabin, slipping into the cockpit when meals were being delivered to the two-man flight crew with said. At this stage, the animal became agitated and nervous and said an airline's spokesperson added that the cat scratched the corpile of its arm. The pilot don't say a microwave's on planes? You'd think? Or the pilot decided to return to Brussels as a precaution in the 58 passengers like Brussels to our later. I'm not there flight to Cat have been checked in Oslo, Norway, and an internationally approved flight transport bag, but the airline said it may end up changing its procedures for pets in the cabin once it concludes its investigation. At no time throughout the incident was the past news security effect in any way they'd be saying. S10 Brussels never heard of it, cute? No. It'll be the international flyer that you are with it. By the way, the food on KLM sucks. And they have no idea, no clue how to board a flight man. It's just chaos when European Airlines board a flight chaos. Another reason I just pray, I will get on my flying carpet and pray that air came to the never goes out of business because they sure know how to do it right. But man, these international airlines are in the L.A. KLM. It's just chaos. It's part of that European pushy route kind of thing, you know, where everybody, they see one person going toward the line and right away everybody's rushing up there. Now just people with small children, please just business class and they're all pushing and shoving and then they say you know, they say, my love affair with Europe is many fantastic places there are to visit and see the food and a lot of things. It's tempered greatly by the fact that the hygiene of the Europeans and a lot of the people from other parts of the world who want to beam there are a little bit lacking. You know, I was out of a mistake. And I wonder why that is because I don't weave the colony. We supposed to be the barbarians and they're the continent, you know. I don't know what to deal with. I was we smell a lot there in the art. Maybe with the guys, maybe we have something to do with that foreskin, which seems to be an epidemic or all over. I don't know how the airing. Things are coming back. Exactly. Are any of those man? There's five six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five. Something's sting sick you am. I'll tell you that. We can't tell you what it is, but something. That's what I think it is right there. I think it's ding. That's what they're doing. Yeah, back at you. What are you? Only, it ain't the rat anymore. The rat, the musk rat. Right. WCWM hello. Yes sir. How are you? Pretty good. It's like having Zay Brux and Luke out of back to back with you and ours. Number three and number four. And the other thing, Howard mentioned that last week, when he was talking about housing, he was flying around Jeff Bush on his private plane at the reason why he ain't on Bush gives him gifts like capsule and rental car damages and all kinds of stuff like that. Oh my god. And political favor. That's the reason why he was on one hour, Howard Stern on his face. You there? I'm listening. I didn't follow what I don't understand. Okay. Well he's a, I think, and Bush are friends. Yeah. So Howard's furnace has been a real, as much of a critic of George Bush's, he was a late. Yeah. So Jeff doesn't want Jeff and his high thing or a friend. Right. And Jeff gives high thing a political favor. Yeah, that's a good idea. Why does that have to do with Howard Stern? Well Howard Stern's quit his eyes and his phone. You know, the one George Bush by any stretch of imagination is that Robin after this morning that if George Bush gets this, she's gone. She's gone to another country. Yeah. That's what she said first. Well I got a head start on both of the money like that. Yeah. Well, it should be with you. But, you know, they, that's the political end of it. That's the reason why they, they stop his or her, hesitating about being on your station because Jeff and I think are, are that funny? Well, how do you like them apples? That took us it up for me. That's a man. Well, pack them a salami sandwich, man. One other thing on the hour, David's thing. Yeah. Oh, those are those are those. How come these guys like Howard? Why do they do serious about things like Ricky Williams or Chac or whatever. Why would they? When they're obviously, obviously, these other things in the world that mean so much more than this. You say, I can understand if somebody is going to pay me to talk about sports or to pay me to talk about it. Whatever the topic is and that's what I'm hired to do. I can understand that, you know, that's what you're going to be more interested in. But, but I really did. That's what turns me off as they take a just such a level. Like it's like that they appeal only those people are so intense and sure the same kind of road. One dimension of mindset. I can't relate to it. I hate it. The only one that does that cap or the ease that he's good with with the social conscience. Now, the other guy just is ridiculous. There's just a little bit of nonsense. Good luck to us, pal. I have a great thing. So you go back to what the guy said before about Mo and about Hank and about this. We're not seeing, I've said this before. Naturally, because we all eat out the same trough and I don't see too many underfed people of our stations. We must be a lot. But we'd love to see people listening to QM24 hours a day or at least all other waking hours. Now that ain't going to happen. People go to that. Unless of course, they're Hispanic and they write down WDQBA. But it's just unrealistic. So the way I live my life is like for example when I watch television. I know this is, I don't watch networks. I don't watch show when I'm pretty gay. You see what I'm saying? I watch programs that I like. I watch shows that I lie down. That I find are interesting. I watch an A&E investigative reports, which I think is a great show. Or watch whatever. I'm a greenwoody. Yeah. But whatever I like. So whether I mean we've got 80 million channels in the same as radio. And it gets a little ponderist to me. I mean, I don't mind. Let's learn people low off of the little steam. But Jesus, I mean, we're not going to be able to, you know. And just when we thought we had the world by the balls here and we have to do this great book. And then we got Stern coming on next Monday. And now it's like we got another crisis because Greg Reed cannot write a business. But I have an crisis every day and week. I've never seen anything like it. Every time you turn around, he's another crisis because he doesn't know how to deal with people. That's the biggest problem of it. He won't deal with people. Everything is behind the back to some other conduit you've duffed to clearance through this one. Never a face to face or even a the last phone conversation I had from that man was, what is it about a year and a half ago? They're about. Then he called and congratulate me on a great rating book. And by the way, I've decided to terminate your dreadwreggers because somebody, I don't want to make you know names. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And he said about those emails. And I mean, which is just a humorous, a funny thing. I apologize. Well, you know, I will get carried away. It's always like a bad marriage with that guy. Always slap a beating a wife up and I'm sorry. I didn't really hear that. I was in a bag with that kind of thing. Yeah. When you shop for quality foodware, great selection professional service is only one place to go. And that's brandy shoes and combo to be. These people are going around a long time. So you know they're doing a lot of things right. At brandy's you find the biggest selection men's and women's shoes, the best service, and the best best best best. And the best prices in town period. It brandys your fun top quality names like rock port, floor shine, SAS, spirit, timber, naturalizer and loss more. It's with brandy's, food selection chances are you'll never hear. Sorry. We don't have that style in size. In fact, you can get grazed life on it. That whatever style suits your fancy, they're going to pull it off the shelf and slap it on your foot right away. Brandy's is open daily Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9. Sunday's 10 to 5 and you'll find them at 1290 North Central Highway in Pompino Beach. It's always worth the trip no matter where you are because you can't be the mudistick. All the sweetest brandys that they say is men's foresharm and women's naturalizers, and rock port pro walkers are only 4490. So be sure to come into brandys for great savings as always this week or visit them on the web at Brandy's Shoes. That's with their waltzay, 1, 2, 3Ses, Brandy Shoes.com. And on the big OO! What's that stand for? Or rather? No, that's just short for Orlando Bloom. You don't look curious. No, no, no. No, no. No, no. Now Neil's going to read me for four hours. I've been asked to keep this in strict confidence. But in case you want to run away here, show that to the fans. Show that to the fans. That's a little loud. Maybe we should take this call from our special guest, Roberto L'Ongo. Hi, everybody. You know what I'm going to voice is a pimp does now? There's an arch of that squeaky voice guy that goes by all the time. Oh, I like to do that squeaky voice guy that goes by all the time. Oh, I like to do that squeaky voice guy that goes by all the time. Do it, do it, do it. Do it, do it. Do it, do it. Do it, do it. Do it, do it. Do it, do it. Do it, do it. We can't get into that right now. Show that Neil that. Hey, guys. I want to work in that. I'm just kidding. Hey, Neil. I'm so proud of it. Come on. Hi, Neil. Oh, I'm a crush. You look so beautiful. Yeah. Well, on 47, I forgot about your instrument and instrument, too. That's another part of Greg Reid's. Is it kind of like? Lots of suspensions. Now, you never got suspended. Almost got fired. Because of, uh, but those are totally fine. But either. I don't do suspensions. Every told him that right up front. I don't do suspensions. Pedro on paid. David. Sure. It's for like school kids. But it's part of the Greg Reid, Ethan. Well, it's a bit harder. Yeah. That's right. You know, I was present of my eighth grade. Class when I was an elementary school. Yeah. I guess they don't call it that anymore. Whatever they call it. It's all about they call it. Is it? Yes. Watson. And we, uh, we, one of the things that I had to do was order the class rings for the graduating class. Okay. I don't remember. I mean, it's about a hundred years ago. But I was like a little tardy in getting one of the final details of it. And Miss Halford, that was her name. I missed the orb. I mean, she was my, uh, history teacher. She was about to be into the Pinton and the Sintamorintha. Okay. Yeah. I'm serious. But at any rate, so she, she had me come up with the kids are, are we writing, whatever they're doing or taking a test. Has me come up to her desk to ask me about, uh, did I do this? And I had to give her the honest answer that it wasn't there would take another few days. What? Go back to desk and stand. Do you know what that's like? Yeah. He really is like 29 of your peers or kids see a city of the city. And they watch you stand there. I should have taken a broom and stuck it so far up her ass. That's a handle. What a come up to her earlobe. Is that incredible or what? Go back to your desk and stand. Well, let us go a QA and operate. Go back to your desk and stand. Go back to your microphone and stand there and dummy up and you are suspended. Everybody sooner or later gets suspended. So that Greg can feel like a real man, which believe you me from what I hear is not. What South Florida vented the past year do you think was the most of, say a real man he can talk to your face to face? He can have a conversation without like peniness pants. He isn't that will avoid your phone calls. He isn't going to jerk you around. He's not going to like take cat and mouse with you. Like go in a hiding all the time. He's not going to go out of time on vacation right now at the most crucial time. Just like the least one on the year in a station seven years ago. Where was Greg who was in a panic because he knew the equivalent was all a piece of crap. And it would be a miracle if we ever got on the year, which by some miracle we did. He was in Chicago with his family on vacation hiding. That's where he got his best hiding. Anyway, now I get in the front across or what? No, what he says. He's a piece of crap. 632 votes on the 4. Let's not too bad, I guess. What do you expect? It's not like a simple eating. Probably we have a lot of great choices on there, right? Right. What's so full of that in the past year? Do you think was the most important? A Marlon's win a world story? 249. Even George is a little bit ripped up about them. I guess he's not. Even you would like to say. We did it! Huh? But I work. We. Marlon's win a world series 249. WMQ and brings back Howard Stern, 1209, 20.4%. Not bad, not, I don't know. I thought it would be bigger than that. The heat gets, what's his name? Thank you. 88. More Howard did it because in for the first time. I thought it was in for the suspended. There's another one of those suspensions. Thank Robert. And let me see it again. Hank has a name. Okay. The fact that he may be in some controversy right now, is that's, that's a given. And, you know, we're not able to discuss it on here. The details in the web, for whatever, for whatever reason they got. But those are my, I don't want to tell other people what to do on the radio station, but it sounds so, horseball. It sounds so bad. You know, they're given a line up for a wheel is on today or George is on them. And then, how would they, and then, how would David, it feels the four to seven slot? Is it fatso? He's a horse, he doesn't have a name. I mean, more is if we don't even know who the hell he was. Let's not get too carried away. Okay. What is, obsessive obedience is my suggestion. Agreed? I'm a homo? Homo, Howard David, feels it for suspended hike over a 57. Third channel, dumb silence, 154. Rookie, Williams or Tarzan, only 44. Not even in the same category with the what's his name? Oh, right. No, not you. That one. And WRF X dropped sports, E11. Way there in last place holding up the ass into left, which is a pretty heavy number, considering their audience. Considering their miniscule audience. And if you think their audience is small, WFLL isn't that that 1400, that carbon-ennis foster station. I refuse to write in the suit the ticket in ESPN because it was his idea. Oh, please. Why not is the best QAM hello? I'm a whole week. You're going to be back. WDQAM hello. Hi George? Yes. Question. I've been away on vacation. Is this your son? I wish it was. Was not. Do you know where that color said there was? Question. That sounded just like your son. Question. Go home, sir. Yeah. I'm just wondering, what happened with all these questions? We have all these questions. We can't tell you. Big secret. Call up Colin Powell. Call up Donald Trump's field. Talk to Tom Reed. He'll give you some warnings about it. You know what I mean? Oh my God. Can't tell you. All I can tell you is that a tour clock Jim Mandage will be under the day. The mad dog will be on him make one of his rare summer appearances. Howard David, like it or not. We'll be on 46 30 this afternoon filling in for the suspended hangover. 6 30 Marlins on deck. Cardinals at the Marlins 705 at TPP Park up the street there for Mucku WAM and Eddie K after baseball game is always. All the Penteville 80 K. Others are good guy keeps his nose clean right? Right? Never stole a freight train. There we go. When he does much gambling is Eddie does he have to keep your nose clean. If we all leave, then why don't we just eat better? Well the truth of the matter is we are creatures of heaven. When it comes to eating, we don't want to give up those comfort foods. Our taste buds basically will are logic for those of you out there on low carb diets. You know how hard it is to live without pizza. So if you're on one of the low carb diets, we're not talking to you non-dieters. Cutting carbs cafes got a real treat for you. Cutting carbs cafe located in the sunrise is building up a following for its Multi-green pizza. Their multi-green pizza is for the fiber that delivers great taste. Imagine that if pizza you can eat while staying through to your diet, it's all about the philosophy of good low carbs. Cutting carbs cafe understands you what you're selling your kids eat better. So how about eating a tasty pizza with your carbs and trying those carbs into lean muscle? You don't much try a call at 954-514-001. That's 954-514-Tiple R1. Though we're getting the same prices, athletes and off the deep plot in the sawgrass, come to 954-514-001. Cutting carbs cafes also got a sermon of way out of left. So we sell us carbodila. As well as some fat free low carb ice cream. Is that carbodias? I said it's a do-it. Just that on this number and soon you'll be eating delicious pizza in a fresh water and stop eating guilty for a change. Don't delay call them now at 954-514-0. Oh, oh, one. That's 954-514. Oh, oh, oh, oh. One in Tom at Orbney or Sinchabaz. And low calls. This is a sports-reel spicy. You may have. Have you come to play? I don't know. I've got a whip. Oh, oh, oh. No, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. No, oh, oh, oh. Don't lie. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. If we, time I see. Just hope, hope, hope, hope. And if we can't win. hmmg so Portしま TV ...and how the kids can't pass away And I'll take a dash next to you I don't know why But everyone is never noticed வteri Somebody that more used With President sum加入 who 이게 Oh, what I did to the moment I was born And yet we were born There you are, there's no moment It's rumored to be Oh, there's no moment But this world can bridge it Come on, go, easy there Love where they'll be Here's President Trump's Yeah, don't care what it is You got him in my hook or throw With Christian right No one has to do with that But help, don't fear We've got to break me, or hear With President Trump's Yeah, don't fear Oh, what it is Oh, what it is Oh, what it is Bye bye, bye Oh, what it is Oh, I'm five seconds away My own word, I'll tell you