Thank you. I'm so proud of you. Thank you, I already have never been one of those people you've had since I was right. Thank you. Thank you, I see you. What do you do, Amy? I have you for glory. I'm so proud of you. God, I've been fired up when I hear someone say that. There was a no farmer who had done a wrong things. He said in the middle just seeking his fist that some boys who were down by the brick. There being no water, there is on their marbles and play things and at half past four. There came a young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass, he pulled a fur dress and she showed them her ripples and laces and white drop deep dunks. She said she was learning the new way to bring up her children so they would not spin. All the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you simply. From yesterday's spot, while the girl in the middle was robbing her eyes at the fellow. Down by the duck, in the black of man with a size of bullhole in the country with a big face out front. If he asked her, phone like, she'd show him her little pet doll who was subject to fist. And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with the movement so quick. And then she'd bend over and suck on his candy so tasty, made of butter, soft. And then he's threatened with cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf. If they missed it, there'd be you can go to yourself. Oh, two advice, six evening. Or is how much mole was out sick? Oh yeah. What is that all about? I'm not sure. Last day I missed sick a year ago, February almost a year and a half ago. Nothing on pant myself on the back where you stand that boy. And by the way, for all you medical experts out there don't know your answer from Zack's elbow. I hate to break the news to you, but my boy that I've lanced myself in my own little self-operation is healing magnificently. There's this little scabbler there and it's beautiful. No more that the jumbled juice on my back is great. That's great. Yeah, do you have a boil? Oh yes. Really? Yeah. Maybe it's like fat people get boils. It's possible. Because when you build up all of that enormous amount of fat all around your body, it's just kind of like, fuck, fuck, you know. It's got to find other ways to come out. Exactly. And we got a great news today. We're going to have a momentous occasion. Josh Cortis is getting registered to vote today. Oh, we got some fruit cake. A sum of listed coming in. What do these things with the organization? I have no clue who he's away with. He comes to people to register then. Yeah. That's a deal. I hear he marched in a parade on Sunday. Come on now. No, not the election signing up parade. Not the one you've set the point here to think about. Well, you are really nervous. Oh, it's thinking of that. Too bad George isn't here today. Because I'm watching the news this morning. Here's a guy. A guy. A young guy. That's some daughter-in-all fart like me. A young guy. Look, this rate is narrow to me. Although you're never going to be too sure. But anyway, he was playing the slots. And here is in Vegas. Wheel of Fortune. One point. One point eight million. Oh, here was a big winner. One point eight million dollars. Playing the slots. Wheel of Fortune in Vegas. So I guess that's only for pansies. Well, if you listen to George's job, you're just going to straight down the tubes. Just look at that marriage. Look at that unwanted child. Look at all these problems. But anyway, I'm just a little high. Huh? Isn't he so high? Ha ha ha ha ha. I'm right. That's why I can start a poisonous wife's cool-a-aid. Because he's so happy. But anyway, I said, I'll be sorry for another day. Bad news, Delhi rock. I guess that real secret kind of like, the fact that people at the nervous were pissed off and fired up themselves because they wouldn't even let them in there. The yesterday to photograph the hand over. And they didn't give many advance notice. They were just filming it the month because they had all the big haxos in there. But you'll be pleased to know that Paul is on and see him last night. Had a big celebration over there. They were cheerleading and they had everything. But the pompoms. And now it's operation. What is it? Iraq the next chapter. Some kind of crap like that. They'll wake him up with some name for it. Chapter two. Chapter eleven. Three Marines killed in Baghdad last this morning. The world was detonated to the roadside bomb as US convoy passed in Baghdad. Today, killing three Marines wounding two others. It was the first reported fatal attack. And US forces in a maximum to formal head over a sovereignty to an inter-American government on Monday. So did take too long. A little bit of good news, although not for Americans because we quite frankly know care about the Turks all that much. Do we know you care about the Turks? I don't really know any Turks when you come out down real good. But anyway, the three Turkish hostages, they were free. Do you mark him? No. We don't know yet. And look into good. And I do want to say this for the Immaculate More Bashes out there before getting anything else. There is a, on MichaelMord.com which I emailed a terror. And I'm sure I'll have it on our website in no time at all just in a matter of moments. Too long you're even a year by far. I don't want to do all of that reading because in the two of you guys are getting all bed out of shape and probably just get them walk out. Yeah. But yeah. But it's nine pages long but it's a rebuttal to all these headlines says Michael Isickoff and Newsweek magazine. D.C. the public about Furnight 911. So if anybody says that there are lies in there or inaccuracies, this point five point goes down and gives you all the MS tells you exactly what it is. And also the bunk sir, the crap that Michael Isickoff wrote a newsweek. I didn't even write. Okay, Paul results on yesterday before we do our behind-the-be decurting with the Nama Kendra. Twenty 285 votes. Now that's pretty impressive. He asked me. You worried about a thousand. No, well I was doing a show. This is no start of playing expropriate. You're an outsider. We appreciate having it as week by request but you know don't get the two period away. Okay. Because you work with Robert Greeper every day so we don't really trust you all that much. Okay. I got you. Robert suffers from mental illness but that's another story. Well you already know that. Yes I do. What's your take on Michael Moore is Fahrenheit movie movie and a Fahrenheit whatever it is 11. Twenty 285 haven't seen it yet but we'll see it 1239. A bit of his lines are all around a block right now. All the losers. Yeah all those losers waiting online 1239 losers. So it was sensational 667. We'll absolutely not watch it two nineteen. It's nine and a half percent. I thought about that. Now picking up myself. Well that doesn't necessarily mean that they don't like Michael Moore that they were published for Bush. Maybe it's just not the kind of movie. Maybe they want to go see white chicks. Right? You may go on a go see Spider-Man too. That comes out soon. Or Scooby-Dude part eight something like that. Maybe that's more up there alley. But it really rate a 9.6 percent will not watch it period. Don't confuse us with a truth. Or small bomb explains an anti-platedness done. But that's big news. A saw that it sucked 87. I'm really dubious about that one and saw that it was good 74. So about 10 percent said they saw of the people who saw it said it sucked 90 percent which is right in line with what the national average was. Said it was either excellent or very good. What the hell is this? Oh. Taxes already. Rating is coming out at 1130 and I'm not going to bore you with the usual way we do but I'm changing that because it's bad radio. It is horrendous radio. Or could this, uh, sex is backed me back by pull. That's good. I feel you want to see it again. Here's a fact from Jason and Miami Lights. This is our love your show. So the movie yesterday was amazing. It was the light in the darkness and Jason you are. That's so amazing. And the end everyone's practice is there was going to be an encore. Yeah, that's what we did here in Toronto. It was a sitting ovation was great. The funniest thing in that movie was when Moore was talking about the fear they were putting in the hearts of Americans like the company made the terrorist cage which looked like a party. Oh yeah, that was special. It looked like a port of party. Maybe you can't get you. You can just sit in there and feel completely safer. It was like a throwback to the days and the 50s during the cold war. When you used to have all of those P.N. those public service announcements about what to do in case they dropped a bomb and just duck and cover and show the kids how they are duck under the desk. It's classroom. It's stupid things like that. Stop your outfit roll. I'm going to make a video on the menu created the 30 second parachute which took 30 minutes to put on. And it was cute. Says let's boot the boy's suggestion in my me like. Okay, Nell McAunders. She's behind a beat of curtain today. Born November 6, 1973 which makes her. About 30 minutes. Right. You know her? I know her now. You don't know Nell McAunders? No, I don't. Born in Lee, England, UK reported figure of 35 D.26 35 minutes or bus to you that her animated fictional Lara Croft alter ego. Anyway, she was in Tomb Raider 3 adventures of Lara Croft Tomb Raider 2. Dills wedding. Important to being famous. These are, that was T.B. made for TV. A lot of made for TV crap. I'm a celebrity to get me out of here. It's a knockout TV series. You don't know who this is? I have not seen any of that. Well, she's right there for everyone to see. John Ashcroft you notice is like Winston because both movies are visible today as opposed to yesterday. Both movies are visible to make it eye. I just mentioned that in passing on McAunders. We're taking quick peek if you're older now. Now the pull I'm taking today is motivated by the latest pulls on the election. And those people out there would say, see I was thinking about this while I'm sitting on the throne this morning. I just fell into a bucket of crap. You know why? It was up. Because there are a lot of those people like to stern people. Like to stern people. Like into the Howard Stern people are really pissed off. And he must have a stern. They don't want to hear you where we know these articles and talking about politics. They don't care about that stuff. By the way, Howard ain't going anywhere. That's on radio and records today. He made all the threats that the as soon as Schmendrick there left Mel Carmez and left. He was going to bail out. He ain't going anywhere. See, one thing about Howard Stern. Let me just tell you this. He's all about Howard Stern. It's all about himself. Not about the industry. Not about freedom of speech. Not about anything else other than himself. He go. And a lot of money. At any rate. I just mentioned that in passing. What's that we're talking about? Got me. See, you're not paying any attention. I was listening to the Howard Stern stuff. Is he eating again? No, yeah. Yeah. You will be. And the good news is see, I'm going to save your life today. And the reason being that you don't have to worry about any food coming in to keep you there till 230 because this, uh, Queen of this guy is coming in sometime during the show to sign a jaw shot. I'm excited. Yeah. I'll sign up off to get a murderster to vote. Anybody out there? Well, so anyway, my point being that I started before I'd rubbed myself with the steering stuff was about. I fell in a bucket of crap because by talking about all these things in the setting, it wasn't election year. I might make a difference in a few votes. I'm not turning in. I'm trying to make a little bit of a difference as opposed to just being a goofball on the year. And here we are. We can't play the far sounds. We can't play the fact that we played in the beginning farmers got it as about as close to the edge as you'll ever hear again on the radio, at least in our lifetime. So we can't play most of the really creative, uh, racist stuff anymore anyhow. So those people we got up and for you. Sorry. Bye-bye. See ya. Good luck to you. Okay. Got no bull dikes, no bull bees. We got a couple of bull bees on our website. There we got many bull bees working in the station. But that's it. We got nothing for those guys. So I guess it was kind of a for two of this thing that I felt back in doing this like, uh, you know, let's say the world again a little bit. Do you understand? That was nice of you. Although it does have nothing to do with sports. I heard I was in here yesterday, which I almost never do. And again, just that little vibe like a mine. Open up the pot and there was the mad dog. Give him a line up and he made some comment about it. They always refers to me as the gorilla in a very complimentary way. Of course my good friend the mad dog. But, uh, so well, you know, he must have a west spot in his pants after seeing that movie for And I see he's not going to go see it. And he says, well, you know, neo politically, he said, I'll knock down to the right, which I guess is why he gave that money. The campaign donations to Bob Graham. Or maybe because he got a business in my middle. You think that's called covering your ass, just in case Graham got in? Sure. That must be it. So it's called like, and the good news is we won't have Curtis not that shot of Curtis, but we won't have Joe's a get here Curtis. Mad dog decided to work today. How do you like that? Little trees going to pick his days off a little more. A little more carefully from now on. And if the ratings which come out 1130, they're bad in a morning, I can guarantee a mobile. His illness will extend another day. Have you ever noticed that? Almost every time a trend or the book comes out. And Mo has the morning numbers are bad. Mo is ill the next day. I am right. I am right. I am right. Feel better, sweetheart. Okay. The eldest is it to come into our morning. He'll rub it and make it feel better. 10 13 at 5 60 WQM if you're on the Ankins diet. This South Beach Sugar Busters are any low carb sugar for your diet. The lights are West Boca. Once you know that they've helped thousands of low carb divers just like you would achieve their weight loss goals. Today shopping for the right low carb products has become like a nightmare because everybody in their brother claims they have low carb this and low carb that's at most of the so called low carb products on grocery stores shelves won't help you lose weight because they're full of carbs and full of garbage. So don't sabotage your weight loss goals come into the lights of West Boca where did we know this stuff? They'll help you stay on the right track with hundreds of the best tasting low carb products and you can try anything of the store before you shell out and you can't even buy it. They got a knowledgeable staff and those low carb baddings inside and do it through every day until 10. By the way, the liberal party, one of my minority government, I yesterday heard Canada, Paul Martin pretty weak. Don't forget to have a talk about it. The guaranteed lowest price policy on all actin's, carbolite and pure delight products too. And the lights of West Boca will not be under solely their delightes on the Northeast corner of blazing 441. Next to Boston Market, you can call them toll free at 1-877 low carb L-O-W-C-A-R-B or on a web it's low carb.com. Also of course with A-W-A. That's the advice of West Boca, your official actin's retail center. By the local, these 60s, five 60s, the way you know you're so cool! How do you win? They're married, Catherine. You! Well, I must be dead, and I don't know what's in life as well. Well, I'm just going to have them sooner or later. I'll have them to this life. I'm going to think of things so much for me. Can I do it up a day? Wait, where you stay? Yeah, but me, pal. I think I can get inside the door. Which you can. So you're going to let me in a while. You'll be allowed to switch you in there. No, you've got to get burnt. I'll be the interest by yourself. I'm just allowed. I mean, just like that other guy in. I don't like you. Well, look, I'm heading with the workshop now. I mean, I tell you what to do now. But what you're with me? Well, let me see what I can do. The door, the door, the door. Yeah, I don't care. What do you say? Time on, still it. We'd like you to go away far away. Like, wait. Back to New York. Oh, that's a hell of a town. When it goes up in the past, go down. Yeah. Yeah, and some of your former associates are anxious to see you again. Okay, that's a way to find out. I forgot about it. Oh, look, I see. Yeah, I don't want to get up. Come back for a while. Wait a minute. We can put it. We got the arrow. Oh, oh, oh, oh. We don't. Don't. 10, 19 is 5, 60. That's why he's out ill into the am. Maybe some of his old friends from New York caught up with him. It's possible. I think it's a ratings. Every time we're out ratings, time against reading your Ronic in this side, I got it. Now, couldn't have to do it. In fact, that Greg keeps planning those very jackass stories about how we're going to put steering on in the morning or we're going to do this or we're going to do that. And I would hate some old life boys. Not going to have anything to do with you. Think. Or the fact that he's back together. Maybe just one day, work with the LDS today morning. Maybe that's what I'll put him over the edge. Yeah, that was an interesting. I was wondering how is all going to come together this week. Yeah. And what's your aim? Well, is that you said it was like peanut butter and jelly that we just, I say, never missed a beat. Yeah. Really? And he's off today. Yeah. I think one day the time is all going to end. He's going to be on sick a lot until I get rid of a jelly. You know what I'm saying? The fact that's my choice. If Greg Reid were to call me a tour-cloth this afternoon and say, okay, we decided that we could, we're like, how the hell are we making cutbacks? Oh, yeah. And we have these budgetary deficits now. Things are going to be really out of control. And it's the dark days. We decided we have to make one day. Back there on a staff and at morning between five and ten in the AM. Who should we get rid of? Who should we dump? Certainly wouldn't be Joe Rose. No question about that. We loved the little dog. And it certainly wouldn't be my good friend, low. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. You're out. Get lost. Somebody passes me the Joe. Oh, passes me this from Kevin Phillips American dynasty. I don't want to read the joke. But you're right. You got the books in the middle of the room. I'll get around with. Somebody passes me a pole from HBO, which leads right into our pool today. Look at this. Now, doesn't that, is, is black something out here, which always bothers me, or is that part of the, uh, can you see? There's just a bad copy. No, no, it's in no. It's just part of the logo. Okay, for me to be. Who were you vote for in November? I have no idea how many votes there were. See, I'm not, I never that impressed about a fool where the Joe show any votes. Like on, uh, Paul little old Ron or stuff like that, when they take a pool, there's about how many votes. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. There will ask how much, though, who are you vote for in November? 6% bush, 84% curie, other 5% underside of 5%. Well, that's wonderful. So, only the people who watch HBO, we got it left. We got rid of bush. But with all of the crapped, that's going on. The Michael Moore will be is out. Iraq has been going very, very badly. We're getting people with their heads chopped off. People are dying every day to give them the quick, uh, shuffle yesterday very quietly. So you mean I want to even grab it. They're saying the troops are going to have to be there at least in other couple of years, and who knows maybe years after that. All of them in the economy, in spite of all these right numbers, they keep playing up. The fact is, there are still enormous minions if people ought to work. But in spite of that, despite concerns about his handling of Iraq and an overall approval rating of 42%, which is his lowest ever I should put out, 42%. 40% of Americans say they don't have an opinion about Senator John Kerry, the elected Democratic presidential nominee. Despite what both parties are always the most expensive TV advertising campaigns. He spent millions and millions in May. You see, are those spots? Some week. Very week. Almost as week as his hairdo. So anyway, here's the latest poll. CBS News. New York Times poll. Kerry 45%, bush 44%, it's a sharp turnaround for the bush campaign in May. Kerry it opened up an 8.0 lead. Are you ready for that? Yeah. 45 for Kerry 44 from bush, which is a statistical dead heat. And in his goes on, it's on our website. It's way too long. It's got all the air, everything under the sun, the issues of war and Iraq, the economy, health care, education, who's got the best hairdo, who's got the best scared deer in the headlights, look at the aircraft, who reads my pet code best, stuff like that. I think it's my pet code against an old goat. I hate to say that. Isn't that bad? Oh, yeah. But it's a truth. That's why I perceive it. Post-beacon of Fools, CNN Online, took this poll. Now that we got the three Marines that didn't back that this morning, they asked you to do a Iraqi government will be able to solve their security problems. They have 115,000 foreign to late-teen votes so far. Yes, 24%, no. No, 76%. So people aren't sold to big on that, I guess. No, no. These are poll today. How can George W. Bush be tied with John Kerry and latest polls? See, I must be stupid. I must be, I realize there are a lot of dumb people out there, but I must be dimmer to them. Because for the life of me, I just can't, I don't get it. I'm not understanding it. There is nothing. There's about, oh, I don't know, I guess it's 45% for 44%. No matter what you say, no matter what happens, he could come to their house and take a gigantic dire re-awaitant or litany room there and it would make any difference to these people. You don't understand? How is that possible? I'm not sure. How can there be so many idiotic stupid people across more to them in these so-called red state? Red, red, red, red neck. Is that what the red stands for? Red neck, states. I can only guess. So here's the poll. How can George W. Bush be tied with John Kerry and latest polls? I got five choices on here. America loves Bush. Kerry's campaign sucks. Nobody knows Kerry yet. Americans are morons or the media is in Bush's pocket. You're choice. And let me say it again. If you think that they're in an actress season, they might call it more mobile. We go to our website and take a look at that. I'm sure Eric will have it on there just momentarily. When you think, in fact, maybe it's all ready on there. Don't have fast team moves at times. First of all, when there's food around. Oh, he's swift. Yeah, you're a bit of a month-to-talk. Hey, I'm not. You're right. I'm just going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. Yeah, you're a bit of a month-to-talk. Hey, I'm not. You're right. Okay, let me just take a peek. See if this thing will pop up here and see if he's got that on there yet. Oh, we should probably have already put in the little box drive. Okay, let's take a look. Is it up? Yeah, it's up. There it is right there. Right on top. Lead story. Right on the words says, use our cards. Michael is a cop and newsweek magazine. The seed of the pup. I'm going to tell you that. All the questions about points. All the things that have been challenged in the movie. So those people will say, oh, I'm not going to go see it. It's just a bunch of lies. Damn well researched. If he acts me, okay? Speaking of top radio. Wait, tell me here. This. Top radio comes to Baghdad. Officer McNeas is a venue for a venting. What do you love to hear that? That'll be interesting. I wonder if they can say fart sounds. What else can they say? This is something we don't know. They can say fart sounds. Probably. They probably don't have any restrictions over there. They probably had that. It's a good point. They probably have fear of rain to do stuff on here than we do. Yeah. Because in Baghdad, at least yet they don't have the FCC. They don't have much of right wing lunatics. No, yeah. The calls come in a floor. A race by residents of Baghdad and the surrounding are used to dial on a radio. Did you realize two called in lines? They got two lines, man. Hello. Hello. Yes. What are you going to tell me? Should there be a curfew on the day of the handover? As the racetrack is a room, government assumed sovereignty Monday. Two days of ahead of schedule. A country remained plagued by black out security was, overflowing sores, a lack of free and drinking water, unemployment and doubts about whether it's headed toward democracy. I'm going to let you see what a rackies do have as the regions first independent Uncensored talk radio station where they can even play fart sounds I believe. After 35 years of Saddam Hussein's dictatorial rule were voicing the wrong opinion to a beating of even execution, a rackies are loving it. Radio did you know how high this is Marwai? Yes, it's a good idea. This is one color from Baghdad. We should celebrate democracy, but we've got to take care It's not just worth having people make kill that a bombing just to pretend to celebrate a celebration stay home. Thank you, say Salim, this color This is top radio Baghdad style where the survey question of the day mirrors the shifting priorities of Iraqis Whether there worries that foreign insurgents will try to neary all the handover or a vision and insight of the long gas lines in the country with all of that oil Let's hit on all these things. Johnny liked that they got three speech in Iraq They play part sounds. They're probably even playing the so fucking bit that we can't play anymore You bet I guarantee if we send it to them. They play it. Oh, yeah, absolutely So maybe we'll type some of that in 27 past ten at five sixty QA. Let's tell you right now speaking of schmots if your carpets are in bad shape Don't go right into the supermarket and slumping on a bunch of heavy equipment try to be a carpet clean of yourself All you've been doing is make a mess and be depressed Don't open the yellow pages and trust your expensive carpets to some Accumor to out there do the smart thing like I've been doing in homes for over 20 years now and everybody in South Florida with a brain is Vendun since 1979 call the experts at dry concepts They've got certified technicians who read you know their stuff inside and up and they'll dry clean your carpet Same ideas right then you're clothing nobody in the University saw these folks who would have some exclusive pet in the method and These are carpets looking just like brand new smelling memory fresh to run a couple of hours Who really can claim today and entertain tonight be where those five ninety five per room scam artist All I do is rip you off. No worries about that with dry concepts because they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start to let fantastic job on your carpeting your area Rugs your original bugs your furniture your post your all these things So pick up that phone a column right now when you do call dry concepts Neufuch understand by list which will save the next or 15 percent after already on beatable low price and great deal column toll free from anywhere in South Florida 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-507 water check them on the web a dry concepts calm I mean It's the OS waste is coming is now in litigation TBS super-syllic in this power to bring you and the city Wait, isn't that show called tax and the city no and this city What happened to the staff it's all been edited so we could show it on basic cable You won't want them to have single second up every hilarious five minute episode out and the city But even that show about our mom not after all the objectionable material hit the cutting real floor Ah and speaking of the floor you'll be rolling in laughter on yours when you watch the annex up and the city is free gorgeous Beans dad I thought it had four well unfortunately none of some anthocies give me salvage But don't press and the city on TBS will still be serving up plenty of waste episodes about shoes and shoes And shoes will really at least find out how big Mr. Biggs be are To the end through TBS the new home of And the city it's not HBO It's TV 33 on your kid there playing far-sounds on here on Baghdad talk radio wonder if it's it doesn't have like call ofers The things are they she got a call at her just the Maybe a spot on the dial. Is it saying here? I'm looking They're getting nearly 18,000 calls a day on their two phone lines is that incredible or what you know I think we got a little good 18,000 calls a month They got that in one day 18,000 calls a day on its two lines It hates to be answering phones in that station. No, you hate to be answering phones on this show is what you need to be doing That's why we don't do it But of course by not answering phones on a show you and Josh get to miss out on the good stuff like The Raspberry guy and of course chop-ba and sell that But every now and then we put one of those on here just to make you feel you're left out pretty shit How do you like that and it records this guy? Who's on the ear here who used to be at radio Shabbab or you three-dio and all the other crap? This is amazing. They got a radio station with freedom of speech So we were exporting democracy to a racks supposedly while we're losing democracy And it's kind of that in any any kind of thing you know, I mean Too better for them and still no that's right It's like the balance of the world we have to lose a lot of rights and so we're gonna try to give them a whole bunch of even if they don't want What do we got so far 102 votes? How can George W. Bush be tied with John Kerry in the latest polls It's like a flat foot in time carries like a sliver a little curly head here I had Americans are more on 46 said that the media's in Bush's pocket 24 carries campaign sucks Plenty America loves Bush seven and nobody knows carry at five That's what we got so far 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon world was mine We got that trend coming out. This is March April May Waiting for that. I'm excited 11 30 those numbers are gonna be on like I said I'm not gonna let it all come in and then I'll try to put it together as opposed to this Sridic hysteric because they never send it to me in the right order anyway I know they send it whatever order comes down, but it just I mean like 12 plus does anybody care about 12 plus Which includes everybody over the age of 100 like a radio mumbee and all those old fart stations? No, we don't care about that But send them anyway, definitely give us some to talk about See, I'm thinking to myself and I I know this is true And this is one of the reasons that more and I are bonding so much lately Absolutely because I know that he's listening to this show right now even as sick as a dog he's probably home like with a wild diary and keeping his gut set Probably has to like be dry cleaning his piece. I'm listening no question about it But I'm sure that most of the other people who are on a year and work at this radio station They're listening to like 9 40 or maybe even listen to that new FLL LL And tank it up station whatever it is. What's that guys name? Do you know who I should yeah, one of the guys around the shows? No, no, go what's together put their thing on here that they're losing it used to be on Fox sports You bought the time on whatever it's seen over What is it called? That's it carbon and it's positive that's a one cross-fog to hear it So the people because it has nothing to do with sports Which is one of the things that's so depressing to me is that no matter it's like 9 11 I think that 9 11 is gross test gives it wasn't every possible way was also a microcosm of what's wrong with this radio station And what's wrong with the sports nerds it makes no difference what else is going on in the world or in a country or And he didn't downtown my amyter could be some kind of horrendous thing happening heaven forbid as they say But if it doesn't have to do with ball games and who to help cares about it if it doesn't have to do with sports That we just don't care Which is why for an hour after the actual world trade centers where hit photos to commercial objects We were still talking about sports and Galdi was wine and what am I know what can we tell no matter what can we say Just once I would love to turn on the open coming here open up the plant listen one of the shows and here one of the what are my colleagues is they say Make some comment about for a night and love and other than the fact I got a stain in my pants from scene I got a stain at a bottom of my pants from see it. Okay, I'm the wrong end mad dog He could have go see it You're one and a why Because there's no ball games in it We can give me three tickets to the mariles if you go see it. He's still I'm gonna go see him I'm holding out some hope for Hank okay, because Hank has other interest in just ball games If you hit my drift five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a AT and T and Verizon line In fact maybe more went to see it the other man made a six to a stomach. He was so distraught from me I think that's a possibility I could definitely do it WQ and hello WQ and hello Hi, is this Neil? Yes, sir. Oh, hi, I saw the movie last night in coconut grove late And it was packed and there was huge line and it was so good a lot of young people which was very Refried that's what I'm hearing everywhere. That's the good news. You know coconut grove and This you were talking about this mega panteye yesterday Yeah, if he's three these he was in charge of the negotiations and South Vietnam with the North Vietnamese around 1975 Can of course The difference between these two so everyone was odd to stay the US put out in the whole country collapsed What a year later whatever was he was there when that was having he was in charge of it I was just watching a documentary on that yeah, but he did a beautiful tape and I do as if looking the other way I'll tell you that he's gonna be doing the same thing in a ride absolutely and actually I'll if he's still pie the work it has to be high great morons American It actually has to be but it's on other with you don't think the fact that carry is Looks like a dead man in a suit and his room if I tell camp and you don't think that might have a little something to do with it They're certainly does but you could put I mean that's the to me They should be able to put anyone against a push and you should hear she should be able to win But but that's what really emphasizes that much more as poorly as he's doing his popular ratings are dropping But carry's not gaining any now. Yeah, maybe there's a little way of hopefully I haven't had a convention yet Carry has a really been seen all that much yet And he's known as a great closer like he did in the in the primaries You know he was like nowhere and they came along gang buses when a photo started So maybe actually he'll think of breast or two before election day Yeah, we need somebody with a little bit of them and bigger maybe somebody who's alive. That's what we need Instead of a dead man in the suit. He is really just I mean maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I'm coming down to a heart on him. You think no, I don't know what he's waiting for I mean I granted it's only the end of June you got a long way you got four months to go to election of our second part Jesus carry just a you know somebody line a fire under his ass Man, maybe Theresa ought to open up the catcher behind's catcher Bible and squeeze a little on his armpits get something to get him going Man Every time you see me's got that same like Herman Munster look on his face like you know like he's not even human W.A. and hello Hey, I'm looking for our Camille speaking to him How a good morning. I'm Camille. I'm Camille. I'm here to say it about John Perry and you're right. He's just the only man Apollot that's gonna make Michael Ducaciflic. Marshall Hey It's unbelievable. He's like laying down a dying and I'm gonna I you got to wonder if like Republican I'm dying on women If they if they donate it to carry in the primary jump of set of not the loser Yeah, they can't make him talk as if Dean didn't have any chance Maybe they gave us the bait and swish there or something. Maybe that's what happened to us You're I don't I think the only hope for a ticket is John Edwards who's a great master debate or who can it lead State something yeah I don't know just my two sons uncle. They all keep listening. Okay, no sinful me anymore please you're making a fool of yourself 10 41 19 11 to that guy's rocket to sign you up Josh. No You start to sound a little bit tense about it. This guy's it's gonna be great. It'll be painless It'll get your blood draw on man All right come here you were there. Would you are you in round the day that I had my blood drum right there and here And every nice lady came in she stuck that needle in my arm and just Huh, I don't like giving but it's It's not for me. Are you another one of these pansies? I'm not a pan and you're talking about guys who play slot machines in in the casinos Oh, and you know what you reminds me I got to find the answer this quicken from somebody who's been to the seminal place They were to see I saw the stupid people out the you've been there. Yeah, but you don't play the slots No, I don't But if you see other people playing slots sure Now that they do they we'll actually spin on the slot machines or not Yeah Okay, so what the what they were complaining about was oh, they're not real slot machines Instead of money coming out the little little stuff a paper comes up These had got to be the dumbest people if it's the same as what it is here with the new Niagara Falls Falls view casino That's the way that a future baby. That's the new deal soon. I have to get your hands off of that black crap And keep washing your hands in me five minutes and play when all those coins and everything a split comes out It's got a barcode on it. I described this the other day If that's what they're doing at seminal then those are real slot machines. Yeah, that's what they're doing Is it yeah, and it's got an amount out of like a people in 150 buses is 150 it's got a barcode You can stick it another machine and play that machine Absolutely set of foot in cash Well, that's great. That's modernistic and future is I'm coming out be there in a half an hour. How do you like that? Oh, okay, we can't wait. I'm getting on the concord. I'm jetten right on down People talk such crap Man, though ever believe anything people say on these talk shows folks So if I rather hear a radio irwack they got a better chance 1043 and plus they can fart on the ear Is there a company suffering from regulations that are please labor costs no doubt oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business payroll administration fortune 500 company employed benefits human resources and risk management or just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing covered help your business be more profitable Call oasis outsourcing day for a few by the way. She did one eight six six at oasis That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven But more than sixty thousand employees worldwide oasis outsourcing understands many fancy human resource management Outstressings being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice Which lets you focus on your core business via you leave the operational details to the folks that oasis outsourcing So let oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable if you like a free no obligation Commitual for number call one eight six six at oasis that's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven four oasis outsourcing These summer and if you're looking for a summer job What about becoming an insurgent insurgents make a great amount of money and you only meet though work weekend If you like any experience with C4 and RPGs is a plus But we will train you and don't forget insurgents get all the G had it as that you said 16 rocket launcher in your pocket or You to pledge a So a great Americans juice and type it in colors in sagent is a line of work for you become an insurgent this summer and earn the big bucks We're taking applications now so hurry down and sign up Such it's where there is always a note of him That 47 at five sixty wcum now this might be a little close to my mole was it on this morning That's a loop is thanks here about Howard Stern Could be says weblister here from the northeast how it's certainly holding a press conference tomorrow during which he may be announcing his reentry in the south Florida Could be right here on Q a and could be by by the mullin Yolty anyway whatever it is he says it'll be great news for bush Michael Powell FCC measures You do proud to hear Stern show now. He's finally easy his national reach what's what's left of it To rally behind pro choice and stem side and I'm not just putting it in myself That's what it says here was left of it. I mean all he lost he didn't lose Miami, but the other markets Rochester Pittsburgh San Diego Louisville and Orlando, okay And that's hardly like you know when you're on an LA in New York in Chicago when he tried and Boston and Philadelphia I mean, you know what's the big deal? Anyway, he's using his national Reach to rally behind pro choice and stem cell research pro carry Michael more, etc Have you seen his website lately no a filled with all great bedtime stories square America's during his international office Well, that's the case. No power to him. I don't hear him because they gained on hearing more and he sure tells us not there anymore But if that's the case We'll see Think he's coming back on the air in South Florida. I think you might Where and where would that be that I can answer for you? My good yeah make a guess When I guess is gonna be on the radio somewhere down here Oh, make a guess give me a station give me a frequency give me a number give me a something I don't know you won't go back to where he was. I don't know maybe The Courts Channel owns all radio stations you only companies that own radio stations in South Florida for the most part is clear channel Cox which you're gonna put him on and us And Jefferson pilot's got a couple of losers there like life I think he's been good there. Yeah, he'd be great on life without the carpenter's music. We perfect anybody time across things There's saw Turinite nine level last night in North Broward standing room only all shows Notice about 20% of the audience were our dark conflict in France that's good They need to see it to be motivated so they go on and get pissed off and fired up and vote four or five times It says wake up America our CI protecting Saudi embassy one a bunch of busher crap. I can't say the rest of it Okay, that was pretty interesting to about the Saudi embassy and how the Secret service came over to find out what Michael morning photography we're doing there. There were just just filming a little segment across the street from it He said you were nearly protect for an embassy's well, no, but yeah, we were told to come and see what you're doing and have a nice day And the general message to bring that as well is the Saudis generally opinion the answer I can't come I think Michael more says I'll take that as he is Gary says is it me or do you get to feeling bush could be Oh, that's bad Bush could be head carry on a six o'clock news is still being a virtual tire or neck and neck is that a plan words? It's extremely frustrating Sorry for giving you chronic spines effects as during as okay, Gary at least you're pissed off and fired up Do you want to do QM in a Marlins at seven tonight at the Fort Lauderdale? Al-House on federal highway. We just found the open park full of art stopped by for prizes from fully to Marlin in the Mermaid It's a Marlins launch party at seven o'clock tonight at the Fort Lauderdale Al-House 567.0.560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line on a pool we got How can George W. Bush be tied with John Kerry and the latest poll it just came out last night Americans are more on 89 of you said that carries campaign sucks 50 that's what I voted out of 222 two two two There he is, who put their minds and their bodies. He's alive into the crucible of hatred So that we would all See a better day The civil rights act was rooted we started by education now. That's timely Kerry's campaign sucks 52 The media's in Bush's pocket 50 are created equal America loves Bush 21 and nobody knows Kerry at 14 which maybe not all bad 230 one votes. Yeah, so far he's been pretty disappointing and kind of like he is there right now on speeches wouldn't you know, I mean wouldn't Can't find him anywhere. I'm sure remember John wouldn't the Wizard of Whatever in a Westwood. Oh, yeah, you see a life Let's see Joe says I sent a fact yesterday about the South Beach Regal 18 I forgot to mention we almost had a full riot there Oh, no the film died at the beginning of the 911 attack. There was all there was his audio Now wait a minute all there was his audio in the picture never return well that's a black screen When the United love of the tax of on its all their is a audio People started to get up and ran to the manager harming in the theater We were going nuts Being one of the most important parts of the film they attempted to be wanted. Oh, no Are you fun? This is just a screw up is the thing about the spa machines that the assemblals part of the flick It's part of the movie you jackass people when not oh my god. They got a sheet They try to rewind at least It's a black screen for about 30 seconds and you hear the audio of the people screaming in New York as they Jets hit the twin towers. That's partly movie I have to be this again. Great common that it's trying to calm down only in Southwood and you wonder why we get see I want to say we to avoid it for alcohol. I know I voted right. I think I Know I punched the right hole Retto but my god South Florida could screw up a white tree and they could mess up the puffs underwear look at this We almost had a full ride at the South Beach Regal 18 and the film died at the beginning of the man 11 attacks and all there was this audio and the picture never returned People started to get up and ran to the manager harming in the theater We were going nuts Due to a being one of the most important parts of the film They attempted to be winded but they couldn't so they gave pastigots for another screen Continued from the from the scene of bushing the school with the deer and the headlights look So in other words the movie did play afterwards it was the copy was okay But it just that they all he was trying to rewind it to a picture that wasn't there And all these old yentres and you on it. Oh, we don't see the picture. It's up and wrong over here They were freaking we want our money back. We want to refund we wanted free early birthday We want to go to movies if it ever opens again Oh my god, how's said how pathetic how tragic? This is one of our great again if it isn't alien if it isn't voter gay if it isn't you name it if it isn't the most of the Lunatics from 9 11 most of our high gackers are hanging out in South Florida now it's this It's Fahrenheit gate 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound can you actually believe that? When I read it I had a time to see I could not believe the thing it freaked out So that's 36 it's a blank screen is a black screen which we already knew that was coming because you Groomed about it ahead of time they told you that was a partly part of the whole concept of the movie he didn't show it because we've seen that It even in times already Said I was broke out Is that crazy? Yeah, only in South Florida, man. What a bunch of losers sure. I can't be there. I mean WQM hello Yes, you'll please. Yes, speaking Yes, about this very gate. I mean it's the ocean's not so November can you repeat? Yeah, can you get up a bit of a full year like your wardrobe perhaps and help it set it up Oh, oh, here we go. This is the guy I hadn't turned from this kind of long time This is the responsibility of this side and I use that term loosely is how pathetic my wardrobe This guy wants his date, but he doesn't want unless I dress up for him. Okay, well, you should have been here Sunday when I had a million Queens Minced to wander in the a Pride March. Okay, it'd been very impressed sweetheart Are you gonna be doing any more a person see can't see how I'm gonna be doing a person's cuz I'm not there So now we ought to be talking about my wardrobe That's your response to fairy gate and Michael Lorraine Adiatic very perfect. Okay Probably one of Miss Fudges boyfriends 1056 Psychic energy enough at five 60 How the QAM energy man. It's something he don't know about good God somebody poking in the ribs. Okay, see if he's still alive He is scary and I asked you to measure my 35 years of fighting that Jesse referred to say I shouldn't stop that off When he said I ask you to measure my but I did not have been perfect Never been great. I'm a little dumb off my feet Anyway, hey if you're off your feet because your hair is vanishing if it's going on the adrenal clumps Here's the answer for you. You've got a lot of choices now. I can't believe that I'm our people that are pedally here systems For Charles out here reason some Johnny come lately. He's been around for a long time more than 35 years of hurting and I'm good morning America The today show CBS morning news introducing his natural hairline system the best look in peace in a world I'll keep in mind the most critical area of any her system is that hairline and the fact that this new skin like her since about 100% Unuttenable is what you really care about the most it looks like it's real here We're not your scalp as opposed to like a bunch of straw or of course the old dead must right look And you have nothing lose but that ugly boss about that makes you look so much older because Charlie He was at 30 day guarantee After a month of year all of the way listen feels and smells if you're not getting a 50 looks for everybody all around We turn it for a full refund and Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems Why you wait including shampoo and trim if we can still say that so don't delay call Charlie they look better And younger than he ever dreamed again 1 800 321 2413 that's 1 800 321 2413 or log out of that prestigious website Charles out fury that comes 621 62 A M Comment in sweetYeah I was born Little third en Then I would take And P Easy! I think that determines the way Touching Throwing Throwing TrOrange To Trad C P  Parish Yeah number Back So what do you see? And he's really making way He's a flow He's got the dream To all cast in the boat for our days I'll receive a nice dream But for cinnities of dreams We're all cast in the boat for our dreams We're all cast in the boat for our dreams Fight, brown, yellow, all of them You know, just covers, I'll tell you that It's 11-alonged at 5.60-w if you went 287 boats on a pool How can George W. Bush be time with John Kerry and Davis Pools? How is this possible? Americans are more on 115 people say that Terry's campaign sucks 70 people say that Just say that The media's in Bush's pocket 57 America loves Bush 27 And nobody knows Terry at 18 Well, there he is Yeah, there he is He wants to give you a gift I do it How about a really good year? Maybe a cat-like Maybe a Corvette How about a chicken Every pot in two cars in your garage How's that sound? The American dream Didn't work for Hebert Hoover too much, but nevertheless Some of these got to call me It's something about that Seminal Indian thing Who actually understands what's going on over there I think it was our good mutual friend, Joe Costello He told me, it's kind of boring because the Asphot machines the wheels don't spin And it just sits there like a paper Slip comes up Yeah, the beast called and said everything there is a computer Done, the tickets come out It's just like your plan bingo But basically your plan slots It's all on a screen over there Well, what does that mean? I don't understand Because you can't play against the house You just play against everybody else So it's just your type of an idea on a screen And the ticket comes out when you win You're typing it in on a screen? Yeah What are you talking about? The beast called me that That's what you say You're typing in I'm not typing in a place I'm not doing what I'm typing I'll type in 777 How does that sound? Or am I case I'll type in 666 What does it mean? I don't mean you don't type in I'm not a screen I'm going to do a Howard Biel I just can't believe this This is just unbelievable Let's find out from somebody who knows Because you don't play the slots anyway And you're listening to the beast Holy crap, at least he's listening Anyways, now listen to a 5x94 Or you're a curl, been in his costume WQA and hello Good morning I hear your frustration Listen, your pole to the safety Answer your questions What happens? Regal foul speech with people Not understanding the 30 seconds Why? Oh my god, can you believe that? Yeah Yeah, actually I can South Beach if I can Believe that I'm surprised Everybody left their French pool with a whole lot of people Oh, wow Did your catch time magazine last week with Babba on the cover? Yeah You know, if they think Regans are great communicators Don't you think clinic's fake explaining What should policies better than Bush ever did about No, I think he's a pretty weak I think he's letting him off the hook I'm very disappointed now He's trying, I don't know, I guess maybe Once I saw a lot more books or whatever He's been much too easy on him No, the week while the way I was He would be doing like Gores doing I never thought I would say this Because Gores would sit for a week for an election It kind of reversed rules now Tent was always the ask kicker But now it's Gores that's kicking ass And Clint is like a little mini mile Fending with everybody He's got nothing to do with anything Fending soul like a million books already How do you like that, Miss Fudge So the million books, can you believe that? It's not because we wanted me to work But I guess everybody loves bubble We wish to help him with back 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 So the beast called you and he said you type it in It's like a touch screen, you know Yeah And you know, if you win the thing that comes out, you go catch it in I don't understand that It doesn't make any sense to me This must be like cars, poukers, something like that This is these aren't real slot machines then It's what you're saying The new wave of slot machines No, no, the new wave of slot machines It's just like the old wave of slot machines Only difference being that you don't need to deal with coins For the most part, you do it with paper receipts I'm sure most of the slots that the casino are like the same We said them sure there's some that are just a touch screen Instead of a pull down, you know, for you How do you know that? Just by glancing and I play cars there I haven't played the slots there But you know, look, you've seen This isn't rocket sign, no one did it Running out of the movie theater in South Florida You've seen slot machines, okay? Yes. You're over the age of five You've seen a slot machine Yes And it's got all, you know, the sevens and the bars and the cherries and whatever And when you when you've either pull a old handle Which nobody does anymore or a presto button They spin and they stop any of the winner you lose or whatever Right? Yes Now the machines there, I'm just trying to get a yes or Oh no, do you Do the wheels spin? Yes Well, no, my beast has told Josh is totally bogus I think with beast has tried to tell Josh is the fact that they're all I think beast might fight youth, they're all like the police still and like the old school ones Instead of like the new, you know, okay, let's talk to some people who have some clue What's going on? WQA and hello They kneel at the knees to the moron And we know that The slots over at the if the sevens are real Flopper sheet They don't have that they're video So the wheels don't, you know, you can do the wheels don't spin But it's been like a normal flop of the keyboard Also, I'll give you those who computerized video ones that they still spin all around Exactly Right And you can hit on the count of the panel you can either hit the play button on the count of the panel Or you can touch the screen You can hit it the start If you win, it's for a little script You go and you can catch it in or you go and take it Put it in another machine Right, but those are the brand new ones so they actually have slomissions To the fact that the wheels aren't spinning around Doesn't make them not slom machines That's just a bit, they're a whole bunch of those in Niagara too They're all over the place Exactly And they have to do one such as the wheel of fortune machine Really Yeah, and a whole bunch of the others And Enjoyable time I'm up to $360 But they're near Oh right And you don't sound like one of those to me Have a great day pal All right Sound like one of those mighty co-nies to me Are you in the Josh and Georgia? Are you only fags play this lot of machines? Oh ladies and fags Let me say again Some young guy won 1.8 million at wheel of fortune in Vegas at the progressive slots And here is 1.8 million You take that, what do you miss this smarty pants? And you wouldn't care what anybody called you would you? Yeah, right You call me everything you want Yeah, for 1.8 million Right, exactly By the way, that guy show up here Now I bad you had a job That lifts people up This administration sprites Unpensionably And wrongly Is to try to reduce American stability I'm listening to him I'm listening to him I'm curious about what I'm doing I don't hear like a lot of reaction from the audience I can't speak it in sound Beech probably a lot of people be running the day So it's screaming like, what do I get my free bagels and cream cheese? Wow I shouldn't have thrown that away I should have saved that We should frame that story from Joe Give you the second one I'm going to take a picture No, there's no I must have just heard your life His reply He says, I didn't state my facts good Oh, he must know the bees Oh, they must be joined at the hip After, oh, I see After five minutes it was still a blank screen I see the theater said there was a problem with a projector And try to correct, oh, I feel so much better about life now Take a deep breath I know it was supposed to be a black screen for the attacks But not when Bush was in the school in Sarasota Maybe they were trying to lack a sub-able message Like it was a black day for the world when he sat there We knew my fat goat So in other words, it was a projector And they had one of the problem agrande As what he's trying to say Well, thank you Joe, we feel so much better now We take back whatever we said a little bit But they generally speak and we don't Because it's true So I thought it was an embarrassment Keep thinking of that judge With that eye popping out of the set Looking up at that chair, the hanging chair Remember that? How could we ever forget it? I thought the eyeball was going to like half right out of his socket WQA and hello Oh, who is that? Yes, but that's it WQA and hello And you all go on All right I've been there a couple of times to the semelagrant It's okay But like you said, it's not the real spot where you pull in You can watch and spin There's something about it being a video game And the fixing thing on You don't even know what I hate those That'll like those And I mean There's a couple of good tries And I'm sorry, I'm not going to We'll afford to that is a pretty cool game It's a bingo slash video game Where you can get things You know, we'll force on all the diagonally And it pays off But also on the bingo card that's right above it If you get all four corners That's how you win the progressive Depending on how much money you have in there Is how much part of the other progressives you get If you have the full amount in there That you can bet on the screen Then you will win the whole thing Now I think for the full amount It was somewhere out $53,000 In about four quarters and bingo Yeah, not always while showing up The minimum of like you but I was playing the quarter one The minimum, the minimum bet is nine So the minimum spin is 25 I'm saying to go down and nickel dime That's how it changes There's another difference I've played two dollar machines I'm sorry Those are like playing the two dollar machines Yeah So that's the minimum spin And if it is That's the way it is But you've got to put it in 45 And in order to get the full amount And win that 53,000 You see what I'm saying? Yeah And I've played the other one too I don't know It's just When it isn't a good thing But the isn't a pathetic though With all the trim I mean that places packed everybody It tells me around the clock Isn't it pathetic That we don't have real casino's authority Because we got a jackass Government like Jeff Booth And a bunch of Bible something A little bit of a fix And we've got Mickey orson and his cruise ships And those great robbers in the Bahamas And they want to keep the casinos out How many years have we been desperate for this man? That town we've been having this banana boat Time mentality We're in the summertime Just because it's under Grease outside Everybody builds out It's 115 in Vegas And if the casinos are packed all year round I know you're not a big traitor But I mean when I go gambling I like death and drake And they're charging Full club prices for a tray Like five bucks And if you're in their gambling We can't give a little break You're in the second man You're in the second man You're in the Salani sandwich And a martini for a crown I allowed Okay good luck it pal Little work up there I was playing I was playing also That's why You got a pay-in-armor-lay for everything You said you and we said the tables Usually they watch you to get as much booze as you can But you gotta pay for a full price booze Well there you go We're in the evening Look it's just like the thing We're at cigarettes with all the worms And I'm okay The Indians you gotta get him with the white man Somehow This is one of the ways they're doing it I wouldn't surprise me If they open up a bunch of poor houses pretty soon too I mean they know white man's vice right? Of course And they want to just like the mob They want to give you an opportunity That's what the deco said Twelve minutes We love the Indians Okay, we love our friends It's the seminals Hank thy shows from there all the time There were a lot of times sponsor mine And so I went to that one day And so everybody there was over the age of 100 Now when you were there were you there like at night Yeah, was there Saturday night Where are the young people? It was slam There was young people all people It was you see there you go There's a pack and that proves right there If we had casino's man in San Florida They'd be pack nonstop around the clock If they if they're at graze tracks You just get this slot This is a start this fall man It would be it would be phenomenal But all know because we'd got the Bible thumb For who's still worried about keeping Terry Shival Breathing so we can keep all the white people happy out there It's a Neanderthal Freak in statement You should have seen it See I thought when you open up a new casino The falls you casino Niagara falls if the old one Down the road about five minutes away to casino Niagara I thought they'd be on death store Because the new one is real good See you on modern here the old one is packed They're both packed And people are having a great time They got great restaurants in there What's not to like but anyway I'm getting carried away I'm so relieved though that you'll correct it That fact is about to really thought that the audience was in revolving Spurring a blood and it in South Florida is possible I've been shocked me 1113 and 560 WQW At summertime days are getting longer nights getting shorter Which means it's so important for you to try to get a good night So if you're not sleeping as well as you would like to Do the smart thing like happen to them for years And all the other people are QM would have been catching on to Make that one easy call 1800 mattress do it today because millions of people Have dialed 1 800 mA TTRES To get the best deal all the way around The lowest prices on the best brands inventing It's the easiest possible way to buy a mattress Save yourself a lot of time save money and prove your productivity Brighton your disposition because you get a great night sleeper We don't have to waste a lot of time Something all over time to find a mattress Got a mattress is right number one in customer satisfaction It were winners of the 2004 better business We were local law torture excellence award When you call one a hit or my free ticket the best prices on the best Brands would live re on your schedule and the bus customer service in a business Got a mattress has the complete line of all the top names They got them you like them see to you sir The King Coral Simmons temper Pete experience in foster he would Stewards in Carl Foster from Kendall Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Myers That on my personal liberty you the fun is been going anywhere Just check them out online first if you like a mattress dot com and then make that easy call Don't forget to pick that to our window ones convenient for you and I actually show up Take away the crappy soldal betting instead of your brand to win the work for charge Call them today 1 800 macros 1 800 mA TTRES I'm not in local This is the real price This is the most famous thing you've ever seen Kendall artists give bodies the spirit of summer like Gordon Lightford Are you serious? Absolutely And now Gordon Lightwood takes the melody from the wreck of the Edmund Vist Gerald And turns up the heat on your favorite summer songs on his new album Gordon Lightwood Sweft out summer And the night when they were little bit old But they didn't do it or the very very good Yes, can his own Gordon Lightwood is speeding up the great white North with a Wrenhard version of this One of them is full classic Oh Some of them in the city Remember that get in the end Just wait until you hear Gordon Lightwood's novel approach to summer's most famous novel piece of Kendall Kendall Put your toes in the sand and your fingers in your ears and get ready for Gordon Lightwood's rendition of this hit from the cheneys You don't want to stick this collection where the sun don't shine in your city player It's Gordon Lightwood's Sweft out summer One of the night in by the way Dr. In the movie now I may have been wrong But it seemed to me when he was listening to some of the Saudi interests at the time Warner We're going to see it in that some of the Saudis are on a board of directors of time Warner Also I believe so yeah, yeah, so maybe that's one of the reasons why CNN is in Bush's back pocket although I'm amazed there's stickin with his curry species find what it is as long as they are It's now a 65 million dollar program work If you could have seen It was always kind of like he it was going to give up at that point. Come on. If you must get behind on carry quick knock in him. Okay, we love John Kerry don't we well 300 88 votes on the pool so far He really scares the crap on him. It's just I'm just thinking he's got to look at the look of loser written all over his face How can George's W Bush be possibly tied with John Kerry and latest pools which he is by the way? 280 of you voted so far Americans are more ons 157 More ons like the beast Who says you type in your thing I think you misunderstood we're talking about I think he was talking about touch screen. You know type it in Josh What I said Oh, yeah, right didn't he say type it in sure something like you. Yeah sure sounded like those words to me mr. Hacha Just wait wait to see who I've got coming over there to register to vote. I said this all up for it I'm excited. I can't well I hope the two of you have a wonderful time. I don't know who that guy is Here in the 96 votes Americans are more on 150 carries campaign sucks 101 Let me try something This you would I wish you would maybe The manious and bushes pocket 71 America loves Bush 39. I'm not sure. I know what I meant by that and nobody knows Kerry at 25 nobody knows the trouble we seen 567.0.560 see we just had that thing under add one like pick on the Cruise line boys is that a real spa we had on there or what I'm think so Thing you played with Zoe. Yeah, I'm filling that in it's a trade. No, it's a trade out so I can rip all I want it was for one was was carnival cruise lines one of those things It's Mickeyerson again See this is why there's no casinos and south Florida but all of these interests you got those great robbers in the Bahamas We know about them Who would be out of business in a heartbeat if we had casinos in south Florida you got the Mickeyerson with those cruise lines those cruisers to nowhere Which be out of business in a heartbeat Who we need to hand on short casinos and then of course you got to Bible numbers those are the forces of evil those are the evil doors Who keep us in the Stone Age and I hate to break the news to you, but all that crap about south beach honor all come out of south beach And Madonna's liven air and this was like well guess what the blue was up of that rose Those 15 or 20 blocks whatever it is that's so for what I'm hearing there all hip hop and right out of there now. Oh, yeah, that's the story But when you have casinos it's not one of these kind of here today and gone tomorrow kind of things. It's not kind of like hidden miss and the idea that with all four million people in south Florida You've got a horse and bunny seasonal town Because nobody wants to be there right now and it's 140 degrees in the shady humidity is 182 percent and nobody wants to be there But that place would be packed Pact jam packed all year round if they put one in Miami beach right on the water. It would be slam 24 hours a day right and one before Lauderdale right right where by the Galtocia milder man Be packed 441 it's packed every day people would be pouring in the economy would be booming there'd be jobs thousands of jobs Oh, we don't want to have that may you're just in the generate pervert. No, we got horse racing. We got dog racing. We got higher We got the frickin lottery, which is the biggest rip off of this remaining kind the biggest scan people are losing their lunch money because they're going to play the lottery every week That's okay, but for some reason the news paper isn't certain others personal and freedom decided that those evil one are bandits those any evil doors And maybe they're people like hiding inside those things to think Maybe there's like a little upper-con sitting inside and just when you think you're going to get the three sevens or whatever it is all of a sudden He just grabs that real and just started just to piss you off That must be it Yeah, he stops an other cherry just to give it a little tease. Okay, see it like two bucks back 567.0.560 pound 560 on a AT&T Verizon line WQA and hello Yeah, no more gambling Yeah I don't think that's a good idea at all. Why is that? What do you think sports is pedestrian and both below you but you think gambling is a good one What do I say sports was below me when do I say that? I said I'm boring hearing people talking about it all day Well, I don't think gambling is a good idea at all Why don't I say God that nobody bets on sports I don't agree with that either, but last time I was like if you know I didn't I look around see too many happy people Everyone's gonna be pretty heavy. Have you ever been in Vegas? Not in terms damn well. Okay good. Well don't go there. Okay, just sit there and be miserable Just sound like a real turd for me. You turk God That's not for you baby. It's not in see all these unhappy people I don't think I've ever seen any unhappy people build people in Vegas. You lose your ass You still have a great time. Yeah That's where I see Josh knows he was very lost his ass And he had a wonderful time you can't if you don't have a good time in Vegas. You might as well be John Kerry. Okay, it might as well be a dead man in a suit Good line with inflation. Yeah, see he's just droning on droning on you could go before the camera started like shaking all around I think the camera man knows a snooze off there for a second or two somebody to slap him on the back and make him up again You listen to that whole speech you're falsely two. Yeah, you're a whole speech Too many colleges focus on getting kids to sign up So they can make it Oh man Yeah, we got we all my gambling it sports is beneath you I want to buy a person that I love hockey. I love football. I love the NFL on my Patriots I love sports. I just want to hear people it's like can you imagine the gambling station? Well, we got that with the Eddie kid night, but seriously can you imagine a radio station when they talk about gambling all day 247 Who would listen to that? Oh, that would be interesting. Yeah, that would be very interesting. That's like a baseball card station Just that collecting station the new mismetestation For all you coin collectors out there. I mean come on man Just because you might be interested in something doesn't mean I like that golf network. They actually have a golf network on TV I'm sure you know what kind of a moron. Have you got to be to be watching the golf network? Huh? That's got to be a terrible station. I think what you have like embroidered right on your armpid is I have no line. You got to branded on your forehead. I have no line. The golf station So if you're one of those people that wants to talk sports around 247 Be my guest, but you're not going to do it on the show. In fact, that's for no other reason We're doing a public service. Give you a little bit of a break, okay? Let's be between seeing and say the same thing about how boring it was that the Marlin game was how the three and a half hour reign The ladies and gentlemen, it's your clock at a morning. Well, who gives a flying crap anyway? You're looking at paper the next day you find a score. You tune into our station. We give it a score. That's it. You have to talk about it all day long. Let's talk about the reign. You think they pulled the tarp off the field too. Somebody think huh? Come on. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, just another jacked ass with another excuse of why gambling is bad. So let's close the horse tracks. Let's close the high line. Let's close the dog racing. Let's close down that lottery. Let's stop all these poor disc rattles out there. Shlump it a 7.11 every other day to buy a bunch more lottery tickets. Have you buy lottery tickets? Yep. So do I. Good thing in the Canadian lottery. Hello, the year. I totally this before they give you a lump sum. When like five minutes, you get five million cash. Really? Oh, taxes? Yeah. No taxes. Wow. No annuities. No that game they play in Florida. Oh, we're not going to give you all the whole month. We'll give you a half if you want the cash, but if you want to full amount, we'll give you an annuity. If you live about 100 years, you might catch the money, you know? Typical Florida bulk grab. Dayton, swish. Open up the casino. Bring the tourists. Then we got the sunshine. We got the beach. Love everybody have a good time. I know it's against the constitution of the state of Florida. Send a jack off to Africa somewhere. With his brother. And love us have a good time. And love us. This is so so you might see me. You're going to be the new way. This is a fantastic, this year look in Florida, that's it. We got what you're looking for. Right here at the casket store. We're all going to die. You fly a day. You get to talk about. Somebody don't go out and start. Put your cash in store. Choose from all white select units on your casket. Like the popular up-right matter. The key chapter, the bank world, and headlines, But if any class of grants, when the literature used a daily newspaper, Do it with me. They're usually a printed horizontal hotel. Which means we all want to do. Save more with fog and go off. Only have the casket store. We got what your luck is all right here at the casket store. I'm going out there. I told them the mad dog at two at the Humphrey 4. Look at that. We got the Croix 530. All my God. We're in front of the league. We got the ball game. Marlins are in deck at 7 and the Marlins at the brave 735. Hopefully, you know, we're in the league. It can't be that. We got the waiting. It's coming out soon. Surely. Yep. When you were at the similar level of the brand new hotspot there, We were much unhappy people walking around. Look at everyone. They're very happy to me. They look like a horse convention. Everybody had a long face. Because I don't know where this guy's been. We're having a look for you long happy. You must be in the loser section. Sounds like it. At least he was in a race spot. Anyway, Thomas says gamblers have been part of South Florida since the 20s. The problem was that it was run by the mob like Vegas back then. That's the main reason they don't want casinos in Florida. Because they think it'll bring in undesirable. Like if we don't have those already. So they'd have casinos are run by huge companies and conglomerates. Not the mob. But don't confuse these people with the facts. We have solid gold schools with all the money gambling. And not to mention all the jobs. Absolutely correct, Thomas. That's why we don't have them because Mickey or Cinderella like it. And those great robbers in the Bahamas do like it. And Governor Jeff Steree don't like it. He's busy trying to keep dead people alive. Chances are rather than keeping with the CPA's record of efficiency. The transfer of the prisoner's son was saying we'll take place. And the basement of the Dallas Police Department. Access will be a restricting to accredited members of the press and Kurdish nightclub owners. That is outstanding. And he must have been psyched Sean because my very next story here on the pile. Son of a transfer tomorrow. How do you like that? Oh my God. Your wife's prime minister E.I. and I'll always say today that Sodom was sent to be transferred to a wrecky legal custody and face charges before an Iraqi court this week. But or may of course in a US run jail for now because his government does not have a suitable prison. All they got is. Abu Garra. While we promised an open proceeding when Sodom faces war crimes charges including genocide. 11 other high-value detainees also expected the face to a specific total of the voters during his first news conference since the US led coalition handed over sovereignty to a government yesterday day. Son of a transfer to a wrecky legal custody tomorrow and then face a ring if you were for an Iraqi judge on Thursday and then Leigh Harvey Oswald and what's his name, Jack Rubie. Are going to meet with them. They're going to have a meet. So I've been interested in meeting. Yeah, I should be. 56050505050 and I was depreting in there breathlessly at her watch. Just give me a little play by play. The trend is going to be let's see if March April and May. Marzo Abu Diyal and a mile. As in El Cinco de Mayo. So we'll see whether we got a Cinco where a whatever the hell we got. What kind of numbers come out? We'll see who's going to still be on them. We got that big Howard Stern first conference tomorrow. And which time will be announcing coming to WQA M6-1030 in the morning? Which sounds good to me. When that big great we worked 1032 sounds like a winner to me between a half hours same money. Here's our last call, WQA and hello. Oh, sounds like Reving Jones in the background. And it sounds like a 560505060 that was it. Count five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. That was a middle of our call. Well that's good. That means I can read all these bedtime stories now that I've been holding off on. All right. Yeah, right. That means it gives you a chance to put your feet up on a table right there in the sit back and eat those don't can answer those crispy crings. Oh, we just got sorry. You just had pizza from. Tony's a bit. Little Caesar. Little Caesar? He's a pizza. Where's there are little Caesar's by there? By next to public. Really? Yeah. You know, then I did somebody buy it. Did they send it over for a gratis? We did. Huh? No, we had somebody go get a force. And you paid for it? We did. Oh my god. Oh my god. You have it learned less than one. Oh my god. I've learned. Well, the hell why did you do that? I'm just call up Tony's and say, me, it would like you to bring us some food today. I don't know. I can want to be a fellow for today. Yeah, right. When the hell is that going to start? Well, that's. So, again, how is the pizza? Is it matter? I don't pay for it. That must make it taste nice to go. Yeah, it's good. Crazy bread. Doesn't have a real salty taste like a little Caesar's who did down by a U.M. No, it's delicious. Yeah, the long pause there indicates to me that there's a little bit of a problem. Okay. WQAM, hello. Any idea, is that one pretty good? Can we add a category to your pulse? Maybe. The power of price can tell them. That might be it. That definitely is. And don't forget, actually, it's just a bit of a problem. Don't forget, actually, it's just a prequel coming soon with the interview when you finish watching Michael Moore 4, 5, 5, 5, 6 times. And don't forget, when the screen goes black, everybody go, right. I'm going to rush you all. I'm going to rush you back to the, yeah, the booth. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT. And I really wish that would have been a true story. The first facts from Joe. I wish that would have been true. There would have been hilarious. Because that would have been perfect. What made the front page of New York Times, Time Magazine, International Hill, Trillion All over the world. WQM, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I'll send you guys some food tomorrow for free if you want. Where's this? At the Facebook page, I'll be joining on the IG series, just watching many, five. Thanks, as if you'll send a few joins, you'd be outstanding. Okay. I'm going to hold. What do you guys got? A real expert is passed, a silence. Just about anything. How do you say, guys? I think you put them on hold. Okay, I'll put you on hold, and I appreciate it. Thank you. You guys may be saying, hey, I said today, but they didn't get you guys had peace anyway. Yeah, you're right. So there you go. Here's your lunch for tomorrow. I'm excited. So I'm hoping Zack was taking notes when we had the spot on for the canskits store. Because if you don't cut the crap, Mr. I know. We have an office pool going on to see who's going to explode first. You, fat boy, the beast, the humber, or me. And I don't think I'm not nearly yet, not even close. Who's going to explode? They're just a big oozing pile of flesh right on the floor out there in the hallway. That would be interesting. Running front of Muts Office. 560, 560, nobody running in the area with any pages with any numbers? No, it's not close. Can't believe that. Line 9, WQA, hello. Not there. WQN, hello. You know how are you? Pretty good? Who the hell is the little fizzers anymore? That's the high-end-offs crap. You don't want to say it. I don't want to do it again. Are you guys giving away anything for you today? No. Thank you. Are you guys giving away anything for you? No. Are you guys giving away anything for you today? Yeah, hang on, pal. We'll slide some through the photo. Okay? We'll squeeze some of the sauce in there for you. 567, but this is really weak. That'll, I don't want to go into the story now because it's too long. A full-fledged, perfect, and an article I'll get to it. And I'm also assuming that maybe some of these numbers, I'll be starting a few count or maybe there's some kind of a, wouldn't that be something? Maybe Maddie Bell, when I'm strike down there. Maybe Greg and Maddie Bell are duking it out. Or maybe a moth is like in between trying to grab some of the numbers, trying to grab it. We'll be the first time, 567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T. I'm going to try to get a line nine right now. Oh, say a total. WQM hug. Yeah, I got the meal for you speaking. Because more and more if you hit it on the head with this gambling and casino's down here. It is so desperate we need and I've got to go online. I'm lying to gamble on baseball or football games. And I've got to be up, you know. And this guy's going to be a sign of the answer about sports. I'll tell you if there wasn't, if there weren't thousands millions of people gambling on sports, nobody would be talking about it. The end of the world closed down. There we go. We're talking gambling. Absolutely correct. And then I just want more things to say, how could carry be the democratic nominee and go for a Republican? This is the best that we have in this country. Yeah, yeah. Like I said, okay, I know the man. It's absolutely disgusting. I'll see you Niagara Falls. I'll see you Niagara Falls. I'll see you. Okay. I'll be standing on a Canadian side. I'll be with you. Stand up at any American side. I'll stand on the connox side. What do you say? All right. We'll meet after a couple of rubber nickels. Bye. I'll throw you a couple of these six six five six. The winner is the winner of the worst. Happy New Year. I got a story that's going to make you do a load in your pants. I'm telling you right now. I think that they need to wear the sun one in the sun. We didn't say playground. In Pearl Harbor, they're when the japs drop their butts. We fumble them back. And now the sun is in a sign. And on our cars are little black twain. At that salty moment, we tired voice of fathers. The wrong way. We're going to be. Stand up at Paris to be in America. We're the final boys of the sightings. The United States of Americans. They're like worst. They're the family. We've taken this country. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. We've got this name. It's in my history. I don't want to be a pack of America. We're the one in that Black New Year. We're the one in that Black New Year. What's of you? Thousand innocent lives. Stop living in the past. If you want that SUV to drive, you're going to need more pants. You've slug your right chest, country and in the world. And anyone who says that are the esteemed, and so forth to thee. And I'll embarrass you, the inner-american, where we take three of us in please. We've a flag in one hand, with our head in the sand, and lightly follow the powers that thee have the said say. And I thought the flag could not. I think say, quote, new, on a six-speed, five-speed, scratcher, five-speed, things okay. Okay, in the US, say. This story is enough to make you just wonder what I'll tell about. I keep in mind we can't make farting noises on a radio, currently FCC. The Supreme Court rule today that a law meant to punish pornographers who pedal dirty pictures to web surfing kids is probably an unconstitutional muscle on free speech. Oh my God. You ready for that? Oh yeah. The High Court divided five to four over law passed in 1998, signed by then President Clinton and now by by the Bush administration. The majority said a law court was correct to block the law from taking the fact because it likely violates the first amendment. So, how do you a little kids out there that want to watch early and booby pictures you get on all of your belt porn sites? Good news, the Supreme Court said, go ahead and have a good time. All right. The court did not end the long fight over law, however, the majority sent a case back to a law court for a trial. I could give the government a chance to prove the law doesn't go too far. The majority led by Justice Anthony and Kennedy said it may have been important technological advances in the last five years since the federal judge blocked the law. Holding a new trial allowed a discussion about technology of any might allow adults to see environmental and signal for them. While keeping that material out of the hands of children, how do you like that? I don't think so. Anyway, let's just skip in there because we can't make far-terms on here. Numbers are coming across and you see anything so far as Mochwa smile and grinning? Is he going to ugly look on his face like he was gambling? Oh my god, I just came in and put him in the factory and walk right out. Oh my god, he's you, Mr. Noncomiddle. Let's see, 12 plus life. Look at us, we must have got some people speaking this this time. Look at that. You think? They tried. Because life, WLLLF slashed a carpenter well as they play. I mean, I never listened to that station. Anybody listen to it? Nope. Huh? Look at that, we went way up on the show 12 plus. Woo! Heady, do you look at that for number 11 and number 5. 12 plus. We must have had one, one, one hell of a trend. I'll tell you that right now. Nice going, you'll thank you. How much I deserve a start next week doing just 2-3 days next 2 months? Think that's a good idea? Sure. Yeah, I'll go for it. Let's see, moreings were flat, Mo. Mo is a flat. Do do do do do do do do do. Is it pancake? I'm trying to do this now rationally. Okay, but these are glued together here all in bunches and let's set away your own saying. I don't want to be hopping around all over the place because I've tried to do two things at one time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 7, but I of course everybody wants to know. See the people in the business are the ones that listen what we do these ratings things they're management will tell them, especially if they're numbers suck. Now let's see, 6, 7, 9, let's see, what about the mornings? How do you think they're calling old Ron or Dilma? This is only 12 plus, keep in mind, nobody cares about that, but it's a signal. It's just something, right? The good news is, WCMQFAM? Oh, great. Not an off the face of the map and I knew they would. I don't know what that was all about, you know? Probably with a booklink. They had a couple of those big, like January and February, they did those wild, wired, diary kind of muds, just volguses could be. And now all of a sudden they're feeding back in the pack as we're finally starting to get a few people who's thinking, wish to get some of the diaries. By the way, for the men 18 plus Miguel said, uh, we're number one, dammit. Well, that's great, but you took the element of surprise away. I think I'm missing a page here, but that's okay. I think I'm missing maybe it's my bad. See, this is what happened because this is a mess trying to do all of this while I'm doing a show. So they have like some kind of an ass system. But that's all right. We don't care about the, well, yes, we do 12 plus in the morning. Where's that first page? A docket, you listen, 6 to 10 AM 12 plus first, then either first page again. I'm starting with number nine, which is 500. So I can't really tell if Zeta did, let's say, well, look at that, Zeta's state about flat from a three out of a two nine 12 plus in the morning. So Paul and old Ryan, if you make any inroads, there was the Howard of the market. We don't know. Wouldn't it be something if Stern does come back on? I'm all for it. I'm for freedom of speech, man. I say, put him on here right now. But what we're going to do is we're going to be like stereo on AM on 560. You can, uh, I don't want to speak. You're going to be here in Howard Stern show. And then the other, uh, speak, you're going to be here in Moll and Golden. And then, uh, the little dog. So you can even listen to him at the same time. And I cut off one channel. That's a perfect. And then we could credit. We could ratings. We just combine all of them. Sounds good to me to give you about an 18 sure in there. So let's see, 12 plus life is number one moving from number four to number one. So we got some, I don't know who what people listen to life. Huh? Not sure. C and Q F n drop from a six to a five seven down to a five. Oh, they're dropping like a rock. There's still number two. They're time for second, but they're dropping precipitously. They're time for second overall with EVR. No, speaking, I'm probably at 96. Second, five. Oh, pot. Four points seven. Look at all these ethnic stations man. Life. They must be playing some good care in carpet of songs, right? Because all of the other state, Radoo Mambi, 42 up to a four six. Holy cow. Man, that is really. Oh, correct. Discussing. Radoo, I'm more one up a little bit. And you overall number. But again, mid days. Life is number one 12 plus. Look at that six point four. And you want to know why? Because all the doctors, all the dentists. Everybody, it's got an orifice. Whatever all of us are going to. Right. Sure. Life is playing at the background. And the carpenter is in all rainy days and lund days. You know, 30-pressing crap. CMQ, I've been down from a seven-five, then it was six-five and out under a five-nine. Not right off their perch by life. Take that. You bastard. They're going to kill it. One of they couldn't overthrow Castro. Give beaten by a care and carpenter's slush music station. And if he enversing, would you be embarrassed? A little. Let's take a look at the afternoon. I know the humpers probably on the edge of his seat right now. Actually, probably still asleep. Probably on the edge of his sack right now, listen. See how the humpers did 12 plus. Again, this is not our demo. We don't really care, but it kills some time. Tower still number one, but they dropped for significantly about a half a point. Life. EBR. This is an afternoon MIB men in black baby 4.5. They're killing pot 4.3. Ready on more. CMQ FM. Does anybody speak English? Oh, Jesus. Hey, Christ. Where now is the humper in the mad dog gone here? Are they on the second page? Oh. This is 12 plus. Keep in mind. That's not our demo. Okay. Keep seeing it. See it. It's not our demo. Not our demo. WI of you guys stayed about flight. Went up a 10 to the point 12 plus the afternoon. Where is the humper? All we're going to add two six. Look at last three trends here. Two five. Two six. Two point six. There's nothing like consistency, right? Better to be consistent than that. Well, but again, this is 12 plus. It doesn't mean anything. I mean, when we get to the men and all the other, it's going to be. So in other words, we're a number one. Many 18 plus did you tell me that wasn't the listing? That's what we're going to tell me. Okay. When I go on the girl, you're okay in our book. You've been there. You do have all my damn Marlon tickets. Anyway, what else do we got here? Oh, here we go with the men. A lot of order pages just. But I'll take it. Here is the morning because I know most trying to nurse himself back to help. Do do do do do do do do. Six to 10 a.m. many 18 plus. Radio Mambi and again keep in mind those are old men. Okay, old men. Nobody needs about 100. So that doesn't really mean anything. They got a 5.4. The number one. But again, it's all that. Camerista. Camerista. It's amazing. How many old ancient men older than me even, which is saying a lot. That they're getting these diaries. That amazing. WXDJ is tied for first. Well, then, now, let's see. That's another, we know speaking in gray station. But down a little bit. WQB. Oh, man. All the old men all the time. This is in the morning. Totally cow. They're crazy. BLECHO. Zeta. They'll give them a credit. Oh, that's right. They're not on Zeta anymore. Are they? What's on Zeta? Did it start? What's that show? Lex and Terry. Lex and Terry. That's the moment they had that redneck and my show. They got with a poll on old Ron on their name went up. They went from 9th to 6th to a typhor third to a 4.8. Other than they finally got old Paul and ancient Ron off of their QA. I'm nice going. How a, a blue horse probably is your rose. But let's get credit where credit is doing. It's not guilty. From a 3, 3 up to a 4, 2 to a 4, 6 from number 13 to number 7 to number 5. Oh, morning. How do you like that? We're making in rose. Maybe we're making strides. Aren't you impressed? Yeah. So that's what that's all about. I would do in the other hand when from a 4, 5 down to a 3, 6 down to a 3, 2 in the morning. Many team plus. So I would do this drop in like a rock. So not all the Julios and white wingers which I hate to be done and see they're getting all the diaries anymore. See, I'm going back on my board. I'm doing exactly what I always do with this stuff. But there's no other way to do it unless I just make a big pile here and he put it on the floor. I'm sure you're going to have to do. No. No. No. I'm doing it organized man. I got my state where I got like a little operation going. Maybe even better in the operation ahead of my back. There you go. See that? Yep. So sound of my staple gun just taking 60 10 and jamming it all together there. Now what about many team plus over the whole week? We'd like to see that if we got a shot at some extra bonus money in here. But gal, I don't have those pages. It's coming. A bit. You should have it by now. That's about 10. Many team plus mid day. Look at that number man. Holy cow. There we go. Wow. I could only imagine that 25 to 54 number 2 bad Georgian here this week because they'd be probably out there spending that bonus money at the casino. Well, I can go and lose my ass. I think I'm going to leave right now. You guys handle the rest of the show. I'm going to take the shuttle bus to Niagara Falls. And I don't care what you say, Josh. Or in fact both of you. Well, it doesn't. The guys that called him. Do we have any women calling today about casinos? In fact, we have any women called period. No. Guys, do they sound like a bunch of food cakes to you? They sound like they were just in a parade on Sunday. I don't think so. They said it real much or the me. Sort of a butcher than Georgia. They said that because your chance of a fruity on here. But they were playing the slots and you all about it. The one guy's giving me a song that answered about the four quarters and the twelve quarters and Rochester and it rolls drugs in the ball I craft. The basement to the high rock couple times, I think. Yeah, I bet. The seeer, you guys, I don't know what you're. Where does that come from? All right. See real man, we go on tight poker. We play crafts. I know all about crafts. Okay. And black the eye into pretty picture. And black to that goes boring. I have plenty of black to end with. You play with less? I have before. Really less fun. It's okay. When you're winning. Yeah, I'm on Z. I just take a thousand footer on double low, double zero. Pickers. See what I don't have the patience for that. Just give me like 5,000 footer on black to red. That's all. Let's get that over with and go on. Have a good time. It's so fun. Everybody can pick his own toys. And by the way, we don't need any more gambling for it. Look at this number. Six five and a winner book. Six three and a last one and a number one. Seven point two. Oh. In this trend. Aren't you guys impressed? I'm very impressed. We're number one. Demi. Which rubber groupers first off. He suffers from a rest of development rubber. CMQFM is number two. We finally knocked him off their first. They're dropping. Maybe they're dropping. They're dropping. But audio mom V number three. Wild from a 6.8 down to a 6.1 of the next trend. Down to a 5.1 third. They're fading fast. And I think you'll find as Bush's popularity fades. So a popularity of right wing talk radio and right wing propaganda to radio. And you'll see Fox news is on, well, they got that solid group there of says, you know. The people watch Fox news. It's on like 24.7. It's like the same thing when the people listen to a Spanish language radio. They just put Ditto, Ditto, Ditto. It's just on every single minute of every day. You want to go to sleep. They keep it on. I'm sure that if the Neil's a meters running. So how do you like that? Would number one in men? So I need to see that. And of course, I'm sure the Humphor is sitting there like I said on the 80th of the See, with some hot script for, I mean, with some, uh, breakfast in his lamp. Many King Plus look at that in the afternoon, baby. I think we're gonna have some serious bonus money coming here if you ask me. Number one. Good evening. Yeah. And by no way, Greg gets in spite of you. Number one. You may have a call here. Number one. There's no way to go. Number one. You may have a call here. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. I thought I'd give you a Billy and I want your take on a David Gampille Movie. Is it a great court or something? I could have a good you. I'm not a chief baby. Oh well, not the M Jordan. He's got extraordinarily smoothes depths hot boxes. Oh me though, give the thank you mom. Oh no wait a minute. I have nothing he has to pregunt it out. No the man on the stairs. How about this? How's going to get over there? Wait, wait, wait. Oh no, no, no, I have a phone. It's her your watchin' doll. Hold yo' that up right, how's that? Oh, I'll give you one of my old, the temptation. So stuff. Wait, wait, wait. No way! That was the only color we had. The thing that I didn't know is this is always again. They're both, they're both, they're both. They're both, they're both, they're both. They're both. They're both, they're both. They're both. They're both, they're both. Wow! That thing, with those things. Haven't you told me that I didn't feel sad. They're around so close and close. You're one night, I have one moment too. You are the worst thing that you've ever seen. A road epsilon is still in place. If they get theirurable signs, wait, yourHHIFIy hot scrunch up. I don't know if this was against this. Almost every day I stand at my veins once as close and sighed that the goal I had an eye in the torture door so yeah I would find someone else fearvere have long been, ever come around for real, parent And ain't no chance for them with people made and Saints, fellows Benedictavia, poets have a free day. The battle will go... the battle what a second out from overseas amid the COVID-19 was auzz  it spending a lot of love Oh yeah, probably Greg is running up and down the hallway, patting himself on the hands. That's good. So let's see, Jeff says that you might 18 to 34 know, if you want 25 to 54, it would be for a nice person. It also would be nice to get the first page of the a man 18 plus for the entire week. Because I never got that. Have you got that? I'm sorry, I already. Are you really if you got it? Yeah, right in front of you. Because it wouldn't seem to me that Qm might be over all number one men. A 28 18 plus. Are we? Well, surprised me. Well, that's okay. We got a shot like Jimmy was saying. Oh, we shot. Let's see, here's the, I can give you the extrapolation again for a moment to guilty. And Joe, mornings we had a 5.1 man in this last month, which is pretty darn good. Mid days we had a 9.1. Damn good! How do you like that? I'm just, I'm just believe in afternoon to 6.3. Nice going boys. Even a mad dog, instead of his right wing weaning, it's even him. We'll throw in there. Let's see, afternoon 3 to 7. And 2m, 5.2 number one again. Boy, boy, I can't do much better number one. So let's see how long now it'll take rig we just screw things up, right? Now that these numbers came on are so impressive and fantastic. Let's see how long before we plant another story to Barry Zackas, comment about, oh, well, I'm not too satisfied with Joe Rose. I'm not too sure I'm going to leave him in there. And more is a cranky old fart. I mean, you know, he's a white apiece of crap. He's going to do the pantergain. Oh, the crap. Trust leave it alone. Go take up a hobby, okay? Take up skydiving with her, George, your Herbert Walker. Get out of our face. Okay, so now we can go back into the show. Join QM and Amarlas at 7 o'clock tonight at the Fort Lorderdale, Al House on Federal High. We just have to open Park Boulevard. Stop by for prizes from Pilly to Marlin and Amur Mades. It's Amarlas, watch party, 7 o'clock tonight at the Fort Lorderdale, Al House, bring your own watch. How can George W. Bush be tied with John Kerry and latest polls? That's our question as we say with the Geep, the Puss. 585 votes. Americans are morons. That's what 255 of you said. Kerry's campaign sucks. 150 and so far that was my vote. But so far I think that's a compliment. The media's in Bush's pocket 101. Yeah, that's the course they take a CNN Fox MSNBC being in Bush's pocket 101. America loves Bush, if you want to know if it knows Kerry at 48. We are hardly new, John. Right? Maybe that's the problem. Maybe inside that old, funny, dirty exterior is a fuzzy, warm, teddy bear, you think? I hope it comes out soon. I don't think so. Anyway, many teen plus but look at the if you take a look at this all when the next month comes man. WCMQFM, Sanito Bonito, baby Adios, Sanibirati, Chau, Dosvidanya, Doi, Pocines. Look at that. CMQFM rose bogus months they had earlier in year 75 and a winter book down to a 6-3 down to a 5-4 hanging precipitously that number one in men's spot over all during the week. As QM continues rising from the ashes like the penis of the Phoenix. 2AM 4.2 up to a 4.5 and now a 5.1 overall were number two of them and we're pretty excited about. Radio Mumbi, WDR, these other ethnic states, it's been where they only bright shining light in the middle of the sea of ethnic soil. WIDR is dropping like crazy. In fact, we never looked at Russia. We see how they doing in mid days because we sure how to make sure that Russia continues doing real well otherwise Robert would get upset. Don't want to do that. QAM 7.2 many teen plus in mid days. CMQFM 2.2 WAQI, Radio Mumbi is third and then WIDR including Russia for 3 hours from a 6.8 and a winner booked to a 6.1-1-5 point. Let them exactly. 5.0. 4. Dropping dramatically. How do you like that? Nice move put in blood back in on there too. Good job there, P&E Bullger. See it's one thing about management and program directors people that keep changing and chuffling the deck into that's the P&E Bullger especially. When you took over the light bulb FTO which wasn't much anyway but that was especially there. Move this water around and I want to take the same old hard people who are up on the first place and just keep chuffling them all around moving their deck. They're time slots. Here's like when they stuck visual on 9 to 1 extra worked out well then I thought no. But just I'm sorry right now you know we need that would like to really camp off a sure is a great year all the way through the end of the year. We need that you and of course these were wearing this kidnappings that are happening over at the middle east and not making a lot of those. So we need to arrange our own kidnapping. I have to scroll it out for you who were kid mapping. Let me give you a hint. Great. Yeah. How's that? Thank you for your clue. Great. Yeah. Somebody you just get a hold of and maybe we can get one of those apart of potty ideals. We'll keep them safe from Fahrenheit 9 11. They go Michael Mordos where we can get one of those deals just lock them in your can some good reading material. Hold bunch of sharmons so we doesn't you get a cheap back though. Mass. What is this that you're sending me a guy CEO send you the whole thing the whole package. Oh my god. Person's 25. Well when we get to that we'll take a look at that okay because I'm not going to bore the audience with this anymore. One thing I also didn't look at you know what it was. Big big because this is three months of stern beat off. And then of course Paul and old Ronne been on there what a month two months a couple of months I guess. Well let's take a look at the impact they're making it with men at least even again this isn't their demographic that's what they would say. Six to ten a and do I have it. Did I lose it? I got it. Oh please cracker please here it is. In a morning a radio mom B WSD. I don't see others. Jay the like I said Jay to one up with the lexon Luther who was it that's doing a show. Lexon Terry. Yeah. Well I'll tell you I think they have this in Terry but lexon Terry moving up in the man number three just early age and up moment. Go the in Joe. Moan Joe and Kelly and the big go and let's see. I do a more radio. I don't see big on here at all as matter. Fact holy mole. Batman. Top one. 5 W E D R W M I B men in black. W I O D W M H J. Holy crap. It's not on the first page. It's not on the second page boys and girls. Can you believe that maybe it's on the turd page. You turn. Radio romansia. Love 94. All of you. Look at that. Dropping. Of course. Serum is always number one and men but dropping from a four. I can't wait for then Garvin's column or be Howard Colt over there to buy me here to say. All big one. Six continues. Without spirit or doing this fine. Right. Men from a four point six tied for fifth and a winner book which included one month of Stern being gone. Men do a three point three which is two months it is being gone number 14. And our tied for 17th even to try to be boost up by our original and pathetic and tragic Paul Arnold Ron 2.6 their tied for number 17 with love 94. And with our him a audio roll on scene with the party. Can you believe that? You're still around. All the way down the number 17. All and don't forget the party's over Disney. That's my opinion. I'm like this. Yeah, we know. Party's over for that piece of crap play the same 15. They played the rude 800 times in a row and that's what they've done. So there's some really good news for us and I'll go through some other fine out some more and give some people a few things who deserve very well. Because it's not only important that you succeed but that T channel does very, very poorly. That's what we hope. We hope that they go out of business. We hope that all their stations run. We hope that people, your and David Ross and Ron are we'll think and all those other great robbers over there. We hope that they want to get like some kind of rectal age. Right. Sure. Because anybody in this business who has ever worked for them or with them around them or near them and even listeners can tell you they're real pain in the ass. They deserve chronic rectal age bad. Let's see, persons 2554 midday. Is this ought to be kind interesting, you think? Take a peek at it. Look at that, love 94 men. They're not only number one but they just zooming up there. People want to hear slush. We went up midday for three to a four four four four four six which is marked exactly through the roof. But nevertheless, should extrapolate pretty well when we get the men out of that thing. So we're doing just fine. We're just, we're fine. Here are two women. Spide of all the rumors and all the history and Greg reading very Jackass. All of the stuff that crap always can drive to deals going on. There was gets suspended as he fired as he come back. All of this garbage, man. And I'll say it again and I don't want to like pat ourselves on the back. Oh God. But I will anyway. Other than this radio station in the South Florida market on AM. Is there anything that there's nothing else on it worth even thinking about? Is there? Nope. I mean, and of course, AM. You know, what that awful sound of we make. But we can't help that. Although we are, what is that thing that says is a promo? We're a digital, a digital, a digital, a digital static. You have never heard such clear and loud static in your life. Is it here on this radio station? Especially if there's any like power lines and you're out there in a highway. You're around 440 when it's especially. But in HD original, whatever it is. Yes, a simple little bit. Why is sounds fabulous? You have never enjoyed static like you hear on this station. 1213 at 560 WM if you're sick and tired of your PC being attacked by browser pop-up Windows being watched by spyware and getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and coworkers. The easiest way to deal with those buzzes to get you a Macintosh from the Mac Center, the Apple specialist and for a lot of deal. The Macintosh is built on an entirely different based on Windows, so all these PC-pest just get hurt to you all Mac. The technology experts at Mac Center can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac with thousands of programs available, including ones you're already used to like Microsoft Word and Excel. They'll even take your old computers at trading. So make the change today by calling Mac Center at 950-4486-5500. You won't get a better deal on your Mac or iPad any place else in town because Mac centers the home of the 5% we've made on every purchase. Come in before June 30th which means tomorrow last time I checked the near tomorrow and registered with the hard to find iPod Mini. That's happening at the Mac Center I'm commercial bull about called 954-486-5500. 954-486-55500 don't forget to mention your Rogers Rift of Savings when you pop into the Mac Center. You're watching your Ghost Skydiving on a Vatious Birthday. We're in my lips. Huh, exclusive screens from Courtney Cox during the Vivari. Oh, it's a Vavari. Explosive action. Anybody have a problem with that? Check it away. You want a problem? Do do do do do do do do. Call me 18 at 560-650-650. Everybody done real good. We're very proud. We thank the audience and we thank ourselves and our grandparents and everybody else. Yeah. Everybody just fine. So that means good food. Now, what was that guy's problem? That called it before but the food was looking for a plug probably in deserves one. I'm not sure somewhere around here with a burger grill like place. Josh would give you the answer but guess who just showed up. Oh, the guy with the okay now this is pretty interesting right now as we speak. This is perfect timing. Josh is one thing we'll get about the lobby. I don't know if he's bringing him back here. I think Josh is left. It's possible. Josh, are you Josh? Curtis? No, he's in the other room. He's probably helping out that over here. He's on the elevator down there. Make sure the freaking Carlos intercepts him at the past there. Okay, maybe freaking Carlos intercepted the other guy. Josh has walked back in the room with a whole bunch of stuff in the sands. Really? All kinds of papers. We'll do without the guy. No guy. Okay. Oh, as the guy gone? Yeah. Come on. The way you did that last. What are you trying to say? Hey, you never know. But I got all my information. Oh, it's too bad that I'm not there because believe me. I know. But anyway, you've got all your information. You've got your form to fill out. Well, yes, I do. And I got to do that. Male and then I'm going to go. Josh is blocking a little bit too. Oh, and he's out there in an awful long time. You know what? There he was. Now, you sure he was out in the front lobby. Maybe a little pit stop in the T-Roy. Well, anyway. Speaking of that, Tampa area teacher charged with having sex with 14 year old boy. See, every time a teacher, like the one in was in Seattle or similar Portland, Oregon, I think, and then the one in New England, remember that? Yep. Every time a female teacher has sex with the young boy. Everybody says, oh, yeah, I wish I could have done that, right? Well, how old is the teacher? Only 23. Oh, you saw this story? I just brought this story up. Go on, website. Yeah. I have 23 and 14. It's not that bad, right? Much about it. But if it would have been a 23 year old guy, and the girl would have been 14, then daddy would have been a former brains out, right? People said, oh, my God, that's disgusting. Oh, you would have been jailed three seconds. Right. I just don't think teachers have any business in spite of the fact that all these macho guys want to brag about what I was in school. I was only 15 years old, and I was banging my 40 year old teaching at all that crap. It's just that, do not seem appropriate. And I'm hardly an old true. I'm a real pervert. But I just, I just don't get that. A newly wed middle school teacher's been charged with having sex numerous times with a 14 year old student, including in a classroom in a apartment in a once in a vehicle while it's 15 year old cousin did the driving. Right. That's a heck of a story. Dema B3 left failed 23 years after the Southern Emory and County authorities in Ocalia. Studies used released in 25 grand bail. Luffy, the river view is a reading teacher, a Greco middle school in Temple, Terras, a few miles north of Tampa, Temple Terras, all the property of speaking her ass up. She's in trouble. Man, oh man, it's like a right in the Kindle Loots Temple Terras. She was charged with 2,000 of Ludmel City's battery, a month kind of Ludmel City's exhibition. A 30-sale of fade was been married less than a year, and sex with the student and the back of her sport utility vehicle while the student's 15 year old cousin throws him around the Ocalia area. There were just horse and around. Yeah, why not? Monday. Monday's charges are in addition to those from last week's arrest in Temple Terras once she was charged with 2 counts of committee Ludmel City's battery for allegedly having sex with the teen and affordable cash remittor school. It was help pass and was one of then portapatti's from Michael Moore movie. But would you just keep trying to keep him safe? Yeah, they were safe. She was out on bond from last week's arrest once he turned herself in yesterday. Luffy's lawyer John Fitzgibbon said he wasn't ready to respond to the allegations. There's a presumption of innocence in this country said probably very indignantly. Very indiscriminate and technical said the boy is cousin provided matching statements, including the teacher. See, that's what really pisses me off as one kid's like that. He goes out and gets laid and then they rat on her, you know? Why would he do that? Maybe she was a lousy lady. Oh, that's a different story. In cremating the teacher in that the 14 year old was able to identify tattoos in birthmarks on Lafay's body and the layout of her apartment. The teen told investigators that he and Lafay got to know each other on the way back from middle school graduating classroom to see world in Orlando last month. I got to know each other. He said that she would invite him to her classroom in detention. He ended up talking to a taken divestable practice at a recreation center, taking the get his haircut and to his house to report say. In this case, a little bit unusual if a teacher is bringing a 14 year old kid in the get his haircut. Yeah, that's a little weird. I mean, this is not a seven or eight year old kid is a 14 year old kid. If probably don't need mommy or a teacher taking the get his haircut. Nice, that's cousin, John Brown. Lafay gave the boy herself a number. I'm the last day of school of boy code detective, the sexual relationship allegedly began June 14. Lafay was work with a health worker, school system for two years has been placed on administrative duty. Could be suspended without pay, following the next school board meeting official said. The boy told detectives that Lafay told a matter of marriage was in trouble and that she was aroused by the fact that having sex with him was not allowed. It was her boat and she wanted to be forbidden through. So the space used? Yeah, she wanted to be forbidden through. She could have come in the grabbed onto Carlos after the front desk. Definitely forbidden through that and for anything alive. Okay, let's take over that pool. Let's get back on track here. That the rating thing was just kind of dazzling overwhelming. I'm sure that stuff is just squeezing his kneecaps and just probably farting up the storm in there right now. Now that's just to release the pressure, you know. He's in his office going over all the papers. Just pouring over it. 642 votes not too shabby. How can George W. Bush be time and John carrying the latest falls? If you wonder why we took that pool, the greatest CBS nearer times pool. That says, carry 45 Bush 44. A statistical dead he. And I saw that. One thing came into my mind immediately. Yeah, that was it. How can this, how is it possible? Americans are more on ZF-252 people decided. Terry's campaign sucks 164. That was my first thought. The media's in Bush's pocket, 119, which I think is a given. America loves Bush 57 and nobody knows Carrie at 50. Nobody knows the trouble he's seen. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and for rise of marble slump for those who would like to come congratulate us for the foammals. See it means probably to be average smug out there. And what do they care about that? As long as we're here in his free inn, they can listen to the day. It's a kill for hours. That's all nice to them. To most of them right. I mean, we got a few loyal people out there. Oh, that's great. They were so happy because that means you guys are still going to be there. And keep in mind that my reward for this is that next week. I'm only on two days and three days and three days and next few months. And I guarantee that they're very happy about that because George has been just as Josh Dave, outside of George has been getting better and better he's so damn good. I'm thinking two days and three days enough for like the rest of my deal, yeah? Why not? Sure. At the same pay, of course. Yeah, sure, absolutely. Absolutely. I learned that from the Humper. He learned a lot from me about this screwing off of Blah Zaya. He's got a deal now. He used to be on used to be on four hours. Now he's on three hours like yesterday. And today, today because he's so overworked from being on here yesterday for three solid hours. Today he's only on for like just a brief time and an accro at five years. How about you and me, but trobe to me, the globe? Okay. Okay, but. Okay, but. I like that one. Five, three to seven. You got only an hour and a half hump for show today because he's overworked from yesterday. He has to like, you know, probably go have a couple extra feedings. So we got the call on though. Yeah, but you're. Call on before the game. WQA. Hello. Hello. And they were just about to call and say great job, guys. We couldn't have done without you. That's probably great. Call and congratulate us. Yeah, don't. I know people think I'm just saying this to be dramatic, but don't you aren't you? I mean, you're sitting there. You see the stuff that goes on day in and day, especially Zack. Because Zack is there in a morning. He's seen all the travails. The, I mean, the stuff that just unmentionedable. Isn't it just shocking that we just do this. Uh, book after book, month after month or most part. And we were just. We're just drowning in a sea of horsemen or and every time we stick our head up, it smells like Lailocks, you know? You follow what I'm saying? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. WQA. Hello. Yeah. Oh, what is it? Me? Me or I, you're speaking, yes or you got to write number. Congratulations first of all. Thank you sir. Thank you, everybody. Hey, you know. Yeah. I have to go my mother's birthday last week. They look and run Chester. Yes, sir. And I went to the female ages, like going downtown Vegas. How do you like going to get this loss? They got slots real slots that real pay. I'll say it up at 22. Alright, nice gone. Palia, sense him over here. Thank you. How you like that? Even in finger lakes, we got the slots. I'm not sure what slot he was looking at, but nevertheless. And that great? He was real sauce, that's okay. I was at finger lakes where he turned the day that it opened. I believe 1963 somewhere about there. How do you like that? And a little piece of trivia for you. Because you know what that am I toms down? He was at finger lakes that ate open. Stewart Elliott was not writing there then, but nevertheless. Hey, Stewart. Guess what? He's not his fault. They killed him in our race. Just broke my heart. I got a bit that I never played because it's kind of weak. But I'm going to play right now. Pours Marty Jones. You know how everybody loved him and he just... Come on. Give it to your whole friend. And what are you all in? Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Listen, go to David. Heavy Tax Prime 560 weighs a few  jogar for party footwear. A lot of shoes to% rampair, a lot of plays you can buy shoes. smart people keep going over and over back to Brandy Shoe's and Palmetobie's because they've got an unbeatable and unbeatable combination. They've got salespeople who know they're stuck, they get your personal service, they know your feed-inside and out, they've got fantastic unbeatable prices every day and all kinds of specials all the time like this week and about the top names and issue business. Whatever you like, they've got them, they've got rock ports, floor shine, SAS, very timberly naturalized, we're lost more. Whether if you're mongous, lucky, you can just about big red reads life on it, that whatever style you pick up, they've got your size on a shelf ready to slap on your foot. Brandy is open every day, Monday through Saturday's nine to nine, Sunday's 10 to five and you'll find them in the same great spot they've been doing right for years and years, 1290 North Federal Highway in Palmetobie's, it's always worth the trip no matter where you are. And right now is a really great time to buy SAS this week at Brandy's because you buy one pair at the regular price, get the second pair at half price, what's not to like. Come out of the store for sure this week or check them out online at Brandy's shoes, that's what I say with two S's but actually there are three, from like the two connected to the right of the middle, Brandy's shoes.com. Oh another audio selection from the closing memoirs or campaign in today, God, what a pain in the butt, I can't believe that I'll tell you one time when people walk up to me and throw their baby in my face I'd like to just pod it like a football. The closing memoir. Hey, what do you say we go get big bags in the shop, that book stores this summer? 233 Duchess to the facts we were to do, he have you facts me this. I came in a fact, we're gonna, man 18 plus in the mid days and of course this is 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. so it includes my good personal friend even though he's politically confused. Oh right, man dog, good for a star. 9.3 share in May, what I've only always loved a month in May, I can like it. I score mad doggy, nice going Humper, nice going Moe even, right? Nice going any K, nice going everybody except. Nice going Joe. Rose. Paul Krugman writes, who lost Iraq? Oh, and I'm thinking about that story about the movie at the theater on South Beach that Joe passed before. And I'm thinking of myself maybe what happened there is when the black screen came out it was the projection is too panic and maybe he like, did something, he thought there was something, huh? Maybe try to fast forward. Yeah, exactly. Maybe he tried to like do something because he thought that the things dropped out or something. That's something, there had to be something there, it didn't just the print couldn't have been all screwed up. I think the projection is should have been probably like fired. Oh, I'm just saying like drawing quarter. Paul Krugman writes, who lost Iraq, the former lock in pace of Iraq came to an even many assemblies today with a photo ceremony held two days early to fall in search of attacks and a swift airborne exit for the Chief Administrator. And we already the Occupational Continuing Under Another Name, most likely in Sherlock Hustle of Iraqi Popperist remains that we leave, but it's already worth asking why things went so wrong. The Iraq venture may have been doomed from the start, but we'll never know for sure because the Bush administration made such a mess of the Occupation. Future historians will view it as a case study of how not to run a country. Up to a point, the numbers in the Brookings Institutions in Baguable are wackin next tell the tale. figures on the electricity supply and all production shall have pattern of fitful recovery and frequent reversals, figures on insurgent attacks and civilian casualties show a security situation that got progressively worse not better, public opinion polls show an Occupation that squandered the initial good will. What certificates don't describe is the toxic mix of ideological obsession and colonialism that lie behind that dismal performance. The insurgency took root during the Occupations first few months when the coalition provasional authority, the CPA, seemed oddly disengaged from the problems of post-war energy. But what was called grammar that had the CPA focused on? According to a Washington Post reporter who shared a flight with him lies June, grammar discussed the need to privatize government on factories with such fervor that is voiced cut through the dinn of the cargo hold. The insurgents were privatization were eventually put on hold but he's prepared to leave Iraq, Mr. Bremor, listed reduced tax rates, reduced tariffs and the liberalization of forward investment laws as among his major accomplishments. Insurgents are blowing up pipelines and police statements, gives you the sue of jour erupting from the streets and the electricity is off most of the time but we've given Iraq the gift of supply-side economics. At the Occupies often seemed oblivious to reality one reason was that many jobs of the CPA went to people whose qualifications seemed to lie mainly in their personal and political connections. People like Simone LaDine who's father Michael Adine, a prominent neo-conservative, fooled a forum that the level of casualties is secondary because we are a war-life people and we love war. Still given Mr. Bremor's economic focus, you might at least have expected his top aide for private search or development to be an expert on privatization and liberalization in such countries as Russia or Argentina, but the job initially went to Thomas Foley, a Connecticut businessman in Republican fundraiser with no obviously relevant expertise. In March, Michael Fleshery, New Jersey Businessman took over, he asked his area Flesher's brother. Mr. Flesher told the Chicago Tribune that part of his job was educating Iraqi businessman the only paradigm-named OS Chronyism or teaching him that there's an alternative system with built-in checks in built-in review. checks in review yesterday a leading British charity Christian aid released a stealing report fueling suspicion on the use of Iraqi or revenue. It points out that the May 2003 UN Resolution giving the CPA direct to Spendette Revenue required a creation of an international oversight board which would have fallen in auditor to ensure that the funds were spent to the benefit of the Iraqi people. Instead, the US saw that the auditor didn't begin work to late for 2004 even then according to the interim report, it faced resistance from the CPA staff. And now with the audits to lunch published the CPA's been dissolved. The funders of the administration will know that I would say that Christian aid in other cities have other critics have no proof that the audits for billions were spent, but think of it this way. Given the air-world suspicion that we came to steal Iraq's oil, the occupation authorities had every incentive to Westwoodite and independent audit that would clear how labor and other US corporations have charges that they were profiting at Iraq's expense, unless that is, the charges are true. Let's say the obvious by making Iraq a playground for widely-neconomic theorists and employment agency for friends and family in a source of lucrative contracts for corporate donors, the administration did terrorist recruit as a very big favor. That's Paul Kyrgyzmann's taken here at times today, it's on our website. Pretty depressing. And the surprise we have entered a lot more from people to start a movie, aren't you? Yeah? Of course, that's not our full question today, and if it's not on a poll, they don't really want to talk about it too long. Oh, God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Town 5, 60 on the AT&T in comparison, wireless line, because what would be interesting to find out of the lines are still as long, and if the other still is packed now that has been on there for a few days? Well, I went last night to try to go to the 4 or 31 at Saurgrass, that was sold out. 7 was sold out and the 10 was sold out. Several of the words, they got to see yesterday, I'm going to try to go see it today. Pam, well now that you don't have to worry about hanging out to protect Josh from that, whatever that guy was. Yeah, you're right, I can go now. Can I have to fill that out while you're sitting there on your ass, Josh, have you filled that thing out and you didn't really do rock and roll with it? No, but I will. See, that used to be, that line of excuse he came up with yesterday. They used to be the excuse of all the lazy people. Oh, I don't want to register to vote because then they'll call me for jury duty. No, no, it wasn't for all of us. I'm not going to do that for all of us. Whatever party, no, no, no, that's not what he said. That's exactly what you say. I said for jury duty and the calls that you get, vote for this person, but you have color ID. I do. See, the jury duty thing, it took a color. That's my bad. I should remember that they changed that some time ago, a couple of years ago. Now, it's your driver's license because that was the excuse a lot of people were using. Oh, we don't want to be called for jury duty. You can register to vote for you. They'll use it, no, no, no. It sounds to me. I couldn't even roll, but it sounds to me like you're still a little bit reluctant. Who am I going to do it? I'm going to say, God, the guy, I mean, you talk about lazy. You talk about service. This guy brought it right to you and put it in your hand in the materials too. Put it right there in your hand. How do you go to a spill it out? Mail it in. You'll give your voter registration card. You'll be like, I'm mentioned. You'll be like a real person. You have a voter registration card in your wallet. Along with it is whatever else you've got in there. You don't want to know. I'm sure. Probably you're all wrotted out by now anyway. And yet you sound a little bit, I don't know. Like you're making excuses. Well, I don't want to get soliciting calls to consider, well, this time you're a slipper. You don't have any money. Okay, that's all. Just erase it to phone. Twenty-two one at five sixty-webity cum so many lazy people in so little time. It's summertime, basic getting longer. In fact, this is perfect for lazy people talking about Dallamaifers because this is one area where it's marked to be lazy. I'm as 140 degrees in the shade as human is hell. Who now wants to run out to those betting in the apartment stores now when you can sit there on your lazy ass. Make that one easy call like I've always done. And even the other people at QM are doing out. Just call 1-800 mathers like millions of people have been doing 1-800 M-ATTRES for the lowest price on the best brands in betting. It's the easiest possible way to buy your mattress. You're going to save a lot of time, tons of money, and improve your productivity and bring you this position because you're going to get a great night's sleep every night for years to come. Dallamaifers is ranked the best in the world of customers satisfaction. They will winters of the 2004 Better Business Bureau, local towards the Vexalence Award. When you call 1-800 mathers, you'll get the best prices on the best brands with a delivery on your schedule. You'll pick that to our window and issue up and the best customer service in the business. And whatever brand is your favorite. Dallamaifers has got it. The top name, CD. Sort of. King Coil. Simmons. Tempority. Even. Stirring. From chemical steward. Conveged to Ford Mires. Dallamaifers will deliver you to the finest betting going anywhere. Everybody like I said a QM is doing it and you should be doing it too. Lock down at their website. You can even order right on there. Macris.com. Or give them a call. Tool-free ride now. They'll be knocking on you during no time at all. 1-800 mathers. 1-800 M-ATTRES. And more. 6-4-8-6-6-4-8-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-8-6-6-6-6-6-6-7-6-6-6-6-6-6-7-6-8-9-6-9-6-6-6-8-9-7-6-6-8-8-9-8-9-8-6-6-6-6-6-4-6-6-0-2-8-6-6-8-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-3-8-6-6-6-8-6-6-8-7-6-6-6-4-6-7-8-6-7-6-6-8-7-6-5-6-6-4-6-6-6-5-7-8-6-6-7-6-9-1- It's an all new British invasion with a Mago singing like a man. I like it, I like it. And truth is finally out that humanity was truly the fifth people. I can't live without it, I love it. I love it, I love it. Now you're at your sight, you always have a sight on me on the back of my head. Here's what bad dogs and room touching truth to be killed. Oh, you're the one who's not alive. Oh, run back. You've met a man who's been waiting for you. Oh, run. The Mago was just a little and vividly, but we asked him if he wanted his duty to come. No, I don't think so. So we had moved the Rodsey Man a little. And until he was a great singer, we'd wind up on the country. That's kind of a fifth few. Oh, run. Oh, run. Oh, run. And it's six. Five and two. They're a little bit out if you've been with me. Oh, run. Oh, run. Oh, run. Oh, run. Oh, run. Oh, run. Oh, run. Oh, run. Oh, run. Oh, run. Oh, run. Oh, run. Oh, run. Oh, run. Oh, run. Oh, run. What is that man trying to say? Oh, run. Oh, that's what I thought it was. 12. 46. I'm looking here at Paul and Old Ryan. I thought I want to pick on him, do I? Yeah. Your liars. I'm taking a look at this. And what's your name again? Stick in the lick. Let's guys. Everyone's here. No, I'm sorry. Let's see. Sticking Nick. They did better on Z. In fact, the numbers on Z are going up. Now the Paul and Old Ryanman over there. In fact, they went from a three five and a winner. Both up to a four and a state of four. Oh, his last trend with Lexington, Luke in Luther from Jacksonville, doing Redneck Psychic readings. And in the meantime, big. Oh, man. Of course, Stern was off. But everybody understand that. They went from a three nine to a three three and I thought it was two nine. He would call on Old Ryan, be it on the last two months. So they continued dropping like a box. Another word Z to beat the pants off of them. Even with them taking their stale, sorry, as unoriginal old actor over there. I'd be like that. Perfect. I will never meet about that. In Glenn Garvitz column or Howard Cohen's column or Tom maybe Tom's. You can make my name for reference to it if you make some other letter to the Sunday book. He book about that. That is amazing. Anyway, Peter Bergen writes, as this longer what? I don't want to do a lot of reading because I know it gets that very irritated. Oh, it's okay. Then it going until Robert tomorrow. I was read all that. So the letter and county picko. So of course, you're county lay. I don't understand how you and Robert work together. Oh, you got it. But opposite together. Is that what it is? Opposite to track? Of course. I see. Anyway, Peter Bergen writes, President Bush has made 2003 an estimate aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln. Major combat operations at the end of the Iraq has been replayed endlessly. What is less well remembered is just what the President claimed the United States had accomplished. The battle of Iraq is one between a war on terror that began on September 11, 2001. He declared that the feet of Saddam Hussein, he told American people, was a crucial advance in the campaign against terror. In fact, the consensus now emerging among a wide range of intelligence and counterterrorism professionals is that the opposite is true. The invasion of Iraq suddenly failed to help the war on terrorism and it represented a substantial setback. In more than a dozen interviews, experts both within and outside the US government laid out a stark analysis of how the war has hampered the campaign against Del Cata. Not only they cloned out to the war divert resources and attention away from Afghanistan, seriously damaging the prospects of capturing out title leaders, but it has also opened a new front for terrorists in Iraq and created a new justification for attacking Western Israel in the world. Perhaps most important if dramatically speeded up the process by which I'll cut out the organization has morphed into a broad-based ideological movement, a shift in effect from the Dalodon to bin Ladenism. If Oshala believes in Christmas, this is what he'd want under his Christmas tree once held as a official told me. Another counterterrorism officials, I guess, that Iraq might begin to resemble Afghanistan 1996, a reference to the year that Bin Laden sees on Afghanistan a chaotic failed state as his new base of operations. Even Kenneth Pollock, one of the nations leading experts on Iraq, whose book, The Threatening Store, in the case for invading Iraq, made the most authority of the case for overthrowing Sodom, as Shane says, my instinct tells me that the Iraq war has hindered the war on terrorism. You had to deal with Al Qaeda first, not Sodom. It had not crippled the Al Qaeda organization when we embarked on the Iraq war. The damaged US interest is hard to overestimate. Rohana Guan-Ratha is to relank in their academic because regarded as one of the world's leading authorities on Al Qaeda, points out that sadness and anger about Iraq, even among moderate Muslims, is being harnessed and exploited by terrorists and extremist groups worldwide to grow and strike size and influence. Similarly, Vincent can't astrarle a former chief of counterterrorism of the CIA under President George Herbert Walker Bush says the Iraqi war accelerated terrorized and by metastasizing Al Qaeda. Today Al Qaeda is more than the narrowly defined group that attacked the US on September 11, 2001. It is a growing global movement that's been energized by the war in Iraq. My school in WFU idiot, you goof all. And isn't this exactly one of the things that the Michael Moore pointed out in the movie, 11,000 troops in Afghanistan, we should have had 150,000 troops there, not in Iraq. If we really serious about capturing Osama, Yaman and all is other, they really kind of makes you wonder if we're really all about serious about getting them, you know? You have to wonder what kind of conversation he was having with Bandar Bush there in September 13, 2001, as Bandar was a drick in his fine wines and spoken as big fat stovies out on the balcony at the White House. And I wonder what was being discussed. You know, one of the light moments in a movie when the Taliban were visiting Crawford, in spring 2001, for that pipeline deal. And a woman was bitching at the Taliban represented. A woman and a woman, I'm not how to help you out in there, but she had some kind of a smoth as she put like pretend she had a berk and she covered a head with it and says, this is what you do to your women, shame on you. And he said, maybe it's some kind of crack about boy, I sure hate to be your husband, have to put a gun. Yeah, that was a music, it was cute. There's a few lives in there, so they even have two solid hours of constipation and it's heavy, but there's a few good chuckles in it. And hopefully we got some other people who saw it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, be pound 5, 6, do you, on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQA and hello. Good, you sure. It's good to talk to you. I've been a long time, Mr. I'm up here in Tampa. Oh, I'm so sorry. Well, yeah, I remember the good old days on WFQN. Yeah. But anyhow, I wanted to report to you. I've been listening to last few days. I saw the movie Sunday night. Right. And the theater was packed. It was so well. You know, these red mechs up here. Yeah. It was a big turnout, you know, considering. And everybody clapped at the end of the movie. I mean, it got a pretty well received. And we even went with a friend of ours who, you know, she did all the, you know, cause herself a Republican, all of a sudden. Well, like the last part is good. Yeah. Well, in the other scene, you know, she walked out of their wide eye. And especially, you know, I think more than that free well with that mother who's child that died over there. Right. And that scene where that rabbit right when he comes up to her and then cause her a shell cause her, that says she's faking it off. That character punch, you know, to a lot of people. And I wish you to give it her up punch right now. Well, you know, I kind of thought something like that was coming. But, you know, the woman had class and restrained and that movie. It's just relentless with the way it doubles you with the facts. And it's, um, I don't see it as plain facts and loose with the truth. I mean, it's, uh, well, I should mention it. I'm better. I might do may. I want to mention it again. For anybody who must be in the show. If you go to our website, they knew why it is. Come. There's the thing from the Michael Moore website where he responds to a Michael and he says he's a cop in Newsweek who put a bunch of crap in the magazine this week. He responds point five point. Laser right out there for you and there are no no questions to be left. Yeah, and it is true that we're for it sucks and it's cold. There wasn't that beautiful. What a classy guy man. Have a great day, Parv. Good luck and happy you'll need it. But you liked that. Your pack in the town. But that was what that article said the other day. One of the 100 that I read about. Even in Yahoo places like Chattanooga and in the fate, Bill Lawrence Carolina and all these other places. They're pack in a minute. So you try to go three different times. You try to get tickets for you couldn't get in. Yeah, it couldn't go at all. Yes, it's three different shows. Well, I'll apologize because for last week I was bitching out those people in Bauders and I was only shown to three theaters here. You're right. How come it's not shown at 15 theaters there? It should be at everyone. Right. When it's shown at five theaters in Palm Beach County, Illinois and three in freaking, There's something really rotten in Denmark, okay? Let's be the guy I'm had something to do with that. But in any way, you know, if it's that packed, if it continues being that packed, it'll be around a while. Let's stay over a few weeks, right? Definitely. Because I'm going to go in, I don't know which day, but I'm going to go see it again. Because the first time I went just to absorb it. Just to see it absorb it, appreciate it. And now the next time I'm going to have to go in the kind of like homework. You know what I mean? Take notes. Yeah, I'm not really taking notes actually, but like take metal notes to different things, you know, talking points, whatever it is. Anyway, WQA and hello. Yes, man. Am I calling WQA? Yes, man, we're speaking Neil. Okay, great. Hi, Neil. How are you? Good. I'm a mom and wife, and my mom and wife. Right? And it was pretty upset to have a movie over the weekend. It was a packed house in progress. The thing that I think of that me the most was the recruitment situation. And how they try to target the public. For kids, it's not really happening. I've heard of them. And I just want to tell you that it's very true because my son is going to be a senior in high school this year. And the day after he finished the 11th grade, we got a phone call from the Marine Corps. Why do you speak to him? Why do you try to recruit him? Why do you have high school? Telling me how the benefits is during the Marine can be asked to know how I felt about it. And this is way before the movie started. And I said, I'm totally against them. I've never called this house again. He doesn't meet your money. They try to focus on all the money that they're going to give you. By joining the military. And all the benefits are not having to go on the front lines. It's better, etc. Like I believe what they say anyway. Yeah. And it's just unbelievable how big it away with this. I can't imagine that push could ever get real. I can't imagine this. Yeah, hard to believe. Very. Okay, hang in there. Keep up to good work. Thanks a lot. Yeah, overall, our good body is basically what she's trying to say. That's when they're going to get her son. And of course, you notice Michael Morris on Townsland, Michigan. What they said probably the real number because so many people have put, given up looking for a job 50% on employment. 50% that's terrible. Didn't they say it was more than that now? No, 50%. I mean, the actual stat I think was like 25 or 30 some like that. But if you factor in the number of people who's given up looking for a job, 50% just follow your form there, Josh, relax. But I don't think you're ever going to be the same. It's like we've pressured you into leaving the fantasy world, whatever whatever we might be. In the like, just just putting one till into the real world. There's no pressure. I'm just not doing it right now. There is a lot of pressure. Okay, it's coming right from here. Okay, by long distance, but nevertheless, we need air racing. We can't afford after the crepty pull last time around. I'm going to be lean and we'll have you on some people I know there that, and I'll be there in November when it lets you go. I'm voting at least 23. One quick thing before the break. Did I put this, I think I put it on our website. Bush's in trouble will have been law and bail them off from the Frettersburg Regeneratory Line Start. I think I did. But it shows, this was from townpain.com. I was trying to remember the other day. In fact, for a long time, I've been trying to remember when this first came up. And then it was in New York Times. It's a picture of Osama pointing, I want you to invade Iraq. It says, as it proper was brilliant as commentary on the probable effects of it of a macavasion. And we have Bushed it exactly what he wanted. There was Osama pointing, I want you to invade Iraq from townpain.com. And show now, I want you to invade Iraq. Hello, this is Jerry. If you know, what would be this thing to earn, you knew I was a one-two-round. I'm conducting a moment when they would shout, I want you here just to be naked. Finally, I have the show all of them myself. Ooh, look at my profile. In this photo here, the mountains, they play baseball. What are you here to play? What are you here to play? This is where my genitals are. Let's do it. I'm not going to go to the top. I'm not going to go to the top. I'm not going to go to the top. Look at this. Now get this. I was out the whole way, see. And I saw that pretty little fish out there. Yeah. And I glanced at it, his face. I don't think it can say that. I got that way. Which people you spin in his face? Yeah. Like this. Ah, what? What did you mean? Because I felt like that's why. I think you're going to have some nice videos. But you're a nasty, very cute. And I want to know if one's a so far at it. So I'll take care of how you went for it. Ooh, I believe that's the middle. And one is also a happy old. Ooh, ooh, ooh. Why you spin in a little huff. What the hell do you know? Because I know it's because I know I got a lousy show. Recreate those. Well, that's when I go. Re-create the end of the thing I have. And I'll come alive here. All I give me. Let's live there. Yeah. You're going to do for a while, you. I know what the shit is going to do. No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! One, two, three, five, sixty, nobody's here. A lot of place, maybe, we're kicking ass. We're killing them. So, nice to see how we're just doing it. You are Supreme Court. You're going to like this story, is that? Well, I mean, it's not a little step in a right direction. I'm not going to say, John, you're like it because he's busy filling up that form right now. Yeah, yes. Is he? Yes. No, he's not. You want to Supreme Court to your medical marijuana case. Actually, what he's probably doing is fill out another form for the ticket to Fencing for his latest, whatever, 80 and a 15. That's what he's doing. The Supreme Court said yesterday, it will consider whether sick people of smoke pot on a doctor's order are subject to a federal ban on marriage or wini. How do you like that? There are another example of how some countries that I want to mention any in particular are like moving forward some and other countries are going back to the dark. So, the US, the US, the British, the different, the marijuana, the British, the marijuana. The Court agreed to hear the Bush administration's appeal of a case in law-slice. We're involving two California women who say marijuana is the only drug that helps alleviate their chronic pain. Another medical problem is the high court will hear the case sometime next winter. It was among eight new cases the court added to his calendar for the coming term. The court term is expected to win this week. The marijuana case came to the Supreme Court after the San Francisco based 19-way circuit Court of Appeals ruled in December that a federal law outlawing marijuana doesn't apply to California patients who is doctor's at prescribed the drug. It's two to one decision you feel, Scourth said. Prosecuting medical marijuana uses under the federal control, control substance, and the legal substance is unconstitutional. It is unconstitutional if the marijuana is not sold transported to Christ's headlines or used for non-medicidal purposes. I mean the idea that people are going to have to suffer, they're going to hear the case in a winter, sometime next winter. While people are in pain, suffering because the US wants to continue being in a stone page, not to stone the age, but to stone age. Like the deal in California where they passed their own law there in California, and the DEA when they're in the rest of them and they're trying to put that one guy in jail for life. That's what the judge found me throughout the uh-huh. Scraising. Judge Harry Priggerson wrote the appeals court majority that's smoking pot in the advice of a doctor who is different in time from drug trafficking. The court added that this limited use is clearly a mistake from the broader illicit drug market that wicked weed. And it's appeal of the justice is the government argue that state laws making exceptions for medical marijuana are trumped by federal drug laws. Yeah right. See what it's convenient for them. These right-wingers talk about states' rights when it's convenient. One in one of them, let's take away the rights of local or you dark folks. Things like that, states' rights. But when it's not convenient, well federal law, Trump's state rights, any day, okay, and just don't be messing with the DEA. And speaking of the Supreme Court, see, people said this last time and nobody paid any attention. I'm all they're going to say at once. No members would want to put a point. Three Supreme Court justice is. Don't we have a different candidate? Can we like theory, place, carry, this week? I mean, you know, that was fun. It was okay. Made a lot of jokes about them. But now we're going to have like a real serious candidate. Yeah. They put a coup on. Yeah, I don't know. At the convention, maybe. Maybe this is just a beaten switch to all of them in a substance of security. And then we'll put a real candidate, a live person in there. The first social act, 30 points ahead. But turn man. There hasn't been a new appointment to the US Supreme Court in almost 10 years. The longest the court has ever gone without change. But guess what boys and girls, change is common. Just like sheep boats. Does it come in? Come with that song? Yep. Seep boats? Change is coming. If you care about the future of this country, you will cast your presidential vote. This November release Supreme Court above all of the things in mind. Because US Supreme Court chief, as this William Rengkwist is adopting old fart 79 years old, a real fathom that the very ever has been one, has been on the court for 32 years. Associates just as John Paul Stevens is 84. He's been on the court for 20 million. Associates just as San Radio Connor, that which is 74, she's been on the court for 20 free excruciating years. Although, instead of all she has a lucid moment, but very rarely. Supreme Court justice is our course appointed for life. It is not unusual for justice to serve 20 or 20 years. Years or more, what is the examples above it says. As life expectancy increases, the tenure of justice is likely increases as well. Parents token Thomas was confirmed as a justice in the age of just 43. It says, don't be surprised if he remains on the court for 40 years or more. So the new, whoever wins in November, could be in office to appoint tree new judges on the Supreme Court. So if I do women out there, what will lose you right to choose? If you want to be forced to have a baby, that you don't want. If you want to have the government sticking in over the agenda, well, by all means, then vote for Bush. Not to mention all the other issues that the Supreme Court decides all the time. And new people, if you're real happy about the fact that as matter of fact, keep in mind that now, flesh would as tremendous latest victory on the indecency Bill in the Senate that passed 99 to one, and only John Bro of Louisiana who's going to terminate ends this year anyway. Who's the lame duck? Only he voted against it. Fresh with that ammunition now, the people I Sam Brown back in the other Nazis there. You know that they're not going to stop until you have the power to control what's on cable. And what's on satellite radio and television? And so all your people are paying for mal-cable now. You can watch the Supreme, which you can watch very poppins. And lastly, in bandicoom home, and the 700 Club, and all those shows from packs network. So just keep those things in mind, okay? Just mention them in passing. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, 50, 80, 80 and T line. WDQM, hello. Leo, what's up, are you doing? Yes, sir. I want to take the movie on Sunday. The one part of the movie that brought children to my spine was when you saw George Prussian as a product judge in the fucking airplane. And he told us to directly get the cameras as I'm going to take Florida. No, yeah. And like he, like in his brother was there's a mind who like, yeah, he's like, like, like, they had a blast. Yeah, well, both have that shit. They even run on their face, right? Yeah, so for you to, really, I think, I think the reason why Kerry and Bush are like, almost five. Not too many people know what Kerry's about yet. I think it's because the fact that he's mad out talking out, you know, I hope to guide that you know, when the election gets closer, you'll be more wild and made it more, you know, well out there, so people go see what he's, you know, what his views are and what he's going to be standing on for like my wife, my wife. He's Bush, but she said that she doesn't know nothing about Kerry to offer him. And I told her that if I could, you know, which is a thing, I'll find that a little one, you said she will, and I'll find it to pick it to tonight. Please. Okay, good job, Kelly. All right. Thanks. Let's say here's one of says congratulations on kicking the, I'm continuing to kick tail with your wings. Kick ass. Act them. Here's a small grip and spy report. It says, my daughter, who I am herself was seeing discussing hot dogs on the Atlanta House of West Game Show, needless to say it took me only a few seconds to start feeling you and change the channel after seeing that which on TV. Since you doing ratings today, could you mention then, what does it say? Say, I can't read that. So we owe, oh, then, so I owe. So I owe me ratings, please, the so I won has been spouting off that he's the most listen to radio sportscaster in Florida. Oh, my God, the most listen to radio sportscaster in Florida. He's out there coming 50 different stations in Florida and he's adding them all together. MSBN. It's probably the whole thing. Also, what song is the bit phone lines said to? What is that mean? What feels that? I don't know what, Trevor. I don't know what you're talking about, Trevor. P.S. could you put the summer schedule on your website? I missed yesterday show because I thought it was Jorge going to be on. That's a little shot at George there, but as a really good idea, we ought to put the summer schedule on there, Eric. That would be a real good idea. Starting next Monday. George is on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. I'm on Tuesday and Thursday, so we're like, I tell about August 26, and whatever that is, end of August. And it's just fine, you know? Or we're fine. So let's say Dan Silion, our Tennessee, I don't know. I think he's on the during Howard's hours. Five days. But we don't get an hour by hours, you know, is it only like a morning? Yeah, he's on a, yeah, he'd be the morning. Because this is just a trend out of complete book. If I can never find a boy, this is a mess. And so sorry, the driver that you asked me there. Let's see, six to 10 am. Now we want to see men, right? Because Jorge shows it so well. It's a men thing. It's a guy thing. Yes. I'm not going to have people play slot machines. It's like that. So guys, we all guys, real men. Guys who are like Republicans, like Mad Dog. Let's see, many team plus mole and guilty and Joe. They got the six to 10 am, a four, six to number five. Moving on up. Like to Jefferson's man. Moving on up. Now what is he on? He on Fox. Yes. And not on the second page. Certainly not on the first page. They just mentioned it in passing. Many team plus. I'm looking on the third page. We're WRF. I don't see it on the third page. Holy cow. Let's turn to page to the fourth page. Oh, look at that. He's moving it up, baby. In winter book, that is 0.5 in February, March and April and a. Oh, my six and now. We're dancing silly old board. They got a, oh, old point eight. They're number 27 out of 30. Three listed. That's not bad. Yeah, they're moving on up, baby. And let's see, what's that other group called Carl, but end of foster? Yeah. I'm actually that's not even in here. In fact, I'll also bet you. I'll bet you great. We're going to write now. Or go to that WFT. I'll listen here, though. In the morning, many team plus. Who knows that? That's a 50. Who's on the morning with it? We know. Not no clue. For the first time they actually made some inroads in there. They actually showed up in the book. Well, I'll bet you that Bill or Ronnie, I bet you he ain't on there. Because, uh, we'll see. I'll pour through it. So like I said, thanks for asking me to go. But don't do it again. One 13 and five, 60. But if you have nobody wants to think about cancer or heart disease as far as your own body is concerned. But your, yourself and your family to be sure that you're in good health. You can never be positive. It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well. The treatment, but you have to be taken early. Hollywood, that's not to center. Can't help you do that. They've proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy, which is a lot less intrusive than the traditional method, by the way. They're coronary hearts for we can fill body, screening exams. They're just like a virtual trip right through your body. That can detect cancer of the life 13 diseases in their early stages. A doctor's before is needed. I was there a few weeks ago. It's like a miracle. It doesn't take a lot of time just a few minutes out of your time. You really have to be fully naked, which in my case is a bonus. For all your imaging exams call Hollywood, that's not just a set of it nine five four. 966 3600 for the test that really can be a lifesaver. And another thing that you can be a clean bill of health. I got it can give you tremendous peace of mind too. If Hollywood diagnostics set early off, if you're still in the imaging, you can come move with open MRI, high speed cats can't look their medicine and much much more. Hollywood diagnostics set early in the minstering community for over 20 years. And if facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service, that can come right to you, for example, if you found break a leg, something like that. Call Hollywood diagnostics set a red nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred for those imaging exams today. It could be like I said before a lifesaver call nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred five six five six five six six three four five two eight. And it's before by the deepest Nike to Cleveland Cavaliers and Haynes underwear. So what's up? This is a Ron James giving it a love. I'm a back and ball. Pina on Aquarine, Ohio. My stone tires for your car truck or SUV. You know, my own tires run run. Now the Ohio state athletic association, can't suspend me for the rest of the season. Oh man, all right. And declare me unintelligible. Because I accepted two old school sports jersey. Oh, come on. What? I don't understand what the hell I don't roll. All right, most people. I got last of birthdays during the county. You know what people like to give me things like this. You have to twist a twist on a great thing. Right, right, right, right. Anyway, drink Pepsi. I'm just a normal 18 year old high school student who just happened to drive a 50,000 dollar. I don't get the whole big thing. Chicken wings. I may still go to college. All right, that's the moment when you check this one. And unnamed schoolness nestled in the bluegrass area. I'm not going to open up the penthouse of Parmille. I'm a penthouse. Parrilla. And a lifetime subscription to a penthouse. I'm a penthouse. I'm a aeroport like a scene bag. His deal. He's not institution in the heart of the triple hill area. Which will go unnamed. They may be under the hat me. They have boxed up and sent to me a naked Russian woman that rep from Russia. Which I keep from our old boy, right? I have an unpacker here, but she's knocking, screaming and whatnot. I have my boy type right here, puts it in the garage with my box of pooper hands from a unnamed university. Co-sian associated with a whole green. Metapsackers, buy it back. They're locked. They're all right. Garage is spillin' over. Anyways, I got to get back to class now with my boys. We gotta go, we gotta go. I already missed like three months so far. Oh snap, I just built my PC twice on my new Hugo Boss. You look at this, I got a little McDonald's special sauce on it. Oh, by the way, come on a party. It was a big Mac. We're for a limited time. You visit one party, Spiderman. That was a big Mac. You didn't know if a 35-bit. That was a birthday party. It's a birthday party. It's a birthday. Yeah, peace out. We're proceeding business in 24 by Footlocker. An unneed university in the Nutmeg State. And they're coming to camp. 20 after one and five, 60 WFM. He'd be something else doing it. I thought it was real. Did you really? Knowing what Ron James, yeah, Ron. Israel? Israel. I wonder, we ought to do a pull on that one day. Who's the biggest celebrity who's a wall-time? We'll just talk to everything on TV and everywhere you see. LeBron, Tiger. Yeah. There's a talk to the other. I'll take you to Danny Boys in there. Oh yeah, he's in there. Danny is in there. I think more of a soft Florida kind of thing. But Danny Boys, he's available. He's about, what about, I should turn her gloves. Like I said, Danny Boys, I must, maybe we'll do that tomorrow. Anyway, here's some bad news. Armageddon recall former military members. So don't tell me that they're lying again. The Army has prepared you to notify about 5,600. We've cared in this charge soldiers who are not members of the National Guard or reserve. That they will be involuntarily called a active duty for possible service in Iraq, Afghanistan. The Army said today. Are you following that? Yep. These are retired and were discharged soldiers who are not members of the Guard or reserve. But, I guess what? I thought you were out while we put you back in. Just like Michael Corrione. Just when you thought you were out, we pulled you back in. It marks the first time the Army is called on the individual ready to reserve as this category of Reservuses known as substantial numbers since 1991, go for it. But of course keeping in mind that yesterday we had the hand over. We thought that they're going to start like taking care of them. You know, it's kind of like the optimization like they're talking to me in a more. Yeah sure. Right. A myth. The move reflects the continued shortage of troops available to Ramespell. The fight behind going war on terrorism as well as Operation Iraqi Freedom. Lieutenant General Frank Hayden, back the Army's deputy chief is there for personnel set earlier this month. Of the Army's troops, frankly, are stretched, but we have what we need. Pentagon officials of Echo that the statement explained in that while the military's reaching deep in which resources World Plan is of long had contingency plan such as this for when troops are really needed as in right now as in this moment. Too bad we didn't send a thousand of these people into Afghanistan when it happened. Now we understand what it would chase all those guys around in the parking lots in Flint and the movie Josh. Yeah. That was almost embarrassing. I mean, it's a young guy like 16, 17, 18, and they've just go flying. Perfect. Grab by the neck. A Americano Sam is looking for you, man. Your company needs you. And they got all the BS and we're going to train you in this and train you how to do They're all jacking about your team, you know. Yeah. That's just going to test you. What give your free cast it? We just want the public see and it when it comes back. Right. By the way, I just checked in here some exciting news. I hope that Tom Jick and Glenn Garb and all the other softflora radio and TV and whatever may even they happen to be or claim to be. I hope you're listening right now. Bill O'Reilly. Is this almost as good as a drum roll, okay? I'm going to do it because it's your side. I'm going to put it in the front side. It's your side. This is your side. You're not stuck all over your nose. They're rushing about while they're being. Bill O'Reilly finally broke the bank. He finally showed up in the Arbitron for South Florida. Wow. That's the good news for him. The bad news is the number from 10 a.m. The same time as Rush noon to three somewhere near. They had a 0.2, okay? Dead last. But nevertheless it's on there. They're number 800 dammit. A 0.2. And then amazing that somebody would all the, you know, the Fox News network and all the books that have been written about him and all the attention he gets. He's got a 0.2 in the market. Is that good? Yeah, that's great. That means the two rooms where you guys are sitting there right now. Yep. You can have his whole audience in there and have room for an orgy for, you know, some serious people coming in there. You can have room for the Chinese Army left over. You can have room for fat boys and black don't in there. We should say in a lot. Although it's exiting there, I like I said. It's not much or less. A 0.2. So congratulations, Bill O'Reilly. I'll spin all the time. All the yes. All bull crap. WQM hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. How are you today? Pretty good. How you doing? I'm doing great. Just a couple things. I went to the fund.org. How far you last night. Right. And I had never seen you this morning. I don't know if you've gotten any calls. But one of the things that did is, you know, Michael Moore addressed us after words. It was like a conference call. And one of the things he said was that although he voted for later last time, he was spoken with later and asked me not to run. And just first just FYI. And the parts done is good. But the other thing I wanted to add was. Crompti. I can't even jump over as the conservative shows. Just the look. What's on my guy. The spin makes put on it. Yeah. I know. So yesterday this was a cracky. He had noticed that he wanted to see the movie. There are a high nine, 11 last week and with his wife. But he didn't want to give Michael Moore any money for his ticket. So what he did is he bought a ticket to write check. So whatever the other movie was. And then went to the theater and he was urging all his audience. So the movie. But not my ticket for. Which of course is illegal and on it. They're just like his pillpuffing mentor. There is always always point to everybody else's. Is criminal and everybody else's of the generous. But at the meantime, what it comes to them. Plains fast and loose with a lot of making up a single level. Right. I've found that amazing. Or do you know audience? Why do you know these? And then talking to the nine 11. what they're saying and it's been a few a lot better because they should be like a one of those things and you have to walk through something and yeah yeah the towel how many people are going is these people are just making and the theater basically to see. Well you're pleased to know I'm just looking at these new ratings that came out and Mr. Schmidt my stereotypes drop from number one in the winter book to number six in the next trend and now down the number time for a three point I've never been like a rock. That's wonderful. That's a good thing. Thanks a lot. How do you like that? Well it comes to being fair and balanced and ethical and whole year than now but everybody else and top and a whole bunch of all. That's the right wing man. How do you why would you and the afternoon in men five seven to a four three and now this one down to three nine. Dropping and dropping and dropping. So maybe the fact that they spit it all and they talk a lot of crap. Maybe people are getting tired of that. Or maybe some of the people to the left of it's all behind. Find the got some diary. By the time. Twenty seven after one at five sixty WKWM or the heat of summer here right now and man you talk about heat. I'm here in South Florida's about 147 degrees in the shade. Now it's a great time to get out of that car you've been driving get yourself into a great new Toyota from arm strong Toyota homestead. Your final on US one just one minute top of the thirty six and well both you drive because they're going to save you literally thousands of great new Toyota's and with rising gas prices maybe you'd like to get a car of more fuel economy. The legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just eleven ninety or least it for just two or nine a month. Need a great to it for the college or high school grand. How about the Toyota Echo these prices just one ninety nine. Need a truck to be six or a ton of regular cab. You can be least for just two thirty nine a month. Like I said, look at her the hottest new cars around. Check out the Corolla XRS and solar convertible now and stock at armstrong Toyota homestead. The family owned an operated they're wonderful folks to do business with their service to properties in over night to late week nights to make sure they get all your service worked on for you. And armstrong Toyota homestead was the first to offer you free tires and batteries for life and now they're the first to offer free replacement parts for life. That's correct. tires, batteries and free parts for life. Nobody else know where is be doing that. So instead of wasting time and gas grab it with the big mega dealers who shout and scream and get you to their dealership or false premises. Permanent promises premises. In other words, why like crazy. Get yourself over the armstrong Toyota homestead today for an unbeatable deal. See David Rich the GM there and say what ton of cash on the Green New Toyota today only at armstrong Toyota homestead. I hate the resort to torture but you leave me no alternative. Hold him down and put up phone until it's here. No no no. It is this but that says you have reached great things and demos. We'll go to be put on hold until you lose your mind and slam the phone down. Press one. No please. To be gentle someone. Tell you your prescription is not covered. Press two. This is a new one to talk to someone. Automatically deny your claim. Press three. You're violating the city of the city of the city of the city. You're going to agree with a great statement. A general representative will make you repeat everything twice and then accidentally hang up on you. Press one more. Havugar Red. Homestead of no two man dog is to the Hapar Red for briefly and then we got the crow five to the kitchen right for baseball. What about that's all about moving the hate scrub to an early engagement. Possibly. We've got a couple of feedings. Oh speaking of feedings, another great part in the training center. The downtown rural area is this will be shown a group you don't remember that I don't I think Josh thought different moving I think Josh was watching when the swim went black and ever came back on again you don't remember that no I don't or the guy who they came to his house in a check because of the books he was reading the library which is a circular than I still I'm gonna do here I guess you must have done have to take a leek during night part right yeah would drive back anyway hell on Missouri rights in defense of the right to read without your persecution what a concept now that they hold the freedoms in our rack and actually have a talk radio show what a guy where they can not fart on the radio isn't that nice and I'm gonna imagine doing a lot of that these days when you all the syrups and privacy rights has me on age hell and rights notwithstanding a first person commentary in the Sunday newspaper I generally amortist post to take it information and it provided it's this orientation it's made me nervous like any responsible journalist I try to do my research and anticipate the last Friday's release of documentary filmmaker Michael Morris fair night 911 a sweeping liberal indictment of the Bush administration and its war in Iraq I started reading I bought some news magazines I surfed the way I look over the current notification on on fiction block part is garbage or carcant Bob Woodward I rented Morris 2001 anti gun documentary bowling for colabine and I borrowed several items from the library including some video tapes on the history of Islam and some documentaries about 911 and Osama bin Laden for several nights I made tea I come in here to remote and settled in for some inspiration it never occurred to me that I was doing anything suspect and even committing anything other than reasonable journalism until a friend wrote that I shouldn't be surprised to find my name on somebody's list I'll list I could be on somebody's list unfortunately my friend was not referring to a list kept by say Antonio Banderer so the fuel is a price committee he made an intelligence list a Eugene McCarthy type FBI or CIA persons of interest type list for half my friends existed we've been in interest in national best sellers and ancient battles of the Ottoman Empire could make me interested in bureaucrats the implication was that my quest for information could potentially cause trouble for me using this logic my friend and I asked you to aim that the best way to stay out of this trouble to remain uninteresting to those who have the power to win convenience or frighten me would be to avoid seeking knowledge about a particular subject in other words to remain ignorant could that really be the American way on speaking of that the American way can be pleased to know that a little bit of work not too much let's see what he'll say are we did this that's the American way in a good good very good that's the American way anyway she says is ignorance to no patriotism these steps up in prisons on privacy were kickstarted in the friends of national solidarity and vulnerability but he was paid to act passed by congressman at month after nine eleven in part the act allows intelligence agency secret access to library check out and booster records and if prohibits those bodies mooding papers or their lawyers it shows the seeking of information lawyer and book shop Santa Cruz vice president Ryan Cuddy says the government can request these records to a secret court that doesn't allow the bookster to tell anybody about it or fight it the Santa Cruz city county libraries policy is the shred checkup records once the borrower's return the materials a library and it told me but commercial establishments such as books to another vendors cannot provide that security is maintaining transaction sales records unnecessary accounts for business to keep it affects the freedom to read coonerty says in nineteen eighty nine when the Iranian iotola command you should a fat while or death or to forget novelist some unresty for his fanciful portrayal of the muslim prophet Mohammed and the satanic verses some large outlets to carry the book were vandalized and response and stories pulled the book from their shelves remember interviewing the owner of a small independent bookstore a moral bromassad to sit to man which served as a soldier in wdw two he told me quite unacrificly that he put his life online to defend such rights as the freedom of speech and he wouldn't be cowd years later by those who are threatened those rights with violence she says now that's the kind of paper that I can get behind pretty amazing like i said if you're one of those anti war piece of the kind of groups in your center on eating chocolate chip cookies and brainstorming where you're going to be marching around with your placards the next day you better watch out because you never know who might be infiltrating your organization don't forget join w qm and a marlin seven o'clock tonight at the house on federal highway just south of open park boulevard stop by for prizes from billiard and marlin and the mermaid now they have better prices than the usual crappy qm price do that while we're talking about that's what we're talking about cram it's a marlin's wife party seven o'clock tonight at the four-border day of ill house nah shithead animals boy If you go and have twist voice and a thicker giste I might be Liberal Top And when your ren free No Yuko yotayokiKefin in and on Like you violts And I know by kindaagram Bynt like i said you Excul yougot Qn I feel just like that you are my kid to murder and we're ready to murder. That's why you are so bad by it. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm on it, show me what you do in it. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. But what a run.