a raki control. When it's the American Stone, keep me safe. Ready's under gonna be one more grave in Iraq. Yeah, here in Iraq. As soon as they put me in the dark, I will crawl in the jail as Iraq. My people can hardly wait to make me pay. Just like they did with a day in Jose. Only one way to try and over my foes. Now, Johnny Cagre, no more, Margara goes to Iraq. Yeah, they come to Iraq. With my cell and gun to stay in Iraq. What's all they get to the jail, how's it at? Maybe if I'm lucky I can come a bleed. Maybe I can even feel it saying to me. I must have been crazy to get into this war. It's like trying to steal Donat from Michael Moore, Iraq. Yeah, he is the rock. Michael will soon be on the block. And I will die in the jail as Iraq. Die as the jail as Iraq. Die as the jail as Iraq. All Black Radio 10-1 at 5-60WQAM happy Thursday. I think what we have to do for four hours today in honor of what's going on in town is just the three of us take turns in. Check. Check. Check. There you go. And what's going to happen? Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. He's a little bit. He's a little bit. Yeah, that's right. You got to beat that man. I'll tell you. I got to die. I bet you had his head weighs about 150 pounds. Well, got to. You mungus head. That's about all I know. I couldn't care less about. Check. Well, one way or the other. It's really tragic. It's a sad commenter in the human. On the subhuman race. But hey, it's something for these guys to talk about. Got to all starbreak, no Marlon games. There's the good news is the two next Thursdays. We got Marlon games. Oh, right. And of course that'll be a great opportunity during the 1230 do whatever three segments. For the audience to get a real sniff of Al Franken on air America. See, I want to promote the algorithm. Exactly. Here that for the first time. Yeah, they won't need their snooze alarm no more. Man, talk about going into a coma. Good intentions. But you know what they say about those, don't you? Nope. Uh, yeah. Something to do with shack. Here's George is pole for me yesterday. And in fact, the one we're taking today is also very hostile. You give people, especially in the hot, early, solitary days of summer, the smoke out there in the glades. And it did just a whole thing as a mess. Mosquitoes is big as bowling balls. People are not real happy campers. So they need a chance to like vent a little bit. Check. Shack. Shack. See you. Who should be a contestant on silver? Ha ha ha ha. Celebrity. Russian roulette. That's our pole question yesterday with a little Georgian. Josh. Shrimp brain. OJ Simpson. 501. How do you like that? They hate you like push. They wish you blow your brain down. In fact, if you want pull a trigger they will. It will be lined up. Can you imagine the lineup? Wow. They be lined up all the way to Bangor main. Hunter bucks a ticket. From Kendel to Bangor main. Maybe line up a thousand bucks a ticket just to have the golden opportunity. Roll OJ's into oblivion. Krend. Bangor where? Rush Limbaugh was in I second 321 in Kendel. Rosio Donald 170. They're not too far to you fat. Rosino met a what you're a song in a dancing. Finger painting, baby. Just obnoxious. She is just disgusting. Sean Hannity 93. Chuck has been 82. What a surprise they haven't forgotten. He's forgotten about them but they haven't forgotten about you. Son of a bitch. Old Chuck. Dennis Miller 62 whose unpopularities increasing every minute of every day. John and Melissa. 10 Melissa Rivers. I noticed they're lumped in together now. 46 like mother liked water. Turn on the home shopping channel. They're there waiting for you. Red Ders 41. A lot of people used to like for it. Ders now he's taken a turn for the worst. Yeah, we hate them. Paris Hilton a skanking those bitch 38. Have you seen a personal video, George? You know I keep thinking about today that guy called in. Oh, some of you head rows out there. Man you just a me. You know, again, it's just flapping your face to think. I mean, I know you're a desperate at times. But something that you could be that desperate. They you'd watch that skanky slot. Yeah. God. So I didn't want to watch or do anything. Maybe Laura brains. I really paid for that one. We had a showing in here. I showing of one. The video. Somebody. Oh, it means though. You know, I sold tickets. And all you don't have to ask me about in that building. I mean, any building where Ron Jeremy would be greeted like a superstar. That tells me everything I need to know. Mel Gibson 24 Joe Scarborough 15. That one of my favorites. I may be one of the 10 people who occasionally watch his MSNBC, but not through any 10 to 11 hour. Will Smith 15 tied with Joe Scarborough. Same person. Kid Rock 10. Shack has got. Look at that. Shack already has got the I votes. How about your Robert Reapers all excited about. Yeah. Robert Downey Junior 8. Kenny Loggins for David Lee Raw 3. Tom Cruise has got 3. Another one turned from we used to like me was okay. It was harmless. Did some good movies. Rain man born on the 4th of July. Any other ones? No. Last time I wasn't that. And what about the one with the. What's his name? Clark Brandon all of that crowd. And John Sockwell. Oh, dude. What is it? Losing it. Yeah. That was cute. I mean, what I did. He was cute. Right. On the Colkidman 2, right under Tom Cruise, where she wishy she would have spent a lot more time, but it wasn't in the cards. And then full river bird one out of 14 hours almost 50 number votes. Nice going George. He had a stomach on the pulse of South Florida. They hate you name it. They hate it. That's right. Here's something a little more on the positive side. The 4th annual Pet Rescue Benefit has come up this on age 18. A Charlie Hollyfield sent a facts. Would we promote this major charities abandoned per rescue whom we love. And other charities will also benefit our with pets. I'm going to say it again. Anybody who doesn't like dogs. You're on my Schmitt list for life. I just I don't relate to it. I don't understand it. The Chinese like a lot. Yeah. With relish. I don't give me started on the Chinese. Okay. The just. Oh, that's us. They well, they've been repressed for so long. You know, they're just bursting out all over. This Sunday July 18th, the 4th annual Pet Rescue Benefit will be at Sloppy Joe's beach Place. 17 South Florida, they'll beach Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale. There'll be doorwaffled prizes. They fitty fitty drawing whatever that is. Um, karaoke entertainment vibe. Liz Bennett Productions. Oh, that one. If she's related to Liz Welch. Guess Bartender's from all around the hood. And Raffle tickets are on sale right now. The grand prize will be four days. We night get away at the super clubs, breezes in the Bahamas, no less. In Bahamas. Yeah. For tickets and sponsorship information, contact Charlie Riddett. Riddett at nine five four. Rock solid. You think that this got a lot of plan to show. That's that old newsman. Now that I got a lot of solid. In fact, I think you say. What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what. What, what, what. You rock, you know, so I say. Rock, solid. Oh, God, is he, grow test. Anyway, Charlie would have called nine five four. Five six four eighty eight sixty. Diane Schmidt. Nine five four two eight eight forty three ninety four or Kim Stevens nine five four eight one five twenty six nine. Or guess you can just contact Sloppy Joe's beach place. At nine five four five two two seventy five fifty three. It's coming up this side of July 18 to six p.m. In Fort Lauderdale, all you a dog and animal lovers out there, please. Pretty please go and have mouth. Behind the meeting curtain, there we got. Ronda Scheer. Good picture to. I should point out an excellent picture. Don't forget to take a look at our booby to trap. At the Neo Rogers booby trap, we don't want to stay to QM because we know that they don't want to be associated with it in any way, share perform. No way. WQM hello. And how you doing? Okay. I guess something that's rock solid. Robert Bickler's a whole month. Go check. Rock solid. Oh, that's the best call of the year and it's only at middle of July. Holy cow, that was great. Wow. I think his information is rock solid. Anyway, Ronda Scheer, great picture in a course obviously goes back as from back in the day when she looked really hot. Yes. She was born November 12, 1954, so that makes her almost 50, another couple months. Her measurements as Miss Luzian, a 35, 22, 35 and then in 1997, I guess she was growing girl 36D, 25, 36 not to be confused with triple 34C or whatever she went. Always, I don't want to go into it. Here's her biography. Boy, it goes on that long. She's been in a few things, but on TV, she's been all over the place including the Howard Spurmshow. Silk stockings? Remember how much I liked that show a lot? Yes indeed. What was his name? I don't know. Ask Rita. But anyway, her movies, Prisoner Go Go, Love Bites TV series. This duration book bar, Don't Put Your Day Job. Earth Mine is Zero, Tender Loving Care. A song of the party nerds, too. Frog Town, too. Probably about Montreal. Legend of the rollerblade 7 rollerblade 7 space balls. A basic training, doing time. Party games for adults only and Galaxiana and JD's revenge. And a bunch of boys. Oh, a Zidian 1000. 50,000 TV appearances all over the place. So there she is. Ronda Sheer. If you're able to age a 55 and have plenty of ID to prove it. And about 15 relatives to bounce for you. Here's a very disturbing story. I guess I'll give today's poll right now. Okay? I. WQAM Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Pretty good sir. Did you have it? I noticed where the movie trap came from. The website is on the bottom there. I didn't see that. It's Mo Howard David's favorite. MilkyPirateDice.com. All right. Another day in Paradise. Thank you so much. Don't, don't, don't, don't. I don't forget, Scott, your mouse along our booby trap. Yeah. The reason I keep repeating that, I'm sure you do too. It's because a lot of guys probably are like clicking on here. And I see one that's pretty interesting. But you know, we guys all the fun they can have with it by clicking their mouse. It's, it's rective. Drag your mouse right along that row above all the rows. And then put it back in the house. Exactly. Put the mouse in a house. Which of these people here today's poll do you think is or was the most despised softwater personality of all time? You know what inspired me for the poll? I give up. Well, don't you remember on Tuesday I mentioned the Rikki Tiki Sanchez as departing will show when over like a sliced hollow off an earth poll. Right? And he's gone again for the umpteen time. Bye bye, Rikki. Rikki Tiki Sanchez only cast an over time joker. The only one's in town to keep kissing his ass. They must have something going. Anyway, most despised softwater personality of all time. Radio TV newspapers. In other words, personality can include a lot of territory. So I got on a poll for a start. Rik Sanchez and then for the old timers out there, Alan Courtney, who was a did talk radio in this town for about a hundred years. But uh, became the most just obnoxious crummudgeon. You know, you never heard him, did you? I heard you talk about him. That's all more actually heard him. Hmm. Nasty, meme old man. I mean, of course, I can understand a little bit of that when you do talk in South Florida for many, many years. Not good man. He was longer than that. He was the pioneer. No question about that. But he was a miserable old son, bitch. But uh, I can understand it gets to him. South Florida, Tazutendancy, like a make you like that. Like that. Yeah. As opposed to friendly and civilized, like some other places that I might be sitting in right now. What a cute old man today at it is a walk solid out there. Look for the QM van today at 11 o'clock this morning at the Shell Station. A bit of a grill will be there. You're probably sure you'll share with me some of my Marlin tickets. At the Shell Station on Northwest 87th Avenue in 14th Street in Derral, do not get gas there because it's Shell gas. Stop by to pick up free $10.00 even busgers power car. That's a lovely clock this morning. Well, they last 87th Avenue in 14th Street in Derral. Look for the lovely Miguel. He'll be screaming the howling about he hates bush. That's something how we brought that child around. It's amazing. Broken free from his, uh, his Cuban brainwashing, his, well, one of it. It could be done. It can be done. In fact, that I will be done. He has your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost. Let Oasis out sourcing help you when it comes to the people's sign of your business. Pay rule administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis out sourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation at 1-866 at Oasis. That's 1-866-286-2747. But more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands many facets to human resource management. Oasis being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which lets you focus on your core business while you leave the operational details to Oasis outsourcing. So let Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable. There is absolutely, positively no obligation if you like that free evaluation. Just make that tool free call. 1-866 at Oasis. That's 1-866-286-2747-47-47. Oasis outsourcing. We're supposed to be in 5-6. You AM? A good time for the great taste. Niel, this is noodles. Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. Using him on Channel 7 News. First, as a 2-bit reporter, now as a 2-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Faye Baker and Mary K. combine. Rick's and just sings. Here the Delson tones of the song. Rick's and just sings. Rick's and just sings. Rick's and just sings. Rick's and just sings. Here the Delson tones of the song. Rick's and just sings. Here the Delson tones of the song. Thomas Rick's and just sings. It is Pistora O'Reilly. It's one show you won't want to miss and corroborate one. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Rick's and just sings. He loves his audience. I accept you as a precious gift from Tom. That's all because we don't have a lot of competition on there. We'll get a whole bunch of names on here. There are many people they despise. They hate like poison. But so far the first 37 votes. Rick's and just 31. Spookies to rate. That was your choice. Good choice. Alan Courtney's got a pair. And I voted on the only vote on her so far for somebody that I intended to put on there. And somebody didn't waste any time. And in fact, she and then Greg, we'd been to the Budeil. Greg Budeil. Most of our audience probably don't even know who that is anymore. Because he's been in between the country pantry there and Hollywood. Huh? I'm sorry. That's in between the tables and cleaning toilets at the country kitchen in Hollywood, where my used to live. He's been on like some low-watch stations. How many why? Not good man. He's been around. Although I said he is. Rock solid. No question about that. So I voted for him because I don't want to make him feel left out because then he'll get paranoid about that. Although who am I to talk about people screw up in the head? I didn't realize I was screw up in head until the last week. How do you like that? In a week and a half, I've lost seven and a half pounds. Oh, right. How do you like that? And the audience is out there. Oh, why do you have done this a million times? You fat tub. You'll see? Even I know it because the key for me is I just don't ever have the assurker cravings. They're all that stuff. All these things. No, no, don't have them. Don't need any big meals. Just a graze a little bit. Maybe some cheese over here. Or maybe some bacon this morning for breakfast. And you know some stuff a little bit here a little bit there. That's it. Instead of sitting down to those big heart-throbbing meals that just tear your kishki's out. And making a gigantic oozing painful bowel movements like a mump would say. It's just seven and a half pounds and a week and a half pretty good for me. Yeah, you'll take. And then duck, I told you that this voice is, well, what are you on? The heck is it? I should have said something to me like you're on something. No, seriously. I'm not on anything. I'm on the common sense saved your life by it. Derell Miller in Minneapolis didn't make it to airport security because he couldn't keep his pants on. Airport police had a security screener was waving a metal detecting wand over Miller's inside. When Miller pulled his shirt down it was ankles the only problem is he wasn't wearing any underwear. Miller then said, there, how do you like your job? Thus ending the screening quite in a police report he would charge with an decent exposure released on $300 bail. We've never had anybody do that before said Air Force Police Air Force Police Lieutenant Matt Christensen, but it's not a normal for people to become frustrated with the screening process. In other words, he probably is wondering why are you waving your wand over my genital area? Miller also became belligerent during the screen. In fact, they found out one thing about him. He was rock solid. He became belligerent during the screening TSA officer told police. One TSA employee also told police that Miller had a note inside a magazine in his bag with an explodiment told a TSA employee. Oh yeah, it's for you when asked who that was directed at. In other words, uh, f*** you. You probably give him the old dick chaining. Let's get to more names than I'd pulled before we start to hopping in an alas crap. I got piled up here, okay? Lots of crap. All the crap all the time. George tells me there's nothing going on. Well, check. Check. Check. Check. She. WQM hello. J. J. J. Yes sir. Hey, hey, hey, don't. I got you just for a bowl. Yes sir. All cash are no balls. All right, good one. Thank you, Kelly. All right, buddy. Cash are no, but he just asked on there right away. Cash is coming to town. Anybody know that? Really? It's a miracle. I don't understand who these people are out there. And quite frankly, I don't want to know them. The sports nerds. I don't want to know them from them. I don't want to know not to bottom. Mad Dog get to the huffer at four. We got a fairly pristine schedule. We got the very rock solid. Big. That's seven tonight for three upon. We're showers. Any K10. Nice to have pristine schedule. And then of course, uh, we got Marlon's. Let's see. They're playing the pirates tomorrow. Am I right about that out of town? Stop new Josh. What's that? I said, shang. Oh, yeah. Oh, a judge before we take any more calls. A judge ruled this week that a proposed politically motivated billboard. This is a little follow up on a story we had on Tuesday. By the group project billboard that was blocked by clear channels. Spectacular division in Marriott hotels was a contract to spewed and not directly involving the first amendment. Damn it. Spectacular were channeled 70 plus displays in Times Square and for Marriott hotels rejected the design last week. Project billboard and anti-war group has been charging the media giant. Cheap channel but you're great robbing bastards with blocking the erection of it. Oh, can't say that no more of the, uh, of a billboard that depicts an illustration of a cartoonish bomb. Drakewood stars and stretch the company by the words democracy is best taught by example, not by war. The ad was to appeared on the facade of the Marriott Marchi hotel on Broadway August 2 November 2, meaning the display would be up during the Republican National Convention starting August. We're Manhattan through November presidential election and I got you out of here. So there you go. Bad news there. It's just a contractual dispute and I could nothing do with freedom of speech is what the judge said. Line 9, WQAM hello. New York. Yes sir. Glen Hill. Glen Hill? Yeah. Was the spiced? Uh, wasn't Glen Hill the bird? Yeah. Well, put him down here. Okay. I think what you're trying to say is I hate the bird. Okay. Glen Hill. I'm not proud to see parentheses put the bird. Okay. See that guy wanted to hear the beat. You're not fooling me for a second. I hate the bird. That guy hate you. I am. Huh? That guy got how many I hate we got on there. If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday. Yeah, I'll play that. That's great. That's great. I'm not even in hot though. Not even Luke. What? That pots offly hot though. What? Well, then light it up. Probably don't even need a match. WQA. Hello. I got a couple. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Did you see you got a couple? I got a couple. Yeah. Are you going? I want to cut the Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny bit. Okay. That's that's a good idea. Now's a good time for that. I think so. And I want to add Marilyn Mitchell. Ooh. Can I? Find faith. Yeah. How can we forget my friends? How to sit out of mind? Okay. Palli. To the choices. Thank you so much. Or nearly we just say one, but I'm in such a good mood. Seven and a half pounds. I think I was telling George before the show. I think about another couple of months. I'm going to be able to throw away a lot of that medication. I've been taking it. It's probably going to shorten my life tremendously. If I keep taking it. No matter what kind of drugs you're taking boys and girls. And I'm not suggesting. Please understand that you throw your drugs down the turtle unless of course there are illegal substances. But any here and knock on the door. But other than that. Man. Get off of the drugs if you can because they be bad for you. And now this new stuff for the cholesterol. Oh yeah. You really. Now we want to get your cholesterol numbers way down there. We want them to be rock solid. Right. We want your cholesterol to be like three. Just more hype more BS. Somebody's getting paid off again by all these. What do they call these drugs? I can never think of that name. Staten. Staten. Very good. I was thinking of acne-staten myself. I was thinking of staten. And I was thinking of staten drugs. So core and lipitor and Pramacol. All that crap. Vadfria, baby. Badfria. Which reminds me of that book again by Macauley Komer. What's his name? Great book. No, not if you're reading it because you don't read nothing but it's a great book. WQAM. Hello. New? Yes sir. Hey what's happening? How you doing? I've got two for the ball. Two. Okay. Go ahead. He's got a pair. And there we are. Alien. Alien. Alien Gonzalez. Okay. Thank you. In fact, wouldn't surprise me if we get several members of the Gonzalo's family on there before we be done. Wouldn't like mirrors. We see as people like that. But we'll wait. We don't want to rush to judgment doing. And don't be saying rush because he ain't a South Florida. He does live in Palm Beach. He has a home near and he's got some good drug to supply his there. And doctors too. South Florida. What? Which of these people do you think is the most despise South Florida personality of all time. Dead or alive. Radio TV newspapers, billboards, a pop-tents, street-quarter. Oh yeah, Sean can only. If anybody knows who that is. We hate you Sean. If I don't make it out of our face. I don't know. This is sports when you like to be. You way in. To get you. If you missed the meal, Roger's show yesterday on 610 Wiod. You missed this. As if the bird. Yeah. What are you doing? Okay. Let's assume you have to replace anything because I can't stand listening to you. You sure I could do it. Do I? Just assume you have to replace anything. Well can I ask you a question before you go? Oh god, you sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you. I don't know. I just want to tell you not to say anything. Just play something. Oh god, can't stand it. Well then why are you listening? I play something already. Why won't you answer my question? Oh god, you don't say it. You won't. See he won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Hello. How sad it is. I had a dump that. I'm sure you probably did too. Yeah, and you know what reminded me. I heard that those two words together. On air America this morning at 804. Yeah. On that show. I was telling you about. They actually said. They just say it. They said it loud and strongly. See that's where I heard. I mean, there are several things that this company has just gone way overboard. Because we have emotionally crippled middle-level management people at WQAM. As a result, they've gone way overboard. What you can't say there's, and you can't do that. You can't go like middle-range break. I can't do anything. And I think that the. The ag and fact. There are two of them. One begins with an S right. Right. Correct. Which includes the word scum, which we can say scum on here. But we can't say scum in conjunction with another word. I have to learn to full of it. Right. And then of course the old doosh, you can do show your problems away. But you can't do a. Right. Oh, God. So sad. So pathetic. So childish. So spinyless. And in fact, I had a dump that. I want the GD. Don't forget that. It would charge you. You've been saying that for, you know. Oh yeah. Right. In fact, not only can we say. Fuck. Or any more. We can't even say. The letter. Right. You know what I mean? A. Hold him in ground. Could be dangerous if you're dripping. Right. So that's just a little bit of what we have to contend with. But you know something. We shall overcome. We don't care because we want to check. Baby, that's all we care about. Just give us show us the money. Show us the money and all the rest. You can stick it right away to Mundo and shine. Okay. Right. Then you. Yeah. We just can't tell you where. Right. Now we can. We can draw you a picture. But we say it. Or we can stick our foot there to give you an indication. We don't know what stuff might enjoy it. Which in these people do you think is the most despise out for a personality radio TV to live your dead of all time? Rick Sanchez. I'm going to tell you 105 votes. If you aren't near your computer, we can't see this result. You may be shocked. Are you sure? By these things. Pretty staggering. 81. At 77.1% of our first 105 votes say they despise Rick Sanchez more than anybody. He's ever come down. You'll hike. That's with a p. Stokees deraise Godnein. And interesting. Both of them have worked or did work or do work in her case on channel 7. Right. The amazing how many people watch channel 7 but they lie about it. They pretend they don't. Horrible excuse for a newscast. To horrendous. Whatever happened to their little news fairy. There are good friend Brian. Is he going to limbo? Remember he called us that day? He was going off to New York to seek his fortune. And that's lost the murder. Huh? That's lost. We heard of it. Yeah. I wonder what they're all talking about over channel 7. Where that's talking about women. I'm sure that. Shack. Not him or the paper boy. Yeah. They're talking about check. Like everybody else. Shack. Shack. Shack. Sh. Spilky's deraignine. Castor Nova's got three already. Mr. wannabe. Mr. I haven't got an original evil. Any farts. It smells like old Ron. That's when I was told. That's what toast told me. And by the way, you're toast. What a perfect name man. All that's he adjusts change. Sanchez 86. Spilky's deraign. She's starting to make a little move. 10. Castor Nova 5. More Howard David. It just went on there. How could we forget? We slip in her what? Four. All he certainly is. Rock solid. Glory and step on three. Greg Nidal. You got three. Greg who know who you are. Because to know you was to despise you. Alan Courtney too. Glenn the bird hills got a pair. Maryland. It's always wondered if he really did have a pair. I was never really too sure about. I child. Maryland, Mitchell won an Ilyan Gonzalez. Little Ilyanito has got one. Let's let the Abuelos check that thing out again to make sure it's okay. Come on. It's your people. It's part of the world. You know what he said to the Abuelos. That's what he said. Freaking. Several powders. How's Pablo Breedon? WQAM. Hello. You're God. Speaking. I got an interview for your poll. Okay. Let me just eat all of this himself. Oh yeah. I can forget. I couldn't. I'm trying. Okay. Thanks a lot. See you. Bye. Larry the Kingmeister. Lonely fifty dollars. Who still hasn't paid back anybody. In soft Florida that he ripped off. I mean, it was just it was incredible. I know how to do it. Talk that good for you. Wouldn't you think you'd be at any conscience at all. In fact, that's what Greg Reed and Larry King have in common. No conscience whatsoever. None. Not a little bit of a conscience. And you and none. Get me to a nunnery. Let's see. Here's an excellent one from chronic Rick. This is beautiful. In fact, we can't play that. We can't play that anymore. What a shame. Can't play that. But you had never were nervous there. When I leave you. Yeah. We hate you Wayne old baldie old Zipa. Yeah. Can't stand you. He might actually give Ricky Tickie some of competition. There's some stiff competition. What's up, good afternoon. How are you? Hello. Yes sir. I got 20% of. 20% of. Tony Sigretto's good. And Brian or Christ the mother fairy. Okay. Thank you sir. Clear up that choke commission. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to most starts climbing the list. We gave everybody else kind of a handicraft. Sanchez 102, shookies the rate ten, Mo Howard David and six. I don't think he can beat Rick. No. No, because well, don't be too sure. Because Rick got off to a huge start. He's like 100 yards ahead. But what's more gets up a full head of steam or full head of here? He's on the 10 day vacation. I asked this morning our operations mangleer. I asked my flint miss Lindsay. I said is what's going to happen when he comes back from a kitchen. Are they going to be together again? Mo and guilty. And he said, oh yeah. He said the two of them aren't rock solid. That's what he told me. So when Mo gets back from his 10 day vacation, the two of them will be reunited like peaches and squirm. Poor president, baby. He tried this really to do that, you know, kind of changed the topic. Wag the old cats ass. But it didn't work too well from the beginning game marriages been an issue that President Bush has got to finesse. He's got the finesse of a bull on a Chinese shop. Underrelection year pressure from a social conservative base, Mr. Bush endorsed the effort to adopt a constitutional amendment that would ban gay marriage in last few days. He's turned up the volume on the issue. Talking about it in his weekly radio address in Saturday and calling wavering senators over the last year or two, an effort to show up to support for a measure as it headed toward a crucial procedure of hoist today. But after endorsing the measure in February, it would often go weeks without mentioning in public. Suggesting either a personal or political reluctance or both about pushing it too hard. You're pushing too hard. That's what the seed said. And when he did raise the topic, he was careful to modulate his message to avoid alienating the moderate voters warning in particular against the law and the issue to become an excuse for gay bashing. Right, we sure wouldn't want to do that. What do we? Oh no. What they do in the privacy of their house consenting it else should be able to do. That's exactly the way he said it. Mr. Bush said during a campaign stop in Pennsylvania on Friday, what they do in the privacy of their houses consenting it else should be able to do. Uh huh. Sinking to distinguish between private behavior and giving legal sanction the same sex marriages. This is America. It's a free society, but doesn't mean we have to redefine traditional marriage. Well, let me just go on. By hedging his position, if only a bit, Mr. Bush may have insulated himself somewhat from the sting of the defeat on the proposed amendment suffered in the Senate yesterday. It took a whopping. But the way in which the proposal went down with a whimper short of a simple majority much less than two thirds of the Senate need to for approval raise questions about whether the White House had fundamentally Mr. Nation's attitude on the issue. You see all of the polls that we just look at the polls. Yeah, 65% of America is not in favor of gay marriages including the majority in Edwards, but more than that, in fact, the Lou Dobbs pull a couple lights ago on CNN and hit 80 billion votes, 71% are against the constitutional amendment because they see through it. And if they're so concerned that opening the door to all these other kinds of marriages, that means it's going to be like a two well-ven and six of pigmies. Well, if you show that concern about how about just redefining it as two consenting adults without talking about gender. Isn't that difficult? Wasn't that tough? That was way hard. Okay. What about the newters? Okay, there are adults. Yeah. Well, what difference does it make? Are you picking on gripper again? Is that your problem? Yeah, I got it. A lot of torque. I think I had a nightmare about that child. Something about him. I did. He's just, he is grippy and creepy. And the only reason he's there is because him and Clarence are really, really tied. Jam up in Jelly Tite. 24, 11 at 560 QAN. Rai and local. Here's the course video 560 QA. Long solid. Come on, I'm so excited. I have a contract. Time for the news now, can't I? Rho, want to keep wearing the anchor seats. Oh, Sally is even. She wants her pain and not deserve my breast. Kids are all the news, tough to be missing. Sally is even. And we want those Sally's running fish. Trying to put in with any fish. So come on, because I'm entertaining. We're more tame than we can. Oh, that's a toy. Sally is even. Every one does everything that she says. Rax her with the out-couched, wrinkly Sanchez. Oh, oh, oh, oh! So can't stand the circus. They keep if everything she wants me so she can't untie it out of here. Sally gives me a bit. Sally gives me a bit. All Sally gives you a bit. That's a movie. 1045 with 560 WQA, why haven't played that in a long time? 100 years. Yeah, and long overdue. Sally's bitch gets get her on here right away. Sally? Oh, man, back at you. And a need to Brian somebody suggest. I'll decide out of mind. You'll orange juice queen. We ain't seen in a very long time. We're pretty pleased about that. Missile will bitch. Another one of them Bible thumped in bags. It looked what happened to her man. She appears at some casino in a brand. What is that place? Brandford Brandford Brand whatever it is. And Missouri and Missile somewhere. Why is it? Brand muffin Missouri. Brand muffin Missile. And that's where she's hanging out on. Because nobody else wants nothing to do with that bitch. Even old Bob Green up there in Orlando, the district. You're not the one used to work for with a beer that used to try to take to the swing clubs and get laid. I didn't try to take him there. You did take him there. You're trying to get him laid. No. You got him laid. My business. No. Anyway, which of these people do you think is the most despised offload of personality. Radio TV, newspaper, street corners anywhere of all time did a reliable. Rick Sanchez. He, you're right. He may have an insurmountable lead. He got off the such a big, like secretary in the Belmont. He's just up by open lanks and just storming away from the crowd. Rick Sanchez, one twenty one is kind of a parting shot to South Florida. More Howard David though is instant to second place. He's coming on strong. With 11. I mean, how do compare 11 to 128 now? Eight-way in high Zingha has moved into a second place tie with Mona, 11 of piece. Skookies to rate 10. She's on both their asses. Castor Nova's got seven-letter King's got six. He just went on her. He's already moving up. Gloria Stepon six. She makes my skin crawl. Glenn, our bird hill. Five. Little alienito's got four. Greg B. N. S. Duck on three. Nobody knows who you are Greg. Probably just as well. Anita Bransk got a pair Alan Courtney two. Marilyn Mitzels go one. And none yet four. Tony Sigaretto, little Brian Nork rise. Or Sally Fitz at a 196 vote. Oh, and speaking of people being dragged out of the closet. The phone kept ringing in one capital hill office hourly daily all leading up to yesterday's Senate vote on the constitutional amendment to BAM game marriage. Mike Rogers was on the line again. Oh, good. No, Mike. He knew something very personal about the press secretary of a Republican house member who reports the amendment and he wanted to tell someone perfectly somebody high-ranking that the man is gay. Rogers cannot understand this. How can somebody help articulate the opposition to homosexual unions when he himself is homosexual. In other words, how can somebody be a self-hating fag, Matt? I'm sorry. I don't notice Mark Foley's name in here anywhere. Or for your own Florida representative Mark Foley. I don't see his name in the circle. I know it's a very long article. It's on our website. I'm assuming I can read it. I don't see Charlie Jesus Christ on here either. They floored attorney general. Have you ever seen Charlie Christ and Charlie Nelson arrive together? Same person. Anyway, Rogers, a 40 year old Washington fundraising consultant's wage day controversial outing campaign in the month leading up the yesterday's vote. He set out more than 10,000 emails encouraging and pep-curre perpetrating outings. He handed out flyers at the gay pride parade in June asking people to send it names of gay Hill staffers working for senators and representatives who supported the federal Mergers member. He created a weblog last week listing some of these names. He might want to hop on his log. He made phone calls day and night to the offices and homes of these staffers as message. How dare you? How dare you when it goes on a great line? When it doubts, Sagamow, picking on Screamer. Yeah. Sagamow, picking and picking in this screaming. Oh, listen to this. You haven't thought that the Harold was bad? Yeah, I think the Harold bad. The suicide note pins blame on Florida newspaper. I think both of the papers in Florida left them in anybody below their brains. But this is not the Harold. A former school board member, charged with having had sex with a 12 year old boy was found dead yesterday near Naples, Florida, and an apparent suicide. He left behind a note attacking the local newspaper for publishing several detailed news stories about the case. The dead man Nelson, Farber Jr. 52, said it was disturbing when an irresponsible press causes the families of the accused to suffer so much hurt in the humiliation. All the name is sawing newspapers and ads. Police hand withheld the content of that note and several others. But the man's attorney sent a copy of one of the notes to the local paper that Naples daily News last night. I'm sure you read that daily. Oh yeah. Naples daily knows that's a biggie. The newspaper ran a lengthy story about to death of the man who apparently shot himself in a haze. They ran this story this morning. The papers editor Phil Lewis told E&P, what's E&P? O editor and publisher. We wouldn't do anything differently defending their straight news coverage to their criminal case. A passerby found a body of Farber on the ground near a swing-set in Ridgewood Park. Farber was former Coddy County school board member, in the note released by his attorney he wrote. It is sad that in our society and especially our fairly educated community, simply the accusation of sexual misconduct is enough to destroy an individual. Farber a lawyer and posted a $100,000 bond and left the county jail on June 10. It'd been charged with five kinds of unlawful sexual activity with a child. Farber had vowed to fight the charges saying he feared how much the case would hurt his own children. Other family members. Court records said Farber had met the youth in question to a son's little league baseball team and had brought him many gifts. They also described as many as four of the potential Farber victims. I wonder if he's related to B Farber. Please, the greatest woman harness driver of all time. And Charlie Farber, her former husband. Remember Z lady? Nope. How about Mr. Z? It's Mr. Z. Mr. Z. You never met that crowd. I'll be quick, did you? No. Oh boy, now that you think you've met some real real characters. Okay, the man, the guy would have found a bag in the gullible eyes. And all the other critics, the Steve, would have had the gullible hands. But that's Jack with the hands. Would the funny guy hand right? Jack? Yeah. Then there's this one. Yeah. Well, that goes without saying. But until you've met Mr. Z, Mr. Z, who just, once every two, three years, I'll see him at the top of the park. Just go away, Mr. Z. I can't stand you. Okay, you're up there. Everything that the world hates about New York City. Mr. Z. Oh, brother. I'm getting spilt. He's just thinking about him. Speaking of spilt. He's either who else gives me spilties when I see her. I give up. But I won't be seeing her on no spots for a slim fast no more. Oh, woopy. Yeah, woopy. Woopy, do. And of course, our good friend Lynn Samuels has gone on a hysterical. She fired off a hysterical psychotic note last night to slim pass. She put their address their email under her website. She's just foaming it them out because they have taken woopy off the edge. First of all, slim fast sucks anyway. So what's the problem? Right. If you're pissed off at slim pass, don't buy that crap. It's not going to help you lose anyway. And now they come out with their new low car because there are other stuff like I've put it here. It's loaded with sugar and carbohydrates, and it tastes like crap anyway. comedian woopy Goldberg will no longer appear ads for diet aid makers. Slim fast following her loot rip off on President Bush on his name at a fundraiser last week. The company said yesterday. Florida based on facet was disappointed in Goldberg's remarks. Hey, hang. It was a plan. Slim fast general manager Terry Olson said in a statement adding that the company we Grats that Goldberg's marks offended some customers. Two quick and bad, okay? It's America. She spoke her mind. She said that Bush is a piece of crap. And a few other things that we got you on the year. I don't dislike her as much anymore. Republicans have expressed, I still can't look at her, but I'm dislike her as much. Republicans have expressed outrage over the fundraiser for presumptive democratic nominee John Kerry and his vice president so running major on it was which entertainers line up to skewer the president. The New York Post said of Goldberg's appearance at the event, waving a bottle of wine she fired off a stream of vulgar sexual word plays on Bush's name and a riff about female genetea. A spokesman for Goldberg to try to meet you comment. Stupid. Slim fast as a unit of Anglo Dutch food to the Tergin group, Unilever pick. Oh Unilever. Oh Unilever. What is that PLC? I don't know what that is. Please. Just say Unilever. Okay. Unilever. Well, it's a Dutch thing. Well, can't be all bad. Then I want to face some drugs in here too, probably. Maybe it's free. What are you going to sell you some good drugs? He's going to be the Rosnally. He's going to sell the good stuff. I'm going to treat quarter by Chuck Subson. That's where George gets his crap right there by the barber shop. 567. 560. Well, I have a few not. That's where you ought to be looking. 560. I'll be 18. The convenience store in the barber shop there. Convenient. Kitty corner that, uh, newbie or that TV bar, whatever that is. The TV bar. No, TV. Touch that. You're not dumping that, are you? I'm dumping nothing. Oh, good. Jesus. I know we're a little bit uptight. Jam up in jelly tight. Just lay off of that button. I go to Aro America where I can say. You're a bad bag. Yeah. How do you like that? They're on in six or seven markets for crying out loud, including New York, no less. And they're saying, and we can't say crap. Nice going, Duff, you little, was, you little, sissy, you little, panty waste, you, and of course Clarence echoes with a, parents makes, Duff look like hercules. WQN, hello. Speaking. Hey, our two things first of all, for your part, that milk mulled, you get suggestions. He's an excellent choice. Also, me and my buddy here, to the view on her selection, we'll be able to go to We went and throw her head over the weekend. Right. And, um, thought of the great movie. We'll be able to disappointed that, um, younger viewership wasn't out there. I saw a lot of old people out there. Well, I would consider where you are, but I'll tell you one thing. Everywhere else, including here in Toronto, we're going to see the movie. The overwhelming majority of the people in there, like between, I would say, 18 and 35. That's great. Um, another thing also, this is going to be, well, I'll turn 18 on the 29th of October. Right. You're still aware that I can register to the level. Oh, sure. If you're going to be 18 on, uh, by election day, sure. Okay. All right. Don't forget, pal. You do it. All right. Okay. See, people don't know. If you're going to be 18 on election day, I'll say, but, of course, you can register. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Without a boated. Here's the deal. At least I'm assuming. I'm sure I'm not telling tales out of school there, right? I really don't know. Tell me, man. Well, uh, how is that possible? And if you're going to be 18 on election day, you are going to be able to vote. How is that possible? If you're black, you can't vote in any event. Well, that's true. If you're 180 in your black, you're not going to be a lot of vote. Because we know you're going to vote for one of them Democrats. Look at the numbers that this man is putting up. If you could have put the numbers up like these on that TV show and that piece of crappy at the rent channel six, he might still be on the air. Ricky Tickie Sanchez. But, of course, he didn't. I think he had close to a perfect number. Man, oh, they're speaking of perfect. There's new law establishes in the federal criminal court. The offense of aggravated identity theft. Abu Ghara. Yeah, that's what they're going to send you. Look at this. What's in these people do you think is the most despised, soft load of personality, did it a live of all time, radio, TV, newspapers, billboards, puppets, rooftops, street corners, suers. Rick Sanchez, 144. He is out of how many out of 231. That's almost half. That's more out of how many? 231. It looks like a lot more than half. 62.3%. That is scary. The level, the debts to which the public is outflow to know you and despise you. Hake you like poison. You hyperventilating melodramatic goofball. Much you do about nothing. There's another one. A legend in his own mind. Talk about a populous ass. Anyway, he's got 144. You get him, I message? Nobody says. Old H Wayne, Baldi's got 18. Mohour David has been passed by Baldi. Mohour's only got a dozen years. That's a movie. Skookies, the rail, 11. Gloria Stepha, 9. Paul Casterle was got 8. Larry King is got 7. Elianito has got 5. Poor little Elianin is unhappy, meal. Glendabur Hills got 5. And he'd have brought 4. Greg, you'd sell stuck on 3. The same three people had no him day. No one was to hate him. They said. Elian, 42, Merlin, Mitchell, 1, Tony, Cigretta, 1. Brian, or Cros, 1. Zero for Miss, come on. And Sally fits so far. Sally fits so far. I got a great song. Yeah. Great idea for Book of Brian. Remember the song by Dean Martin. Everybody loves somebody sometime? Sure. Soft, Florida, and Tham. By Book of Brian, it's coming up soon on a station right here. Like everybody hates somebody sometime. And then perfect, or all the time. I can do it now. Everybody hates somebody. I can hear it. Can't you? Yeah, because you're thinking it. Right. Well, it's better than cheap boat sour coming. I can't get out of my mind. I don't know what that's all about. 10. 57 at 5. 60 W.M. Hey, listen if you can't get rid of the fat. What are you going to finally do to lose weight and feel better about yourself? If you've tried the low carb and all the other diets out there and you're still or fat as a cow, take advantage of balance for life. Who would have thought that you could have 3 meals and 2 snacks to live right your door daily, delivered right to you, and still lose weight? And don't forget the beauty of balance for life is you get to pick your meals. Every week, you'll get a different menu. And maybe someday, Troy will actually get us the new menu because I'm sure that these are long since they're not the correct items, but nevertheless, you have 2 selections for every meal. No other company offers this. Pick your breakfast lunch dinner or 2 snacks. There's no cooking, no cleaning, no carb or calorie counting. And you'll definitely lose weight because all the meals are based on a proven zone diet. And there's plenty of food there to keep you full and satisfy all day long. For example, menu choices this week are boo-hoo and like that. Well, I, in June, they were portabella and provoloni omelet. Real Marcelle and Crab Louise Salad, how can you call that dieting? Troy's Bradford by the way is a real whatever you say before. People on balance for life lose an average of 15 pounds a month about even trying. Plus for a limited time, get a free pedometer when you sign up for balance for life. Track your steps increase the weight loss. And now try their special 7-day travel set never offer before. And you can find out how delicious and fresh and great the food is. And now fact, you can lose the weight. Calm toll free. 1-866-2254543. That's 1-866-2254543 or just remember their website balance for life.com. My life and law. This is for 2562. You may have. Oh, that's the Lord, even loves Neorodras. And give me and Danny. And give me and Danny. Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny. Danny, Danny, Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny and Danny. We have a mobile from Miriam Arallo. Can you hear me? Oh, I got a question. Micheal. Jimmy and Danny, congratulations. I had Nath. Jimmy and Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny and Danny. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. It's 1160560WC, and just a matter of time our time will be playing a track, but I'm sure. Yeah. I'll let you crack it out tomorrow. I'll play the yesterday you wanna play today? Like I said I'll let you crack it out yesterday. Okay. I don't want to play it because if there's one thing I want to avoid like poison that a it's shack and any way shape or form. Okay, I want to do no shack. No. Oh, although shack is rock solid. Oh, it's big enough people I were really sick and tired of. I don't say despise because I do like him and she I never liked her in the first place you do a little bit because she sat there right across from your post. Yeah, pop star couple of Jessica Simpson and Nick O'Lashay want to go from Nileweds to the parenthood it says and y'all y'all I don't really care. I don't care anything about either one of them including him now. They just I'm just every time you flip your channel MTV. E. Oh, you and they're everywhere. Yeah, you know what I'm saying? Not already with them. Who cares what they have children. I mean if we could watch them in the process of making a baby that would be very exciting. I would certainly tune in that and sit close to the TV. Yeah. What other net? Who cares about this contrived craft and whether they got the right groceries and all of this other all brother. Man, you talk about milking something for all its worth. Okay. I know there's a line that comes in there and in fact I got one back for you too but no chance. You see the one to stop. Look at this. I never thought I'd say this but I missed the fart drops. Facts is Mike. You think that if the Democrats get in the FCC will back off or are they going to gone forever? I got news for it. That might be a great campaign slogan for carrying it with a vote us in and the Farts come back. And I'd be great. That doesn't ride. Well, we'll come up with something. Sure. Give us the leading parts and we'll bring back the exciting Farts. We'll come up with some more exciting maneuver. But nevertheless, that's a good start. To get back our fart. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. See how to really care. Like I said, just give me the money and we're doing this fine without the Farts without the **** it. It's a little annoying when you have to dump something as an Octopus as I hate the bird that bit. I mean, that bit is from 100 years ago. That goes to show you how far back in time this current bunch of lunatics are taking us. And by the, I hate to break the news. Demisdius firm who was always so right wing and for every Republican that ever came down a pike and defending the Iraqi attack and everything else. But as soon as this other crap started coming down from the FCC, what does he do? He makes a marker out of himself and all. They're out to get me while I hate to break the news. The like I said, but the most, the most rabid member of the FCC is Michael Cops. He makes a, a colon sonner, Michael Powell looked like a Sunday school preacher. That's how he makes him look like a great liberal. Michael Cops, who just happens to be a Democrat and Jonathan Edelstein. He's no picked together. He wants 80 billion dollar fines if he could get him. So there you go. Oh no, it's all about the, I'm so tired of that. Howard's certain stuff, man. He just makes me a week at the knees and tired of it. Whole world is about him. But anyway, here's the, what we got on the pool. Rich Sanchez may break a lot of records. I think I think other than maybe Rush Limbaugh and the Bushmeister, he may be the most unpopular person in history. Rick Sanchez, 165, the most despised South Florida personality ever, dead of a life. Wayne Heizing on the other hands, only got 28. Low Howard David, a shocking disappointment with only 20. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. And because he and I have bonded so tightly, right, I can feel the love. Oh yeah, it's the other glove. Rock solid. You know, that's our relationship. We're tight. Spilky's the rate 15. Gloria Stephon, it doesn't podcast. You know, was got 10. I need to brighten 9, Larry King 9. I need to explain. He'll find great. But you know, still stuck on the same three people who once met him in a barber shop. Or once met him in his apartment complex. That was filled with bug man. Yeah, I see you doing. Have the heard from him. Do you want to hear him? Hello. How are you doing? Sensational. Amen. Me, my core is here. Dispise, general. Okay. That's the one we want to give you. You know, George Filling in awesome. You've been doing great. This one. He's been sensational. In fact, I say George 40's a week sounds good to me as long as I get the same pay. That was fine. As long as you come back soon and you fill in and you do your thing. I'll fill in. You're eating a little cake. Okay. Not bad. I want to say that. All right. What do you say? I'm a little bit excited. Oh. Oh, yes. She drives me diesel truck. Old Janet. The old diesel diikers self-genitor. I don't know about that. I think we're actually hate Janet Reno. What are they hit about it? Yeah. That's a really easy thing. They only want to know about it. Oh, I see. Oh, Ellie Anito. Well, she haven't been right. But don't confuse people with effects. How about the fishermen while we're at it? Probably QA. Hello. W. W. Q. Yeah. Yes, sir. Neil can go. I ride. All right. Ha ha ha. Neil himself. So, yeah. Slapping right on here. Okay. Now I'll be doing that. Don't we don't want to like be around the old bush. Neil Rogers, hit it and reviled his spies. They can't turn it off though, of course. Of course. Oh, there's an American out there. That's true. Now they got to go to skew. Oh, what? I'm tape. W. Neil, how about Wayne Hayesinger? He's in second place, sir, as we speak right now. Okay. How about Dan Moreno? Now, nobody hates Dan Moreno. Are you out of your mind or what? You must be out of your mind. You must be out of your mind. Get out of here. You lost. Shmuck. Dan Moreno. Can you ever, we would never put him on or don't put him on there. Josh, whatever you do. I already had Dan down. You, what? I was close. I was on Moreno. Don't do it. Do not do it. Why would you do that? You're so easy man. Don't be led down the garden pan. Next time, tough comes in and says, you want to spank in Josh. I mean, if you're going to be that easy, in fact, he might be in before noon. If you're going to be that easy, just don't do it. Just saying learn to say no chance. No way. That's right. No. Although I hear he is rock solid. Which I just feel relaxed once again. Six, seven. No. 0.560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. This is doing a spectacular job. We got Rhonda Sheer on the website today. We had to be in Curtin. We got the Neil Rogers booby track for you to peruse and drag your mouse across and beneath the knob around and in between. That's a dangerous feature on the way out there. You'll learn how to maneuver it very well. I'm sure. I will go there and just never leave. You will go ahead. Keep them off the streets. Some I can think of. Oh, yes. Big enough boobs. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. I've got an air America spiral for the boy. Okay. Talking about the worst day we're using. They use some last night they use. I also Reverend Jones. Good one. Yeah. Very good. Oh, I knew it immediately. But I thought, well, I'll actually even let him under to say something. But I can't. I do. I'm just not going to do that. Isn't that prophetic? It's a help. Go away. You and your entourage. Go the hell away. Okay. Go to Pomp and O Park. They can use your money. Go to sign al casting. Go up. Pomp at the cheap cap that you wear. Get out of our face. Get lost. Nobody wants to hear you. Except because you're a little entourage. Your boyfriend and your pet cat. Your kitty cat. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. Yeah. The Josh Peck at the Tom Redneck from the Maryland. Okay. He's a real. Sir is why here. Well, I said was he's a real good kisser is what. Oh, I get. All right. Josh Peck it. Yahoo. Okay. And I can't believe that. That's uh, wait till they've been. Ben boring here. Get surrender that. And I'm sure that Josh there probably. Probably a snitch. Oh, that's right. They're out of town. As we see. We'll be seeing him for a while. Thres as well. I hear that Bill Beck is a great broadcast. That's what Josh was telling me before the show today. He said Ben boring is terminal. But that Bill Beck. He's the voice of the Maryland's in the future. He's the hope for the future. What he said. That's why we care about the Marlins or the Dolphins or the Dolphin. Nobody cares about that. We got Zack and Jack. It's a Zack attack. Right? Oh, God. In fact, I can just see now. Watch your back. Jack. Can't you hear that one? You'll watch his back. No, it's just they watch your back. Oh, watch. I mean, let's see. Oh, here's one. Now this is sac religious. All the way will put this one on there. This is disgusting. The most despised is uh, The Crow. I like that one. Yeah, but at least get a little publicity. How about you, but M and B, but Trobe, the lead, good blow up. Sounds like a plan. Warren Crow Marty. Well, let's just put the Crow on there. Okay, they know who that is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 12 minutes past 11 o'clock. And don't forget look for the QN van right now. At the Shell Station on North West, 87th, 14th Street and the Rounds stopped by to pick up a free $10. David Busch's power card. Whatever that is, do we know what that is? It's a card? It's got power. 96. Okay. That's right now while they last 87th, and 14th Street and the Rounds worth 10 bucks in its free. And it's a David Busch who's so or it's from David Busch who's stopped by the Shell Station. See Miguel and then zip out of there and go to like, uh, ammo. That's all you can play the games. Play what games? The games at David Busch who's they have a huge arcade as you know. Well I see to play a bunch of games like Serschmier, the queer and Fuzball or those of them. And pencil and the eye. Hey, speaking of pencil and the eye, well if you've had a big bad ball spot, you look years older than you really are. And people like, you know, they talk about you. Especially if it's a bad. But if you want to look great, if you want to look like a real mention, better than you ever dreamed you could after the Hearster, it's falling out. Here's the answer for you. Forget about those pills. Forget about the old Muscrack Rambul. Look Charles Alfie or he's the guy you want to talk to because for more than 35 years. Charlie's been doing it great for guys. That's why I still around so long. Most of these other people are Johnny completely fly by night folks, but Charlie's been doing it for a lifetime. He's been on good morning America. The today show CBS morning news. Introducing his patented hear system that offers you the most amazing. Great looking natural heroin system you'll find anywhere. His new skin like hear system is 100% un-detectable. Charlie's guaranteed. He's a tri-system for 30 days. Not good man. And it is really rock solid. And if you don't love the way it looks in feels and smells after a month, return full for refund. No questions asked. Charlie also services and repairs existing hear systems including shampoo and trim. So don't way. I mean if we can't say, B-bag at least we can say trim. So don't delay call Charlie the change your life forever at 1-800-3-21-24-13. He will make you look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again. 1-800-3-21-24-13 or check them out of the worldwide wicked web at Charles Alfie or he.com. And my life and law. This is 4-20-5-16. You wait a few weeks. You wait a few weeks. Chip with Neil. So I'm not as well have one with you too. Coming. This Christmas from both this industries. It's the I can drive like Rick Sanchez or game. It's a real live actual adventure game that uses the streets of South Florida as a game board. Start begins at Consentance and a a jolly stadium. Where each contest has to drink himself to oblivion. And where he gets the highest blood out the whole level first goes on to level 92. The run down at the gesturing and the whole has home section of the game. This leads 4-game police to battle. And each player must come up with a different squeeze to go home and give his life to him. Then it's off to the final leg of the board game. Higher in a journey. Go to court and whoever gets off with the easiest sentence win. It's our new fought for the whole of the game. The I can drive like Rick Sanchez or game. The whole industry. Well, my team, thank you, Paul. There you go. I was pretty good. That one in Bill and Ted Zessel and Adventure was they brought in breathlessly. And then hello. Cut all Neil Rogers. He's playing my bad shit. Right. I tell you he is really a same case. You know, the original sad sack has in sack of crap. The aslady is sack of junk. Shack of the crap. Right. It's the old sugar. I got an idea. Sugar shack. Everybody's not all these diets. How about the sugar shack diet? Where do you put the sugar in your head? And it swells up to like four times normal size. And you and can hang out with shack. Shack it is so. Shack. Ha ha ha ha. Perfect. It is so sad. But then again, what you got a bunch of people that are bored, metless. What do you expect? As many as 249 Floridians convicted of cramps. Now the state could be mistakenly barred from voting in November. Despite a two year old agreement by Florida. Elections officials that was meant to return them to the roles. How do you like that? Take me back to my roles, Valet Man. Oh, I forgot that's right. The jostre like rules, Royce. As you want to Lamborghini. Let's take it for our. I was thinking I'm going to do that. Pull next to you. They don't be stealing from me now. He'll settle. A pull I we've never done before. Have we? What's your favorite year and model car? Voltaim even if you never owned or drove one. I think we've ever done that before. Not a good one. I call and sick on that day. Why is that? They'll be calling up everything. Well, let's you don't like that pull. I think it's a great manly masculine pull. Sure. It's manly masculine. It'll be a terminal. I think. Why? Oh, I was about 55. T.B. How about the third day? No 57. I got 55. What? 55. Yeah. I thought the 57 was a little funky one. A really tiny little collectors and all three. 55. 56 and seven are well, you see they can argue about that. There's nothing wrong with that. You're not you're a good one to talk about. Pulls Mr. Foos ball. Hey, that was a hot pull. I know that's very. I'm still having recovered from that. Anyway, the reason lost paperwork and still moving to the state. I'm not sure if you can see these people. I could smear it off the rules as in smear the holders. I'll call it an important number. Convicted in the state. It's an automatically restore. Footing rights to felons who have completed their sentences. Administrators of the floor. Election division say they've worked hard to repair. Mistakes from a 2000 election. Right. And they've already reinstated more than 1700. That'll stay felons. But there's always a big, bad butt. Right. In the way. But efforts to restore the rest. It's time to be by the state. Slaughter. Respond to request. We've worked very hard to get this done. Said Don Roberts directed the division of elections. And we've been writing and calling everyone to the state. It's a done easy task. And we've acted in good faith. A long but civil rights lawyers are extracted. The agreement from the state is part of a legal settlement. Two years ago. The election officials are plotting unnecessarily. And the name should be restored. Pronto post-taste. And look at that. Taking the truth to power. Where's John Kerry talking about the new Roger Show again. To the power. He's there at talk of the NAACP. He's getting a warm enthusiasm. He has to welcome them because they're very excited. Somebody can speak to him. Let me tell you something. Please. Now president is the first president since Warren G. Harding. Not to speak before the NAACP. The National Association for the Advancement of Dark Folks. The first one. And the reason Warren Harding didn't show up is because. I'll give you a two word clue. Okay. That was the reason he didn't show up. How many he's he-harding. Schedule to peer, but he had the nerve to croak before he got there. So then we have old Calvin Coolidge sticking his nose into it. So I'll present it and he doesn't even show up there. We'll slap in the face of ever there was one because. He knows they're not going to vote for many ways so for Armstrong Williams. There's another one man. Oh, brother. Let's see. How about. Oh, Jay. Yeah. Oh, is this how a photo person out of here. Somebody might give Ricky a run for the month. This is excellent. Just when you thought we had a one pony show here. Oh Jay, Limpon along. Limpon and Gimpon, he's a personality, right? It could be a sports figure. We said of any kind, radio TV, newspaper sports, water sports, a new name. He's a hello personality. He blogs and hell, I'll tell you right there. You know, something he is. That is just, that is just as he's in Kendall. Oh man, he is, he is. What is so a boany, he's an miserable lion ass. Oh, but we got the people are going to get juice. They're going to get juice. Yeah, that's what run in a cool got they got juice. You murdering piece of crap. You turg, you rotten, you turt. Thank goodness for one thing. At least we don't have any of our on the air people who are apologists for that bastard. We are, somebody behind the scenes people, a lot of want to mention scouran and the water Nazi and the Greg are general man, who are not only apologists but groupies. We got some of those silly people, which is why you got a sports station there in the first place. We have a check all day. Talk about the old sugar shack with Jimmy Gummer. Oh, here's a bit one please add the anxious, Alice Penelis to the list. I can't stand that piece of scum. See, we actually can say scum. I feel a little bit nervous saying it. We can say that. Can't say, uh, no, that old bag. Could you also please play any of the Eisner bits, have a hear him while no problem, Elmer? But, plan Eisner bit. Coming up soon. Let's see. Oh, yeah. How do you forget your old friend? Here's a good one. How could we forget? I guess we're slipping. You know it? Joey Reynolds. I am that him right. That's the one. Joey Reynolds. Oh, and look at this. This is excellent. Where did you get this? Somebody facked it to us from BuzzFly. I love this. Right. Matt drives a gay who backs the gay bashers part two. Now there's more to this. Where's the other page? You only sent me page one. That's it. That's all we got. That's another time going to have to go on there and get him myself. I can do that during the break. Yeah. Oh, we had to be addressed. Damn, short breaks. He's what we have a link to it. It says on July 13, we explained why we are running, rerunning two June 2000. It's a series about Matt, George being a gay who supports people Republicans who bash Gays. It's a syndrome that affects many Republicans, including elected gay Republican Congressman and senators who support Bush's anti gay rhetoric and agenda. There are also people behind the Bush campaign apparatus. We have to be high to be an E.C., administration and the right wing thinks thanks in conservative values organizations who are gay. One might wonder, oh, you know who I can't stand. He's not gay, but who makes me, oh, the worst he's worse than an anchor. He's worse than any of them. Is that Michael Medved? That right wing lunatic posing as a movie critic? Yeah, I'm making him try to get him out. Especially MSNBC. He must get paid for by word or something. They keep trying him out over and over and just slap against an effect. Even Paul Zahn had him on the other night. Michael Medved. In fact, now that I think of it, he looks a little bit swissy too. Looks like Miss Hawkeheimer. Anyways, is one might wonder what makes them tick, meaning these are closet queens, right wing self-hating. Could you be gay and supporting anti-gay president or political party? Oh, could you be African American and said, my dear, the KKK? Oh, could you be Jewish and support neo-Nazis? Boy, like Paul Wolfowitz? We don't pretend to know what's goes on in Dredges' mind. Maybe he's just the ultimate post-gay liberation gay, a gay and a public denial, otherwise the right to be a complete slime ball, just like Carl Roe. What we can say, slime ball? Because we didn't ask about it. No, we better call what's your name that bitch over in April and find out if we can say slime ball choice? Dredges like all of us must be held accountable for his actions as sexual orientation becomes an issue when it makes him a hypocrite. And public in hypocrisy is one number one interest that buzz flash to be continued on the next page and I'll get to it. I'll find it. Because this is today on their website July 15, repeating an editorial from June 2002 of my pair about that self-hating monicon, move out on just a pawn of the right wing gay banschers. Or you dredge back in? Some would know conscience, no self-respect, and talking about a big hit. I wonder who's in Joe Rose madness, dredger, uh, shack. John, you say head, Mr. Joe, you know, it's for your nervous. 27 and so does Doug. 27 passed 11 from all to two to the reasons at 560 WQAM. How are you and the Atkins? The staff beats the sugarbusters or any low-carb sugar free diet. A lot of people are. He likes to watch book as help thousands and zillions of low-carb dieters achieve their weight loss goals because today's shopping for just the right low-carb products that are we going to do it for you is almost impossible. Everything in a world now is labeled low-carb. And a lot of those products on grocery store shelves not only won't help you lose weight, some are full of crap making a gain weight. So don't sabotage your weight loss goals come into a great store or deal rights of West Boca, and now help you stay on the right track with hundreds and zillions of the best tasting lowest-carb products ever invented. You can chime in it before you buy them too, before you lay out an occasion, take a whole bunch home. They have a knowledgeable staff that knows low carb dieting inside and out the open every day until 10. And don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all Atkins, Carbolite, and pure extra. You like to watch Boca will not be under so they can save a lot of cash, get exactly what you're looking for, get some great items with taste. You like to on the Northeast Corner of Blades, Road and 441, next to Boston Market, you can call them toll-free at 1-877 low-carb, L-O-W-C-A-R-B, or on thewebethslow-carb.com. The one and only, you like to watch Boca's your official Atkins retail centers. Brock Solid! Tonight on Bravo, it's inside the actor's bathroom with host, James Lippton. I hear in the bathroom adjacent to the Master bedroom in the Beverly Hills Mansion of legendary Phil actor. Check Nickleson, sir. I am honored. Yeah, yeah, whatever. If you don't mind, I'm a little busy here. Hey! I understand. 12 hours ago, you enjoyed it delicious dinner of a nearby state with soft-aid onions and french fries. Tell me, Mr. Jack Nickleson, what if it became of that enchanting entree? Well, let me stand up here and I'll show you. There, you see? Simply, and crossing. Now why don't you get the f*** out of here? You're sick. Like Nickleson. Now, I don't have to ask your favorite curse word. And be sure to tune in next week when James Lippton visits the downstairs half bath of a claimed actress, Jodie Foster. Well, Mr. Foster, that's an even bigger piece of crap than Maverick. Thank you, Mr. Lippton. On inside the actor's bathroom. Oh, thank God nobody was making any flat-sulate in sounds. There you know it. I... I... Listen to what I screamed at the head of the time. You don't think I'm going to play that to something called somebody's crap in all of the place in their toilet. Anyway, look at Rick's senses, man. Just when you think, all of you are right. Oh, Jay, let's see. We got him on, or yet? He's on there. Oh, look at that. He's got eight already. Well, I ain't a big deal. He's got a long way to go to catch Roll Ricky Tickie. Rick's senses, 209, despise. Wayne 50. We hate you Wayne, baldy. Most got 34, and I show him, but he's looking bad. Spookies are way 19, Larry King 15, Castro 15, need to run 14. Gloria Step on 13. Alienito's got eight. OJ's got eight. Great beat L5. Glenibord Hills got five. Brian Orcourt's floor. General Reno III. I got a pair. Alan Corret. Alan Corret is got two. Oh, and everybody's small bit hit us. After that, I got the whole bus pleasure at the two at a Torrel's area. I'll save it for a little. I don't want to get too fond of seeing what I mean. No, what do you mean? Too much reading and a good thing is it's hot, and people are like, they don't want to be bogged down with his crap. They want him to be like levity, you know what I mean? Opposite of gravity. Exactly. Let's see. Here's one from a Todd who says, W. W. You've got to see if you can find audio of him pronouncing Alkai to with an extra syllable. I heard it on ABC evening news. It went kind of like Alkaiida. Alkaiida. Alkaiida. Alkaiida. I had something. See they all thought that them Dark folks there. And clearly they thought it was pretty funny. He's talking about John and me going out. Raise the taxes and working people. I don't know if he knows who working people really are. Working people are not the top one and a half percent of American. There you go. By the way, leave my text got a loan job. Andy and Miami says, I love you. I love your show, but know you were despised by many. How about putting yourself on list? I got two votes on there already. Andy, get with it. Please play the John Kerry snooze alarm. Okay, you got it, Andy. You're despised by many. Well, so far only two. And quite frankly, if you aren't hated by at least a few people. And you're not doing something wrong. Everybody loves you. It's, you know what the word is? Boring? That's exactly the word. If everybody loves you. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Yes. I'm a donkey and a dicky sparkle. That's all the words that you can't say. Yeah. Every day. And, and I'm just, you know, I will be going on there. And, uh, Scott the Hone Boys, having a little baby 902 on our late Ron this month. Well, good for him. All our best is Scott the Lone Boy. Goodman. Thanks, Bob. I did a panic for the aboring report. Sticky sparkle. He can still be on here. See that's that Palm Beach radio thing again. Was that a Palm Beach? I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Farco. He's on like PBR. Whatever that station is that you can't hear if you're looking at the tower from across the lake. That's the one. That was a fun stint for me. WQAM. Hello. Hey, George. Chris. Victor. No. I didn't want your speaking home. Go ahead, sir. All right. I got late breaking. Um, let's go. Let's go. Okay. How about James Kennedy? Dr. James Kennedy, the anxious one. Okay. He fits like a rubber glove. Oh, okay. My vote. Yeah. Good. Thank you, George. Thanks a lot, pal. Good luck to you. And good luck to the world. Okay. Would the people like Dr. James Kennedy around? Dr. James Kennedy, the coral ridge. He said, back this church. Yeah. Or promise our Presbyter whatever it is, same difference. Much of glam. And for a lot of daily, monument to hate, monument to greed. Oh, I'd buy the way your organ players are flag. I hate to break the news to you. Oh. At least the one that was on Ophys. There anymore. Maybe he walked out. Maybe he walked out. Maybe he walked out. No. That's right. Maybe he got the cure. Jesus can heal you. That could be an involved laying on of hands. 56705. Would you stop using all of dust lines? 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. Look at those numbers, man. Rick Sanchez boy. It's a good thing he's leaving just in time. I mean, these numbers like these, a lynch mob can't be far behind. Which of these do? And my right? No question. Man. In fact, maybe the other sent his ask to lynch bird Virginia. Hook up at old Jerry Falball. Max made in heaven. Which of these people do you think is the most despised out for the personality? Radio TV, sports politics, phony religion, hate anything. You name it. Rick Sanchez is 250. But he's dropped under 50%. He's dropping like a rock 49.4% like a rock rock solid. Wayne, Hizenga 52. Mohour, David, 35. Moh. We hardly knew you, Moh. I'll decide out of mind. He's on vacation and they just figured out all about him. Still, he's in the rain 19. Larry King's moving up nicely. He's climbing the ladder. Don't fall, Larry. He's, what he's doing? He's like connecting his suspenders to the, to the things. What things? To your thing. Okay. You're over 16. OJ Simpson 15. Not moving his fanciness. I thought he would. Probably a lot of people love the chains they're vote. I didn't. Didn't OJ win your report yesterday? Yes he did. By a landslide. So let's not overdo it. Okay. Although in his case, I'm making a reception. Need a blind 14 at bitch. Laurie is step on 14. Alienly, total. Alien Gonzalez is ready. Greg D'Udels got five now. He's moving up big time. Glendabord Hill five. Brian Rokraus four. Alex. Penalist Picanja. One on. I wasn't going to say it, but I was trying to think of what else I I always said to do now. I was going to start. No. Alice Picanja. Remember John Pican? No. Well, you did. I just made him up. Okay. Jan, we know three. And he arrived just three. There you go. Sam already on there, Andy. The crow three. Tony, cigarette was got appeared. And man, I bet you're pretty crusty by now. Alan Courtney two. Joey Reynolds got one. Marilyn Mitchell one. This come out. He's got one. None yet for Yahoo Josh Beckett. Why would they want to put him on there? What? People don't like him? Yes. Can Josh? Yeah. Not that I know of. Yeah. First I heard. I mean, just because he's a Yahoo Southern. And who likes to, you know, pee all over the place. Yeah. I think you're the, you're the blame. All those P jokes you're telling. No, who's the one that started all of that? That was your good friend Josh Cortison right there. Oh. But you're the one that is posed all of that. If I can say that, you're all used to tell us these stories about him. A peon and washing his hands and stuff. Where, where would I hear that? I have no idea. Oh, yeah. Right. Man, you talk about covering your ass. Guess what color is shirt is today. P. L. P. Green. Oh, there you go. Probably Linda Blair been around him. You only wishes. You can buy a book. Uh, built. Miss come also got one. Joey Reynolds won. And none yet for Sally Fitz Josh Beckett or Dr. James Kennedy just went out there for 48. Not bad. We're catching a few old on here. We got the whole buzz flash at the trail about Mr. Are you gay? Are you a screamer? Are you in the closet? Are you a self-hitting hypocritical fact? Oh, I see. Man, oh, man. A sheriff. It's what a piece of turd that is. But that silly ass hat. What a pawn. And just no scarpals. No principal, no suffraice spec. Just a just a quizling to be used by all the right wing and a Quissy hangs with what's in it. Lower, ingraham, and an encolter and all of that crowd. The fact maybe he's going to be lopped, Michael Medved. Wouldn't that be a match made in purgatory? I'd love to see that. 19 till noon. And the connected or the wealthy. Here you go. That's what he's telling him Dark folks. Those are the only people that are going to benefit no matter who gets in his Theo wealthy and the connected and he's at least being honest. Hey, let me be honest with you about your carpets. I mean, everybody's carpeting sooner or later gets pretty schmutz. You all would dirt the kids ground in their people, tramping, or brought your dogs and cats and all your pets doing all sorts of unmentsinable things on. Here's the answer for you. Call dry concepts like I've been doing for over 20 years in my homes and sanitize those carpets and make them look just like brand new today. Dry concepts have got certified technicians who you can trust in your home. They'll dry clean your carpet. That's why they call it dry concepts. Tell me because they use the same idea as dry clean your clothing. Nobody else in the world does it. It's exclusive pendant method. And that's why nobody else know where gets your carpet looking as great as they do. The where those five ninety five per room scam artists who rip you off when you get the job done. Because dry concepts give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing anything. So you don't have to worry about them out doing a good job and taking under the price. In addition, which they give you a rose when they finish the job. You give them a check. Everybody walks away happy camper. You look around and say holy crap. You'll say, Are these doing? And then some two. So clean today entertain that would dry concepts because after they're done or your carpets are dry. Just a couple of hours. They look and smell limited fresh and just like brand new. And they do a stupidish job also on your area. Rugs your area of carpets. You're flying Persian carpets and you're a post-reinferno to do. So give them a call. Toll free. And when you do call, ask them to put you understand by list which can save you an extra. Fifteen percent off they're already unbeatable price. Call Toll free 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on a web at dryconcept.com. Hi! We're supposed to be 056. You a-m. This is the Neal Roger Show. This is your brain. Any questions? Having trouble falling asleep. It conventional sleep machines with settings like gentle rain and bathing book. Don't help. Get the John Kerry Sleep Machine. It laws you to sleep with the mind numbing sounds of a John Kerry political speech. I used to toss and turn for hours, but now I just turn on my John Kerry Sleep Machine. I International Strategy is centered on an arc that's important. And before I know it. It's a surprise to see you. The John Kerry Sleep Machine offers four different policy settings to suit every mood from tax reform. My new payroll tax credit was for cash. As getting so creepy. I'm coming today. To the economy. Before we can lay the foundation. I can make a super-adso. We must lay the foundation. Get the John Kerry Sleep Machine today. And with any luck. You'll sleep right through the election. I'm John Kerry. And I approve the John Kerry Sleep Machine. Available wherever we sleep machine. Apply John Kerry. For any people. And to help with the United Nations Global Fund. There you go. Let him have a John wake up. 14. You'll know that five 60 WCW and get back to this two editorals by busfines.com. It says, drugs like all of us must be held accountable for transactions. A sexual orientation becomes an issue when it makes them a hypocrite. And Republican hypocrisy is our number one interest at buzz flash. Because it's the defining characteristic of many people in Republican leadership and media-shill positions. Indeed around the time that the White House committed national treason by outing a CIA operative salary claim, who is specialized in tracking weapons of mass destruction. In order to send a message to Joe Wilson and the intelligence community that the Bush Cartel was going to enforce its own merit-out code at all cost even if it meant betraying America. There was another curiously conspire that bubble the surface of the mainstream press courtesy of Miss Drogge. Here's the background from age of 19th, 2003 Toronto Star-Saurah, a star story. Last week ABC's Jeffrey Coppn formerly of CBC's The National Tucket Direct Hit from the White House It seems via the Scourless Dredging Port. That's because Coppn, a Toronto native now based in Miami, gave voice to American troops stationed in Iraq who spoke out against the war rather than the peace while calling for US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld's resignation. A ostensibly incensed over Kaufman's world to the news tonight report Tuesday, which was repeated on Wednesday's Good Morning America, the White House had a dirty trickster, tip gossip manga mad drogge, to how the reporter was up against the wall, openly gay and no blind fall, no last cigarette Canadian. And so on Wednesday for eight minutes, drogge's headline screened ABC News reporter who filed troop complaints, a troop complaint story openly gay Canadian, before being edited to read ABC News reporter who filed troops complaints stories Canadian. So what the apparent behest of the White House, drogge leaks a slime ball headline, that a Canadian reporter who dared to air that some American soldiers were disgruntled with Rumsfeld's gay. Yes, that's right. The only news and judges headline was that the reporter was gay, which is meant to discredit him. What if he had said ABC News reporter who filed troops complaints story, Jew? There's no point to the headline except to in essence stir up the right wing white males, by implying that the reporter was disloyal on trustworthy because he's gay, how much more despicable can you get? But it's the one house GOP, drogge scapegoating, gutter crawling nexus had work here. It happened so often it's become acceptable for the mainstream press to consider discriminatory accusations as news. It starts with the GOP right wing conspiracy character assassination squad during impeachment wars canstere as team leak like a fossil full of holes shows up on drudge and ends up on the television news. For the record, drogge denies that he's gay as a communist who covers gays from time to time notes, cyber gossip Matt drogge says that he's not gay, but one thing is clear, no matter his sexual orientation, he's an nasty faggot. And here's part 2 Mad drogge are you gay? As detailed in bushflash.com report last week, drogge played the gay card with him and ignore publishers from putting the insane clown posse of book allegedly focusing on the hypocrisy of the kids star team and other right wing junkyard dogs, drogge was successful in bullying and intimidating team of brown at talk mirror max to publisher to question a sin book before even hit the galleys. During his weeklong barrage of attacks on the insane clown posse, drogge lam-based at talk mirror max for during the disclosed personal picadillos. In his June 7 dispatched drogge wrote, it can now be revealed that the book, the insane clown posse, not only digs deep into the private sex lives and business dealings of major minor Clinton critics, but Connelly the author's working manuscript also features derogatory sexlers against impeachment players, details too hot even for the web. Mad would have a stinking was outraged by an author dubbing into someone's private life he couldn't disclose the details of the book out of concern for maintaining a sense of propriety on the internet. Of course on June 12 drogge must have forgotten his prudish lives because the drogge poured headline at morning red, ester host book features talking Bill Clinton penis. That's right with a horribly unflattering photograph of the president just above the headline, looking as if he were sucking on a lemon, and drogge is excessively poured on June 12 drogge poured on the details. Esteross has created a character around president Clinton's penis according to reports, a penis which will talk at expressive opinions in the book. And a gratuitous catty statement, ester host will appear live at NBC's today to launch the book on July 18, host made a kitty-curric and mat-law request the author, like he didn't explore flowers claim that the president liked to pleasure himself with her sexual aid. Drogge rebels in any gutter rumor about Clinton that he can angus fedora Hada, but he transformed into a prud when it comes to his friends on the right wing. He charges the author of the insane clown possey with slaying derogatory sexlers against impeachment players, evaluating the private sex lives, but Drogge only curves out his own or privacy when his right wing pals are put out of the microscope. Drogge is like a kid at the edge of a lake on a hot summer day, and that just can't wait to jump in except in this case he's relishy, he relishes diving into a scum pond again and again and again. But only if the Clinton or Democrats are involved otherwise he's in a dignity school who won't allow others to even approach the murky slime. So at this weekend bus flash asked you if you were gay or straight because of the harm that you're doing to the gay community by supporting the right wing agenda. Today we asked, are you the outrage prud who was aghast as you read the lured tails in the draft of a book about the sexual shenanigans of the Kenny Star crowd? Or are you the reporter who writes blurring headlines and giddy accounts about the president's sexual organs? Are you the prud of the warrior tell us which? Come out, come out before it's too late, Miss Fudge, okay before you burn in hell. God, what a piece of turd. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon so that they give away all his David bus's power cards or what? Don't know, didn't hear? Well, I don't know how long the kill was going to be there, I guess till they're all gone, so maybe we still got some left. At the Shell Station north was 87th out of 14th street and the rail stop headed pickup your free $10.00 David bus's power card while they last. Evidently must still have some of the ways he to call and said, I'm going home, something like that. Or maybe. I'm going to best fill in for George that I possibly can. I appreciate that one call, it was good. But, which of these people do you think? Was or is the most despised outflow to personality? Whether it's radio, TV, politics, newspapers, whatever, paperboy. A paperboy, I wonder how cratch Stephen's is doing. How she lately, don't want. Brian Andrews. Rick Sanchez, 230, Wayne Hising of 55, Low Howard David at only 39, oh man, you talk about the mighty of falling. But, the Dirty Boy, wow, Mo. Old Jason since 23 slowly, steadily, but surely. See, I think if you wouldn't have had that other police today, they would have pulled out all, they'd have pulled both girls out. But, I wonder if it's like, you know, he's old news, they got it out of their system. Spookies in the rain 19, Larry King 18, Paul Castanova 18, doing very nicely. For an old turd, Anita Brian 16, Gloria Stephon 15, Elian Ethel Gonzalez, Nate, and the Elijah Zate, Amy and I, I had to get everything together. Same person. Call the cops if I do. There you go. Please. Cracker, please. Greg, we'd have five. Glenn, the board, Hill, five. Brian, Rokross, four. Alex Penellus, four. Pinkus Penellus. The crow has got three. Old Warren Crow, Marty. Channer Reno, she's got three. Dr. James Kennedy, three. Alan Courtney's got a pair of Tony C. Wetter, two. Joy Reynolds, two. Marilyn Mitchell, one. Bill, come on. One and none yet. For Josh Beckett or Sally Fits out of for Radiate. That's interesting, Sally Fits. I think they like Sally. Huh? Yeah. They're like her instruments, too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You know, a lot of people used to think that we made those stories up. Yeah. They're all true. WQAM, hello. Neal, God. Yes, sir. Speaking. How are you, sir? All right, I think. I have an idea for a full. Okay. Did you watch St. Lain last night? No. Well, they did a big thing on all the Mexicans that are in flux in the United States. Right. And their idea was to go after, well, Americans had the idea, and we had to go after the people that are giving them jobs. Okay. What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? I know. And I was thinking we should have a poll on, you know, what should we do about going after the people that are giving them jobs. You know, make them higher, legal, American, and several. It's double the American. Uh-huh. Something like that. Right. When I love you forever, you can't follow by. Of the listed in the view, since I was 19 years old, I think you were fun. And now I'm going to vote this year. I can't get enough news into me. I have to read the favor, watch every new Shinoi can do the best to your saving the world, Neil. Okay. Thanks for the little chat, Paul. Have a great day. Thank you. Oh, I feel like better to go tell off now. Oh, look at this. The former army scientists identified by authorities as a person of interest in the 2001 Anthrax attacks, sued the New York Times Company and columnist Nicholas Christoph yesterday. And that's good. I'm glad you did that. Because Nicholas Christoph, he, he said some crappy things about Michael Moore. Yeah. He's not a good guy. No. I apologize. Profusely. Uh, there's a column I put on there for, uh, by Nicholas Christoph a few days ago. And I guess I didn't read the last part of it. I apologize. Yeah. I'm just, excuse me. Anyway, uh, against the, the Times and the columnist at Christoph, depending on the paper defined him, the series becomes that identified him is the likely culprit. Okay. And then again, they ought to apologize. And of course, we all remember right now. Have they actually caught the guy? I don't know. He actually, you know what? You know me. I'm out of touch because I'm in Toronto. I'm out of the country. I'm out of touch. So maybe they caught that guy. Kim was dealing with the letters with all that anthrax. Anyway, I just was looking for an excuse to play anthrax and stalling for time to find the fact that no autographs. You just call for time to find it. The lawsuit filed by Stephen Hadfield and he was just recording Alexander. He said, Christoph identified him as the anthrax killer to light a fire under investigators in their probe of the anthrax four maillings, which killed five people in 6 and 17. He accused Christoph of hurling false and defamatory allegations at the Times of engaging in substandard and unethical journalism. In a series of columns in 2002, Christoph criticized the FBI, for failing to aggressively pursue a scientist. He had first identified as Mr. Z. Honey, like that. Mr. Z. What were we just talking? He belongs behind bars. He wrote that the bio-defense community had called Mr. Z. A. likely, Cupport was buzzing about Mr. Z. Behead is back in part because the scientist was familiar with anthrax and was angered at the suspension of his top security experience less than a month before the attacks. Christoph, a Pulitzer Prize winning journalist later, announced that Mr. Z. was had filled. He also wrote that head-pull deservedly presumption of innocence, and that there was not a shred of traditional physical evidence-looking empty attacks. Christoph didn't return to call to his office. The Times spokesman said the newspaper believed this case does not have merit-yodiotia. The lawsuit was delayed a step by head-pull 50 to defend himself since attorney general John Hermann Gering Jr. Rae Ayashkrab, publicly called him a person of interest in the anthrax probe of 2002. And cost him his job and groomed his life in it all of these other minor things. Just because they had looked like they were doing something. Oh, we got Joseapadilla, we got Stephen Hadfrell, all these people of interest. And then we got that guy in the wheelchair that used to be buddy buddy with Osama. He was pretty dangerous. You see him there today? He looked pretty dangerous to me. Larry Flint? Is there we're hearing him? No, not Larry Flint. When is that Larry Flint book coming out? If that thing doesn't come out, I'm going to be POden Ferdup. 1158 at WQM, you wake up every morning in a crowded bed. Between the kids and the dog and the cats, is there no room left for use? Researchers say that they shoppers are choosing bigger mattresses because of overcrowding. And nobody's got a better selection of queen and king-sized mattress sets ready for immediate delivery than Thalamakras. When you call one 800 mattress right now, you get a great mattress at a discount price. Only dial-matras delivers 8 in the AM to 10 in the PM every day. Dial-matras is ranked number one, numeroono and customers had a special. There were one as of the 2004 Better Business Bureau, local thurch of excellent support. When you call one 800 mattress, you'll get the best prices on a best brand delivery on your schedule and that convenient to our window that you choose and the best customer service in the universe. And dial-matras is got all the names you know and love and covet. Seely, surd a king-corell Simmons temper-peedic, steering's of an anus foster. Everybody at QAn including yours truly, we've been using them for a long time. Make an easy call to get our mattresses you ought to be doing the same. Log onto their website at mattress.com or him or call right now. They'll be knocking on you door no time at all. 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTR-ES. You might have lost this quitch-win-0-56. You weigh in. This is Mark. Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q-8-M. And another thing, you'll be able to install on my dial-type. If that little bit sweet voice, how do you expect to get anywhere a little Q-DQ? I think this is the best. I don't know what this is. But we say it's the most expensive one. The more white you use. Yeah, what about it? The more white you use. What do I use? I wear not a new one. Okay. I want a child. You're a pector-free. Oh, co-mail-g. Oh, co-mail-g. The end of all me. And point blank. Why you, why you don't respect you. That's right. I know my smell attract you. Thank you. But unlike that you, you still got such a... I feel just like that you are my dear brother. And one year into a diamond. That's why you're so not buying. That's the... That's the... That's the noise noise noise noise noise noise noise noise. The noise noise noise noise noise. I'm on a show and push you in a cute guy. What's all this? We do the show, but... Not right, that's enough. Come on, three, I guess that that rock solid. You get a lot of play around the building. It's when I'm here and that's the rumors up here. Showing up, but not as much as I can. Yeah, yeah. Oh, by the way, anybody here, we got check. Marymol, if I'd somebody see us for the pool, how's that truck? Must have been somebody else's fault. Or was somebody else's fault, right? Absolutely. Okay, thanks, Marym. Marym elephant is on a pool. Now let's see, here's one from Mark who says, P.S. loves the website, but I don't understand. Love, please. Need... I don't understand this. Do you understand? We need more votes. Need we more votes? I despise them all? There was Mark hates everybody. Mark, get a light. Get serious, okay? I have no light. Keep coherent. 560, 560, P.S. Well, I guess, speaking of compassionate conservatives. The United States yesterday rejected the UN Secretary General Co. Cup of Coffee and his plea to inject a billion dollars years into global age fund. It's not going to happen. The West Global AIDS Coordinator Randall Tobias told a small group of reporters that the 15 international AIDS conference in Bangkok. The person that's requested $2 million for next year, I think there's... That is more than adequate to meet the requirements of the global fund in terms of getting money out for putting programs in place. He'd be saying. And in cold on Tuesday for the U.S. to contribute at least a billion dollars a year, echoing a plea from Richard Feetham. The executive director of the Global Fund for AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria, which needs more than $3 billion for 2005. Provice at Washington was the leading global fight against AIDS and spend nearly twice as much to fight the pandemic as the rest of the world combined. But controversy about its payments to the private fund global fund, the public private global fund, launched in 2002 as a brainchild of an and as overshadowed discussions at the 8th summit this week. Critics have condemned the U.S. for pursuing a go-to-lone strategy in sitting up its own 15 billion five-year AIDS action plan, rather than folding its efforts in the international body. What was that what we're doing with everything now? We're out to participating in the world of nations. It's us against the world. Isn't that the way it was now? Yeah, I know it. Yeah. Here's a very disgusting story. Life in Bush is America. I don't want it. Well, I do. Yeah, I'm only on twice a week now filling in for George. And so as a result, I better get in my looks while I can. You know what I mean? Did we get a call from the Gueldafine out of those David Vusty's power cards? No. Well, like I said, go on and get him. Probably pretty, I write the fact that he's not getting flooded with people. Of course, if we knew what those were, it would probably help. Well, the people that want him, they know what they are, right? They're for the games. They're for the games that David Vusty's brought him. Little games you play, you know? Games people play. Not copy. Right. Pencil push. By the way, thank you, Tony. Oh, thanks to Tony's. I thought I was, that's why Vusty's sounded to me like somebody had a mouthful. Show no. By the way, what you else said, it's still on. It's still on. Okay. Well, I glad to find that out. Thank you, Miguel. Now, that's, I don't know how many we got. How many thousand we got? I'm good, man. There must be what's taken so long to give money. Or maybe because of the fact that it's the middle of the summer and dog days and There ain't nobody out there. I've had you there. There's something going on. Maybe our Brubby trap. I know that's a big part of it. That's getting tremendous response on our website. But man, we are just kicking big gigantic Harry Smelly ass. You know, considering what time of the year it is? Yeah. Aren't you shocked? My old boy. Oh, that's for you reading. Thanks again to Tony's over there at Northwest. Whatever it is, second after. What is it? What is it? One, ninety-third and four, forty-one. No. Okay. Oh, it's not. Trust me. I thought it was Northwest, second after. And one hundred and ninety-third. That is four, forty-one. No. No, fourth. Yeah. So another, it's Tony's on four, forty-one. You. I never knew that all this time. I thought I never really thought about that very much. I thought, so, four, forty-one was seventh avenue. Down south of the Golden Glaze it is. I see. But then again, we're almost a Brower County. We're almost to the, uh, order. It takes a hook. So go over and see Miguel at the, uh, Sheldon Station, Northwest 87, and 14-speed in Durrell. Oh, that's why nobody's going over there. Who don't want to go over to Durrell? There's no golf going on right now. Unless maybe Moe is playing with it. Stop, I had to pick up a free $10.00 Dave and much as PowerCard right now. And see the lovely Miguel. He's waiting for you. Like he had rid of that crap and go home. And be with his lovely wife. Then she worked on his wife. Normally. Well, that's right. I think I got a baby now. He can't afford. I'm going to kind of salary. He's making a QM. He can't afford no nanny. I guarantee you that. Well, what do you mean normally? Don't need no nanny when you're Cuban. I don't understand. You've got a boy loves. Oh, I bail out the aboylos coming there. Check out the kids' penis. Anyway, a husband and wife who wore anti-bush t-shirts to the president's fourth July appearance aren't going down without a fight. They'll be represented by lawyers from the East here. You as they contest the trespassing charges against them. Today, in Charleston, municipal court Charleston, South Carolina. Police took the colon Jeff Wank away in handcuffs from the event which was built as a presidential appearance not a campaign rally that were wearing t-shirts that red love America hate bush. Spectators who wore probose t-shirts and bush-cheney campaign buttons were allowed to stay of course. We weren't doing anything wrong, said Jeff Wank. The couple said they had tickets just like everybody else. So they simply stood around a capital stop so we're steps with the rest of the spectators. We sang the National Anthem, Wank said. The ranks hardly fit the image of Raval Rousers Jeff Wank 29 has a master's degree in oceanography. Nicole Rank 30. Got good man! The degrees in biological science and marine biology that been married for seven years. Nicole Rank arrived in Charleston soon after the memorial day floods. She was working as deputy environmental liaison officer for the FEMA. Making sure cities and counties debate federal environmental laws as they were prepared roads and bridges. After police arrested the ranks, they finger-predited them and took their mug shots. The FEMA told Nicole Rank she was no longer needed in West Virginia. I've not been fired per se, she said, but I was released from this job and when they released you from a job, you no longer get paid. Which is a cute way of saying, you're fired! Of course I can't say that because Donald Trump copyrighted that expression. The rank started to go home to Corpus Christi Texas, but the only guard as far as road Oak Virginia, what had occurred to them, they might not be able to contest their arrest if they weren't in Charleston on their court date. A phone call confirmed their suspicions so they turned it around. We were living in motels ever since said Jeff Rank was spent two days in his motel room with his wife. Their cochers Spangled Feynman and their Marlaleigh can't rower. Our road WR, how do you say that? Rower? Rower? It's extremely difficult financially. We can't afford doing this for very long, but they both had a state and fight the charges because we don't think we're guilty. Since Bush took office early in 2001, people have been banned from displaying anti-bush messages that doesn't have Bush appearances across the country. I mean, I'm going to tell you something boys and girls anybody that supports this kind of fascism. You are a fascist, you are a neo-Nazi bastard, you okay? That's a bunch of self-destructive fool. Right. Just like Miss Fudge and at self-hating Faggotary, you're hers. In September the ACAU filed a federal lawsuit against the Secret Service, Sickening and Junction against the Bush administration for celebrating protestors at his public appearances. The Secret Service agreed that such censorship was wrong, said, would tool Walsak one of the lawyers that filed the lawsuit, sounds like a Polak. They had an internal memo dated September 2002, and they couldn't treat protesters differently or worse than anyone else at a presidential appearance Walsak said. The judge said, any agent responsible for doing so could be held liable for damages. Remember Walter Slaysak? No. Number Fanny? How about short fat Fanny with Larry Williams? Oh, the echo records. I'm just all this is for Booker Brian to abuse him. We have our own little show going. The Secret Service at the time local police is sequester anyone displaying an anti-administration message. Usually in areas completely out of sight in your shot of Bush because the Secret Service agreed with the ACAU that it shouldn't be doing that, the judge just missed the case. Prior to our filing our students September we get a couple of confirmed protest zone complaints every month, Walsak said, After we filed a were practically none. We had two documented incidents between September and March one little rock Arkansas and one in Knoxville, Tennessee. But now Laira's like Walsak are carefully monitoring cases like their ranks and two similar incidents recently in Pennsylvania. We're trying to assess what's going on in these appearances, whether these protests zones are resuming he said. We are continuing to monitor all campaign events by both Republican Democratic candidates who are prepared to go back into court to see if discrimination is occurring. It's an or why do you in way to keep speech out of sight of those the speeches intended critique. We want to nip this in the bud before it becomes a habit of future administrations. A Bush spokesman of course did return telephone calls in come out of the necessity of a free speech zone. Free speech calls on my fat ass. By the way seven and a half pounds and we can have a blast. Since we had the old mommy in the box. Is that sound what? No nothing. Is that sound insensitive? No. No, but at least I admit it. I never realized it. I never knew it. And now she lived in 91 and she had a fine life and you know it was well taken care of mostly by me. And now she's you know pushing up daisies. But at the meantime I finally discovered and miraculously amazingly that I had this kind of 40 in thing. This kind of smothering, nettering, nagging, whatever, how do you want to describe it? That prevented me from getting rid of that compulsion that sugar urge that horrendous desire to nash. I've ever heard of Zara tonight and what will last can you have a nice food? I'm ready to go back for second. How about you are? I know what Josh is probably eating pizza with the... See you. Yeah, but he's not. Oh, I see. He's a subman. Oh, a subman. He's a subman in a company and he hopes you are too. And a good... That's very carried away by the way. Here he's... Rock solid. Is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost loadaways? Is outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business. Payroll administration. Fortune 500 company employees employ benefits. Human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing today if you'd like to get you a free evaluation at 1-866-866-866-866-866-866-747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands many facets to human resource management. The resources being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice would let you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to our friends at Oasis outsourcing. So please do yourself a favor. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable. There's no obligation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. if you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free sciences success. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free-awakers entry This is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free test of Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. If you'd like to know that Oasis outsourcing is a free evaluation. the Humperate 4 we got the big at the 790. Of course he's rock solid. It a kid 10. I think that Dave and Boring owes me a lot of money. You want to know why? Why? Now I realize that these clips are, you know, they're just a little cryptic and not a games, but he started sounding like animated almost excited. We're helping him. Huh? That's right. I'm going to try to rip him in his hands. He even on the clips. He sounded so comatose and it's up up in a way. A home run for the Marlins. Mike, low, you know. Now he sounds like somebody who had a fire under his ass. I think the person who had a fire under his ass was... Oh god! You're truly. How do you like that? So you like him now? No. No. He's got a fine voice. He knows the game. He's been around a long time. I'm not, I never met the man. It's not that I dislike him. It's not a personalist business. I have any problem with a guy. But the fact that a matter is that he was very boring. And even you've agreed with that numerous times, that was really brilliant. I was really crazy about that. He was somebody who would wake that bastard up. Now what he said during something like that. Let's see. Oh, look at that. Curtis in for the dog. I knew it was too good to be true. I mean, the idea that mad dogs are going to work a whole week. I just gone mad dog, you demand. Oh, right. Haha. Oh. If we got a scam going here or what? That's the worst. I just gone there and I'm all with your 10-day vacation. We know what it's all about. Let's work more money. Just keep the checks coming. Anyway, I'm doing the best I can. I can't fill in for George. We'll be back on again tomorrow. Of course. And I'll be back next Tuesday. And then briefly on Thursday because we got the next two, Thursdays. Marlon game. Oh, yeah. Love those Marlins. And Dave Ann Boring. So bad news for you. A proposed ballot measure to double the state's $25,000 home set exemption can't go before voters this November. They Florida Supreme Court ruled us to short time ago. But they proposed to create a six point $6.15 minimum wage can go to the ballot. High court be ruling. The Supreme Court review citizen initiative to judge if they're clearly explained and deal with just one subject. Those are the only two issues. Oh, this is I guess it must be chopped off on their website. The only two issues the high court addresses. The property tax memo was a bank ruled by a viral beach millionaire who promoted his property tax relief for homeowners. But critics argue it was really a tax shift on the commercial and industrial property. And local government officials and governor Jan Bursa, they worried about the two-baked other price tag on the proposal. The minimum wage proposal or create a statement of mortgage that started $6.15, which would double Josh's pay. But increases and really to keep up with inflation. It doesn't yet have to happen in signatures needed to make the ballot. But they're working on it. Just like I'm sure they're still working on it. Think they get the slots into the grace tracks. Oh, man, do we net that bad? What? If you could see how the people here are packed in it would buy and raise track. Even on the days when there's no reason going on at the time. You wouldn't believe it. You'd be flabbergooced and okay. Oh, you ought to see the engines. Right. Packed. Packed. And the engines are making all the money while the rest of the state is always on a verge of bankrupt. People are looking for it. That's right. They want to go have a good 10-year-old. They're all going to go bankrupt. They're going to go gamble with. Listen, if they want a gamble, there's no state in the country that's got more gambling and flora d'uh. Even in New York State, I don't think they got no high-layer dog racing. Do they? No. No. Florida, we got it all. We got your third bread racing. We got hardness racing. We got dog racing. We got a high-live. We got the lottery. We got the cock fights in the sweet water and little Havana. And Hylia. What more do you need? Because Cino is baby to make Zillions and Zillions of dollars for real money for education. And things that we need money for instead of always crying for them out. We don't have this. We don't have that. That's not your crap by the way about only Fags play the slot machines. I hate to break the news, dear. But there was a very fine young man in the early 20s. Not bad, look at either of Indian descent. Get us play in a machine next to me the other day. Besides, I said Fags in old ladies. Yeah, well, he wasn't an old lady and wasn't a Fag. How do you know? Trust me what I tell you. I can just nif on. He may have sniffed a little on that that curry side, you know. He's not a little like you, curry. He was a nice guy. And he won 2600 bucks at about 10 minutes. Gay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Excellent. And anyway, I just mentioned that in passing because you see one thing about you being such a hard ass. You live in this narrow little world. You can't afford to be going to Vegas very often. Unfortunately, which I know you'd probably like to go. Especially that way from your wife. But I mean, if you could see that we all wore the little bit more. You'd understand you live in a cloistered environment there. I know. Never the less. Never less you full of crap. Gay my ass. I'm sorry, though. What a giveaway. Okay. Here's the poll so far. Rick Sanchez. We keep trying to drum up some competition for this guy. We just can't do it. Which of these people do you think is or was the most despised offload of personality? Radio TV, religion, politics, you name it. Rick Sanchez 254. 44.5%. Hey, you, Rick. They can't stomach you. They find you nauseating. Condescending, self-aggrandizing, ingotistical, pompous, not to mention the guy that you killed in front of the stadium. Who's still dead? H Wayne, Hising, is speaking of the stadium 62. Easy to see why. More Howard David at a very weak third 43. In fact, OJL pass him like he's sitting on his ass. OJ40 already. He's at the 40 to 45. I need to grind 23. Spokees to rate 21. Paul Castro, no but 19. Larry King, 18. Gloria Stephon 16. Neorodius 13. Dale Kahn. We're going to add him right on the Gloria Stephon's ass. What a horrible thought that is. Alien Gonzalez 12, I sped by him. Alex Pinkus Penellus 9. Dr. James Kennedy of the Croberage Bigoted Church has got seven. Where anti-symmatism is their middle name. Greg Vidal is up to five now and I go on Greg's see at the old country kitchen there. In fact, we'll be neighbors pretty soon. The sterling country kitchen. Can you see me living in that complex of carriage hills? Oh boy, I'm taking a camera. What do you think you think that could happen? Why not? I don't know why not. Think there's a halve idea. I mean, I'm an old fart. Why can't I live with a bunch of? In addition, which look how young I'll feel. Sure. I'll feel like I like an end. Forget about teeny. Do you like I'm in a sandbox? Hollywood just finally got the downtown spruce and up real nice. Got a nice public stare across the street. I'm sure you wrote a brand new spiffy public. I'm going to tell you folks, and this is the truth. They don't pay me any money. They are very nice to me when I go in there. But if you got a public's near you, that's where you want to live. You know why me by that? Yeah, excluding a horse to one on my me beach. You know the one I'm talking about? Right. Where they have the ankle paramedics working overtime. That's one of the one of the main criteria for deciding where you want to live. Is there a nice public? Well, is there a public's because they're all nice? Right. Except for the one on a colon zone. Well, there's another one on Park Road in Hollywood. Also ankle paramedics city. Oh, I see. Let's see. Now we're going to interrupt myself with my home. Any votes? I got the Dr. James Kennedy Symbudl. Five, Glenn and Bird Hill. Five, Brian or across. He's only got four. Miriam elephant four, Joey Reynolds three, Janet, Reno three. Well, Brian or across. She's, she's kept out of sight in the closet most of the time. Unless there's a big storm. The big blow is coming along again. To enter Reno three, the crow rhymes with the big blow. He's got three. Alan Courtney, 222, 206, 202, Miss Kamals got one. Whether for a junior, Merlin, Mitchell, one, Sally. Fits, finding out one, Sally. And Josh Beckett has none other. 577. I don't know why that guy put that under. Just for fun, I guess. Huh? I'm sure. Just to get somebody pissed off. 20, sitting there, amazing. They were still saying that. Oh, how a little. Oh, still say pissed off. And we can still play, uh, huh? What? If I hit the right thing, I can't even find. I just can't do it. Isn't this something when you're under a lot of, uh, yeah. I can't get my fucking feet fired up when I hear someone say that. I hate when that happens. Josh. What's his facts? He just sent me before I do the spot. Josh. What is that? Josh. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Are you having another shack attack? Hold day long. Here is our facts from somebody. Oh, Rick and Vancouver haven't heard anyone talk about the Bush administration releasing four or five dollar hearts, Saudi terrorists from Guantanamo Bay and exchange for the same number of unlucky British. They were tortured to admit that they were also terrorists' spies. Aren't the Saudis, our friends? By the way, it gasses back up to Dubuque's again. Our friends say they won't put anymore oil to bring the price back down. And yeah, that was another grotesque story. In fact, here they were wild about that. They were just like, cock about it. P.S. Georgetown, I will be in my mean next week. If he wants to set up a dodgeball game, I'll be the gorilla that burns people. All he has to do is catch the ball. I don't know about that, but we're going to make a boxball court downstairs. Alright. Excellent. And I know he can put right as the human target. Yeah, that's just a clue. I don't want mention no names for the spare of the queer game. For the Schmer the Queerial. Although he really is rock solid when it comes to producing them dolphin games. Now, the only reason Reaper's still here is he's got a lot of naked pictures. These leaves, Billy goats, Greg, screw in. I'm not that whole crowd, even got one of them. Roy! 28 past noon at 5.60, WCMD wake up every morning and crowd at bed. No. Between the kids and the dog and the cats and the parakeets and the parrot and the cockatoo is their normal life for you. Researchers say that they shoppers are choosing bigger mattresses because of overcrowding. And nobody's got a better selection of queen and king size mattresses. Ready for immediate delivery than dial a mattress of course. When you call 1-800 mattress right now, you ought to be doing it. You get a great mattress at a discount price. Only dial a mattress delivers from 8 in the morning till 10 pm every day. Dial a mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau local torture excellence award. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get the best price out of S Brands, delivery on your schedule at your ticket to our window and they hop right through it. And the best customer service in the business. Dial a mattress has the complete line of all the names you love and love and everybody wants. They got Serta and Silly. King coil Simmons temper peatig and Stearns and Foster Hewitt. Everybody at QA and move in the slupper is called 1-800 mattress for their bed because they want a great night sleep. You ought to be doing the same. Call 1-800-MATTRES. Have a great night sleep tonight. If you call right now and for years to come or check them on the web at mattress.com 1-800-MATTRES. And my life and look all this is for 23-Y-C-T. And way and way and. Thank you, baby. All right. Yeah, dude. Rock solid. Lover, ladies, guys. Come on. Let's nominate. Can't you, ladies, guys. Come on. Let's nominate. You know the part is just, you know the show. The nomination was decided long ago. So when they give, I'm carried by now. Just because he has more money than God. It's true now. The nomination. Let's all nominate in a hairless of time. The nomination. So I'm a shesky. There's no one watching it. They're in prime time. So I'm secretly sitting to work together. Or they'll be screwed. They'll know them bad. They're my grats across the land. Come on. Yeah, who? Yeah, who? Now I'm indeed this guy, come on. It's underneath. John, carry his time, come on. This is your foundation. How pretty three, five, sixty, WCM. How's Miguel doing with those $10.00 David Busch's power cards out there at the show station in D'Ral? They're still going, huh? I think. They're still going? I believe so. Are they up up in a way? With a fifth dimension or with Dave Ann Boren? They still got power. I'll ride it. They got their power at the show station. Northwest 87, that would have an 14-sweeten D'Ral. Stop buying pickup a free. You don't have to even give Miguel a kiss, okay? Maybe a little. By the way, at A-Him, it's Frank. Is that who the guy is? Who? We got a new promotions guy, Frank. Oh no, wonder they still got a month. Miguel was there. They'd be gone faster and you can say, Schmidt can. Who the hell's Frank? New promotions guy. Fuckie, band, drive and kind of guy. On other words, he replaced that Fed bitch. No. No, no. Green to quit. I said, flunk. He's L-I-C. He's over the gun. Oh, I'm Miguel, by the way, he's not the promotions director, but he didn't get any more money. And it's usually a lie to him like crazy. At least I think, I don't know. Is that correct? Uh, we don't know yet. I'm sure it is. Well, he's working on real can't fact the Escobar family is going to make Regweed and Offer He can't refuse. Anyway, move on that org, which is so outstanding. There's so many fantastic things. Has got a thing on their website. Which I just got my email. Which I don't want to read the whole thing, but it's just a part of it is right in our neck of the woods. My good personal close friend Jim Stork. Uh, it's a dear move on, member. Yesterday, President Bush has effort to write divisiveness and hate in the constitution went down in flames. Oh, hey, man. Republicans need it. 67 votes in the Senate to pass the federal management. Are they talking about Charlie Christie again? Oh, hey, man. That's right. But they only got 48 votes on yesterday. Not even a civil majority. It's a huge victory for people living in breathing. Despite the defeating Congress, Republicans threaten not to make this an election year issue. Our response. Bring it on. Today, we're highlighting four great democratic candidates who are running against some of the staunch of supporters of writing discrimination in the constitution. If we chip in a little of their campaigns, we can demonstrate that when you try to deny people who civil rights, you don't just lose a vote in Congress, you lose your seat. Nobody wants to lose their seat. Back to him. You can make a secure easy online contribution to these campaigns right now. And then it's got a link to move on packed.org. Yaddi Addi. It says, while all four of our new future candidates have posed the merge amendment, they're also each good progressives and other issues as well. Each of these candidates also has a chance to knock off a conservative right wing politician, moving us closer to the control of the US House. Now, the only one I want. I'm not going to waste the time with Oklahoma and in the end. And what's the, or whatever the other one is, but our first candidate is Jim Stork, an openly gay man, locked in one of the most competitive races in the country. Jim is running against conservative Republican, the anxious clay Shaw and Florida's 22nd district, a democratic leaning seat that grew one in 2000 by five percent. And John Kerry is currently leading in double digits. Stork the former mayor of America now says here, willton gardens, will you people get a right of will bond.org? I tell you people don't know you asked for my elbow. Willton manners now, willton gardens. Jesus God, what in flowers? Willton, let us Milton. The former mayor of willton, man, is what it should say. And a highly successful small business owner is running in the, a health assault ball player too. And a close personal friend of mine once upon a time. But anyway, is running into aggressive and intelligent campaign in the city of the city, and the mayor of presidential battleground politics for our county Florida. His election to Congress would make him only the fourth openly gay member serving the West House. Gloria, a movie member from Miami says of Jim Jim Stork, as a man who's well respected and presented restoring the rights for all of us rights there being removed by the Patriotic and rights that are being denied to people to the sexual orientation of the man of honor. And that is much needed in the West Congress. You go Jimmy, nice going boy. So there you go. Sit him for the money, please. Was that enthusiastic enough? No, no. No, no. All right. Let's take some calls here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, where it was lunch. Let's get it out of our system. A little bit of that good old soft Florida. A little ad hate. Look at disgusted nausea that nausea is feeling. Don't forget everybody hates somebody sometime. Am I right? All right. Right. Especially in South Florida. Everybody hates somebody all the time. All the hate all the time. Which of these people do you think is or was the most despise, South Florida personality of all time? Radio TV, newspaper, politics, law order, misorder, street corners, anything. Here's what we got live. You know what we got. Rick Sanchez, kill him so far. Like that guy. WQAM. Hello. I got two for your phone. Yeah. Steve Kane and I got you to do candy bars. Who's that? I came here. I want to say the barl to money for you. Never pay to back. I came memories. Oh, stand major. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. I got a candy bars. I thought it was talking about the candy wrapper. Remember that thing? I sure do. This is it. Wow. Yeah. That was a great bit. Can't play that. No, no. Got fine for that. Cause it was too funny. So let's get Steve Kane on there. Mr. Ego. Mr. Ego Jr. Excuse me. And the stand major. Reason I say Mr. Ego Jr. is nobody has an ego like Howard Stern. I don't know. I know we have a lot of Stern fans listening to this show. Fine. I don't know. You're entitled. You're a crap. You know, supporting all those white wingers all at that time. Kiss and bushes ask for a long, long time. Kissing up to the war and all of the Southern Unacceptable garbage. Now all of a sudden capitalizing and exploiting the freedom of speech issue to make himself into a murder and to like give more people a publicity. Then that's all he's all about. I mean, I handed to him. He knows how to do it. And he's always threatening to walk out and threatening if Mel Carma's and leaves a whole bunch of us here at infinity or walk. He ain't going anywhere. Okay. All they had to do was lick his wounds and to put him on a few more of their stations all the way. And that's it. That's all it took to keep that ego going. I mean, who else in this business stays out on extra half hour every day, pass when their time is up just because they're ego. In other words, they haven't finished feeding their own ego yet. See what I'm saying? Yeah. I can't take it no more. WDQAM. Hello. Daniel. Yes sir. How about the mayor of the toilet bowl, Dave County? Hi, Alia. Role Martinez. But I want Martinez. Man, I tell you one thing is a little boxy. That's what the opposite. Okay, you got a mine. Thanks a lot. Role Martinez. They never met a crypt. They didn't like in high Alia. One thing about child Florida, man. And maybe a lot of other places. Well, I guess it's not just so photo-like in Chicago. Look at the Richard Daily, the first. Dick Daily. I know. I know. I know. Just like that thing just walk away. Okay. Okay. I know. Stop right now. I see. The problem with you is you just don't drop it. You keep squeezing it and holding onto it. And just drop right on the floor. There. That's it. Good choice. Because we're under these tremendous guidelines and restrictions and whatever. It's all a bunch of crap is what it is. Good old American right wing crap. But the pendulum has a way. Remember the pits in the pendulum, right? Are there pretty pits? Pits in Lee? Or was that Elijah pits? I bet you that Josh don't even know who Elijah pits is. Now. And I fell player. Maybe you want to get with it man. You're supposed to be part of that sports mop. We got a QAM. Elijah pits. Yes. You kidding me? Ha ha ha. During the break. I'm going to go on the line. You are just unbelievable. You really are. You're brain must be the size of a. See you. Yeah. At least he admits it. Funny to one a QAM. Hey, the deals are hitting up now. The 2004 model here is winding down. How do they old gas does that? If you want a new car, truck that'll give you dependability and reliability, then get your Asked out at Armstrong Toyot of Homes Day today. There are US-1 20 minutes south of the A36. They're worth the drive because they're going to save you so much cash. Thousands on great new Toyotas. Right now Armstrong Toyot of Homes Day is clearing up. All remaining O-force and passing on fantastic savings to you. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. You can lease an O-4 KAM. Armstrong Toyota Homestead was the first even off of your free-tars and batteries for life and now they're the first to off you on top of all of that free replacement parts for life. All of these things. You heard me write tires, batteries, and free parts for life, what's not to like. You won't get a better deal anywhere on a Toyota and South Florida than this place. No bait and switch, no phony deals. Just low every day, prices 365 days a year. So see our buddy David Rich, the GM for a fantastic, unbeatable deal. Armstrong Toyota Homestead, the US-1 and 2.93th street in Homestead, just 20 minutes south of the 86th drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. And my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, I, and when? Want you to Ooh I feel wood-is filled with Love Wedding tell me and I feel pretty out of itwi. So I can find So I can find,, I can find Yes and I can find Yes, I can find Yes and I can find Yes fed Her lover was 14 With sits on his face Oh my God Their chauffeur was 15 He drove him all over the place Oh my God Shame on you Debbie Unlead the disgrace That's why this teacher is a tram She is a truck that gorgeous blue-eyed angel Who likes their middle school boys They were her toys In the backseat Came her defeat Won't ever be teaching She'll now be a vamp That's why this teacher is a tram All right Talk shows and comics All over the screen They're talking about Debbie And her young teen Photogly tattoos With some Chinese in between That is why this teacher is a tram She'll make a million On her first book The TV movie Will have us all hooked Her 14 year old lover He made her a crook That's why this teacher is a tram Larry King Lennon Mario Bros I'm sure he's doing both shows That's the life she chose She's losing But I food Sweet Debbie Please He's your call Please won't you teach me What's all it? All arranged the grand What's all it? Come on baby Please be my tram How for the 8560 WCN Herz David Lakeland says How come we're not hearing anything about Bush's military records being destroyed? It's been all over our website by the way They've taken a peek near Rogers.com It's been on her as it in time That's our end up media for it How come we're not hearing about the vallery claim? I mean if it was happening to Clinton or done that Somebody in his administration would have done that Out of the CIA operative Following a grotesque Violation of the law They wouldn't have stopped Ever It's still being in the oven It's just amazing the crap that goes on On the media but it would have been about about about how well things are going I mean 17 did a rakey yesterday But that's an aberration Everything is going really great They got a good spy organization They're developing over there now So they can share why is everybody in 72 I book our rib now Oh damn I hit one this happened I printed something out just now And it didn't come out. I got a blank page Okay, something I have to go right to my website Okay Because Josh there was such a punk Elijah Pitz who died in 1998 Six years ago with the ages 60 Score this first rushing touchdown In the Super Bowl is a running back at the Green Bay Packers We spent nine seasons before becoming a long time assistant coach in the NFL in CFL Spend 16 years as Buffalo Bill's assistant in 1995 Interrom head coach after Marvoli was diagnosed with prostate cancer I didn't like that He started Flandersmith college for all you Flanders out there Which chosen in the 13th route of the 61 draft by Green Bay Also played in Chicago I lay New Orleans before we're targeting 71 Again coaching career under Chuck Docs in LA in 73 went to Buffalo Houston Hamilton Tiger Cats of the CFL Before we joined the bills in 1985 is running back coachy died of abdominal cancer in 1985 in addition to which If I can go back here a little bit On July 10th 1998 The Buffalo bills in the NFL mourned the passing of Elijah Pitz With a fact I'm gonna look at this thing Okay Just to give you little education since you supposed to be a sportsman Okay, one thing about our radio station man anybody it's like more than five years ago They don't know anybody I mean I looked him up over the break too as a matter of fact and he was a great player man He was a turd He went on to six super balls with the Packers What are you talking to bills? I just looked at his statistics I'm here to tell you he's a turd Whether he was a turd or not Oh look at that North Carolina North Carolina bush 48 carry 45 sell them to side The least latest Mason Dixon pool Carry is posed within three points in North Carolina Florida East Wow He was a turd Yeah, the only say I never say he was a great player Oh, that you turd did I? No, but he certainly was a well known player in the NFL Okay played a whole bunch of super balls How many super balls is J. Feetler played in? Zero Huh? Oh, I see how many super balls is Uh, what's his name? I'm a touchy-feely played in Zero Yeah, so rest my case Got all mighty Let's see, Joe and Southmine is his hook and not put the hump or on the pool I've been waiting for somebody else to do it There you go Hank over a gutter monitor Oh, this is bad not I'm not reading this He hates his hates your fan eyes hanker Joe and Southmine Okay, now that can't be that chronic Joe that's been called for our mid years with every time I hear his voice I get diarrhea. Oh, I hope it's not those Florida presidential race, bush 43, carry 43, need or five Oh my god, you need or people we're going to have to We're going to have to lock you in your house on the election day People crazy or what? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah the crazy and so is he Oh, man We've got the whole future of the human race, hang in our balance And we got five percent of these silly stubborn Span's holes out there Man Is Amy just ended at do they stick with the Republican party or do they break number two Watch the African American turnout there. Got everybody coming on on you dark folks man You're going to bring your relatives your kids your step by children You're a little legitimate kids everybody's coming out to vote on election day November 2. Okay See better get everybody registered in fact all those right wings in a Baptist church They were around and up and registering all those right wing religions to the be sure to be voting How about an all-in black churches huh? Every every block is got how many churches in a black town? Not good man Right and every block so you better get with it Get everybody registered because this time no matter how many votes they've tried to throw up They're going to be so many like Zillions and Zillions including people who died 20 years ago And I'll tell you one thing right now mom's going to vote again this year Yeah, I'll find her I'll find her voter registration card. I'll dress up and drag. I'll go vote twice. Look just like her Let's see pencil vein you're right now carry 46 bush 41 Nater 5 oh Jesus wouldn't even make close to native word in the mix in the mix Why he is just and and not only him how can people be that stupid? But I still believe that as we get closer to election because he only got like 2% to 1.5% in the last time He's not going to get anymore than at this time Oh that could be it that could be you know there'd be just leave it close enough so that can steal it again Oh, well, uh, current Thomas just said pencil vein. Yeah, I just got through saying I did not hear well They're showing stable out this kind of interesting although it's only the middle of July Speaking of gambling plus you knew guts out Harris entertainment is buying Caesar's entertainment for 5.2 billion dollars in cash and stock and a deal I would create the largest gambling company in the world The deal announced yesterday clips his last month high profile MGM or Raj merger with Mandalay resort group I'll sitting up a battle for customers on the liquid of biggest group ever been in the man Mandalay No, no, okay But with the ones I don't like it for some reason over I you know, I'm talking kitty quarter the MGM grand Yeah, I'll hire carry 50 bush 44. Oh hello, yeah, there is a guy. Oh With NATO and a mix it's carry 49 bush 43 and either only 2% so at least they got a little bit of brains in Ohio Then I can suck them with that phony baloney self agrandizing ego abandoned by a Ralph later Now what was I just saying oh yeah kitty quarter the MGM grand now right across the street is New York New York was at there when you were there. Yes, great hotel Are you winning there now where did you stay I stayed at the MGM and the Traveccana This time yeah, I'm a hotel hopper, you know, I never heard such a thing I like to experience all the hotels. What's wrong with that? But you can experience all the hotels by going you mean the rooms now just you know You can experience the casinos by like hopping around which everybody with a brain does That's what I did I just went from casino to why would you stay there? I don't know the red across the street for me. Another right oh my god. You better get this guy some um we hope I'm serious, but anyway and the only time people stay at a different hotel is a thing book it ahead of time And like the hotel isn't available on one of the nights or two nights are gonna be there and so then you know they hop across well whatever Well, that's what happened, but I didn't mind all well why didn't you say that okay It's there making yourself sound like some kind of a misfit like they kicked you out one night because you have an origin you remember something or because you were doing a whole lot of drugs or because you were tearing up the room like some of your athletes Anyway, is that my athletes the hockey that's your Elijah I'm sorry. Yeah, why didn't you quit knocking lines up piss I remember what super well they were screaming piss piss. And I say yeah, it is I don't remember which game that was bills must have been anyway What am I talking about oh a kitty corner across the street or why did cross from the traffic cannon is where they have all the casinos I despise The what's the the pyramid one there looks or The man and you know after they built the mandala debate they weren't sure that it was gonna settle properly and they waited to held their breath to make sure that it wasn't like fall seriously What's wrong with the luxo? Heated and then what's the one on the corner there the circus one the Oliver that the kids oh man kids it's a kitty crab Yeah, it's strictly like Disney World for a gambler and it's chency chency and the food there sucks I mean you go to a place in Vegas with bad food and you really have to search because man or so many great restaurants in Vegas Am I right a Josh that's right? I mean Josh was there at the eat net that burger joint Now, where did you eat it? Oh, that's where you ate the emeralds. Yeah, that was a but I was a good choice because the brown derby name gym is it's okay But it's overrated and that other one working shruck Oh, man. They give you a big portion if you just think they like so whole bunch of food on your plate. That's fine, but I wouldn't wish it on a hundred camera or Gregory Oh, it just got the hell and when I'm up in Belka take a slap in all women with painted lips around the pole I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two Yeah, I mean I don't understand any other I just learned balance when it's a lot more U.S. Wood Coalition has transferred sovereignty to an in-row my wacky government two days earlier than anticipated here Now is the next serve from the official proceedings. This is an amazing day in the history of two countries I've gone on the United States and Iraq. That's you on me. What are we doing here? Chief Justice Maddie de Mamou? Hello Here you go. Here you go. Why push these keys? It's all yours. What's online? You give me a car? No, Iraq it's under your control. We're out no no no no no no no no no no no wait a minute Wait a minute Paul it's too early you got two days left and then I'm just gonna talk to you about that I think we should push it back well. No, we figure since we should get him well, it's casually we're gonna get going Okay, wait wait a minute schedule. I don't even have shoes. I don't have no police there's no cars They got a sweater rocks. We're gonna love it. We're gonna get out of the green zone No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, go from the green zone. What do you mean? It's got deep breath. We're lost. I'm steller awhile. I got you a nice place there It's only two days was a different so much as to fast. No, or if I were gonna do that Wait a minute don't go we're not ready. You're fine. We are not ready I don't own a pair of shoes Maddie you're very funny. We're gonna do it Go, no, no, no. That's not to be funny Say this all wall right now. We're not ready. You can't come in bomb after my country Then give me the keys and say it's all yours, but it's all coming together It's all coming to get it. They should have me in the road the people are happy now That's how much God I wonder's happy look at that kid over there. Is he happy smiling? I put your presence as he loved they love they love they love they love Truly I get one between the eyes it's all there. Well, that's why I'm leaving. I I wait a minute I I I heard my foot I could walk. I talk about a rationale the interim prime minister E that alawaii says everything's gonna be okay. Oh no why do you tell me the Americans gonna be okay for this is stupid? I didn't think he took me seriously We were the prime minister even said to me that you guys are capable of controlling the security situation I'm here to tell you poor brother. We are not we cannot control nothing you understand that not even my blender Look at him. He beat him. So we can't control this you stay gun steak The United States of America glad that help 103 at five 60 WQM It's our big one to two hour. We got Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog today because you know Two three days a week is plenty and then we got the Humphrey at four who just went out of our pull let's see how he's doing In fact, let's take a look which of these people do you think is or was the most despised softwater personality of all time Rick Sanchez Nobody gonna touch him and who would want to quite frankly. Do you know he's about like two feet tall? How many feet three one in half? Comes up to your kneecap Rick Sanchez 287 Wayne highs in the 70. I mean what kind of a no contest? Even OJ who passed mole like he was in a prone position OJ's got 59 most got 50 I need to grind 26 spooky's the rate 21 Larry King 19 podcast Renault but 19 Gloria step on 19 The Elijah 60 and I'm moving on up to the side Alien Gonzalez 15 Maria L. Elephant 14 Alex Picus Penelis Has got 13 Dr James Kennedy a bigot if we ever saw one's got 11 a rabble-rousing right wing lunatic Janet Reno six Glenn the bird hill five Greg beat L five Brian or cross four the crow's got four joy Reynolds has got Three must be the govody Eisenman the boob of the Bay's cousin boob of Billy or whoever that guy was remember no Oh, yeah, well, you're you're doing Tony cigarette O three Alan Courtney to Sally Fitz to Rall Martinez to Hank Goldberg the Hubbers got a pair Maryland missile one Steve came Mr. Ego Jr's got one Josh Beckett finally got about nice going Josh. I'm right Bill C'mon, she's got one in Stan Major. Do I have any and everybody say how to six hundred eighty one vote stand on have any people Saying who oh the candy bar guy don't you remember anybody by every watch lately and he have a milky way light if you people are getting off your Duff Come on Josh get off your Duff WQM hello How you doing buddy pretty good pali That I'm not sure show I'm gonna what goes down. But I'll get the area that month But I heard just interesting story now the light to share with you Basically was on I heard of a radio and it came from an AP from watching his post There's just some of those those are leave over But coach right and they say corned through on the place you're fourth they said that It's brother-in-law shot them in the legs because there was a rattlesnake around his leg But no one ever saw the rattlesnake She put in the leg yeah But the funny thing is the worship post has in the last three months It's been a hundred mysterious So those are getting a heart you know when they're over here or leave from the war I think it's pretty interesting you know push you talk about how they're all happy over there I mean like they come over here or even I get broken legs and all but they ain't gotta go back I think it's all for fun, you know Well, okay, well, we'll see we can drop up some last four you're five six seven. Oh five six. Did you understand that? You know one thing we haven't had and maybe you did this which since this they view of era America and the Liberty progressive But you're crap they got a 940 there including the goddess on for 75 hours on tape all but one hour on tape And of course, Al frankly speaking, I'm not Bill Riley Franken Do you have any spy reports? No, no, is anybody talking about it? We were starting to have that one early, which I thought was a real one that turned out to be rather jounds again So who need I mean we like this fiery for we just wanted from him by the word facts Would said they suck oh what we knew that WQM hello Speaking they know I don't this is a so what about a shot the bottle Nick DiBottle is an excellent one Well, yeah, now and a sports babe Oh yeah, okay the fabulous point now. She wouldn't look on you are the far talking don't okay, okay Thanks a lot Kelly Nick DiBottle you got a minor Navarro Go step away Solid one-on-one is five sixty Nick DiBottle here gets some votes I remember that night. I was eating dinner at Ruth Chris and he was sitting there at the table across And I saw him and he saw me we kind of like a wave and then I forgot he had been there and on a way out I wasn't trying to be rude even though I can't stand him we hate each other like poison I wanted to stop and shake and his head and said hello, but I forgot he was there, you know Yeah, but we're seriously I really did I wouldn't make that up before true But I'm glad I didn't stop and take a sandwich or worship me time Make us nauseous Nick DiBottle okay, make us you're disgusting speaking of fascist Oh speaking of fascist list of bushes teams lies keep growing says the Madison nut the capital times I don't believe it. This isn't very long or pondress support is a president push and sister Despite the problems be setting his administration at least he's brought morality back to the White House Contrasting him of course with his predecessor Bubba I guess it depends on says Dave is whiteful what your definition of morality is if lying is a moral then Bush really has nothing over Clinton Putting lied about his affair with monocle when scheme was nearly tossed out of offices the result is insistence They didn't have a relationship with that woman was pounced on by the likes of Kenneth Starter Republican majority in Congress and no fair Everything was worth the this cabal and it couldn't hiters among them see to this very day Somehow I'd rather have a president who lies about his personal sex life than one who lies to get us into a war where hundreds of American men and women die Thousands more suffer serious injuries and precious taxpayers dollars are squandered Religating programs for America's own needs to the back burner along with the real war on tear against Osama yama and al-Qaeda The only real casualties of Clinton's lies was on domestic relationship in the unfortunate impact on young monocle's own life If only Bush could say the same But lying has become pervasive among the bush crowd just a few days ago the Inspector General for the Department of Health and Human Services confirmed That the administration purposely held back the true cost of the convoluted Medicare prescription drug bill from Congress No laws were broken. He said, but indeed Thomas Scully The administration's Medicare chief at the time is made the name Scully square after him threatened to have a fire medicair Act where I Richard Foster if he gave two cost figures to Congress when it was debating the bill Indeed the administration law Congress to act under false assumption that the cost of the Medicare bill would be $395 billion over 10 years when a new the real cost was $534 billion then a crash who fought the bill are outraged It sounds as though the Bush administration examined itself and put it in nothing wrong How to represented Pete Starker, California, and relation to Jim Stark who fought the bill for being too generous to the powerful Pharmaceutical operations but many Republicans aren't happy either and especially those who consider themselves physical conservatives the Question remains how many lies can this administration get away with? Not good man 30 thousand Just like they keep insisting. I mean Tony Blair comes out the other day It says well we are met well we never stole a freight train, but it was flawed intelligence and all that stuff We told it was a bunch of crap was all BS no weapons no threat no imminent threat no 40 five minute attack waiting It was all a bunch of crap, but we met well And they're still talking, Cheney and Bush. They're still talking as scholars weapons there and there is a connection Be and the you and the 911 commission comes out and says there is absolutely Possitively no connection between Iraq or Saddam Hussein and 911 and the Cheney still keeps this pertinent same crap out I think his pacemaker must be on the stuck God I got to play that He is just such an hour every you do Such a crump such a liar such a piece of truth You A crappy heart he had a stint Eat up and win They put one back and toss his heart his old The doctor told me a heart is dead But now we really know his heart is old I'm dying of it. Yeah, who would we're told? Yeah The Cheney's got a heart that's old Open don't explode He makes decisions He has the vision He has the country under his control While pushes jogging Six things are vlogging and that's what happens when your heart is old And it's full of hope Yeah, the Cheney's got a heart that's old rock solid and it's gonna blow Oh They're chubby make no mistake about that One thirteen at five sixty W to QM let me tell you right now about the pizza locked in David Been doing it right for a long long time and now they're making offer you really shouldn't refuse It's a money back guarantee that is correct either you get the best pizza at the locked in town or they give you your money back Jeff Cohen the entrepreneur the chef the owner and Egotist at the pizza locked guarantees you'll be thrilled with a food at the pizza lock He's so sure you're gonna love with his three different kinds of rate pizza that a guaranteed you to best pizza Intent give you your money back In fact as you drive it around you look up in a sky and there he is Jeff Cohen. It was not the show there. He is you opened door in our studio and there Is he's everywhere The best pizza in town or your money back after 27 excruciating years in south photo pizza lock is under reputation for Consistently great quality food and service far beyond Expectations not just another pizza joint, but a fantastic restaurant with a give you big fresh portions Everything is cooked order. They guessed the best garlic rolls in town They got Every kind of pasta this ever invented and the lots more too Jeff is inviting you to stop by pizza lock today. Take them up on his offer for the best pizza in town and I guarantee I bet you George's life on you become one of the regulars there too and now they are Be a balance for life zone diet menu items as well as whole wheat pizza and whole wheat pasta The pizza lock in Davie you'll find them on university driving a pizza lock Plaza right between Griffin and the 595 and pizza lock is open every day seven days a week for lunch and dinner They delivered a most of southwest brown fantastic catering to for the little five bucks ahead As little as five bucks ahead. I don't forget they got lots of heat parking here too right in front Oh, I heard that they're redoing at Plaza by the way that I ever mentioned this How many times I would say Did they redoing the Plaza and Jeff is getting some iron on without ever lined it? He'll find it pizza lock column my at this number for delivery takeout catering 954 916 88 80 916 88 80 it's legendary. It's the pizza lock. Come on a money back guarantee Here's for 205 cc 2 AM God you're breast are beautiful Don't eat and I'm the big oh What's that stand for? Oh, that's just short for Orlando blue you don't look you know Wow Now kneels gonna rip me for four hours I'm been asked to keep distance strict confidence But in case you want to win right away He is Joe got suspended Joe got suspended How many of you take this call from our special guest Roberto L'Ongo? Hi, everybody, so you know that I'm the boys in the pants There's no I'm sure that squeaky boys guy that goes down all the time Oh You got me confused when the character on another show That's not me. I have children you know Do it boy do it You want a funny thing I'll do it You do it Do it boy We take it into that right now Don't amulet Don't amulet Hey I don't watch walking out of him Just thinking I'm going to go Come here I want to crush you and then look at you 120 a Q and the thing about suspension is of course that goes back to a Greg reading his juvenile mentality I like to sandbox mentality the whole radio station operation sandbox kids in a sandbox with a pale on a shovel I never worked at a place in my life anywhere I worked at how many radio stays not good man Where there were so many suspensions. Oh, this one got suspended because he looked at Greg cross side or because he talked nasty to screw in or the water now See it's like juvenile jury all over again Like ding dong school without Francis Horowitz I bet you Josh don't know who Francis Horowitz is Yeah, oh come on ding dong school yeah here all time is talking yeah, that's right old farce know that stuff But Elijah pits my god that is the screen and he's trying while he's stunker. I look just stats Is it every station man is just like it and of course, so what he have to do with check everything to a check Oh, I rest my case him when we talk about him That's it. That's all we need WQ and hello Hi, Neil I got a couple spy reports for you. Okay. I don't know if anybody told you but when you played the I hate the bird bit this morning It did not get dumb Oh, well Well, we got our fresh shots. I did and I did hear that word also on your America this morning Oh, and I think it's it we can see it. Hi, that is great Too bad they're cutting they don't play fart sounds yet. Maybe that's the next thing Then then we can get it back right that I think that's the real fair America place for it sounds that we can get him back Okay, well I'll call him request that okay anyway. It's really not that bad. I don't think America the guys in the morning can be kind of amusing And it's interesting because it's stuff that I agree with just like you you know I could never listen to the rush because I hate everything that he says and everything that he thinks but Al Franken You know if he's interviewing somebody it's interesting Like he had Carl Highson on the other day. Oh, God. Oh, I cheat. Oh, oh, no, Carl Highson. Oh my god You know, it's funny that you should mention that because I was thinking a couple of days ago I don't know what maybe think of it back in the INZ days when they first put me on in the daytime after being on the night for a long time and I remember one of my early issues I had Tom Piedler and Carl Highson from the Harold and I All the years I was on I can't think of a more boring coma inducing show Oh, dude, so better him than me. It's all I can tell you anyway when he's with a guess he's not too bad But when he tries to do something funny like he does Impressions sometimes The cheney and the other day was doing strong sermon. It gets really really old fat So that's really hard to take but other than that it's not too bad. It's it's liffinable and when there's nothing else in town That's all you got so but Randy the problem Randy is Today they play the same cake that they played yesterday. All right nice gone people You're a radical man. So keep channel rules man. Yeah, yeah Vanessa and me do it turn that off But the one problem with her and at the same thing when she was Being funny back before she became the liberal guy before she decided to say the world right right She does the same thing if she does say something funny She'll say it over and over and over and It's that's like my what my husband does you know, okay? I'm not gonna laugh because you'll just keep saying it You know like a little sophomore it could So but she's She's Randy she's all see her was There you go. Well, that's it all again But I hope that it is successful to tell you the truth because Or it has to get out there and we're being taken over by the right wing and it has to stop So good luck We're gonna make any difference. I say hey how Louie you but I don't think they're gonna make a Who's worth a difference? Well the only the only thing is it's something different to lift There you go because then he argues a little boring and how I understand time too. So yeah, but he can't have too much sports don't forget that Have a great time Too much check it's all check all day We got check and we're back the heat the heat we can't beat the heat What a funny bunch of oh man. It's just it's just amazing Unbeleivable And of course to show you how very narrow the town is because when a path is got pop-out brewery just just like when Josh said Body lodge of pits who who that Was the same thing with pop-out brewery because in South Florida how how do we have a hockey team? How is it possible Man, oh man you should find Alan Cohen and Tom for 20 million you'll send them some primo real estate in the middle of the Everglades Fego give me discount about 10 million will just split it three ways Road a hockey team in South Florida. There wouldn't know pop-out brewery from From Pablo of the dog Pablo, but he's got a huge pair Well, I'm sure you've seen him there's ready to climb lower Other silly person five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line WQA him hello Oh, I'll mail yes Hey, for your poll. I thought the lovely the beautiful Kathy with us Okay, he will us well there you go nobody. I don't like Kathy with all in my model the things under skin. Okay. Thanks, pal. Kathy will it's I'm curious. Huh? What I think that drop in that we got I think we can still play hey Neil. It's true. I can't have an orgasm just driving down on 95 but only if you're driving the side me what a grotesque done. Oh, she's got that what what do you call that that modeled skill? You know pride hamburger flesh Yeah, that's her I In the criminal justice system there is a threat so grave so terrifying so Skanky it requires an elite force of investigators. It's law and order courting love unit We got a suspect who matches the description Struggly leads hand swap makeup dressed like a hooker. She's stumbling in her speeches slurred colds horse too. Yes there just as I thought It's Courtney love let's roll This law and order courting love you Oh No, she's gonna flash your breast again pick up her Nasty stories rip from today's headlines about a pseudo celebrity who's always ripped law and order Courtney love unit now you'll get the punishment you deserve we're putting you in the hole Call you mean you're putting my band back together No, that would be punishing everyone else Law and order Courtney love unit fighting crime has never been this uncle 31 man she is just a prophetic tragic there worked to describe that bitch nasty Just she needs to be put in there like Terry's law, you know Yeah, just put a right next to Terry Shival and see if the abortion help her answer Relic state developer and top democratic political fundraiser Charles Kushner of living to New Jersey was charged by federal prosecutors this week with conspiracy obstruction of justice and interstate promotion of prostitution All right the charges were announced by US attorney Christopher J. Christie for New Jersey Chris Christie I wonder if he's can to Luke Christie In fair I wonder if Josh knows who Luke Christie is No New Christie Luke Christie now Don't surprise should be surprised I know who he is No, if I if you didn't know who Luke Christie was I mean that would be Let's be for my time only because they asked you about it listen before my time well we better get Josh They're listening to magic one or two points semorlies is when it does something really bad just Come up to a chair and crack it up real out You'll have their righteous brothers until he's got even the dead one coming out of his Braccombe ears In February 2003 Christie's office began investigating Kushner for alleged violation of federal facts and fraud statues and for purported Violation of federal campaign contribution laws According to the indictment to the cooperating witnesses in investigation and married couple described as those relatives of Kushner Provided information against him to federal investigators The indictment alleges that Kushner initiated his scheme to orchestrate a court I'm sorry a covert video tape seduction of the cooperating male witness and an attempt to thwart the investigation The indictment says Kushner recruited two individuals to hire woman to have sex with a male witness and later instructed them to male the video tape demands wife Was the other cooperating witness in the investigation Benjamin Brockman Charles Kushner's attorney calls the charges baseless Charles Kushner's one of the most respected Ministers leaders in the community and widely known as the generous philanthropist prop and set in statement the charges filed are It's hardly basically audio there you go. There's a Democrat on a hotseeper being a pervert a fire leader on speaking that The other way around Democrats who the Republican Party state committee in New Hampshire and its former executive director over the jamming at telephones Set up to take calls from Democrats seeking rights to the polls on election day 2002. This is the administration. These are the people that we're gonna bring morality and And decency back to politics remember that credit the company Conservatives who want to do gay bashing because they want to like have you think about anything except all the people dying in Iraq and all the lies they told everybody And all the people out of bin out of will of work The lawsuit also names ahead of a telemarketing firm was been charged in a separate federal investigation with conspiring to jam five telephone lines At Democratic Party orifices party officials said this week Dirty politics has no place in our electoral process. Oh, yeah, what a joke said state Senator Lou Dillisonro Orvid Lamo Tanya What kind of a name is that Ovid Ovid Ovid Alemotanya a turning for New Hampshire Republican Party said the lawsuit disrupts the federal investigation Confusing an orderly and appropriate process The lawsuit sees an injunction preventing the GOP from engaging in illegal activities in the November election and Six damages for the cost of setting up offices in telephone lines for getting voters to the polls in 2002 Prosecutor said the lines were jam for about an hour Says here for about one hours says the AP For about one hours oh My god when Ed lady tells me that he had a curl highest in the other day all I can say that is oh my god gosh I mean you talk about terminal and coma inducing Let's have a bunch of writers on how about Bob Woodward? Let's get him on to talk about the sec criteria of state. Huh? Okay, I mean They're just a lot of people are very brilliant people. They're good writers, but they just can't articulate and they tend to be a little boring And pondress especially when they talk about the sec criteria Secretary of sleep I think is what he was talking about What is this thing you just said me have I seen this what do you do when some morons criticize you and a news report? If you do us attorney for the Southern District of Florida the top federal copy answer is easy you blackball the news reporter No, I have not seen this this is a thing. So page one of six only set you two because that's where the link is is on the second page There well, I'm not gonna go through you think I'm gonna read six pages here. No When you us attorney general John Askroff is it at Miami two weeks ago as part of a nation by blince to provoke the Bush administration's war on terror He should a scary warning Multiple available streams of intelligence and I will I wonder if Josh Beckett is found where those streams are Multiple available streams of intelligence indicate the West that I'll cut a fence to attack the U.S. this year and the hit us hard He declared the USA Patriot Act is working to protect the mercilies and liberties and it makes it possible first of ring charges against individuals Of the threat of the US in our security and anticipation of Ashcroff's Miami appearance his host US attorney Marcos the him and is no relation to Jose him and his issue is own warning Though this one was directed a local news organization not the nation at large And though it did not concern terrorists it was chilling in its own way And men is instructed as special counsel for public affairs Carlos Castillo no relation to her birth or Castillo Jr To phone in some extraordinary news to channel six I Seemins that old hack Senior correspondent for the NBC on station would be banned from askroff's June 30 at news conference At the federal justice building in downtown Miami he said if you said I could you will not he will not be allowed in We counseled WTV did Respirus and for news you vet milly Molly whatever name is who took the call she says you responded to Castillo that's shocking Shocking is in oh my god You can't really dictate to us who will send a cover in the van I asked him what his issues were my way He would even try to go down that road and he talked about a past story. Oh, this goes on forever About Seemins the distance NBC news. Hardness a principal correspondent Latin America He went spend somebody is covering the bloody civil war's in the Karagwin El Salvador and Yadi Adi Adi Adi It's just whatever Himminess looked uneasy but held his position when I lose confidence in somebody because of the fairness of his reporting Then that's something needs to be hashed out Vogue it then informed him and as that had Seemins been in town. He very likely would have shown up So I guess they sent him on vacation. He's a long vacation anyway. You're no hack. I go. Okay I don't blame them as much as I despise on ask prop and all the Nazis around him I don't blame them for not allowing you there. Okay I wouldn't let him anywhere near me or my house or my dogs if they were still alive or even now that they're dead And even my mother You're an old-puddy daddy. You're no hack. You and Mickey Harrison have a great life But you he's all whipped up. Now that we got check You know what I said we we got check all right us All right, he arrived Oh man Clean the whole thing Oh I don't care about any you people. I just stand your money For dollars here. I got it. Oh my credit cards. Oh, that's it. Okay Well, I had it's moments especially the probably it kept saying check. I like that a lot Only one till two Curtis Stevenson for the highly overworked him manager to My David's a bitch Welcome to 60 minutes and then another See to the cross for me as America's 40 second resident brilliant Jefferson Clinton He's just written his memoirs and for the next hour. I'll be as well. Well, hold out there damn what the hell is going on here Dan where is less list all literally stole yeah, we're is she I'll specifically requested that I'll be interviewed by Leslie stole Come on quit play this you hide somewhere come on out baby bills here It sure I believe Leslie stole is our assignment say what I want Leslie stole She's supposed to wear a sexually little skirt a skirt. Yeah, and no panty hose. What I like that bear leg look Mr. Clinton. Leslie stole is not here damn Well, is there anyway? I can get you to what her fam. She works for she in it Oh, I'm Maria by the robot Mr. Clinton bleach falls on no solid out of Brian new Carol Pustell You never know our bill no Christie moves imagine no Nor all Donald no Ashley vanfield no can do Campbell Brown not gonna happen What about that hot blonde chick from Fox News? Oh, you mean L'Ready Yeah, oh man. I like the Lori do her please Mr. Clinton fun You win and then you've finally come to your senses just bring me grudd of answer turn on a paper bag Mr. President that's enough none of those women even work for six minutes Well, right all right. I know when I'm beat I guess I'll have to sell for a fifth of Jack Daniels and Andy Rudy Ever notice how Dan Reddestine has found so much like Keith Jackson. It's amazing to me 144 16 goes to 160 W Mike did cuz not gonna want for you. I sent it no lawyer. That's how desperate the Republicans were because of the other guy who had like a little hanky Panky problem going on here, but anyway, so Mike did cuz this is No, he says I can't stand a faggs and this all really makes me want a gang, but nevertheless and he probably would have won After seeing a way our old pull off that crap in California because America's just obsessed with that kind of person I apologize Yeah, too late I've sensed with celebrities in the sports hero. I apologize I'm gonna apologize Yeah, although he is rock solid. That's what Maria said Right, that's why she don't have a chin anymore. She's to play a mean chin ball that Maria Well, speaking of that George is gonna be doing it four hours on console hockey tomorrow and has followed up to that show on Fusball and the square. That's right. Which I can't wait for that 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line rolling along sing this song Oh, I'm so pleased that that lady called it and tell me that Al Franken was interviewing Carl Heisen that makes my The nerds tingle man. You're gonna have to show the shit right through my welcome huh? You're gonna have to get you a GE super radio with the tape deck Man, here's our only call left QAM hello Neil and Bob Speaking you know what's going on there? You yeah, I really know you're still man, but I got a couple I got a couple things to say First of all, check Not Good things that up this one, but I didn't want I didn't call this all about that You know first I like to say George does it look a good job then, but I Don't know sometimes a little anal, but I really enjoyed the show yesterday about He was his wife and you know the whole Self-adding advertising for the knowledge of that pretty good But I think Neil come on man, you know it's Jack is coming down and he is gonna pay from your bills He's gonna pick money in your pocket Will you buy some of my bills? Give me that box right second now I'm all for it man. I didn't know that Man now that I know checks to be paying my bills. How much you're just curping will you pay that? Hey, what the why I didn't get money out of doing is bitch about that Yeah, there we go. Only problem being the check on that come to time. I get out of here. Okay, silly person You silly person man. I'll just make my skin crack Jack is in the pin my bills. Oh, man, you know, this is the problem. Tell me you a dark folks out there Paul in moly man. They're going Like Reagan said he was gonna like solve all the black unemployment problems by having like 7,000 and B 18s it just didn't work out I mean what you be talking about man. I was really saying he's gonna piece of my bills See if he said he wasn't gonna talk about check, but that's what he really wanted to talk about was Jack I thought this could be the ones show on this station where we could get you for a solid hour Without some goofball silly ass call her out there talking about check and check about a paper You can take Mickey Harrison you can take the Miami heat You can take Pat Riley with his slick down greasy here You can take shack and all another got to rise and you can stick away the moon dome child, okay? Man, I didn't care about the NBA or the heat or shack before any of this happened and I could care less now You know, he's paying bills for worse. Yeah, wait while he's paying my bills. We're supposed to care about shack Holy man. Oh, but he is a lot solid no question about that This I'm serious these sports nerds. No listen. This is like this radio station 20 hours a day or exception of 10 to two 20 hours a day. This is like a on the year mental institution All the crazy move. I'm not that we don't have our own it's a different variety. We have our own garden variety not case But I mean all these sport that just sports nerds, but I mean way be whatever is beyond that I don't know what the category is but way beyond that see just if you don't know what Elijah pits You're just you're not gonna be odd to be in that category and you're not gonna be allowed in a rub Right in the fraternity what will I do console hockey Rag tag that's for sure. Yeah, or certainly Schmier the queer That was special WQAM hello WQAM hello Speaking Hey, how are you sir great show Great show. Yeah, I was thinking I was thinking about this warna ramp in a few of general curshings In World War one yeah, yeah, remember the name I don't remember him personally was a little before Yeah, a big mustache. I know that yeah, well, you know I don't understand why we don't try something like that today. I mean, you know because you had lined up 50 Romics and World War one and shot 49 of them with poets coated in pigs Why then now there you go. That's a good idea 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Oh, maybe we can find him in Persian Square you think What the Persian cat there you go. How many QAM hello If you're gonna be my built-in I applied a work at WQAM Absolutely in fact you can work for the heat I'm wrapped in my recipe right over no problem. We'll give you the PO box in fact that Kind of called me for a couple of calls ago that rocket scientists what he's gonna be doing is he's gonna call in later I think during Curtis is show for the mad dog and give us the PO box that you can send off In fact what you can do you know how a lot of people do like you do direct the Reignant direct deposit director you pay right off the in fact just forward it all day was shafts PO box will be given out exclusively here on QAopen over One solid Hi, this is Jim love You It's my understanding. I want to you, fellas. Jim, Jim, Jim, Jenny and Demi. Was it you? Nobody in this room said, Jimmy. I don't know what's a Jenny and Demi. It was we and he was over here, man. But that's wrong. Jimmy and Demi. No. Jimmy and Demi. No. You gotta say... I want to listen to What. I want to listen to what. Everybody comes down what we're going to do now is we're going to set our program director on fire and offer him up as a sacrifice to the God of sports. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Bring back your sanctity of sports radio. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down. Come down.