please is right in the a or compress between So we have no bedtime stories on here. We're not going to be able to guess to put the verse pull on or can you do that? Uh, no. So like I said, let's just go home. Just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 430 p.m. And the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets, and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces. The post office recommends that you mail early in the day, and for those with automobiles, alternate side of the street parking will be suspended. That's the end of the world. Next Tuesday at 430 p.m. Market Down. Tonight we are our country awakened today's room. In cold to the thin freedom. Cold to the thin freedom. This is the end of the world. Why does the sea rush too soon? But, as you conduct, ultimately leads to war. Don't they know it's the end of the world, cause you don't love me anymore. This nation is opposed to war. You don't take a roadie, you're loading, you're loading, you're loading. Why did the stars grow apart? Look right, right, right, right. Don't they know it's the end of the world? How tall? It ain't it when I lost your love. If I ever turn this into a ring, you'll pin the morning, and I wonder. Do you think I'm afraid? Why ever planes the same as it was? Hello, I'm Mr. Raid. I can't understand. I can't understand. I can't understand. I don't do much of it as well when I'm constantly at it. Why does my heart go on beating? Raid and his side, thick brown moon, how does that piss you, baby? I'm led into the salmon, scoundrel, scoundrel. Don't stop me, I'll pay the man out of the ring. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. Get me chopped, get the chop. Let it all, hang out. It works the lord she did in the brazilians' scut. Let it all hang out. Everything is fine. Here it is, it's just fine. 10.03.5.6. You're gonna be worse today than yesterday. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. od that have you heard of meaning, of words. Bitter!You meant anybody to understand that dnd's against it, what man will do, not a seat of god be glorified from thisitteclomogeneous greatest code of awareness by, no, no, come insideford but has disput들을 go into his ass for lettuce. Anyway Jack Park died which I guess doesn't mean too much to this generation or maybe even the one preceding it. What's all this old fart like me? He was the best. He was great. Anyone know he was great? Because he wasn't afraid to say what that was on his mind. Number one and number two, he brought all these great people on a show. I don't know how the hell he did it. Where the hell they found these people? Right? I'll all never forgive him for introducing Bill Cosby to the world but nobody's perfect. Oh he wasn't so bad in those days. But he had unlike Doty Goodman and Alexander King and all of these people. That's true. Just funny is how people they were great and he just had an off the wall show. And then the one time the the most famous Jack Park's story that everybody remembers from that era is when he got into the big row with the sensors because he told a story on the era about WC water closet and they had the NBC sensors had a fit. Pretty well. And so he walked off the show and he left for a month. Right. They showed that. And they were talking about that on whatever we walked right off the show and then he came back a month later after they finally sued these others womb and he started the show by saying, because I was saying before I was interrupted. Right. That was great. Jack Park was great. But anyway, he was dead and I would have printed out all the stories. In fact, he goes to show it. A lot of stuff that I was going to do today. I'm not going to do because it was on our website but I mean, you know, why go through it twice? See what I'm saying? Right. But that's that's okay. Eracle get around to it as soon as he's through with a couple of branches and practices to get his energy up. In addition, we're getting our daily death report which I do like this. Ronic this is bad. Ronic Gailord. Whose real name was Ronald Freddie and Freddie and Ellie. Singer with the 1950s Vocal Tree are the Gailord's. Scored 12 chart hits a 13 top 10's. Tell me your mind from the vine came the grape. And the little shoemaker must have been about Willie. Who continue to continue to perform with the original Gailord's member Bert Halliday in the late 19th 2003. Die January 25th of cancer in Mina, Nevada, he was 72. So Jack Park is dead. Ronnie Gailord is dead. And Sugar Jim Henry. Oh, no. NHL, I never heard of NHL Gold tender for the Abruans Blackhawks and Rangers from 1945 with Ranger teammate Chuck Rainer from the league's first Tugoli Platoon. Die January 22 in Mina, Nevada, to be a JD-3. And the least last last night, to nothing to a girls team. But that's the way it goes. All you hockey fans out there. How many we got? Bob Birdman. That's a really least. Oh, now you, why do you keep sending me these damn priest stories? What do you leave me along with the story? No, we got important fish to fry. Hmm, practice. Since early last December, seven more people of settled claims, alleging sexual abuse of fans of employees of the Roman Catholic diocese of Coincident Kentucky, dammit. That brings to 39 the number of victims the diocese of settled witsets of timber, said Carrie Hoffa, Chicago attorney working for the diocese. I'm discovering that Drickle all this herb tea is like deadening my tongue. Do you want to be by that? Really? You never have a good tongue? You're hot. Yeah, if you drink something, uh, or eat something. No, I mean, I mean, I'm going to like super hot. There's something about the thing in the herbal tea. And like numbs up your tongue. You make you want to scream. Well, last night by the way, your boy performed very well. He gave a very nice speech after his little, thrashing by John Kerry. Yeah, my boy. Your boy, your man. Wow. John, care how, how whatever his name is this week, how are the demon who does very, very well when it doesn't seem to make any difference. Then when it makes a difference, he like, you know what I mean? No, like after he loses his ass after gets trounced like last night by 13 points. He called it down a little. He humbles. No, I'm not talking about that, but it's just that he made a right thought of an excellent speech. It was great. But maybe a little bit too late now. Oh, what? How does it use the word quote of five or six times on the evening news? Talked by the University of Michigan affirmative action program. Not only did the most conservative Supreme Court says the dread Scott decision to disagree with them on that one, but the word quote every politician and every poster in American knows is a race coded word deliberately designed to appeal the people's fears that they may lose their job or their place in university to a member of the community of color. In other words, the president played the race card and that alone entitled him to a one-way bus to get back to troccer Texas. How do you like that? He was really our our articulate mouth standing out. Tell you one thing. His people are just fired up big time. Yes. The only problem he's got is that I don't seem to be of them anymore. And all that exit pulling they did come to find. Let me just say this. Miss Fudge you're such an idiot man. Matt Fudge from his Fudge report. See, the his philosophy is a veteran of crap against the wall. Some of it's going to stick. So you just don't believe anything he puts on a website. It just just a bunch of crap. Oh Joe Lieberman sources tell him that Joe Lieberman's going to drop out of the race last night. Did he drop out? No. Also he's got big gigantic headlines on there about seven o'clock. You know trying to scoop everybody. He likes a big scoop is what I'm hearing. Oh, about oh it's going to be a 6% lead. The exit pulling shows from his inside sources that it's going to be 36% for carrying 30% for Dean. Was it ever anywhere near that close? No. No. Just like CNN comes on eight o'clock breathlessly. Well, let's create telling us it's going to be very very tight and he's at pulling shows. And that's going to be really tight race. This need to get this last pound of flammout. I'll be fine. Go for it. Oh look at that yellow. Right yellow. The neon yellow. Do you believe the sun is shining here now? And there's blue sky and a snow is stopped and it's just beautiful. Postiest like holding minus five. Wait a little bit of excitement here yesterday in case anybody missed it. Okay, we better get right to this poll result from yesterday. While Eric is still dealing with it. Okay, and I noticed that a lot of you are still voting on here, which is kind of amusing and now that the election is over, it's, you know, it's kind of a done deal, but that's okay. You have a good time. Who was your choice in New Hampshire's primary yesterday? We have almost 1300 votes. 1296. Carrey 329 25.3%. I don't care it's all bullshit 241 18.5% Dean 206 15.8% so in our audience, carry beat him by about 6.5%. Not no 13%. I don't care I'm per bush 155 11.9%. Clark 139. Edwards 134. Now that's interesting because that about mirrors the way it was in the election. The Clark edge dot Edwards just via a little curly hair 10.7% to 10.3 and ours. Of course in a real election was like, what was it? 13 to 12% for Clark, right? They both sucked well. Yes Dennis Cassinant did better with us than what a general assholes in New Hampshire 45.4%. Al Sharpton 32 to 24% didn't even do 1% in New Hampshire because there's no sharches there. And poor jewelry remain 15 1.1% with us and of course he did 9% which died in for third in in who Hampshire coined him. He said he was basically tied for third. Was he? Nobody just made it up as he went along like most Orthodox Jews like most religious finitis. He just made it up as he went along. Time to drop out Joe, go eat some halvon, have an ice life. Okay, go rub your tits together, get out of our face. You went had dasa. So anyway that's the result. I thought like I said Dean gave a marvelous speech after his loss. You only probably we got some more primaries next Tuesday and he's got a win somewhere. You want to mean? Right, summers. He's going to have some win, some victory, something to hang us thing on. 10 13 at 5 60 WCM. We apologize for the incredible technical incompetence of all of us here on a station. But then again, it's QAM. It's the beastly. What do you spell? I'd advise. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are absolutely amazing. You pay zero closing costs. Zero application fees. Zero credit bureau fees. Zero discounted points. Get yourself the new low interest rate. Just 1.25%. 100,000. You pay only $134 bucks a month. If you have yourself a $200,000 loan, your payments are mere 68 a month. And don't forget, once you be finance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever pay closing costs again. So call on today toll free. 1-809-405. Get the low rate mortgage you deserve. And then move the next property without further cost or expense. You pay zero underwriting fees. Zero dot fees. Zero closing costs even when you move to another property. Get the new low rate financing of just 1.25%. It's the only one mortgage. And it's from financial group. Call 1-809-405. That's 1-809-409. For 0-009. Never pay closing costs again. Financial group 1-809-405. The only in Miami. In an episode of Track Younger Viewers, see span. Now offers a brand new reality show skydiving with Howard Dean. Join Howard Dean. Team Chesapeake, United States. Jumping out over some of his favorite states. California. Texas. New York. South Dakota. Or Michigan. And coming soon, no Washington DC. And sure, Ronald Mo. It's skydiving with Howard Dean for marrying this week on C-Span. 10-18 at 5-6-DWQ. Maybe we'll hear from some of the Dean people today. What do you think? Maybe. Maybe if you scream loud enough, they'll loud scream back. I'm not screaming. I'm not doing that scream. We're not picking on your buddy Howard NoMo. Well, that's the wrong Howard. That's a loser. I'm a liar. Okay, the new for the first poll is up today. We'll do the other one. Who would the second poll is going to be? Who? Who? See, I can't even read it. Who would the Democratic candidate have to be for you to vote for Bush? And we got unforebush regardless. Mo Howard Davided. Do you believe, Roman? There is no such person in the country. Those are the first four choices. But we'll get to that later on. You can add on. You can tack them on. But in the first one, just for fun, if the elections are being held right now today between Bush and Kerry, which it looks very strong. That's what it's going to be. Who get your vote? We got 20 votes. Kerry 16, Bush 4, and nobody says I wouldn't vote for either. And nobody says I'm not going period. Well, that's going to change. The stubborn passage. You're not going to get me to vote. I was thinking this morning about, you know, like they're talking about Wisconsin, that could be Kerry's, I mean, the deans next big stand because, you know, liberal Milwaukee, and not so much Milwaukee, but Madison, all the universities, students. And I was thinking about the fact that there's a lot more activism on university campuses, at least so what we're seeing this year. Then we've seen it a long time. And then I thought of the University of Miami. Or like Miami-Dade Community College. Or like VCC. You know, all these great Democrats, VCC. Right. It's a library with a big parking lot. I see. When they do have a very big parking lot, that's a pain in the ass on the street. Nice to see. You can feed the duck. But at any rate, it's just another one of those ingredients that seems to be lacking in South Florida, just don't seem to be there. Now I notice something that's happening on my screen right here. Now I started to give you reading nervous. Was that on the on the phone on the, oh boy, retry cancel that little thing pops up again. You know, by no connection established, I'm sure there is, though, because I can punch up the first call here. QAM. Is that you, Neil? Is that you? Yes, sir. I tell you, if Hillary Clinton is the Democratic candidate, I'm going to not only vote for Bush, I'll campaign for him. That's the way I feel about Hillary. Is she running? I'm just saying that there is always that possibility if she weren't becoming a candidate, that I would vote for Bush. Okay. Well, let's put that on there. Okay. He sounded a little bit like, uh, Reverend Jones is to me, but I'm not sure. And now you've got me convinced now everybody is. Hillary Clinton. That would be good on it. Listen. Yes. Excellent choice. Okay. Well, he just sounded like a real pony voice. But nevertheless, your entitled sir. I vote for her about 30 times myself. But third man, 51 votes now. Now they're starting to catch up. We apologize profusely for the horrendous start of the show today. I'm embarrassed. I'd like to just call under the counter here. Why? I think even on the phone yesterday, I did a little bit better today. You're the only one that didn't hear it. In other words, it sounded fine. No, you, I'd like you to understand something if I can't hear it. Then it doesn't, it doesn't compute. I'm a lost. Don't you understand? I can't hear it. I'm a lost. I'm like a child in the wilderness without a road map and a compass and a search part. Don't you understand? I apologize to you. No, no, Josh. Don't have to apologize. It's just a fact that it did par for the course. Everything continues no matter how many million times that we've done this show. Not third million times, but no matter what is, we always seem to find some way, whether it's in there, whether it's in the other room where somebody's been dealing with that pot or smoking it, whatever. There's always some deal, you know, right? It's kind of like bush league, which is why we're so big and South Florida because we fit in like a glove up your ass. bush league, right? That's us. And we're proud of it. How is those stories coming along, Eric? Huh? Whoa, Eric. How is it going up there in Orlando, baby? See the one day that I trust him that I figure, oh, I'm not going to print any of these stories out, so I can have all big pile of stuff sitting here like I always do. I'll just wait till the morning when Eric loads up all those good bedtime stories. And then I'll print the ones that I want to talk about and guess what? Are they on there? No. Although I do like the one about the key was tourist calling cops to report his marijuana stolen. Do you like that story? I thought that in the keys they would help you. Sud City would come right down and have to go out. And not only that, but now I don't think my thing is printing now either to be honest with it. I think that everything technically is screwed up. I don't think my partner is printer. How big are you part of? If your thing is imprinting, try the computer. I am trying my computer and ain't doing nothing now. I'm trying to print this dancing out. Nothing happened. Was it your power outage? Go yeah. Okay. I'm going to print an upper storm. Are you crazy out of your mind? Yeah, it's something to happen in this morning. I think it's a comic pink or plot as well. Is I think the bushes are behind me. That's okay. I'll just pop up my way along here until about 10 30 and then you can finish the show. FCC proposes finding a team channel. This is so sweet, man. Sweet. It really is. I love this. This is my favorite story. 76 votes on there. Now they're starting to pick up. They're starting to catch on. We apologize again. Okay, folks. This is not a real radio show and it's certainly not a real radio station. Make no mistake about that. 52 for Carrie 68.4% even with that big uh, pompadour or a pompadour or a pompadour haircut he's got. And that was see the one thing like I told you before to show about Carrie. He's got the donkey teeth. And when you're going to be the Democratic mascot, it's good to have donkey teeth. I like that. He disrupts me your ears line. I think one thing people will be questioning about Carrie as he becomes more and more apparent as the era of the nominee is does that thing work? You know what I mean? What thing? That thing. That thing. That thing. He had that prostate technique. What didn't know that? You didn't know that? Don't you remember he had prostate cancer here a few years ago? Following his prostate. Or you are so out of it, man. I am. At any rate he had a prostateectomy. Okay. And I guess he's fine, but I don't know. It's kind of a extremely significant talk about. I don't hear from a case from a lawsuit that happened that when you have that done, it's shortens it considerably. It's shortens your penis? Yes. That's what I really. Yeah, but I've been in an out-have-it-all-have-in-any if that's the case. No, seriously. I'm not talking about that, but a lot of people have radical prostateectomy and they can't perform no more. That's the end of their sex life. They can't jump. I don't know if that was the case with him and I will have to ask Mrs. Heinz, Carrie. Did you see her last night? No. She speaks with a heavy foreign accent from what? She's the eras of the Heinz family. Oh, she's a crowd. She's a sour crowd. Mrs. Carrie. Oh, do liba. Right. Anyway, the government proposed a $755,000 fine against Cleared Channel Communications yesterday for a sexually explicit radio show aired on four stations. The second highest such fine ever proposed. Then talk about biting your own, you know what I mean? Yes. I can't find anything I want. Nothing I'm looking for. I just want to give up. Don't The FCC who chairman recently urged that penalties be increased for an decent program. You said the station is all in Florida. aired various episodes of Bubba the Love Sponge at total of 26 times. The Commission proposed finding Cleared Channel the maximum 27,500 dollars for each time the episode ran or a grand total of 750,000 plus Cleared Channel also was fine $40,000 because of record-keeping violations at the stations. The company has got $5,000. Pays to pay the fine or appeal. What does that mean? Record-keeping violations. I have no idea. Merry Sponst. Cleared Channel called for an industry task force to develop clear indecency standards for radio TV cable and satellite networks. Oh, brother, who the hell are these people kidding? We believe the time has come for every sector of the media to join together and develop consistent standards that are in tune with local community values said Mark Mays the Uxys President of Clear Channel are audience deserves nothing less. The FCC also announced a modded to find KRON Channel for in San Francisco the maximum 27,5 for broadcasting in diesel material on its morning news programs during the interview with the performers of the puppetry of the penis who work cables to nothing else. What did the actors expose himself? The FCC said the station should have expected the touch of display could have taken steps to prevent it. This is – oh, I see on television. I see. Those are the say they expose themselves on the radio. This is Kron TV Channel 4 in San Francisco. Yeah, well, we were so much into the radio thing, I was worried about that and I thought he was whipping it out. Right, well, I just whip mine out. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Unless you got real good, I always got mine out. It would just be the second-final level against the TV broadcast for indecency. I hope this step – well, I'll continue this after the break. I want to be one of the great great authors in an effort to say the rain force because we discussed how this is going to be happening today. We have the story about the Miami-Date staying at the mall. Oh, yeah, we got the story about the blow jumps at the mall. We'll get to it. Just relax. We got the a gay picture. I mean, again, he's a gay, of course. That Japanese picture from the gay porno, which I noticed that mall was obsessed with that this morning. I heard about a few minutes of his show and that's all he talked about was this flag here in his gay. There, above and all the crap he's going to get in the locker room. He's going to get it all right in the back-to-m locker room. Anyway, 27 after 10. Just erase this first half hour from your memory. Okay, we're trying to do it too. We're trying very hard. Hey, guys, last time you'll see now here, right off the bat. Speaking of penis, we got this x-rated copy from Bob Wright. You ought to be a shandier self-tried you pervert. You idiot. You truck with I? Last time you looked at it, you decided it's way too small. It just doesn't impress women. Doesn't last as long as you do it, of course. We're talking about your paycheck. Call fast train at 1-86-6 fast train to start your new high-pain computer career and just for sure advance fast-trank it up you get a new high-pain computer career. But I'm at this copy as the worst he's ever written in his life. It is so bad. When you call fast train, tell the Todd Rick is a moron and you ought to take that account away from him immediately about sooner he's an imbosal. The demand for computer professionals continues to grow so call fast train today toll-free at 1-86-6 fast train. With seven locations fast trains vow to have a campus nearby you, fast train offers you job placement, financial assistance for guys who qualify and would day-night weekend classes that no excuse to stay new did in job no-mo. If you register now, you can have you new high-pain career in just four short months. So call fast train today toll-free and now you can have a big impressive one too. A big fat long juicy paycheck call 1-86-8 fast train or check them out on the web at fasttrain.com There are a bunch of great robbers in the T-channel. You know I was saying to muck this morning before the show there is no more radio business and I was right. I was absolutely correct. There's no more radio business. It's history it's done. You can think all those great robbers man the FCC and all are good friends and a bushwinter for that. I'll actually Clinton now he participated as well back when he started the deregulation thing was before bush. So give bubble part of the blame for that too. Anyway, cheap channel but suddenly has become very pious now. He's like you know oh we want to find some standards now and find out what that's all about so we don't have this happen again. I hope this step today represents the beginning of a commitment to consider each and decent-sign complaint seriously and it recognized that in these and CR air waves is not limited to the radio FCC commissioner Kevin Martin said. The largest fine ever for indecent see was $1.7 million paid by infinity 1995 also the FCC last October proposed finding infinity another 357 grand for that open anti-radio show and which the couple was sent to be having sex in New York St. Patrick's Cathedral. The head of clear channel radio says his broad cast are not meant to be indescent. I think their channel is indescent not just the broad cast I think the company is indescent but if you ask me. Wait until you hear this. We work hard every day to entertain not a friend our listeners said John Hogan who's to drive a pompadal park and not very well. None of us defend or encourage indescent content that's simply not part of our corporate culture. Your wrong John your whole corporate culture is indescent. Your indescent. David Ross is indescent. A Rhana Ross think a wolf or a Schwartz whatever name is indescent. Laura Eater Holdier they don't come no more indescent than him they assassin the grave robber. Muff was told me that they got some station what is it that they got in or in Tampa that they're rebroadcasting in Orlando after your which station maybe was FLA the rebroadcasting the same thing on AM the whole station. Just like we used to be over there in four miars. Beesley's are no better just that they don't have as much money as many channels that's how they do the same thing. Just open up a pot and here we'll and not only that but when we used to be on in four miars the station breaks used to be WQAM whatever you know what's the sense tonight. That's like the scan that WBZ used to have in Massachusetts years ago until somebody finally caught to them. These are repeater transmitter in Springfield so they cover the western half of the state so the station breaks used to be WBZ and WBZA Springfield. What kind of a scan is that? Hey who are you to question? Yeah right. Just some schmuck. The latest finds came a day before congressional hearing on a of send of the prompted by the FCC enforcement bureau's decision not to find Rockstar Bono for an explosive uttered at NBC during the Golden Globe Awards show last year. The leasing of the Irish Iraq group you two said this is really really fucant brilliant. The bureau said Bono's comments were not in decent or seen because the way the word was used. Well there you go. Now wait wait to hear this with all the stuff that's going on in the world today. Okay it's not bad enough that your president spoke about a steroids in sports and his state of the union dressed up with and bad enough. FCC chairman Michael Powell has asked his fellow commissioners to overturn the decision about Bono. In addition, legislations have been introduced in the house to prohibit broadcasts just from wearing eight specific words or phrases including the effort ordered by Bono. Powell is also a Congress to approve a tenfold increase in the maximum fine of twenty seven thousand five hundred dollars per incident. He said the current fine isn't big enough to dissuade huge broadcasts for marrying objectionable program and course he didn't mention who the help made them huge in the first place and is trying to give them more stations to hop up. Rep or send it if read up in Republican of Michigan, Chairman of the House talk committee, a communications company holding today's hearing has introduced legislation to boost the fines right get on go get a mission crap man take away their license put him in jail Friday or station crap. And it goes on and on and on this is America baby all the crap that's going on six more dead American soldiers in Iraq does anybody kill not in this administration all they're worried about is that somebody who have whipped their penis out on channel four in San Francisco in addition which it would seem to be in San Francisco that should be no nothing on use right right. So they're frothing at the mothi were about these guys that were doing the deed in the theorem yes or here you go I guess I'll read all the names although I don't know I feel queasy about that I don't have any problem with reading the name of this Spanish language radio guide probably because he's a worse first station that's licensed to the art dicey's of mine right absolutely yeah he's probably not seen not that we know that right we don't know that but a teacher and a corrections officer will run among 21 man arrested yesterday accused of exposing themselves and in some cases engaging in oral sex in the restroom of a Southwest Miami Day vacuum commit a county mall which we have on bergothority was the kinnville town of country mall the arrest report of what police call a continuing investigation a continuing investigation so watch what you do in the theorem police said the men were drawn to location by internet ads couldn't be on at cruising for sex dot com could it well detective loopo him and is no relation to Jose hamayn is said there's a website where some of these individuals can go into and advertise different locations throughout the country where they can expect to go to these places in a counter other men all my god I can't believe that could be cruising for sex dot com could it police in previous years have closed down similar locations including the rest rooms at tropical park at a birdines in Miami and yesterday's arrested the mall by mounting sting operations I guess they haven't caught on yet to the t-room at the jc pennies and westlands so we won't talk about mounting stings right they're mounting stings and things the name of them always being withheld but we happen to feel and uh you know since been reported in the entail town of country mall at least that's what they're showing on tv in the background right we had an eye witness yeah we had a fly witness most of these men are married family men professionals all walks of lives him and is said you can't imagine a kind of folks we encounter for example among those arrested were Gregory Stephen Russell 39 a Miami date corrections officer Antonio castronated a castron our castred what is it castrated castrated 54 teacher a million high oh remmon Ferraro 58 remember the psychology department at Nova and well known Spanish language radio personality polio Armando Estorino all have been charged with one kind of a decent exposure most of at least after posting $500 bond who can I say say what my gun what does that mean my deco he's just uh you haven't a good uh or refreshment that's all he's just Cuban my deco no just Cuban my deco Estolino bullaron Estolino 60 is well respected in the world of Cuban as al politics and a familiar voice on the radio station radio pause listen to the arts dices of Miami roll when I saw that right though it's squeezing it again all right he is on leave said arts dices folks woman Mary Ross Augusta wait till the investigation is completed by the date police department will see what the outcome of these allegations is for the time being he's off the year Estolino was a rest of last Thursday the other human on Wednesday another contact of a comment yes then we can't imagine why says NBC six on their website NBC six dot net what do you like that well this is what goes on when people want to like do things any anti room stuff like that right of all the places in the t-room at the over there doesn't say what store what just now all bathroom yeah there we'll don't you like whip it out in the bathroom well yeah to take part maybe just maybe just something came along and granted maybe yeah 19 11 at 560 WCM has that pull coming for we are so out of sync today man I don't think I've ever in all these eight minute years but I'm sure I felt so like totally out of it is this 171 votes the election days today were imagining for fun between Bush and Kiri who gets your vote carry 120 to 71.3% Bush 31 there's that 18.1% again ready for that? can't handle it I wouldn't vote for either one 13 I'm not voting period five well good for you okay you're gonna get what you deserve 18 before 11 at 560 WCM if you're looking for an original gift for somebody's birthday a new baby or maybe for Valentine's Day I got three words that are guaranteed to keep you out of the mall oh stay out of that multi room too and score you big points for Montetty Bear just call 1800 29 bear in a friendly bear counsel I hope you choose over 100 bears personalize for your loved one and live with your famous gift box with a free card and chocolate you can choose from bears like the new baby bear with the baby's name and birthday to embroider on the bib or get the well dressed bear in a hospital uniform and got great new bears for Valentine's Day like the love bandit and the austar valentine dress like a sports fan overnight and send it a delivery argumentede so call 1800 29 bear or shop online at romantinibeard.com show you care send a bear it's the creative alternative to flowers for any occasion your flowers are dead no matter of hours the teddy bear will be going on for years and years to come call 1800 29 bear until that old meal toward the decal 1800 29 be a r five and a local species five sixty three years old your a blue and five six oh WQ thank you might be pregnant but not sure who the father is present in clear blue sleazy the only pregnancy and fraternity test all in one the pregnancy test given two thumbs up by parasolson two thumbs we clear blue sleazy gives you the results of the five lays earlier than those other home tests simply placed with special DNA matching sticks in your urine stream then kick back pop in a video and wait for the results so if you've been hanging around the NBA or your school splitball team remember the name clear blue sleazy and just be on the sticks to see if it's ricks or Bob's the rickee and Larry's sirpils so that loser less funny night clear blue sleazy use a directed 1047 at five sixty wcum so that Bob that that bimbed what the house the name sold it at oh Brian see he was on there this morning talking to some schmucks some shill from the at times of London talking about this ruling today judge cleared prominence your Tony Blair's administration today of any direct involvement in the suicide of a government expert on Iraqi weapons but criticized the BBC for its reporting in the scandal that took the British leadership the government did not act in a dishonorable underhanded or duplicitous way in revealing the identity of weapons expert David Kelly said senior appeals judge Lord Hutton who was appointed by blerner investigate the death and he was kind of like Betty Hutton lord Hutton or maybe Timothy Hutton but at any rate to make a long story short as the white wash continues so she's talking to this the times of London guys obviously a big blerner blerner liquor and she said well now what is this hand what how does this impact the public's perception of the death of David K now you you that's exactly what she said that you think there was like a little slip of the tongue no I just that could be I think if on David K the now back home I hopefully save out of the table weapons inspector I think that maybe I'm thinking oh oh maybe I didn't change by tune quite enough maybe that's okay so little message here from CNN maybe I didn't change my name in my face and my address soon enough right because Dr. David Kelly and Dr. David K the last time I take weren't exactly the same person even though both names are David and the last name does begin with K is he gonna keep pass it away say yeah what a cry is I'll get back to you K Diana just just amazing what goes on in the name of you know and I'm also looking at this 17.7 for bush nothing has ever got a change we're not going to change any opinions we're not reaching the choir and I tell you that a couple of weeks ago what are we wasting our time with all this of you know bush and this one and that one and carry why are we doing that David and Danny no seriously why are we doing it I don't know something why am I doing it it's your fault you're the one who encourages me a lot because I don't I don't see that we're going to change anything we're accomplishing it's like light bulb radio don't like your buddy Richard Pearl on waxy which which I'm astonished that you even knew who that was that that's amazing what he's talking about why you saying that what do you why am I saying that why would you know why yes you did you're joking now right what you said you would never miss a show you listen faithfully every day okay Richard Pearl my favorite buddy right after the poll will for its hour and polka's with the hymnric himmer I mean what what's the point it's like what's your name all over again wow yeah it did the percentages stay the same I mean kill some good time is no question about that like this polka today we got 200nate votes and you know in a flash there you know and just shake of a lamb's tail to 17 look at the votes are pouring in the election is today just for fun we're pretending okay we're fun and and just like they showed that they were just fun and pretending we're doing a show we're not obviously the election is between motion carry because it looks like it just might be who get your vote if you could vote right now 270 votes six I'm not voting period damn it you idiot you smuck you I can say that's vindric right but we don't want to get the FCC all upset now six people said that I wouldn't vote for either one 14 that's 6.4% oh hey that's a complicate things but have you been getting faxes from here lately recently like in the past you know like half hour no okay do you want an awye no I know why why is that we're having building wide telephone problems but you know what else what I had unplugged everything I had like uh reboot my computer I had unplugged the printer remember I told you nothing was printing before I got everything fixed on my end I was gone Neil the only engineer because I was trying to make some outgoing calls and I wound up talking to some chicken power 96 sales who's also having a problem making not going call so apparently all the phones are f-ed up in the building here wow I bet you're gonna take a call right now you're gonna have a test hello I'm going to you yes sir I hear you I wanted to have first remind that in just anybody in Florida interested in putting in the Democratic primary they've got like to tomorrow it's five you gotta get the paperwork in two weeks before and if anybody wants to vote in the Democratic primary they've got to get down to their election office and you're farce right by the way the primary marks nine you know right did you you watch it just if anybody I know a lot of people vote not in that poll just want to be escorted on to the rail car but some of us don't want to maybe do something did you watch it the coverage last night first I was like uh why I just was squeezed all over the place sure did you catch leverman yeah I saw it yeah I saw it yeah it's a grab him with a one of those big and just can't keep on to the on on on on on looseness tole so little but it's around his neck toot that I think it's coming off circulation was brain he kept talking about how he came into a virtual tie for third even a little tie for third in the right right even though you know 13 12 and he had nine okay he's a baby yes what you got how many of the percent you got nine even Robert Greek and nine yeah nine okay go time like cover 13 percent to me he's just on some kind of an ego trip he's an idiot he's a cool person I mean I thought he'd have the little bit of possible class he'd have is is bowing out last night instead of announcing the beginning of his campaign wait a minute did you see orthodox doing class in the same wetsor are we doing pretty good until then have a great day amigo later bye by I'm sure there's some nice orthodox juice here for me one no yes who's that my former accountant where by finniest weberman who had a revelation from god who used to be an either Brian sidekick and all of a sudden became a great defender of gay rights yeah I wonder why that is he's got 18 kids maybe got a little bit oh you got religion maybe that's it so you didn't get this facts about crazy legs I didn't get any facts I've received no facts is from you since before Jesus was just a baby where this is before he was in swaddling close and the three wise men came down and said how's your frankincense mure they said push more in toss anyway what is it or the door you're gonna so others you can't facts any of that apparently the the office phones which the fact line is one of them as you know are ungapacheed as they say in Ireland yeah I wasn't able to call bokeh Brian I wasn't able to fact some not able to wow call you mama so what's a damn good thing that I can get and take like you right here QA and hello hello no yes sir hi yeah I always just been in our room at the for action I mean you want me really cares about who's gonna win whatever you don't care I don't care no Reverend Jones Reverend Jones it's not running home he's a source of this love and junk character how he's a George then son is he like Reverend Jones it was Reverend Josh do you think that was Reverend Jones what's Josh gonna say whatever he thinks yeah yes or no come on give me an answer I'm not that familiar with him yet yeah see that no nothing which is obvious by the way the show started today he's still learning slowly but at any rate that was not Reverend Jones yes it was okay hey look we're in QA and hello yeah I Reverend Jones how you doing oh not too bad let me bless me he's masturbating right now uh twice anyhow uh square court yeah have you seen the Rick's uh Rick's angel yes I did see it for about five minutes it was the word show I've ever seen in my life I'm so kidding bro I'll tell you what I threw up and then I threw up again and I wasn't enough to do this animal yeah oh my god he was talking about Akins diet and he just kept making these rolling things with his hands he was like rolling uh waves and she looked at him like he was nuts and like what am I doing here and it's it won't be on much longer don't worry about it oh I know where they shooting it out of uh like a redder no I think the shoot it out of the Kindle town of country mall in the tea room woo I take out those stay tuned for some really coming out episodes why is that you're still on here let's see Kindle town of country mall is that the one on the corner of Vakindald Noah some set 100 why no Kendall you had it right Kindle drive I haven't been there in a million years and Kindle drive and 112 street uh no it's to Kindle in the it's pretty sprawling complex what's one in the corner no 107th and Kindle drive I forget it's all like blends in together with me it's like a blur and nobody speaks English there anymore anyway I need to step to course already less except of course your countryman there who that was his name Bugad Bugad on I don't know Bugad on Estrinome well respected from a radio pause which is lesson to the arts dinesies of Miami but I can't like church they just can't they can't stop the bleeding you know what I mean well they can't out of there even a gigantic turnic it couldn't stop the bleeding for them in fact Mel Gibson city try to get a turnic it for Jesus if you want that movie passion you'll notice that even the turnic it couldn't stop the bleeding on our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ was that this right special yeah I think it was good it was meant to be 255 votes I'm just not big in the furry tales and people you know spend their entire lives running around pocket crap I just I have no time for that left anymore you know just run another time anyway so I certainly don't have time for assholes like that oh our Lord and Savior you're gonna burn and hell see the church is good for like condemning people and from empty tremendous amounts of hate and murder and bloodshed but also baking a task for you raising money lots of cash 262 votes carry 187 71.3% bush 49 18.7% you believe it no they're just busted my balls I would vote for either one 17 I'm not voting period nine look at that hey Joe leave him in here the number yeah that's what you got Joe nine I mean fifth place baby a week fifth a distant fifth way in a behind how many earth of ox Jews are there in a new hamster but third man hey I want to tell you something we can all enjoy that's a pig out at the Emerald Coast welcome in the Chinese New Year with the Emerald Coast from now through February the 8th you own Emerald Coast for its traditional Chinese New Year specialties holiday specials include roasted duck suckling pig sweetens our fish and in a certain of Chinese dumplings served every evening during the New Year celebration with each meal every kid receives a traditional Chinese New Year's lucky charm or kinky charm if they like if that isn't enough Emerald Coast has got its regular buffet the lights as well start your mouth watering eating experience with six different soups then sampled dozens and zillions of suckling on phrase like New York strip made a word on this sizzling Asian grill along with the brand new seafood say jock oysters on a half shell a lasgan stone crab middle night clams jumbo shrimp scampy every night and if you ever want to check out the handcar primary of their new Thai specialties too and like I always tell you don't I always tell you I'll turn you'll never walk out with a headache because they have no MSG no cornstarch no crap in any of their food they use only the best ingredients including cholesterol free oils for all the cooking too the buffet at the Emerald Coast features a full salad bar the new sushi bar first room cocktail as well and if you have a crowbar along stick it to your pants and stretch a little room out for dessert because they got a full dessert station featuring Belgian moffles pies cakes pastries ice cream without your favorite toppings and fresh fruit the perfect ending to a fantastic piggot tree Emerald Coast locations for you they're in sunrise pine island a 44th street they're on Collins Avenue just north of 160 third street in north Miami beach and at the intersection of flamingo and Pembroke roads in Pembroke pines right near where they have all this radar traps so take the whole family or book your next business luncheon right now let the post at Emerald Coast do the cooking for you take out delivery available to call 954 5 7 2 38 22 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 you can't be to with a stick the world famous Emerald Coast Chinese buffet that the Lord even loves Neorodges begging please cover up these come in helping you you got a crash if you're alone no more it's guys for you oh princess high is gone princess high is gone he's really going into a tunnel hello so what if there's no evidence that 20 Blair sex up the report on the WMD but he did say that they're still investigating with those or his fingerprints on a break some dice car we're not too sure about the yeah he did say that Michael Norris is this I can't read this it's too long it's on our website today great article it's five pages maybe later I'll read it okay if I have the voice to read okay you say dessert or I say more dessert let me just read the first listen Michael Norris friends I would like to apologize for referring to George W Bush as a dessert or what I meant to say is that George W Bush is a dessert and election thief a drunk driver a WMD liar and a functional illiterate and he poops his pants in fact he shot a man in Tucson just to watch him die you like this you think I'd read the whole thing not right now well tease with his now it's so good there's nobody like Michael okay the employee punches no be as that's because he's not running for anything okay oh he made it running for his life I think he keeps putting stuff in like this but it's just great it's the best I'm gonna I'll read it a little bit but we gotta get to that gay picture don't wait wait he's not gay he's right not that chapter would have had the zits not what is it what all these athletes have got the bad zits now the Russian hockey players in this uh Roy Japanese like Kazuhito Tadano stare right no no seriously what is that right I don't I'm not talking about his back though I'm talking about his face engage minor leagueer and of course the president's gonna take care of those still ones don't you worry about that okay he learned a lot with a Texas Ranger that actually takes care of those quote as if he takes care of these WMD's which right now he's still saying we're still looking maybe we're not giving up we're looking until we find something and remember Dictane on Friday said that those mobile vans those mobile trucks that they found with chemical weapons so that's what they were using for and David K said no that's not what they were for yeah David remember David K well David K I'm Dr David Kelly could be the same person according to solely that sunshine or brand oh no what should I do what newscast I was watching when they even made the point where they showed the pictures and then showed Cheneys plus and quote right as it as early as last week say right they just keep lying and lying and lying and we still got on our poll 18 now 0.9% for boy C it does make I haven't I told you that long time ago when you're dealing with the intransion at right wing people with the born again the Bible thumping the well heal whatever it is you're not going to ever change those people we got ours and you might get into the keys to the kingdom back that's that's their attitude I think they could be in for a big surprise this no member carry 39% Dean 26% after that it was way back Clark just edged out John Edwards for third 13% about 12 and I have and jewelry women sucked away in fifth place with nine with nine percent for old jewelry women give it up to Joe Indians minor league or cousin he'd do to Donald is asking for forgiveness for role in gay porn video oh my god right he's like one time mistake maybe could go one time mistake his adherence in a gay porn video in which he engages in a homosexual act now I heard moan gellie discuss this this morning and the discussion wasn't of course you would agree naturally that if anybody participant maybe no wasn't on there was on uh I miss remember realist in the I miss we all we apologize realist in the I miss and a sports guy on there and they were both agreeing that if anybody participates in such a film they would automatically be gay okay so I guess Peter North must be gay he said all and all that's as thing is bisexual anybody who would do that is gay why disagree with that right there is nothing is bisexual I thought you would have gotten always said there wasn't no you keep changing the argument because you lose okay do you think Peter and Arthur's gay I think Peter North is uh whatever is Peter North right all over it's a little more like North Northeast these days then there's also a brand year asexual like uh Robert Reaper right the beast Zach this is your asexual prostation for the new millennium oh no no seriously we have so many people in the building who could even begin they wouldn't even touch themselves yeah oh yeah that's true if their hand gets anywhere near it immediately shribbles up it becomes an inny there's sexual like a turtle pulling its head back inside the shell although I did hear the beast was thinking about doing that the shell station of the theorem which is by himself the beast is naysexual to Donald took part in the video three years ago when he was a college student sitting in the Cleveland club house yesterday the picture said he hoped to put his actions in the past now you're gonna say in the behind but in the past would be much I would say all of us have made mistakes in our lives to Donald said reading a statement in English hopefully you've earned from him and move on and by the way I have the Peter North video not in my hands right now it's from many years ago when he was about 20 I would say and uh it's the thing where he he's with a school teacher he's like a student okay okay of course you I'm sure that a lot of people want to know is he like give it pitching catching both I don't both but let me ask you this and say the video since you had it to the yes does he seem to be having a good time he seems to be having a swell time score okay well of a time he doesn't seem to be having the slightest uh what we're ever more the world it's not going to be experiencing erectile dysfunction not the least bit is my way him Peter North he could like rub up against the tree and all of a sudden like score short well tree is wood all of us have made mistakes from our lives to Donald said hopefully learn from him and move on shunned by Japanese baseball teams the 23 or to Donald's time to the Indian's last march they think he can make their club the spring to Donald gave few details about the video which he made after his sophomore year at Ricky O University Ricky O I did participate in the video and I regretted very much he said it was a one time incident that showed bad judgment it will never be repeated I was young playing baseball going to college my teammates and I needed money he was young and hung in full of fun frankly if I were more mature and had really thought about the implications of what I did never would have happened he said to an interpreter to Donald added I'm not gay I'd like to clear that fact up right now in fact I would like to say that to the Saudis I am not gay I want to queer that clock clear that up right now you're gay no that's never in Jones yes it is when you stop it already we did stop somebody's gonna come there with a baseball bat and knock some sense and you don't stop with your Reverend Jones obsession god he's not even if it is him don't worry about you beginning you just become so psychotic no not yeah you become spastic no not gosh is he spastic every time it thinks it's Reverend Jones or not yeah a little bit yeah see even Josh will say anything you don't know he will not he's terrified to say anything right but he didn't admit that that you're just you know once to stay on the show he'll say anything you wouldn't say on a show no matter what he says okay you're gay like I said the Indian set up the press session if it getting many requests from reporters to speak with to Donald I wonder if he's akin to uh mark Tino I'll call mark and ask number mark sure good guy check so wish you time always good have been oh yeah you know looks so good anymore probably no formerly from channel six long time ago mark to be know you know well so used to work at the channel six my core of hat I don't know who that is you know who that is no he's a uh my he's I don't want to see what the team wanted to arrest you should be for I didn't say that you said that the team wanted to address the issue before spring training starts next month and queer that clear the year Tino's admission will certainly draw attention to a homosexuality and baseball a sense of vision that most players prefer not to want not even to discuss oh no we're not taking showers with no fags right that's what the jots on our station would tell you of course there's none of that that ever goes on that ever went on because it's too embarrassing to admit that that we're taking showers with a bunch of fags okay and probably because most of the guys on our station were ex-jocks like Joe and the mad dog there were so ugly anyway that probably the fags never looked at them know how right not even a third back home sure in 2002 all start catcher Mike Piazza felt the need to hold a news conference to profess his heterosexuality after news paper gossip comments existed that one of the New York Met's top players was gay there are no openly gay players in the big leagues today the same as to the NFL NHLNBA I could give you some names Tadana was one of Japan's top college pictures and expected to be a high first round pick in 2002 but after a Japanese tabloid published photos of many video bit a month before the draft proteins in Japan did not select and they shunned him like he they he had the very very in bubonic plague and leprosy the commissioner Japanese baseball came on said you will not track Tadana was sort of the picture's agent Alan Niro but this kid didn't assault anybody didn't commemorative anything he's guilty of being naive twice in a minor league's last season Tadana stood before teammates and confessed with participation in the video which Niro said can be obtained only on the black market in Japan from a little guy about two feet tall who hangs out of one bay forty two million sushi stands Tadana you're really gonna send your daughter to Japan sure I like bad ideas why just teaming with people there yeah and the leastials tower above them I'm sure head and shoulders and waste to Danna received her woman support from players at Kingston North Carolina how do you like that where he started the scene in later at Akwin the Indian WFA I wanted to tell a truth to my teammates he said that great he received a lot of support now goes on it says uh... the Indians were not afraid of the baggage would come with the signing him they like them up to invite him to work out at their spring training facility in winter haven eventually decided to a minor league contract including a sixty seven thousand five hundred dollar bonus general manager march your pyrrho ooye to team decided to send the spite knowing there could be backlash we thought the upside was well worth the risk energy and time to support him shaperosa Tadana knows he made face fan abuse and major league parks like AK stadium where he can visit his part of the page to be a joke that he's ready for because he says he doesn't understand English anyway so long all right neckley you don't understand English in a way to understand a few words about no more eleven thirteen and five sixty w q a m a horse racing fans and poker players pompano park as the the racing in car room has got the gambling action you want located just a half mile from both i ninety five in the turn pack pompano park is easy to get to a best of all they feature free admission and free general parking every single day of your life live hardest racing in the poker room is open every Monday Wednesday like tonight Thursday Friday and Saturday the poker starts at noon and goes on till midnight and the live racing gets underway and early at seven o'clock p.m. every Monday night two for twenty five dollar dinner special outstanding stuff at the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor every Wednesday like tonight is dollar night to track for draft beers hot dogs so does and lots more every Thursday is ladies night with two for one great specials and every night at the fourth floor players room there's a seven ninety five plated dinner special and coming up this next Monday for board the two market on your wrist is the next free spaghetti dinner at pop at a park you don't want to be missing that this Monday free spaghetti at pop at a park and then next Friday February the sixth pop at a park will be celebrating its 40th anniversary with a special night featuring my good friend Rick Shaw and his cap live music give away free prize drums family fun night and take card display and tons lots more stuff going on that's Friday for boy six market down. Pompat a park is also open for a final casting every day seven days and nights a week featuring the best in harness stirbread high-l-action product cross North America can you believe that on Monday night in the blowing snow they race the full card at woodline here no they did. Pompat a park a block south of the landing Boulevard on powerline road for the current race schedule called nine five four nine seven two two thousand by the way dickfiber promises they'll never race in the snow at Pompat a park no matter what or check them on the web at pompatopark.com oh Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neo go well a word from Howard beans wife hey hello there and act of Julius Steinberg life and presidential candidate Howard Dean you can call me Judy not judge Judy that's a different reskite people want them though why I'm hardly ever on campaign for Howard how he hey did you get a good look at me an I or I scare the crap out of myself I make proud for this and I look like a shane of foolnip stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much edition anyway how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it no I say that's a bunch of michigas for those of you who don't to compete the year this that means crap how is a good guy though he's what you might call a loose cannon he's got a pretty bad temper on him I remember one time one of our kids left the cap off of the toothpaste I thought he was gonna blow a gasket the veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were born in the corners of his mouth he went with sugar I spent 23 years with his shagots most of the time he's a mench but on occasion I hate him I think my husband how he would make for a very good president one of the things I'm a little peo about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV I run about section of city I got a shut down to campaign headquarters not to the croakers to watch on some tiny black and white set I have never seen any program in color so I know Jackie Kennedy hell if you look at me I'm no Ted Kennedy I don't wear makeup I'm like a whisker away from being amish don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign the only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints anyway because I got on that's here this for that to do this time like all right out people about a committee to elect John Kerry president all right love it 2560 WQAM boy got stories up the ass now now that everything is a working copicetic don't you find it a little bit unusual strange as to coincidence everything isn't working yeah that everything is like all screwed up now last couple days first of power goes out here in the middle of the show I got to do like an hour of the show on a phone then this morning your facts goes out because all your phone lines are out my computer dies I haven't well didn't die but I had like rebooted and my printer dies which never happens I'd like pull out the plug in the anchor back in mm-hmm and you can't facts me nothing everything just keeps uh I don't know my large intestine fell out right I back them just fell off uh the rest of my body it's right on the floor kicking it around anyway layer cake Mars rock offers hint of ancient water mm cake oh before I do that because I want to get back to the pull result on here one look at it but cheney adamant this is one of my favorite stories on our website today cheney adamant on existence of Easter Bunny by his president renews assertions that Easter Bunny is real and is an active agent of alchita that's one of my favorites great layer cake Mars rock offers hint of ancient water oh how do you like that I mean it would just nuts out there huh all you silly people are gonna have to rewrite your bottle statement after we write all your theory tales all your bubble myses what are they gonna say and you'll notice what they're saying what nothing right because they're holding private meaning they're there having no secret handshakes just remember the bible is everything you need your shakin it just like at the Kindle town of confirm all they're shaken it and they're looking at it is that how it's done that's that's just I'm what is there to say you know I'm we feel bad that I read was like the number online there then bathroom what's the come online you're asking me in a tea room well no spirits there I take an old pervert like me no I don't have no spirits in the tea room let me check that out for you let me ring that out for me out on the street corner but certainly out of the tea room when you're doing the shake somebody offers you a hand is how that worked I'm a little shaky the most striking image yet from NASA's Mars rovers reveals finally years within bedrock I wonder if what's his name was there Fred Flintstone and Barney so suggest and maybe Wilma maybe Wilma was handed out a good stuff suggesting that the rock was formed by sediments swept down by ancient waters the lead scientist for the mission city estate oh god when hell does this finally go away eventually when you die Hank city at it for three weeks it's all from that QM building I did the document right on that did they got the air quality got coming in Wonderful layer cake structure here oh don't tell the beast that he'll eat it said doctors Steven W. Squires professional professor of astronomy Cornell the Mars missions principal science investigator it's going to be fascinating beyond work to get up close and personal with all of these things is what he said so the fact that they have these layers of rock right indicates of course the presence of water because it's you know it's uh sediment right upon sediment layer upon layer to get sedimental about it okay so here you go water on Mars at least there once once upon a time was and that means life some kind of life okay which is really amazing which means more than here I like this story Al Franken knocked down Dean Heckler Did you see the story no Wise cracking funny man Al Franken on this would have been let's see on Monday Body slammed the demonstrated to the ground after the man tried to shout down Governor Howard Dean how do you like that? I like it a lot you go and you have to be a real man to shout down Dr Dean The Tussle at Freckens trademark thick rim glasses broken, but he said he was not injured Franken who seemed to understand his shock and out of breath after the incident was held back to his feet by several people Watched the Tussle police arrived soon after I got down low and took his legs out said Franken afterward and then what they said in a T-Romatt candle ton of cuttimo I got down low Freckens said he's not backing Dean but merely wanted to protect it right of people to speak freely I would have done it if he was a Dean supporter at a carry rally he said I'm neutral in this race, but I'm for freedom of speech which means people should be able to assemble and speak without being shouted down You know I mean The trouble started when several supporters of fringe presidential candidate Linda LaRouche began shouting accusations at Dean Franken emerged from the crowd and charged one male protester grabbing with a bear hug from behind and slamming one of the floor Like it I was a wrestler Franken said to why use a wrestling move probably a full Nelson if you catch my drip Now great good old Al Franken man didn't know he had it in him. He did is a real man that he got out kind of boring I like his book, but he's kind of boring to listen. Yes, nevertheless. Oh speaking of real man Quebec court rules that Quebec gaze should be allowed to marry immediately A quote from sexual should have the same rights as gays and Ontario and British Columbia should be allowed to legally marry lawyers for the same S. couple of the court Monday the issue in Quebec is no different than anywhere else in Canada Colon Irving told the Quebec court of appeal in this day get in this gain age It is no longer acceptable to sing a lot of gays the court is being asked to rule under decision by the Quebec superior Court that the definition of marriage is discriminatory and unjustified somewhere legislations of cars Religious groups Are sinking to appeal they September 2002 rolling by justice Louise Lemellon that said that opposite sex definition marriage was unjustified on the charter of rights and freedoms So in other words the court said cut the crap mind your business get a life Exense to me Right now now while ago you were a restarted read a fact. Oh, and now the facts is a actually coming true now Good What was the one you were starting to read before About crazy legs Oh, I got it right now. It came through Is that the one you were getting into? That's one that I mentioned just as easy like herses dead Oh Peace you won't see them crazy legs right on no more Anybody remember him? No, I do it was a haul of flamer All but get to all of that we got a lot of stuff We got the screw about the key was tourist and I was a faxes are starting to come through like the month from Carl and Miami Springs smoking your own dope This is a good fact. It is a good stuff coming up in spite of all of our technical incompetence in fact We're proud of it. You wait and we like it. We're different We know that we're happy. We like it. We should start doing like this immediately. You probably get a 20-year They love everything screwed up and playing like stuff that we didn't really mean to play What should be perfect? Huh? Why should our lives be perfect right make them feel better about themselves? Oh, you see they're like all screwed up over there I feel much better. Let's be all screwed up together. Let's go to the Kindle town of Kachimah Say huh? No, let's hang out there Oh, wait up 20 26 past 11 at 5 60 W to Q. I'm telling you Westland jc pennies T-Rom You're you that's where your people are hanging out. No, okay, that's right now That's what they're doing All yours whatever like if they speak all your people they speak the same language Look at onies right you're having boo get on the in cheese 27 at 5 60 W to Q. If your hair is gone down the tank It's not coming back. It's not gonna all of a sudden you're gonna wake up one day and it's growing back didn't work that way The answer is call my good buddy Chuck Alphi Ray because he's been around for a long time I would say you know how many years I'm pretty man. I think that's close to being correct In fact after 30 days But a very Charlie's natural her line system if you're not ecstatic if you're not getting like lots of grabs and squeezes and feels If they're not big and free to show up in the T-Rom then Charlie give you your money back. That's correct They have nothing lose but that ball spot because like I said Charlie gives it a guarantee So call today and look like a man's look younger and better than you ever thought you could again Like what your name would say Dr. Judy Adine look like a real man's Shane and money if you mentioned Judy Dean when you call or Neil Roger you'll say that extra two Our bucks off the already reasonable price of Charlie's unbeatable unmaniable natural hairline system So forget about the mouth you'd look at wigs and a musk rats and a holes in the head and the that Dennis Cassinous look It just ain't flying right now Call Charles off here a toll free at 1 800 3 21 24 13 and get you a great look in head of here 1 800 3 21 24 13 or log out of that website Charles alphiary.com In road Yeah Ins bizarre Cheers You tough 560WC, you see how many joints are going to be legal here pretty soon? But third man! Anyway, I'll be right up. Thanks very much Jim and Atlanta. He says you are once again. Absolutely correct sir. Let me guard at the radio biz. Radio business is dead Jim. It's history. It's dead meat. Here's yet another example of our broadcasts is no longer operate in the pubic interest. This is from the Chicago Sun Times. Mayor Daily may have obliterated Meg's field last year, but now church-handle radio wants to wipe out or hear airport, at least from all of its traffic reports. You people are third channel man. You make me sick. You make us all want to puk your bunch of grave robbers. You're a bunch of bastards. We hate you. We despise you. If there was anybody else we could go work for, believe me, but we can't. And it moved in his enraged and appalled staffers at all seven clear channel stations in Chicago. The company is ordering its on-air town to stop reporting Kennedy Expressway travel times to all here. The landmark endpoint for many new generations of motorists. Thanks to a year-long marketing agreement with all state arena, the first under clear channels traffic destination rights program, travel times that are reported from downtown to the all-stator arena, rather than to all here, starting next week. The concert sports and venue facility, formerly known as the concert venue and sports facility, formerly known as the Rosemotor Risen is located in the rural here in Northwest suburban Rosemod. The idea came in a memo this week from very Butler's Animal Sales Manager for Clear Channel Traffic Chicago, Butler declined to say how much all-stator we knew was paying for the product placement, clubs and traffic reports. Quite honestly, for commuters who take this route, this change makes much more sense since these significant majority of commuters are not going to in front of our here each day. It's from the area where the all-stator win is located Butler Road to Clear Channel staffers, by the way, all of the concerts that are booked at the all-stator from Clear Channel Entertainment. What a coincidence, huh? These sinister implications of that corporate synergy are not likely to be lost on anyone. Any time that we mention the Kennedy Expressway travel times it will be to and from the all-stator rena, or for the cool people the all-stater he wrote, I understand that for the first couple of ways this will be an adjustment for some old habits are hard to break, as such I asked the marketing people representing all-stater for some patients with this transition he wrote. In Chicago Clear Channel owns the top four stations among listeners between the ages of 25 and 54, WVACFM, WGCIFM, WLITFM, and WNUAFM and also owns WKSCFM, WGCIAM and WRLAM if they didn't know for you. No more radio business, you've got like three or four companies that own almost every goddamn radio station in America and you can think all of these damn crooks, crooks and snooks man. Oh, but this is going to make the radio business so much more diverse and give the people so many more choices. Now they can hear Dr. Or Rush on the right side of the dime and let's side of the dime and you little the dial, you're at the top up toasty, you're coming out of their ears and on the bar of dial. Wally B facts as and says, 630 this morning I turned on the telling the leftover channel from last night was MSNBC. There was IMS. Unless that a two minutes his side kicks aka ASL is the two homophobic commentaries about Sedano and the camera faded to dawn with an obvious stage sad and expression of disgust. I didn't stick around for the rest of the stories I needed to make a drop off of me, porcelain pool. I'm so tired of homophobes as Wally B. Well, that's you, Mercanef and Wayman. I guarantee one thing they wouldn't put that crap on your here. They did throw their ass right off the ear. One thing about fat Canada man, we don't put up with any kind of that head or sexual crap, you know what I mean? You know how many straight people are allowed here? I'm just an up to keep the population going. So those quote is again right. Our speaking of a pot. Keywise tourist cops call this is one of the grades. Keywise tourist calls cops reports is marijuana stolen. Near tourist call police report that several items were stolen from his hotel room including some high quality. The Hayme and marriage we need. Yeah. Jim Devlin 33 of East Medowni York filed a report early Monday morning for the Keywise police. He was not charged because no marijuana was found. Police spokeswoman since he Edward said yesterday. Devlin who told police is an investment banker. Also claimed 50 bucks in a watch were stolen. He declined to tell police the amount of worth of the allegedly missing marijuana. I only want to report to watch not the money or the weed because I don't want to tell you how much weed there was. Devlin was quoted in the police report. You're on many joint setting how many ounces he had. About 30 man. 30 ounces. Just enough of the weekend. A man answering the phone Tuesday at the home address Devlin gave police to not had him recently been in Keywise to claim to have no knowledge of the police report. A telephone message elected Devlin's workplace which police listed his home number was not returned. I can't imagine why. Devlin's story to police fluctuated wildly. He told police that the alleging was worth $18.00. Then he said it was worth $30.00. Then three bucks. Did you think it was really worth $18? Yeah. That's what I think. But I never want to have people to play that again. So apparently in New York you can report your weed stolen and they'll help you find it. Right. Now this was in Keywise. No, I know, but he's from New York. So maybe that's what they do there. And he's ready. You can do it. Not a Westman. I like that. That's cute. Let's see. Roberto says I love your show. Do agree with your politics by. I'll tell you what you are blinding yourself. Alright, Robert Roberto. The Bible states that God created the earth, but never does it to know about life on other planets. God created the Bible for us to know the thing. Well, I've got created the Bible. She's been a little more pacific. You know what? For us to know the things we needed to know. You think that maybe we were never supposed to fell wrong to land in Mars? You'll probably ask yourself in a sarcastic voice. So if we were not supposed to land in Mars, why did he permitted? The same reason that he permits homosexuality. It's called free will. I see the same reason he permits homosexuality. Roberto. Back to that, doesn't it? Right. Gay. As opposed to permitting people to write ass and iron fashes. He permits that too. Doesn't it? Yeah. Free will. We are all alive to be tested by the Lord, but it doesn't make it right. Says Roberto. What do you know, Roberto? See if they can go counter-confume all in the T.W. Room. That great. Gotta be just a joke. I'm sure it has to be just fun and I'm not saying any fun and I'm not. Ah, good. Thank you. Oh, sorry. He said it. 386 votes on that poll were just have a little fun on this if the lesson will be in today. Uh, between Bush and Kerry who do you vote for. Now, see this. I, I don't believe the second were being freaked. 386, the votes. Kerry 278, 72%, Bush 75, 19.44%, does anybody believe that Bush gets 19.4% of the Zodiac? No. I wouldn't vote for either 120 and I'm wouldn't vote period 13. That's Danny Marina of Odinette. He's too busy, man with his TV work and his adulten stuff. He's too busy. Danny boy. Hey, by the way, Wayne, you're not following anybody. Uh, I said was him on the sickle fence on a radio station. You're not full and nobody would have Danny boy crap. Twenty-till noon, let's see, what's the schedule look like today? Well, I'd feel like we just got started here, you know? Look, we're finally just getting everything straight in our communications, our fatsets, our electricity, our whatever, wherever we got. Mad Dog at two, Mad Dog who was stoned on the air the night. I heard, and that what you heard from you, plastered from all the wall. The hoppers at the Super Bowl in Houston for the 630, we got a big game that I baby, Panther preview at 630. That was a really, a very unforetoothed as lost to the Rangers the other night. Five, two in the York, the Army, Yager, debut. That was bad. They'll try to recuperate against the flyers tonight at the Maccarine, the seven o'clock is the again time. How come they're playing at seven? I wonder. Then? Is that like a TV thing, I guess? Don't forget early starting tap at a game tonight at seven o'clock. Hurricanes warm up at seven on waxy, seven, ninety as the kids take on Notre Dame. Kick, kick some Notre Dame ass. Does the only time I ever root for the Huraculans when they're playing Notre Dame in any sport like badminton? Any can to basket after the hockey game into a Mark overnight. Don't forget, basketball on waxy, seven, ninety right after the Richard Pearl show and they pull Wolfowich Show. Which George is a big fan of both I'm here. It's not the same Paul Wolfowich. 19 till noon at 5.60 QAM. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. That man's a big hit, John. Kick your wolf, don't you insist. You know, they've had a spell with you till where it's at. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Oh, that's a hit, John. Oh, that's a hit, John. Oh, that's a hit, John. Oh, that's a hit, John. Oh, that's a hit, John. Oh, that's a hit, John. Oh, that's a hit, John. Oh, that's a hit, John. That man's a hit, he's a shoutin' out. Oh, that's a hit, John. Oh, that's a hit, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. That's a hit, John. Oh, that's a hit, John. Hey, John. 1147-13-035-60-WQAM. 412 votes on a poll if the election's right now today. And you got carry against Bush, who do you vote for? Okay. 72.3% Bush, 80, 19.4% you buy that? No. Oh. I would vote for either 120. And I'm not voting period 14, and in all your cases all 14, you were saying thank the Lord. Thank God, the good Lord. Carl and Miami Springs says there's a term called smoking your own dope. It's used to refer to someone who continuously and, and, essentially, purposely tells falsehoods and fabrications to the point where they themselves begin to believe that they're true. In other words, they believe they're on bullcraft. As I said, watching Jewelieberman last night go on and on about how he was in third place, it finally dawned on me that he's been smoking his own dope way too much. Then he goes on saying how he wrote the Homeland Security Bill. I don't know what your opinion is, but mine is that the Homeland Security Bill's a travesty and a piece of garbage. Lieberman makes it sound like he actually penned a bill like Jefferson penned the Declaration of Independence over three weeks in the June 1776. Listen, Jewel, if I want to live in Israel, I'll move to Israel, but don't go bringing Israel to a American. The President is really goose stepping brand of security to America. We grew in disgust me, says Carl, and you know what Carl, you are. Absolutely correct. You're a false and nauseate to me. Does anyone in his or her way? And then, you know, the best part before I finished the rest of this last night he was talking about how he represents the the center, the print and I part of the Democratic Party. Yeah. Yeah, he's the mainstream Democratic Party. No, really, you're just making that up. No, I'm not. He's a Clinton night. He wants to bring the Democratic Party back to the center of the, with mainstream is in America. You mean Clinton, who he was ripping, we was right. That's right, because of all him stains on that blue dress. That's correct. Does anyone in his or her way? Mine has Carl think that having an orthodox do for President is going to expedite the solution to the Israeli Palestinian issue. No, you think the Arabs hate America now. Just imagine how low we would be if we hit him for President. Jewel, if we're in his swimming in a sea of Israeli shackles and has one in his mouth and another in his, as he's swam, submits to the will of hardcore Jewish interests in America says Carl and my name is spring. I'll forget about him. Okay, he ain't going nowhere. He ain't going to be allowed in sunrise. What I hear. Crazy likes her. She's dead. Who? Bad news. He died. Madison was constant. Elroy crazy likes her and I fell Hall of Flame or later the athletic director, the University was constant. And then he died early today. He was 80. He's dead. He died. He got a natural causes at an assistant living facility. Oh, that's sad, you know. It's good thing he wasn't in Florida. He probably would have died a long time ago because the new thing in Florida now is people just wandering out of the ACLFs and they just, you know, getting hit by cars, things like that drowning. Had like two of those in last couple weeks, right? Right. Well, they did. They're too busy taking care of other people. Like Sheridan on passions is getting a juice big time, man. She's just giving her the juice, but now she's getting the juice they got there to give it a electric shock therapy. Oh, that juice. That juice. That's what Sheridan's getting there today. Oh, yeah. Horish here in the man. She survived a couple of weeks under the sea and survived that. She survived weeks and weeks down in that pit and fence basement. And now she's getting the electric shock. With that thing in her mouth. What type of green thing? The rubber thing? A green rubber thing. The two protector? Mm-hmm. Where the hell's the post already? I'll tell you one thing. Whoever's right in the episodes of passions is last week or so, they must be read the, like I said the other day, the mushrooms must have really come in big time to get stuff. Anyway, hers died in actual causes in the assisted living facility. The earned his nickname for his running styles a half back in receiver for the NFL's Los Angeles Rams in the NFL from 49 to 57. He sure could ram it. Before that, he played for these Chicago rockets, the pocket rockets of the All-America Football Conference. He became part of the Rams Revolutionary III and the fence in 1949. His best season was 51 when he led the NFL with 60sic catches. He was elected the pro football hall of fame in 1968. Oh, why crazy like hers is dead at 80. I know you don't care. I don't care. I don't care because even though who that is either. You know who that is? No. Okay. You do know. You guys better get with it. Okay. Just just know what I like who's alive now. That's not enough. In the back. In the back. In fact, I think that's what we're going to do these next three years. We're going to talk about dead people because it pisses off my own. I'm so new. I mean, anybody can figure out who's alive, you know? Well, not everybody. But like quasi-modal said, sometimes they're a little bit more quiet and even quite larger. They'll grease them more cooperative after they take their last breath. And like Roberto would say, they're spirit goes to heaven. Roberto come out of the tazim wherever you are sweetheart. He's just pissed off because he was passed over at the office. Discovery Channel, myth boss dude, he's just talking about someone who picked up WQM and his tooth filling. But after listening to him over five minutes, he killed himself. Oh, it's bigger than that. You know, let's have the hearings are going on. The armed services committee. Would Dr. David K. I was just watching that. Yes. Okay, you're starting to sound like he's getting a little bit nervous because it may have been not a subliminal accident that the soldier had a brim for him. Right. Can you introduce something inside David Kelly, who, of course, supposedly shot himself. We have an article on a website today, which disputes whether Dr. David Kelly really committed suicide. And now all of a sudden, Dr. David K is starting to change his tune a little bit. Pull it on his collar. Hold it along when Senator Levin from Michigan asked him if there were any stockpiles, not just large stockpiles. Any stockpiles of chemical or biological weapons in 2002 and Iraq. He said, no, we have no evidence that there were any large, small, teeny tiny, my new, nothing, all these things. And by the way, if you notice how John McCain and one side of his face now, the one we had the tumor removed, he was going up. It's like a gigantic balloon. If you notice that, he left cheek, chowtabacco. Wow. Is that what it is? He's got a big chonise cheek. But, man, he's a good boy. He's got a huge net. Good old John McCain. Oh, a little bit of a risk. Maybe he'll endorse Carrie. It says, somebody, please tell me the US Army Corps of Engineers, didn't have a Taliban halibut, no overcharging for gas in Iraq. These are all the same times who planted malalukatries everywhere to save the Everglades. Vote in the government. Asset and the scene abortion. It says, Tom Holley. I'm a Todd must have gotten his part of that good show. Oh, man. Sure, that out of his time. Pink Floyd to Barbara. You got it, Todd. We got pink Floyd to Barbara. Is that a fair. I don't know if you put it in your head. I got it. You just relax. I'm a man. You think that I know where everything is. And when I'm there, I haven't got a clue. Because is that it? Yeah. I got it here. I'll play it here. When I'm ready. Like Linda Blair would say, in time. Okay. How did you find that sofa? What do you might as well? I put it in there. You got to have something. Because I knew you were going to take those discs back. So I got to put them in the system. From rustic and very RFD, he went on to become progressive rocks greatest. Yeah, we'll play in the minute. I'm just giving you the tease there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I haven't taken too many calls today. And that's okay. I think I'm going to read in the next hour. It's a pond. Where's the, wasn't it? The Michael Moore article? Oh, the one that started out so funny. Yeah. I'll give the tease again to him. Casey, Mr. Michael Morris is you say the zerder. I say more dessert. Friends, I would like to apologize for referring to George W. Borses of his eritor. What I meant to say is that George W. Borses a dessert or an election thief, a drug driver, a WMD liar at a functional illiterate. And he poops in his pants. In fact, he shot him in in two sun just to watch him die. Actually, what I meant to say up into Hamster last week was that we're going to have Bush where dessert come November. I'm always missing up dessert and desert. I'm not sure, I'm sure many of you have that problem. And it goes on. That's just a tease. Michael Moore predicted for Emperor. That's what we need. And man with some balls. A big fat man, which is what we can relate to, who doesn't look all that good, which most of us can relate to. But he's got a big pair of balls and a big mouth and is not afraid to tell it like it is. Maybe those gay guys could give him a makeover. Yeah, we can have queer eye for the Michael Moore guy. Right. So that's not for the fat guy. Papa sounds about me. In fact, maybe we can get that picture from the Indians. Oh, I forgot he's not gay. Four minutes sooner or we can get that Spanish language or radio guy. He's not gay either. He's just Cuban. Four before noon at QM. We got the mad dog at two. Don't forget my close good friend. The mad dog. Oh, right. You're long at two. It's about to 10 out of the Patriots. You're going to kick some Carolina ass on Sunday. Nothing to be fine. And then to beat up on Carolina. So we forgot to tell Leafs that last night. Hey, if you're thinking to find a new car truck. What if you want to save really big eye and fight you to visit armstrongs. Toyota of homestead. Located on US one, just 20 minutes south of 836. Armstrongs, Toyota homestead is worth the drive to save thousands on brand new great toy odors. Check out these great prices and offer a Corolla loaded including air that you own for just 12. 19. What is it? 12. 990. You got that? Wait, wait, this is written out enough to make me want to kill somebody. Just 12.990 and 04. Came with aerodomatic and more just 16.990. Need a truck? How about an 04 Toyota Tundra of the safest truck in America from just 14.990? When you buy your new vehicle to armstrongs, Toyota homestead, you get a free sun pass and no forget these guys. The first dealer in the area to offer free batteries and tires for life. General manager David Richardson is staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today. Experienced the armstrong Toyota homestead difference. They're locally owned and operated. They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction. The service department is even open late. We ignite to late to make sure your service work is done. Conveniently located at US one in 293rd Street in homestead only 20. Easy minutes south of the old 836. So if you're fed up with those mega dealers who over promised an under deliver than here's what you'll do. Called David Rich Armstrong's Toyota homestead GM right now at 305-242-3247. 305-242-3247 Armstrong's Toyota of homestead, rival little and save a crapload of cash on that great new Toyota. This is Ticcini. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of an hour. A healing from rustic may vary RFD. He went on to become progressive rock's greatest and best groomed artist. And now all his best love songs are available on one CD. It's the very best of pink Floyd the barber. Welcome and welcome to the scene. Every pink Floyd the barber song has been digitally remastered in this CD box that that's a cut above the rest. The very best of pink Floyd the barber contains all your favorites. Like Hannah Sagar. And if we tell you the game of the game, we'll be with you. But we can be good right to the creamy trade. Oh yes, I like game blue. As well as this pink Floyd the barber classic. Ron like heck. Say party who they can't see with a back seat. They try to pick a film of the lose lost. Oh, Andy, Andy's going to sit you back to Aunt Beat. And get a cardboard box ready. Oh, you're going to be a good one. The very best of pink Floyd the barber is not available. In short call now. There you go. Pally North to charge. Cullbow 2 at 5 60 WQA. I don't know. Should we leave this pull up the rest of the day and just say the other one for some other day? Why not? I don't like the other one anyway. You don't? Do you? Yeah, I do. I thought I would. I would never credit candidate. Have to be free to vote for Bush. We'll say we can do it. I like let's keep the other one up. All right. Tomorrow I want to do one about is professional sports ready for gay players to come out of the closet. Huh? That would be one of the non our sports station. On our all sports and our very macho sports station. Okay. I don't want anybody to get confused just because of this show. I think this is some kind of a gag radio station or something like that. Ironically. For the fact ship station. Well, whatever. I'm all alone. Anyway, this one. Anyway, this chronic who was the fact. And us a few days ago about. Oh, jeez, the ratings are this because you do not just relax. Okay, chronic. At least he admits he's a chronic. And again, he's worried about the ratings. Since you mentioned Panthers hockey on QM and considering that there's standard TV ratings are nil, one of the numbers difference in that evening. Slot between broadcasting a Panthers game and say the big show from last night. Uh, well, same difference. Nothing. Neither one of them gets any audience. All I can tell you is in the summertime. The Marlins had a three something at night and then and then the fall book going from Marlins to the Panthers. It's like a one once a marginal. Anybody interested in that Panther fire game tonight? No. Come on. Let's get with it. Well, yeah. That was wrong with you. Our good regular fancier Marx says. I'm sure remembering when Matt Fudge jumped on you for passing on that erroneous factual report that Catherine Harris died in a plane crash, which we corrected within a matter of a couple of minutes by the way. I wonder if he'll pass on this far more egregious error by Dus Limbaugh since it involves well-known facts of public record from the New York Daily News, the Elisa Lipsy Karaz Carrass article whatever it is. Intellectual oops, it says the vast right wing conspiracy is looking to attack democratic presidential candidate John Kerry for things he did. Yesterday Republican pundit Brian S. Wise who writes for the website intellectualconservative.com. Why didn't the battle by slamming Vietnam vet Kerry for opposing the war in Southeast Asia even though he helped kill 21 innocent Vietnamese civilians as an AV seal. Unfortunately for wise whose column was titled on yesterday's Rush Limbaugh radio show, he got it wrong and badly. The longer go incident, the former Nebraska Senator Bob Kerry, a congressional Medal of Honor winner who's today president of Manhattan's New School University, former Senator from Nebraska. No real explanation just an honest mistake. Why is email me yesterday? I'll take my lumps like a man. Right. Rush don't make mistakes, okay? And maybe a few pills, something like that, but other than that, he'll make no. The thorn would yell like a mistake. Just keep that in mind. Speaking of the stakes. Yes, what they think I'm going to stay on the budget report. I'm going to say it again. It's not drop out. That's number one. Number two, Kerry didn't beat Dean by only 6%. It wasn't 36 to 30. It was nowhere near that. Post to that. And then all he does is he puts a bunch of crap on that so-called website of his which is very ugly and black and white and grotesque. And then what it turns to crap, he just erases it like it ever was there in the first place. Number three. As opposed to putting out a correction, like we did with a Katherine Harris story. By the way, I just heard a story about her. Did, yeah. Can't tell you. That's something to do with the train. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Oh, what's wrong with Ted Kennedy's nose? Not a damn thing. It's like collapsing. Well, maybe it's maybe he's rubbing it with Dan Rathers. Maybe then rubbing the noses together. I think other Schneider's own Warner who's on there right now. That work integration. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. And you know, as have nervous David K is also sweating. Yeah. I think they, when he sat down, there was a three by five card. That said, don't say the wrong thing because the chair you're sitting on is wired. Have a nice day, David. Yeah. What the chair is wired. Oh, where the hell is that? I'm wired. And guess who's got the remote control. I give up. Cheney. Here's Ray Denzel, Washington, who says, Have either of you read the Da Vinci code book yet? Oh, Jesus Christ Almighty. Are you out of your mind, Ray? I highly recommend it. A real page journal involves the Catholic Church and a holy grail of version that I was unaware of. Great story. Just finished do wears my country by Michael Moran. Now, can you believe that the same person would read do wears my country and the Da Vinci code? Apparently that Da Vinci code is not what I thought it was. What is it? It's a anti Catholic church book. Come on. That's what I heard from my collar recently. I thought it was. You told you that. Some collar that read it. I don't know. I thought Da Vinci code was to explain. That's what I thought too. The whole all night biblical bullshit. That's what I thought too. Because there have been so many books like that. Okay, well, let me sit this aside. In fact, what I'll do is when I go to the bookstore, I'll look it up. There you go. I'll take a puke and I'll leak through it and see if it's something I want to entertain. And I mean, if it's some an aircraft, oh, you don't want to read some you disagree with. Right. I mean, if it's that ridiculous. If it has any of the religious bullshit, I'm not wasting my time with it. Right. Life is too short for stupid baby crap. Once you get past the age of five, Sandy Claus, other tooth fairy, the Easter Bunny, other than the chaining who thinks these to bunny is dangerous and has weapons of mass destruction. He has eggs of mass destruction. He heard their Easter eggs. Yeah. He just had to find them. Right. Right. Right and down on your wrist, dick. Or right and down on your. Oh, and you know what I forgot to mention. This is important. See, I'm all out of a sink today from the way the show started. I have an I told you that for years when you start off and you're like this and Bob on the beginning, you never ever recovered. In other words, that day just write it off. Write it off folks. Move on.org. Did you get your email? Yes, I did. How come you didn't mention it? Because you get your email. Why should I know? I got in the middle of my pile here. I got heavy duty piles, man. By the way, Channel 4 is showing duty on here. Have they apologized for that yet? No, they're going to run a nobody wants to see crap on here. Okay. Nobody wants to in the middle. They're evening meals. Sit down with a family. Turn on the news there. And in the other room, and while they're sitting there to their Shet, Thubbraian and Dutchers potatoes, look up and see how pile of Baby poop in a car seat. Okay. Okay. Right. Nobody wants to see that. We know what crap looks like. Okay. You know what it looks like? Yeah. Oh, geez. Over the last four days, something incredible is happening. It's from my move on.org email. CBS is received over 340,000 emails in phone calls. Asking the stop censorship. Clearly, our huge number was believed that CBS's refusal to run our Voter Fund ad while allowing the Bush White House to run our in advocacy Ed of its own is just plain wrong and you are absolutely correct. columnist and editorial pages are writing about it on Monday. FCC commissioner Michael cops issue the statement on it. These folks understand that this issue isn't just about our Voter Fund's ad. And ad by people work for the ethical treatment of animals was censored as well. And hearted's about free speech. Are you probably not too unhappy about the Pita ad being paid up? Man, what? And hearted's it says that it's about free speech. Huge companies like CBS that control access to the publicly on their ways have to error opposing points of view. CBS still refuses to run child's pay, but together we can increase the pressure on CBS and through the power of the internet we can make sure that millions of people see the ad and learn about the controversy. As a first step forward to see Mayor Lody original message attached below to your friends asking to check out the ad at move on dot org. It's got all the links all the stuff. In fact, this goes on for pages. It's got talking points that you can put in your letter to CBS. It's just a pile of crap man. And of course CBS on by Viacom. They're sucking up to the Bush people because it's all about the FCC and it's all about allowing them, you know, pushing through that legislation instead of the democratic opposition to try to force the hand of all the rest of us to sit back and be raped even yet again by the big conglomerates. So they can own more in more organizations. They can own newspapers in the same markets and pretty soon you'll have four companies that are very goddamn radio television news paper in America. Plus your pop-up toast you'll have the same propaganda on it and your microwave too. And a public sits back and we'll let him leave. But more and more are catching on, which is why we had that record breaking turn out a new hamstring yesterday. Yes. While we double last year, the four years ago is turned out and I want the caucuses because when they're frying the media start like catcher on all of a sudden going on here. Wow. Something is really heavy duty going on. There's a passionate, and did you see the questions they asked the exit pulling into a hamster? No. And like more than two-thirds, I think it was 71% were opposed to the war in Iraq. Oh, that? Yeah, it's how they report all of those things. And about the economy is two-thirds and it's going in a wrong direction where the Schmidt House economically. They're not fooling anybody with this wall street, and the traffic can be easily manipulated by their millionaire and billionaire friends. No, they're not buying in that. And of course, by the jerks at CNBC, who aren't business to try to penalty you a bunch of crap. Because if they penalty a more crap at a market goes up, then more suckers go in and buy more crap and that increases their ratings. Not to mention, of course, that CNBC is owned by NBC, which is general electric, and also just like Viacom, got their head off the FCC's ass. Pretty damn dangerous, man. It's pretty as scary. Radio business, who are out of business. This is one of your few places, man. And that's why I see, I think, that some of these bush people. They want me to think that we're just spinning our wheels the most in our time. So we'll stop talking about it, right? Just like the ones that fax in, oh, Jean, you know, we liked so much better when you're not talking about politics. And this is really pond, or we say, and we might, you know, don't worry. All you other people out there with your, uh, Titi crap. We'll have all the pictures out there pretty soon. When's the girl coming in with that stuff, by the way? I don't know how to say them today. About the hot couple's contest. That's going to be starting again this week. So those of you who only go to our website to look at the cartoons and funny pictures and naked pictures. We got some post-and naked pictures coming so, man. They're coming soon. Squirting, or you will be too. If you're a carpenter, like somebody had an accident on them, regardless of whether it was watch in Channel 4 or not. Here's the answer for you. Come, I got friends with dry concepts because they're the best in the world. They've got an exclusive patented method. That's why they call it dry concepts because they dry clean your carpeting. Just like dry cleaning your clothing. Nobody else does it nowhere. And it's the best way to go because they suck out even the deep-down dirt way down there in the fibers of your carpet that you can't see with the naked eye. But believe me, they're really a pain in the ass on your carpets. And your carpets when they finish your look brand new. They'll smell them any fresh. They grind a couple of hours. You'll actually believe that somebody just performed a miracle right on your floor. Almost that movie was it endless, uh, uh, something like that. Enless, endless lights and the slump. And the slow. Remember? They were performing a miracle right on the floor. And she was watching it. Anyway, call today and see I can say 15% our next carpet cleaning. Ask about being put on the stand by list when you call dry concepts. Nobody does it better. And you don't have to worry about scams or rip offs because they give you a written guaranteed price up front. Before they start doing their unbeatable job. I've been using these folks in my house for over 20 years because I know that nobody know where does it like these folks. Call them toll free. Call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Remember? Press your carpets to anybody else again or walk under their website at dryconcepts.com. My record logo on this is my city. Where you go, you're so cute. I'm a cute man. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. We're changing the call, Eric, we're putting Dean in the Senate area. I think I did it again. I got really mind. Then married my friend. Oh, baby, I was not when we went. So I don't know if it was fun to make it. I might lose him. I know for me, could I be this side of me now? I told my lawyers, I got you on the again. I was having a bad thought he was a sin. Oh baby, baby, I said that I do. I had too much to lose. I can't hold my liquor. I got on the again. That's time I did that. I kissed my dad on. Oh baby, baby, I thought that you called. Then married the door. I thought that there he is. Oh, no. Probably 18 to five 60. Now you remember Bob Dolacores had that penis problem. Did he remember he was one of the first folks in Provangra? When I'm Larry King talk about his limp penis. That's why I'm thinking that if they fight out that John Kerry's got like a penis pump or something like that, not good. No. I want to change and that's all he ever can't do. It'd be very simple. I already printed out the first half result. Just for fun, just because I don't want Howard Dean to get upset. When I get you boy, if the election day is between Bush and Dean, who gets your vote? That's all he's got to change is one more there and change it on the poll, right? Right. There you go. 533 votes on the first part on Part Uno. Kerry at 360, 72.7% in a head-to-head match up with Bush, Bush 91, 18%. I wouldn't vote for either 1, 26, 5.1%. And I'm not voting period 23.9%. Probably illegal aliens. Fine, I understand there's going to be a voting precinct at the Kengeltona Country Mall this year. It'll be voting booth right in there. Yeah. Booth. How voting people? Anyway, the book of Inchee Code is anti-churchs as this fact is who are we. Facts is it back. Anti-church, anti-church. How far are your copy when you're dead? Well, how come I don't understand? I saw a piece about it on TV. I don't know one of those people are jumps to conclusions, but I'm sure I saw a piece. I'm thinking that you're thinking the same thing that I'm thinking and that's something. I'm thinking the same thing you're thinking. Yeah, the one I'm thinking. It's some other book, some other code book. Is what we're saying. What else could it be? No, there was another book. Well, because this book was a best seller was number one on the New York Times best seller list, but then again, so it was Pete Rose. Well, somebody will call in and tell us. QAM, hello. Hello. Yes. I'm voting for Carrie. Yeah. Okay. You're kind of scary. That was Dr. Judy Dean. Just doing a voice. 5605050, try to throw us off the track. Count five 60 on the AT&T and the Emily, we need to vent she code and tell us what it's all about. Maybe a little more article, live and ray, who's foaming at the mouth on the facts. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. Okay, sir. All right. Listen, there was this one bit that you play where they taught real fast on the other times that push I can knit. Yeah. Is there the way that we get a thing? No. No. I'll play it on the next break though. I was at. Can you do that? We can do it. You can do it from there. Because I don't have it. Tomorrow morning, you can feed it to me. Yes. I keep it up. WQAM book club. How are you? What is it? I'm voting for Carrie. Carrie Wood. WQAM, hello. Now, what is that? What is what? What do you want? I don't understand what's just half on there. QAM, hello. I like Bob Radio. I think you think so, though. Or you're getting really weak, man. Your lame. Your material was always bad before, but you said you can barely speak now. Go back to the cab, okay, pal. We got some Haitian passengers want to take you as for a ride. WQAM, hello. Hey, darling. Okay. I'm the original veteran Jones and, uh, yeah, good. Lower out your ass. WQAM, hello. Why not there? What is this pretty lame man? For a D-Lame 560, 560. I'm just after we did Michael Moore column pretty soon here, you know it? Okay. Well, we're not building a pole. Do you know what I expect these people to have anything to say? Do you? We just had a big primary in New Hampshire last night. I just asked a question about a book to the Vinci code. I guess nobody had anybody read it to him. That'd be good. So we'll try to find out about a way, but the verdict is still out. Because I can't imagine that anybody who would read Michael Moore due to us by country would be reading some pro-religious bullcraft cat-like church propaganda. Can you? No. Not really. WQAM, hello. Fuck you, man. Like I said. WQAM, hello. I've got the book in my hot little hand. And I haven't read it yet, but I have read Let me turn it right off. There we go. Um, I haven't read it yet, but I did read a review. And I don't remember the review saying, Pro-war anti-catholic at all. But let me read you the first paragraph of the inside of the jacket. Okay. Let's talk a little bit about what that sounds like a place to start. While in Paris on business, Harvard's symbologist Robert Langdon receives an urgent late night phone call, the elderly curator of the Louvre has been murdered inside the museum, a battling cipher found near the body, as Langdon and a gifted French cryptologist, so he uses the door to the door. So it's a bizarre writer's there, stunned to discover a trail of clues hidden in the works of Da Vinci. So it's just a good murder mystery. It's a fiction book. Yes, it's fiction. And I don't think I don't think it's leading one way or the other, but I haven't read it. But from what I can say, and did you ever hear of a guy named Vinci Flynn? No. Okay. He wrote a book called Separation of Power, and that was also in the New York Times bestselling list. And he says the Vinci code sets the hookable books and takes off down a road that is, that is, as I said. Well, you give me an opinion. You don't have to go any further. Okay. I appreciate it. See me a lot of money, pal. Thanks. Okay. See you. See you saved me a lot of money. And me. No, he said me money that you would be born. You would be born. 16 votes on Dean and Boyce. Okay. The new poll is up there. Let's see how Dean does. I'm going to better save that other one. Did you save it? I know. Oh, don't hurt me. I just made Candidine already. You know me how I like to tear stuff up like that. I do know that. But there are still still have it. We'll still have it. They're all saved it. Because I sure as hell didn't. Yeah. Back to you. It's not a floor, George. One sign of it. I'm a flooring about 20 different. I don't beat picking on seeing you again. And this one we're starting to make up on the audience again. We're featuring her. Where is that poll, George? I'm... Why? I'm the one. I'm the one. So anyway, we had 503 in the first poll. I'm sure we'll do a lot more now because we're going to keep this stuff all the way to the more morning. I can't find it. I do find a Michael Moore article. You saved his dessert. The dessert or I say more dessert. Oh, here it is. I saved it right here. Man of my agenis. No. Yeah. 503. Can we 72.7%? Bush 18%. 18%. 18 for the Abush Myster. Don't ever then saw us. WQM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going, buddy? All right. All right. Last week when you were talking about all the low car stuff and the week before that when you were going about those bars that gave me the truck. Yeah. Well, I've been on the low car thing. I've lost 30 pounds to dance side. Great. That's great. You know, I'm rolling up my rosepeed with cheese and it's just eating that and no bread. And we go. So I'm in longering the other day and I see these low carb things. They've got a whole little section of it now. And I'm going, oh, cool. You know, let me take a look. And I said, well, you know, I've got to be careful. And you'll set the silver towel up. Kill you. And so the multi-tall. If you're allergic to it, it will. Well, I've got a bad stomach as it is. Oh. Yeah. I've seen a couple of companies that just know the fact. Really? So I buy them. There are expensive. They're like 299 for these little bars and whatnot. So I said, okay, I'll try a couple because I'm chosen for some chocolate and some nuts. I'm like that. Some nuts. Yeah, some nuts. I'm not on my chin. The, uh, so I eat them. And I'm driving home in my truck and all of a sudden. No. Okay. I'll tell me. Dude, I almost didn't make it to the head. And every time I see the head, then I read the wrapper. Multiple, sore, but tall. Oh, God. I'm a sore. All the talls. All the talls. You can think of the talls all the time. All the talls all the time. And I'm a talllistic. And I, and I deliver stuff for living. I deliver kosher foods and all this other crap. Oh. Very, very. And I'm sitting there going, how do I replace my trucksy with a toilet? I mean, that's not that I felt. I'm in my truck 18 hours a day. And I'm on the, and I felt like I was on the toilet for 26. That's all, yeah. Don't say it. I know how you keep away from the car. That doesn't have a chance to absorb. Yeah. Read the labels. Read the labels. Dude, the tell you. The print was so fine. My trip vocals didn't work. Well, the good news is you can probably film the sequel to Transpiring, right? You truck. Oh, geez. Good luck, Patty. Don't get it. Great job, bud. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. I'm spotting. 27 past noon at 5.60. QMU say to Zerder, I say more to Zerder. We're sports radio 5. See you. QM. Speak from the universal values. And build our nation forward. We're the man. The freedom of conscience and religion. And the race and dignity. And every life. Invaded enough to five two countries at a continuing cost of a one-thuring hours per week. The US are close and effectively bankrupt of the US Presbyterweight. Shadowed the record for the largest annual deficit in US history. Sip an economic record for most part of the bankruptcy filed in an annual month period. Sip the old time record for the biggest law for the history of the US stock market. It's the first president in US history to record office with a criminal record. Sip the old time record for most days on vacation in any one year period after taking off an entire month. Besides it over the worst of 30 failure in US history. Sip the old time record for most four countries in US history. Sip the old time record for most four countries in US history. Sip the record for most days on vacation in any one year. Sip the old time record for most three countries in US history. Sip the old time record for most four countries in US history. Sip the old time record for most four countries in US history. Sip the old time record for most four countries in US history. Sip the old time record for most four countries in US history. Sip the old time record for most four countries in US history. Sip the record for most four countries in US history. Sip the record for most four countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the old time record for most four countries in US history. Sip the record for most four countries in US history. Sip the old time record for most three countries in US history. Sip the old time record for most three countries in US history. Sip the old time record for most three countries in US history. Sip the old time record for most three countries in US history. Sip the old time record for most three countries in US history. Sip the old time record for most three countries in US history. Sip the old time record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most two countries in US history. Sip the record conambuses for most three countries. Szip the record. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most four countries in US history. Sip the record for most five countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Sip the record for most three countries in US history. Kollegen! Remember the guy called yesterday said that the rumor is not that Juliana is going to be his running mate. Yeah. While Democratic rivals battle for the presidential nomination, a succession of ruling primary elections, Vice President Dick Cheney appears to be fighting to secure his spot on the Republican ticket behind President George W. Bush. The Vice President who's a parent moderation in 35 year Washington experience reassured voters worried about the carelessness and experience of Bush during the 2000 campaign is seen more and more by Republican party political as a drag on the president's election chances and what's expected to be an extremely close race. The reasons are simple, instead of the moderate voice of wisdom and caution that voters thought that we're getting in the vice president, I'm going to expose him about his role in the drive to war and Iraq and other controversial administration plans to Do you pick them as an extremist who constantly pushed for the most radical measures? Absolutely correct sir! How do you like that? Maybe they're gonna dump dick. That's what that line says. What W dump dick? And then if they dump the other one? Then maybe they'll have something. Right. Maybe they just need to eat some of them bars that dislies the truck driver we're talking about. They both do a big dump. They've always been dumping on America for three years plus. Let's see, it says I really enjoyed the men's sports format of WM as well as to be behind the scenes reporting that takes the listener into the locker room. I would also appreciate if you could tell me the name and address of the mug you were talking about. Ha ha ha ha ha ha! At about 1045 I tried my best to locate it on a math quest and couldn't find it. Directions from West Palm Beach via the Turnpike would be ideal. Ha ha ha ha! Alright. Alright. Oh. Yeah. Which one of our sports people is that from? Let's see here's the fact that it says Da Vinci Code did. First of all, WM Del Rey and everybody else. Thanks for the facts and the calls but it's a fiction book. Is there any chance I would read by it? They don't read it for free. No. See the movie? No. Da Vinci Code deals with these suppositions that alternative gospels that Jesus Christ married Mary Magal and had children. These offspring and their legacy are the holy grail. I'd rather watch money python again myself. Allegedly throughout history the church had destroyed all books and evidence of these grail children, even including murder says WM Del Rey. How do you like that? Even including murder. Oh my God. Ah, the church wouldn't do anything like that would they? No. Presidents and cardinals don't have people murdered. Who's being naive now? Speak. Marty and Miami say this is the most poll will be a good one. Will sports accept athletes coming out of the closet. The first one to place his vote will be the Romero Brian. He'll probably continue by saying when I was playing there were no gay sex acts in the locker room. Please he's probably the first one to throw in incomplete past with a soap and locker room show. Bulmer or Brian? Who's that? You're asking me? Who's that? John Jack? I don't know. I know Bulmer is siphon. Right. But this one says Bulmer or Brian. By the way, Book of Brian is great, but that pink boy that's got to be the stupidest. He first of all, he didn't do that bit. Uh-oh. Marty. Marty. You were doing okay to leave out to this one, Marty. Then you dropped a soap run on Book of Brian's bald head. He didn't do that spot. Please get rid of that. I think Book is really reaching now. Why he may be reaching for like a shotgun. I don't know your crackle away because he didn't do that bit. I don't like it that much either. In fact, I only play because somebody asked for it. I'm trying to be like a nice guy. Not the usual bastard that I am, but just trying to be a nice guy and help people get through the day that's all we do. We're not going to make no changes in life. Are we? No. But we'll tell you this. We are tracing everybody to vote on our polls for Bush and come election day man. We're going to be gardenier, D'Orway. You're not going to be able to get it. We have vays. Right. 91 votes. Now the election is between Dean and Bush. Got it? Got it. Between Dean of the I have a screen speech. 65, 71.4% Bush 11, 12%. Now what? Why is that? I don't know. Maybe the Bush people haven't figured out that we reset the poll and they haven't come back yet. I wouldn't vote for either one ten and I'm not voting period five. I think that we've been freaked earlier. I think that'll about 11 is that my poll. No. No. I think they get, yeah. We never get freaked. I think we're getting freaking freaked is what I think. I don't like that. We're getting a few people in freaked. But I drive a can't say freaked on here anymore. That's what the Michael cops just said. We got the cops listen now. I hope you have CC. You'll just have to cops to play. I will let's do the break a little bit early because how long it's going to take me forever to read this thing. I apologize because I don't have, I got about 90% of my voice back from his nasty cold. It's the flu. I feel fine really. Am I no's is neither all that stuffy. But you know how it like it hangs into your throat. You know, you know, hangs in your throat. It hangs into your throat. Why you wouldn't know. But I know. I've heard about those things. 21 till 1 at 5.60 QA. Why do I keep doing this? You're my normal. This is 21.50 QA. Absolutely. Don't like all the hard burn. Don't go home. Every time I see. Don't go home. Every time I see. Don't go home. Every time I see. Don't go home. Every time I see. Every time I see. Every time I see. Every time I see. Every time I see. Every time I see. Every time I see. Every time I see. Every time I see. I've heard about those things. While you're still a little more strong. And yet the realtal of glory. Here's your wife, TWICE. You beat me. Don't go home. My mind is drunk and rich here. Don't go home easy then. No more than me. Please present him, come. Yeah don't tell what I'm told. You got him in my heart from drugs. The Christian's wrong. No one's less than you and I. But how so fear? We've got a great leader here. With friends it ends up. We've got a man dog at two. The humpers from the Super Bowl in Houston in four. And then we got the 630. Panther preview. Panthers in Philadelphia. Game time is at 7 tonight. On Waxy's 790 we got Hurkw and basketball against Notre Dame. It can't be all that into a Mark overnight. And then the morning it's at 7 o'clock. The unspeakable one. Michael Morrison. As you say, the zirder I say more dessert. Friends. I would like to apologize for referring to George W. Bush as a desserter. What I meant to say is that George W. W. Bush is a desserter and election thief. A drunk driver, a WMD liar, and a functional illiterate. And he poops his pants. In fact he shot a man in two sun just to watch him die. Actually, what I meant to say up in New Hampshire last week was that we're going to have Bush for dessert. Come November. I'm always missing of dessert and dessert. I'm sure many of you have that problem. Well, well as George W. Would say it's time to smoke him out of their hole. Thanks to my humorous introduction of Wesley Clark Tendig, days ago in New Hampshire, and the lug headway the no sense of humor media is covered it. There were 15 million hits this week in on my website. Everyone who visited the site got to read the truth about Bush not showing up for National Guard duty. The weird thing about all of this is that during my routine I never went in any details about Bush skipping out while in the guard. It's not like it's the biggest issue in my mind or facing America these days. I was just attempting my best impersonation of that announcer guy for the WWE F asking the cheering crowd if they'd like to see a smack down, which I called the general versus dessert or you can watch it here hardly anyone in the media shown this clip because viewers would suddenly see the context of my comments. When the press hurt me used that word dessert, although the bells and whistles went off for this was one of those stories they knew they had ignored. And now it was rearing its ugly head, truthful head on a very public stage. Without a single other word for me other than the D word, the immediately got so defensive that looked in many viewers like they, the press maybe had something to hide. After all when I called Bush a dessert, how did they know I was referring to how he's deserted the 43 million Americans we have no health coverage. Why didn't they assume I was talking about how Bush is a dessert because he's deserted the working people of this country who lost 3 million jobs since he taken office. Law was an obvious to them that I was pointing out how Bush a deserted our constitution and bill rights and he tries to limit freedom of speech and privacy rights for law-abiding citizens. Instead they created the Buhaha Hall of Rebus's military record, offered I tell them they're audience what the exact charges are. It seems all they want to do is get Clark or me or you to shut up. We've never investigated this until we want you to apologize for bringing it up. While I'm glad they've gone nuts over it because here we have a commander in chief, who just talk to Kauvala and uniform to go to work for some Republican friend of his dad. Now sending our kids over to Iraq to die while billions are promised to halibut in the oil companies. 20% of them are national guard and reserves and that numbers expected to double during the year. They've been kept in Iraq much longer than promised and they haven't been given the proper protection they're sitting ducks. Six more dead yesterday by the way. What if any of them chose to do what Bush did back in the early 70s? Just not sure well. I've seen Republican defenders of Bush this week say yeah but he made up the time later. So can this week so can't today's national guards been do the same thing. Just say when called up to Iraq. I'm not going to show up. I'll make up the time later. Can you imagine what would happen? Of course none of them are the son of a congressman, like you in Lieutenant Bush, was back in 72. Today move on.org has put together its response to this issue and I'd love to reprint it here. It lays out all the facts about Bush and the remaining unanswered questions about where he went for many, many months. Here I would appear to be the known facts laid out recently, and considerable detail on documentation by retired pilot and international guard, first Lieutenant Robert A. Rogers and in 2003 book the lies of George W. W. W. by David Corn. 1. George W. Bush graduated from Yale in 1968 when the war in Vietnam was at its most deadly and the military draft was in effect, like many of his social class in age he sought to enter the national guard, which made Vietnam's service unlikely and fulfill his military obligation. Competition for slons was intense, there was a long waiting list. Bush took the Air Force officer in public qualification test on January 17, 68, and scored the lowest allowing passing grade on the pilot aptitude portion. 2. He nevertheless was sworn in May 20, 17, 16, for a six-year commitment. After a few weeks of basic training, Bush received an appointment as a second lieutenant, a right usually reserve for those completing four years of wrotsie or 18 months of active duty service, Bush then went to a flight school and trained on the F-02 interceptor fighter jet. Fighter pilots were in great demand in Vietnam at the time, but Bush wound up serving as a weekend warrior in Houston, where his father's congressional district was centered. A Houston Chronicle story published in 1994 quoted in Corns' book as Bush saying, I wasn't prepared to shoot my eardrum out with a shotgun in order to get a deferment. Nor was I willing to do what a Canada, so I chose to better my self-ylearning how to fly airplanes. 3. Sometime after May 1971, young Lieutenant Bush thought participating regularly in guard activities. According to Texas Air National Guard Records, he had fewer than the required flight duty days and was short of the minimum service to the guard. Records indicate that Bush never flew after May 1972, despite his expensive training, even though he still owed the National Guard two more years. 4. May 24, 1972 Bush asked to be transferred to an inactive reserve unit, Alabama, where he'd also be working on a Republican Senate candidates campaign. The request was denied. For months, Bush apparently put in no time at all in guard service. In August 1972, Bush was grounded suspended from flying duties for failing to submit to an annual physical exam. Why wouldn't he take this exam from a doctor? 5. During his 2000 presidential campaign, Bush's staff said he'd be called to do an in Alabama and then returned to Houston for still more duty. But the commander of the Montgomery Alabama unit, where Bush said he'd served told the Boston Globe that he had no recollection of Bush, son of a congressman, every reporting, nor are there records as there should be supporting Bush's claim. As to the press conference in Alabama on June 23, 2000, what duties he'd performed as a guard's been in that state, Bush said he couldn't recall, but I was there. 6. Every June in July 1973, Bush suddenly started participating in guard activities back in Houston again, pulling 36 days at Elington Air Base in that short period. On October 1st 1973, 8 months sort of a six year service obligation and scheduled discharge, Bush apparently was discharged with honors from the Texas International Guard, 8 months short of a six year commitment. He then went on to Harvard Business School. Document supporting these requests, released under Freedom of Information Act request to peer along with Rogers article on the web and they said a website you can click and I've got the link. In the absence of full disclosure by the President or supporters, only the President and perhaps a few family or other close associates know the whole truth and they're not talking. Bush was apparently absent without leave from his assigned military service for his little seven months, according to the New York Times, or as much as 17 months according to Boston Globe during a time when a half a million American troops were fighting to Vietnam Moore. The Army defines a visitor, also known as DFR for drop from roles, as one who is a wall 31 days or more. Well, there you have it, someone who gets some special treatment and now that special some of the lazy as the right to conduct a war using other not so special people's lives. My friends, I always call that like I see it, I don't pussy foot around, sometimes the truth is hard to take. The media conglomerates are too afraid to take this on, I understand, but I'm not. That's my job and I'll continue to do it. And when I'm wrong, like to think about Bush pooping his pants, I'll say so. Yours is Michael Moore. And we hope for all we know maybe he did poop his pants. He loves them. Mm-hmm. It's on our website, the entire thing, and you can click on some of his links and read more. Or not, as the case may be, depending on how brain wash you want to continue being. Let's say, three most pop in us counties push for a ballot paper trail, thank you, Gary and Western. Florida's three most pop in us counties took a rare unified stance, as we calling for the state legislature, to require a ballot by ballot paper record of votes cast on electronic voting machines. Hallelujah, let's hear it. All right. Palm Beach, Howard and Dave County Commissioner dissatisfied after spending millions on touchscreen voting machines, since the, uh, to mulch it was 2000 presidential election. That's the fixed one. Yeah. A great paper printouts are the only way to win still public confidence in touchscreen ballots. They try county coalition voted unanimously to send state legislators a letter endorsing a paper trail. I hope this gets the legislative body to understand what we're concerned about, said Palm Beach County Commissioner, Errantson, who raised the issue with a meeting on Monday. And it goes down about the race being decided by only 12 votes in the Audi Audi Audi Audi, one in January, six special election for Brown, Brown and Palm Beach County. Say, you know, people trust the elections don't think they trust those machines with no paper trail. No. Now, it says the quiet voting systems has made Palm Beach counties touch screens is developing a printer that says what had about $500 to the cost of the voting machine. About two and a half million for the county's 5000 machines, but the printers have not yet been certified by federal or state authorities, which makes it nearly impossible to have them ready for Florida's fall elections. Uh-huh. There you go. So catch them if you can. And we won't. 151 votes on our second poll today. We did the carry against busher earlier. Let's see, carry had 70, uh, 2.7% bush 18% which we don't believe. And now it's Howard Dean's turn. If the election were going on right now between Dean and Bush, would you vote for? 151 votes 100 for Dean 66.2% bush 25 16.5% 11.2% said I wouldn't vote for either one of them. And nine people said I wouldn't vote for it. Now why do you think that the, of this script is the only five percent said they wouldn't vote for either again with carry and the 11.2% said they wouldn't vote for either one. I don't know. You think maybe that's because they think that Dr. Dean is a little underqualified and over-medicated? Oh, well, say again, he made a magnificent speech last night. This is the problem. I mean, it's a little spastic. You know, his performance in the debates has been getting worse and worse and worse. And every once in a while, he'll make a speech to his, you know, his groupies. And he would be fantastic. Say all the right things. Maybe we should withhold judgment till tomorrow night in South Carolina. The big debate tomorrow, you're going to be watching. I'm going to try to. Yeah. Catch the kitchen if you can. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Horizon Wireless Line. WQA and hello. Hello. Yeah. How are you? Okay. How you know, I'm Palatz's third college half hour. 560, 0560. Now that must be Reverend Jones doing what I was Reverend Jones. Yeah. Now, what is that happening online to there? Do you see that? Because that's the primary line. Oh, that's Josh getting the number. Josh doing what? Getting the number. Yeah, I'm going to publish it. Okay. That number. Yeah. Oh, you and Reverend Jones, man. I think the two of you will be just fine. You are. You will have a great time. You love it. WQA and hello. Say Neil. Yes sir. Did you see the story in the favor today about the Indian Minor League picture? How to heat up the Donald. Yes sir. We've had it on many, many times. Sir, I hate to do the Donald. I didn't know he was Hispanic. You do. I guess he's recon. Why was he? I thought he was a little Japanese myself. But maybe he's just one of the Chinese Colombian. You know, some of them Colombian Indian kind of guys. Right. They have the kind of, they got to get a look. Chinky looked to them. Mm-hmm. Bad complexion though. Maybe once it changed a complexion of the locker room a little bit. 567. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. WQA and hello. Neil, I don't mind. Pretty good sir. Hey, CBS Dan Rather's last night redeemed themselves, man. It's about time. Um, Dan Rather, it a clock at night when everybody came on with special repeat. Any minute. Was his nose still all puffed up? Uh, no. He was all right. Oh. But he came on while everybody else was going by the beat. But I blew up by the bar. I'm hearing you're dean in this net. He came on and said right now. We don't have enough information to declare any kind of winner or say who's leading his what and we will leave it at that. I mean, he finally grew up there. I think. Well, so he came on and they were like breathless. I think CNN was like trying to suck people out of watching all that. Because they kept saying, oh, it's going to be much closer than we thought. And it's going to be very tight and, uh, crossover. All right, law. All right, law was never closer than 12% all right. I have a they came on at 8 p.m. Have they just closed? We don't have enough information to say who's doing what or where. Yeah, they're like, oh, like, maybe they got the message from Joyce. I was on the could be. But they got the message from Santino. You know, you blew the brains a little bit of nice time. Yeah, maybe that's where they got that. But it would be nice like that. Oh, I found some respect for Dan, rather my friend. Well, I, I, I know this is he loved good too. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a great day. Do you have any idea what he said? He said. Then that's we said. What's the frequency? Can a. Oh, by the way, speaking of dice. He just rupted another official telling us now that we know we've disrupted them. US to launch new offensive in Afghanistan, where we just had more Canadian soldiers die the other day to them. And they're in a sense, but not a hard fact, not hard news that they feel they are getting closer that it is just a matter of time. All right, Barbara, start with that important information. Just a matter of time before we close in on Osama, I think like two days before election day, we're going to come up with them or somebody who looks fairly close to them. You wouldn't know any really tall skinny guys. Yeah, I do. Like anybody in that we know. No. Oh, God. Oh, three Crawford. Oh, that's Osama. Sorry to be better. Sorry for the urge, baby. Yeah. Why don't I have like a burka? You know, I spent the over-miss of this guy. So we'll never know. And I'll just try somebody up. Look at that. We got Osama. All right. Everybody's safe. Go to work in your burka. Right. And you know what we do at them? They'll all kind of don't you? Don't think you've brought a brains or low be a nice side of the league suit. All over their burka. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T. All judge rule Schwarzenegger loans illegal. Judge rules California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger Formation dollar campaign loans were illegal. He broke a state law during the closing weeks of the week call race. I think he's going to investigate himself just like those charges of a Right. I think we should have a recall. When he took out four and a half million dollars in bank loans to help his cash drive campaign according to a preliminary ruling from a superior court judge. If the decision on Monday's upheld the governor could be forced to pay back the loans out of his personal funds. Ah, chump change, man. Four and a half million. We'll make terminator 10. Okay. I think we'll make a good one. Hey, can pick that up out of the cookie jar. Out of the couches. Onal. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Don't forget which is the candle town of country mall about 630. WQAM Hello. Do we top it for gift? WQAM Hello. QAM Hello. Hello. Yes. You remember that? No. I don't. Oh. Sure. Remember that? No. Oh. Sure. Remember. WQAM Hello. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Oh. Go ahead, sir. I know. Yes, sir. If we weren't anything yesterday that George is a straight man, right? Is that what we're trying to say? Go to that man. What does that mean? What does that mean? That was Reverend Jones. That's what that means. No. If you say that one more time, I'm getting up and walking out. All right. Now go back to that run. Yeah. Had you forgotten him? No. That caller? No. That is him. It's him and his friend. They're tag teaming. No, no. It's not where. You know, I want Josh to take a baseball bat. See, your memory. Your focus is so narrow. Now you're forgetting some of our good friends from the past. No, not. I'm not talking about this guy here. I'm talking about the one before. Right. Okay. That's his buddy. No. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. I'm not. I'm taking the car wrong. I'm taking a couple months off. All right. How's he doing, by the way? He's still gay and crazy. W to Q and hello. I knew. Yes, sir. Hey, oh, everyone. Jordan's out. You asked the beast. Who he was going to vote for president. Oh, wait a minute. I got into the break. Look at this already. One o'clock in five 60 QA. Why? And local. We're sports. We're going to win. We're going to win. To weigh in. One, two hours. Ah, ah. Ah, ah. I'm gonna mentalists. So crazy. With this making. Crazy. Just so much commitment on their conversations The only shower on the special occasions And they blow up everything Ever say to us they have all your money We want so much of that it's not funny Back dead It's tragic There's no way to stop it The car bombs and hijackies These are just a few of their favorite things They fight over land they should ask for it He pleases their deserts I'd world their some real violent freaks Will they wear some people to win please? And we'll say us they have all your money No but so much stuff that it's not funny And the West has destroyed And the guys is destroying us And the money but it's not like they just put money And we'll say us they have all your money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money We want how much money We want so much money We want so much money We want so much money And don't give me a 10% measures From baton, give me a 1% increasedSay Yes Big chunk That phone偏合 Right, yeah, he's not getting it. I can tell already he's still resisting Let me let me try it this way. Oh, God. I'm about it. Okay, see that yeah forget about it Are you certainly one listen to him? Absolutely here was this crap WQM hello WQM hello Yeah, you don't but okay doing surveillance sucks. I'm going to get at a school broadcasting so I become a Diamond a job myself man. In fact, I'm wearing one right now Yeah, I was thinking about that last night. I don't know why I guess it was pretty boring snowed in I know some spots are so bad that they're good. You know I mean right? It's camp And I think you're good friend dick Well, I've never met but he's got a great thing. He's got a race since he ever looked at him cool here I'm not him. He knows this. You know he's in court. Sure I mean this jacket. Jack He's in ready these are the recordings of himself. Well the fact that he's in radio that long I think you know it's a good excuse for why he sounds like that WQM hello is a push every day push push push push push push push push push push push push push push WQM hello QM hello WQM hello Oh This is great. See you get all bent out of shape. Don't you all with these folks these are our friends I know that don't you understand these are our friends and of course if these are our friends We certainly want to see our enemies, but these are our friends. This is how Florida band WQM hello QM WQM hello WQM Ha ha ha ha ha ha There's another one. I love that spot too. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, pretty embarrassing How does my those depots spots used to do for them? Wisturothy's a tabiani or whatever. How I was that was pretty good multi-bending It was built. He was taken multi-bending Why sound like that? 197 votes on a pulse. You need to lighten up a little bit more light is just now you're you're not you're just Josh's he lighten up a little bit or not Yeah, a little bit little bit not enough though not nearly enough If you in fact what the deal is not poorly No, the deal is now you've got to like smoke a big fat one before the show everyone I'm sorry I had a policy against that, but I think that's a good idea. No, I think starting now would be a good time and just you know Easy to what relax nice on the mellow number line Well, I just don't understand you're love affair with somebody I know it has nothing to do with a love affair. It has to do with effect and it doesn't make any difference I know that I don't just relax Relax just just take a big hit of that bomb there and just relax Which reminds me what are all those old Iraqi men smoking there if you see those pictures of the rackies and bagged Ed, yes, the old men sitting around the second looks like something out of Alice in Wonderland. What are they sucking on? I mean what are they smoking on? I don't know Are you interesting to find out how about who caught presumably? I've had a lot of them say something about I poppy. I don't know what you meant by those to be a very strong tobacco from what I hear all the way in the back alleys Got the hashish in there. I'll be there. Oh look at this story. Dispect me West Palm Beach a jury rejected a man's claims that he should be compensated for a sleep disorder Suffolzancy was served the wrong soup and arrest run in West Palm tunnels Johnson 64 sought 55,056 bucks where they come up with a number you'll have to guess from these show these restaurant change I love show these strawberry pie The jury instead awarded him 477 bucks for medical bills he out of the non judge duty. She the kick his ass on I love judge duty. I put it great Johnson of Lake Wortsen he had to have an emergency medical treatment 95 after eating clams Howda when he'd ordered potato soup he said in allergic reaction left him with psychological and sleep disorders He rejected a $1,000 settlement 99. I thought it was a silly silly case Show these attorney Charlie Rice today is today Rice arguing the trial of Johnson's anxiety He might stand for mother experiences including a prison term for sexual activity with the trial under 12 and his public listing is a sexual predator You think that might have a little something to do with it? Maybe he has to do with his neighbor's anxiety the six persons jury decided after the four-day trial The Johnson with 90% negligent reducing shone isher the medical bills to 407 reducing shone isher and When you go to shone you want my out of do? Share sure and throw it up especially if you're cheap like all those old farts in South Florida old Jews old Cubans old French Canadians cheap WQAM hello Hi, I want a new place of votes if I could for For well, I'm not sure she still has the topic running who would I vote for? What's their credit candidate? Would have to be running for me to vote for Bush? Oh, yeah, we're gonna put that on that other pool, yeah Oh, okay, eight of Hitler no, no, it's What how do we ask it What democratic candidate? You're actually now where the money I had I worried I got to hear somewhere just hang on a second pal We're little slow who would be the democratic candidate? Have to be so be kind of hard for it. I'll feel it to be democratic candidate because number one He's not alive in number two. He was an American but other than that. I get your message when they stand, okay? It all federal enjoyed Bush ever seemed together. Oh, I understand Learn a little bit of a little bit harsh when we're trying to like lighten it up a little bit some of you people are resisting now Keep it light like that old guy told me that first week of KAT 20 70 years ago 12 almost 28 years now do you realize March first is 28 years? Big anniversary date come out. You're just put it on the calendar. It's under and do not have any of those can try fake calls Oh, happy anniversary Neil. This is Regis Philbin calling. Yeah. I don't know you that again He drew me out though five 10 20 times. No. I'm just too any out of my fact. I bet you Reverend Jozils on this a card no doubt And maybe you just eat it just two Two hysterical, okay. Oh, it's that Cuban blood again. It is I'm not you are even nice I'm not there. I'm giving him your home address. I'm so metal. I could pass out right now Oh, in fact I just think in fact It's a massive all soup sounds good for lunch. I just did today's the first day and day a day and three days I can really go out and like to a restaurant get to hell out of here and I'm just having a nice full of lots of all soup Come on. Nice big balls for lunch. Hold on at the climate it and then I'll see me at the Kindle town of country about 745 In the old T room. Oh, wait outside Would your ear with it? Well, yeah last time you have the ear to the door. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the only one mortgage from financial group The benefits are incredible zero closing costs zero application fee Zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points get yourself the new low interest rate Adjust 1.25 percent if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mere 334 bucks a month if you have a 200 thousand dollar loan you pay only 60 eight a month and don't forget Once you be finance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group You will never ever pay closing cost again So column today and get all the information there's no obligation call 1 800 9 for Oland get the low rate mortgage You deserve and then moved to that next property without any further cost or expense You pay zero underwriting fees zero dock fees zero closing costs even when you moved to another property Get the new low financing rate of just 1.25 percent with the only one mortgage from financial group I never pay closing cost again. Let me sit again for the tails column full free 1 800 9 for Oland that's 1 800 9 for OLE And the the Renequel housing lender restrictions apply rates are subject to change monthly 4.21 APR This is the car phone call. This is a happy fine that you will pay Don't worry much. Hey, hey, hey Now you ever criminal occurred in our police files Then we have you come to help yourself Look around you all you see are dilated eyes If you're getting stoned into it in your own And yes, you missed their car phone come smoking your life even though you're on Oh God bless you please Mr. Bunkham Ponson and no tour not back to wait Hey Hey, are you going to be by the morning coming down low, but George? What 18 five sixties got the good crap? I'm 11 commissions as it needs more time to complete inquiry, but the Republicans say we don't think so The independent commission investigating the 9 11 tier attacks announced yesterday was seeking an extension of the deadline to complete the investigation until least you lie Raising the prospect of a public fight with a one house in a five-member report delivered in the heat of the presidential campaign The wine house and Republican congressional leaders have said they see no need to extend they can rationally mandate a deadline now said for May 27 I'm an espozeman for a Set to speaker Dennis Hastard said yesterday that Mr. Hastard would oppose any legislation to grant the extension in other words It's not important that we really find out what happened, but that we get it over with before gets too close to the election time and to embarrassing You How much longer should I do this? I don't know oh The commission said to say oh That was apparently the variety amount of time for the door to open up. Oh oh Oh, she often and that's why did that that's why did that What the moth was it moth for the real That's why did that I love it see I could do that anytime and after yesterday I could only probably be that no How could I should have the a backup power for you? Just make beeping sounds with something yeah Commission said too did hadn't received a commitment from the administration for public testimony from permanent White House officials including Condolese the rice The president's national security adviser The panel said it was still negotiation over the possibility of testimony from President Bush and vice president Dick Cheney We are telling the Congress of the president what we needed is to do the best possible job Said the panel's chairman Thomas Kane Republican was former Governor of New Jersey and announcing the panel's decision to seek the extent of at least Two months much work remains and some hard work in finalizing the report But the Republicans say on all don't need any more time get it over with now whatever you got that's it. That's all you're getting So obvious does anybody care? No, no No way Jose 233 votes on a dean Bush poll. It's Bush Bush force that kind of called before you only wishes he had Bush every day You only wish like what's a month will be good in your case 233 the elections today and it's between dean and Bush. What is say? Dean 157 67.3 percent Bush 42 18 percent he's back 18 percent again. You believe it. No I would love to read the one of 25. What I think that's that that's the the percentage That's it. I wouldn't vote for either one of them 25 and I'm not voting period nine So carry it about four or five points better and being so far But we'll do set up. We'll do set up. Let's sex it up a little bit for the governor. WQAM hello Hey, no an uncle Neil. Okay, sir. You hit it on the head before you know you're saying before that you're preaching to the choir, but if we've all sitting we just be apocetic and we sit in with our hands underneath that So that then they're just gonna keep on the way we've all of this crap And you know keep on doing what you do and the people have to get up off their launches They gotta go out. Let me just think that they're gonna do that. Well, well, and then the only thing that gives me hope is that they had those big turnouts And I would know Hampshire record breaking and if people are gonna get out of that kind of freezing whether to do something right Right In Florida we're talking to the wrong people because you know that you got the most apathetic underheads in Florida They got their heads buried in the sand. This is the place where they stole the election if there's any place where people really ought to be pissed off and fired up It should be Florida Or you have to be kidding me. Yeah, she did someday. She was the one that introduced it And at the macro we knew she introduced Bill Clinton. Yes, she did we have a transformation of God. Oh You're a god Well anyway, it's just a matter of people I'm gonna jump on that regular one. I'm a very high floor. I'm gonna jump out the window right now. I'm pretty proud Hang in there, Pally you have a good day and you took out was having a good one till it Oh, she's the great white hope the great Jewish man Randy Wow, is that shocking you or what she's up at that the struck penis gym, you know, so see you're ready him She's really bunched up a little business. He's going places we leave to that bag It's she's doing a man in a court for rush keeping her out. That's indication she'd be on from coast to coast. Does anybody believe that? No, that's what I'm here. You go girl you kick some ass Randy I Still say the one thing. I mean all of this other stuff aside because she's become legendary in a might of 60 old Jews in Palm Beach County But when she called Bob Green basically to stick it up his eyes. That's what I said You go girl. I got some respect. Okay, even your rethrin ever got as much respect But then when I found out that she had a technical or penis that kind of you know start like eroding W. Oh, yes Q. I am Yes, sir All right, well now go up. I want to be a home. Oh, just like you enjoyed all right great Come on, and I'll meet you at the mall meet you the candle town of country about 755 we're worked up to Lynn WQA and hello Mr Rajas see Mr Rajas I'm not Spanish anyway. That's okay. The about two to of course he's okay. It's more than okay In fact, that's preferable There was a news conference with Candlecia beans or rice or water Lisa Yes, yeah, and the you talk about the president Yeah, and it came up that Hollywood and was stealing money, you know from the taxpayers And he said that where the president said if it's proven that Hollywood and stored money from the taxpayers we will make him give it back right I mean I mean when you don't even brand new contract again no good contrast, but then he's a bad That's all you mentality, you know, they don't even know that stealing is a sin or a crime It's like you know We're gonna have to hold up our fine part how about the crime part? You can't part they don't know the name of course to them. It's like a hold up and get Scott all the punishment He has to give the money back. I mean they they are really gangsters Amen. Yes, you said a well-pally. Have a good day. How do you? Oops, sorry. Wasn't Spain What's after one at five sixty WQAM and like I said the American public doesn't give I mean, they do give a crap and immediately just they're distorting the anger that's out there because when you look at the exit pulling from the ham sure last night Man the anger was palpable, you know what that means? I don't either you could feel it you could smell it. Oh god A lot of angry people just eating a whole bunch of Dan chili just just so they could just vent I Hopefully didn't in the shower because like I've always told you that's one of the most enjoyable things in life Oh, and a nice hot steamy shower if you haven't lived oh, god You just want to stay in there forever. You wish that that aroma would live you're for like at least a half an hour. Wow Not least ten minutes And restive Vedic is the way to go and I don't mean that kind of going there. Not does never need that stuff in it And restive Vedic is a truly delicious meal replacement drink that happens to me For people like me would die be these but anybody wants to cut down their sugar intake can drink it and a restive Vedic is sweeten with splined I think the Lord thank you Good which is made from sugar so there's no nasty after taste like you get from aspiratemen Saccharine Randy introduced built Clinton at the macarina. I am just I'm gonna lose my mind Wow, what in the world is going on Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a hurry and Directs dive edict is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life Plus fiber and antioxidants yet its low-insaturated fat and cholesterol Enderous dive edicts also gluten free and lactose free. Oh And eight ounce can provides 237 calories of easy to digest nutrition You try and restive that it once an eye guarantee a I'll bet George is life on an outright Randy's two that you'll never go back to whatever you were drinking before You can pick it up all over town because more and more people are chugging it down Publics Walgreens, Eckards Navarro Sodano's CBS and other local pharmacies too In fact, I make this a so sure you're gonna love it They'd like to give you some to try for yourself that two pack with vanilla and chocolate one of each All you have to do is call toll free and I'll send it to you for free 1 8 6 6 3 6 8 37 39 We can order online at enterrestioabetic.com just click on where it says free samples when you call tell them at Neil sense you for the delicious one Get you some an additional special gift is for mentioning my name call him today toll free and try it You like it one 8 6 6 3 6 8 37 39 It's I'm laughing to me no We're an way too Conclusion The battery, the electricity, the electricity. No, no need to calories, no, you're so mad, but you won't give up that as you know. You won't have it, you know, to hold back on the back. You don't impose the race back to the Vatican, no, don't want that. Penalisten the slaves again, then again. You better lose some weight, and the doerier the moment you know it. And stay your stomach overflows, you'll rig in one shot. You drop another size, you know. And your obesity's gone, and for a lifetime, you better lose weight. And the new year, the moment you know it is best of it overflows. You only get one shot, drop another size, you know. And your obesity's gone, and for a lifetime. See, if you would have told me that Randy was taking care of all of this, we wouldn't have had to waste our time when all this saved the world from the fascist business. We should just re-broadcast excerpts. Right, that would be good. Well, well, well, well, well, well, well. But instead tell me she had everything under control. Damn it. She's got it down. 273 votes, the election's today is Bush against Dean. Who gets your vote? Who cranks your chain? Who screams the loudest? Okay, who's the biggest screamer? Dean 184, 67.3, per cent, carried it five points better. How do you like that? How do you like it? I think this is my opinion, because carries one of these of the caucuses in his primary last night, and they're leaving now he's more electable, which I think they might be right. They're getting a little bit nervous. Oh, there's Dennis Cassinins. Wait, the convention Larry, my plan out. He's been to... How many votes he got? I'm 30, man. Telling it's wherever I can. Oh, that's all he said. He's a hanging on, you know, poured Dennis. I feel so bad for that here, piece. I mean, for him. Dean 184, 67.3, per cent, Bush, 50, 18.3, per cent, same, freepers. I wouldn't vote free to want him. I'm about 30, man. I'm about 10.9%, and I'm not voting period nine. Okay. That's what percent leave him and got in the new Hampshire. Yeah, yeah. That's where Robert Greeper reported this morning. Even though we came in a very tight tie for third there. Oh, 560, 50560, pound 560 on a AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. WCWM Hello. I'm a BOOM, I'm a BOOM, I'm a BOOM. WCWM Hello. He'll Roger, please. Speaking. Nearly boy. Yeah. Listen, about your ratings. Yeah. You know why you went down so much in ratings? Why can that be sir? Why didn't you explain to us? Well, not look, I don't think. Bum, I'm from a true letter. Right. It's just the hatred that gets you. You're following hate me. Yeah. I used to my friend before. Hey, listen to me or he's funny. He makes murder of the whole world. Now it's just hatred. What is that hatred? Right. That's true, buddy. And look, look at your books. Well, let me answer this. The hot of your stuff. How are you still listening, Schmuck? Neil, I come in. How come are you still listening if we're so full of hate? And between all the other shows, commercial by switching around. And I wish you were fun. Because I want to listen to you. No, we're not funny anymore. And you're sorry, kick there. Do I pull you right about the beastleaf? And that guy Greg Reeves. Why do they put him on? He's a loser. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, on the ATD. That was Pete Bolzer doing a voice. It was. You can hear David Ross like Pokemon in the behind. Why don't we like literal? That don't even ring. I don't know. WQM. Hello. Fashion Boy. WQM. Hello. Oh, wait, man. WQM. Oh, uh. QM. Hello. QM. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing? Come on. My God, I'm glad to hear it. If I say he was just being friendly, friendly old guy. WQM. Hello. Yes, sir. I got a joke. You got him straight. Fifteen, who? I got him, why? You got a joke. You're just being tripping about that character that he does on the way. Oh, you mean you? Yeah. WQM. Hello. WQM. Hey. Oh, yeah. I should film around. Don't get what they say. Can you repeat the information about the skills? What they're doing and I think I'm in the news. About the one? You want to know what they're doing? What they're doing. What they're doing and. What they're doing. What they're doing. Why is land jz pennies in my land? 6309 B there will be square, okay? Now watch watch out when that big fat guy comes in. Open up the door and says. Look at the glory hole. Look out for him. He'll steal your lunch dinner and the breakfast. 560560560 on the 18. Well, we need an hour like this. The pressure is great. Don't you understand man? The pressure is great in the granted state. And you're just taking it for granted. Wally says actually the trickle down theory works the way. Really is supposed to do the rich make more money. Drink champagne and piss all of you is what Wally said. You can't say piss on a radio. Okay. So clean up your act. Or report you to the guy. The MFCC and you and the people from the channel. We'll both be going down. You're going down. First of all, I tell you, you are going down Wally to keep that up. 560560560. Pound 560 on the 18. The important stuff starts at two. We get back into the sports stuff. Dolphins this and dolphins that and that and that. I couldn't believe that yesterday morning. I mean, I don't want to pick up my good friend Joe Rose on blockhead because we are getting a lot. We're pretty tight. But when he, when I'm listening to those last couple of minutes there. And dolphin intensive. Hey guess what? Give it up. Guys, we don't want to hear about the goddamn draft. Nobody except a bunch of sick people want to hear about the dolphins in the middle of January. Okay. We're even the end of January. There's only one football game left for months that counts and that was this weekend and that often is a minute. Oh no. And let me also tell you this. Unless you get a real quarterback, which isn't going to happen by pulling some retread smuk from off the street somewhere and it can happen anyway. So forget about it. How about Brian Grease? Brian, get up. Act like a man. Okay. Quit falling down. Like father like son. That's what somebody told me. I can't tell you to tell me that. But somebody is not told. Somebody inside. I'll tell you off the ear. 21 till 2 at 5 60 WQM. It's just one of those things. I just don't want to hear about the freaking dolphins. I know it's a lot more exciting than you know. Squeeze it and squeeze that pig skin. I'll tell you one thing. If you're squeezing for a good night's sleep. Here's the answer for you. Dalamacris, these people are the best. I would call these folks for many, many years now. Not good man. I'm not good at that long but almost. And you ought to be doing the same. Celebrate the New Year in real comfort with a great new mattress and dollar mattress. So you wake up at a morning feeling refreshed. You'll be looking at the mirror and say, man, that was a Mahaya. And you'll probably look at the mirror and say, man, am I miscite? But at any rate, dollar mattress is pound-related. Stewards and Foster. There already strong champions here. Blime of Stewards and Foster is the finest mattress. Made in the entire USA. And now you can sleep on one as soon as tonight. If you make that call real quick, call 1 800 mattress right now. And of course, dollar mattress carries all the other top names too. That you know, when love like tempered pita, king coil, simon, cv, sirdys, I got them all. Choose from dozens and dozens of models at low-on-beatable everyday discount prices. So if you're a schmuck out of those betting and departments door and gear ripped off, if you're smart, you'll call dollar mattress. They're the only ones. We'll let you choose a two-hour delivery window that meets your schedule any day. Seven days a week from 8 a.m. until 10 p.m. So with low prices, same day delivery, free set up and removal. It's easy to see by dollar mattresses rank the best in the universe in customer satisfaction. So if you want to get you a great night's sleep at the old mattresses, how did it just make that one easy call 1 800 mattress. 1 800 mA TTRESRONLINE, its mattress.com. 5 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 son 2 5 15 8 8 8 6 8 8 10 4 7 8 7 7 6 7 10 6 8 7 8 9 7 9 8 8 7 7 7 6 8 8 7 12 8 8 9 7 8 6 6 7 7 8 8 8 9 8 8 8 8 8 4 8 4 8 10 8 9 8 8 8 8 6 3 8 6 9 all 5 10 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 9 4 11 8 7 7 8 7 10 8 7 8 8 7 8 5 8 8 7 8 8 7 7 8 8 10 8 8 8 9 6 8 8 12 8 8 8 9 10 5 9 7 8 8 8 8 8 7 8 9 8 8 7 three 12 8 8 10 8 12 13 8 8 11 13 8 8 9 11 9 9 9 13 8 12 9 8 7 9 8 8 7 6 10 9 7 8 7 7 8 3 10 16 7 7 9 8 8 in 11 7 6 8 10 8 13 7 8 9 8 11 16 8 11 17 14 12 11 13 9 8 17 1 8 14 15 25 25 11 7 It 8 11 You're probably wondering why I played that to them. Just talk about this. If you see business in all these fines and they're trying to come up with more words that you can't say in ban more language and take away more of our freedoms. Here was probably the most pornographic report ever put out by any government anywhere in the world. And they were good one to talk. That's all I can tell you, man. Butch your hypocrites. Butch your F and hypocrites. Few can hypocrites. Can I say if you can? I just did. Here's a bastion that says, dear Mr. Neil Roger show. Which is an interesting way to start. Right. Like Mr. Rogers. Right. I'm an active fisherman and voter. Did you see the bill that was passed for the helping of South Florida Bay Area signs? As a matter of fact, Sebastian, the answer is no I did not. No. Governor Bush has passed the bill that the city will spend $350 million in noticle signs for the South Florida Bayes. Now I continue that there's nothing wrong with the current article signs and the voting traffic is in no way a problem. Even on its busiest day Sunday, you can be in and out of the bay less than five minutes with no interference. $360 million. $60 million. Question marks every exclamation point. Sounds like you have his vatter worse than his brother. Between the two they are sucking our country dry. They're sucking our town of country dry. The problem is that we Americans like getting bed over and drilled by Bush. Just thought you'd like to know. Thanks a lot, you're back to more to bed. It's like all the pork in his budget. They passed a couple of days ago and you're going all the websites. Oh my god, all these millions of millions of dollars of pork and designs by doing anything about it. Oh no, because they're all a bunch of crooks. See, I'm going to tell you right now, I want to get too political because my good friend is taking care of all of that. But see, I've turned it for a long time that Democrats are a bunch of emotional cripples their weaklings, which is why so many people like Dean and still a lot of them do because he didn't pull any punches. He just opened up a mouth and butt in. They're all out, sometimes a little bit or too much. But they're too polite. See, that's another reason I love Michael Moore. He doesn't give a crap. He's not polite. Too polite when people are dying for no reason at all based on lies. Why aren't the impeachment proceedings going on right now? And now, of course, that this con over there in England, with Tony Blair that they've covered that all up real nicely. They're going to say, oh, you see, we didn't section up at all. We had the goods. We know what was going on. No, they didn't. Nobody knows that they sexed it up, especially Prince Charles. He was sexed in a upward aboys. The one Iowa, the case of Clyde Lamar pasted tooth, backs up the orphanage and connection between Potts, moky and memory loss. See, that's another reason you ought to be smoking a big fat one in the morning before the show starts. Oh, I was by the time we started taking calls, then you forget all the void. Like, kind of like Sheridan on passions, when she forgot who the least was for a couple minutes. Maybe that's why you forget all the voices. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. Where's the baseball bat Josh? So you just, you just need shot therapy. That's what you need. You need the measly corporate shot therapy that we'll, I, I, I, I thought by now you would at least have made so much progress. You have to not care as much as they don't care. Okay. Don't you understand, Greg doesn't care. The measlies don't care. They care about, look up on a wall there. What does that sign say? Just give us the if you can money, right? That's it. Only here once in the conversation. That's only one scorely person. I'm here in, who's that? Yamama. I'm going to give you a give you her number. All right. I think I think I've got her number. I actually have her number. I think I'll call her number. I think I'll call her number. Pace 18 was, he was pacing and passing through a security check for it. At Polk County Court, that's not in Florida. That's in Iowa. Last week when it came time to empty his pockets. Pace who was heading to hearing on prior drug and traffic charges. Apparently, forgot the small bag of marriage, we need his pocket. Oh no. Along with items like pocket change and keys, Pace apparently tossed a bag into a plastic tray at the security checkpoint, much of the surprise of court employees who said, oh, where'd you get that? Can we have some? Perhaps realizing it was caught, pot-handed, Pace allegedly took off and ran the length of the court building, which is always a really good idea, before ending up cornered by deputies at the lock revolving door. Pace was arrested and charged with drug possession and resisting arrest. His initial appearance on the charges said for January something rather in Polk County Court. He also spaces a February teen trial on the original charges. He was sent to appear for it and was allegedly caught with a pocket full of pot. A pocket full of pot. How much? I like that. There's a bit for both of Brian. A pocket full of pot. Right? Why not? I think everybody should have a pocket full of pot. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the 18. I mean, the thing about the steroids. Yeah. Here is the president of the United States, making his state of the Union address where at war with Iraq, even though he says it's over. Right, war in there. A Taliban are still running around loosening Afghanistan. We may have to wrap it up there again, so it looks like. We have all of these yellow and orange alerts that everybody's pissing their pants because they're afraid we're going to get another terrorist attack. And he is taught. And of course, we're running up deficit so massive that they'll be paying for him for how many more hundred years? 530, man. For 300,000, which sounds like thousands of years to me. And what's he talking about? Steroids and about how we have to clean up the sports world. And we have to be better role models to the young people in the Audi Audi I. Right. Better role models than other AKA, like a big fat liar like he is. And all of his piezons all of his partners in crime. So anyway, how's kind of lazy doing? She's on the tanker. I hear she takes up a chevron. This is what I'm hearing. 150 at 560, 10 before 2. See, I think about that. And I start getting angry myself. You're right. You're right. I'm good one to talk. I start to see that's what I got to do. You got to block it out. How about some electro shock therapy sounds good? Oh, right. Let's do it. We'll do it like a group. Roof electro shock. We'll hold hands and create a circuit. You'd like to hold hands with Sheridan. I'll guarantee you that. Sheridan. And Hank, I'd like to hold hands with Hank. Not that Hank. Not that Hank. I'm talking about it. I'm passionate about. 150. How about alligator rooms? You want to hold hands with him? No thanks. Maybe you can hold hands with him and during your next lunch, you'll pick your pocket. When he buys your lunch. That's the idea. Hold it. Hold it. He's hands out of your wallet. Man, I'm going to pee on his grave. Well, what can I tell you? Hey, listen. Don't forget, no hockey season next year. He's probably going to be working there in some capacity. Janneter? Oh, man. That sounds good. If I could tell you, you just took it. What's the Janneter's name, Jerry? Here? Yeah. Rick. Rick the Janneter. We got some bad news for you. Well, Rick, remember they both start with an R.I. Okay. All right. We're going to do something. By the way, Denise Potpand shot off already. Okay. You're an impediment to mind your own amount of game. You make me sick. Denise, you're an idiot. Come frog. Hey, if you're on any of those low carb diets like the Atkins or the Skatkins or the Sugar Buster, these South Beach diet. Oh, right. The other ones, which everybody in their brother knows just desperate for. Here's a story that you're going to love. Delights a much bulk of because it gives you so much variety. I've told you this for years now that everybody can go into a supermarket and get all the meat you want, all the cheese you want, all the eggs you want. But, if you want variety, something with some taste to keep you on a straight and narrow path and stay good with your low carb diet, this story's got over a thousand low carb products in stock, just for you. Including breads and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips, brownies for all you brownie hounds, chocolate, ice cream, pasta and sauces, ketchup, cheese cakes and more. And they offer the water solution. They're open every day, seven days away from 10 to 10. And you can always try anything Mr. before you buy it. They got a friendly, knowledgeable staff that was dieting inside and out. And they have the complete line of Atkins products around sale today. Next, Proham and Everyday. So if you're on one of those low carb diets, no matter which one it is, you'll fall in love with this derailleur in Tia, bed Georgia's life on it again. In fact, I've had Grage Life on it too. Delights a West Booker, they're on the other end. In fact, we'll throw the whole beastly's in and Bob Vermouth to top it all off. Delights a West Book on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market. Call them toll free, 1-877 low carb that's with a WLOWCRB. Or on a web at lowcarb.com. Don't forget there's only one dealights a West Booker's official Atkins retail center and man is he's gonna do it in 2-0 or 1. 2-0, 1-877 low carb. We are sports video 5-677 low. 2-0, 1-877 low carb. And a lollipop little boy. For watching extraordinary music and music. Just a visionary CB or anything else, Jr. shares two periods per day. I know him too. Mmm. Oh, make it genuine. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm.äv Took me to go. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. There. Mmm. There. Mmm. Oh, right. 158 at 560WC, I'm the man dog is sitting by. Now what are I here most say this morning about Tom Brady's got a great ass. Did you hear that? No, I don't like it. I can't really. Yeah, right before he started talking about that picture for the Indians, who's, you know, made the poor movie, but he's not gay. Right. And he said something about man, oh man, would you like to be in the locker when Tom Brady? Because he's got a great ass. I couldn't buy that. Correct. Wow. Maybe he's coming around or just coming out. Anyway, Mad Dog's coming up next to a crazy bout Howard, but he's got to work with him. So he just lifts his lip. What's he going to say? Hank is on a four who despises mole a hundred times more than I could if I tried. You know what I mean? Well, I was shocked by that. 321 votes on his second poll. Now if you tune in late, shame on you, number. See we learned a lot here today. Number one, I'm an angry bitter man. Number two, the beastly's never should have hired George Busy's a smuck. Right. All of these things. All of these things. We're taking on the same amount of money today. If we wouldn't have found out those things, but thank you so much for enlightening us. Okay. We feel better. It's important to us to know that. 533 votes on the Kerry Bush deal. Kerry got 72.7% Bush 18. Wouldn't vote for either one five or one percent amount of money period 3.9% of the first 5002 votes on the Dean Bush. So far we got 321 which move put that under a noon. And it'll stay on your little tomorrow. Between 2019, 68.2%, Bush 57, 17.7%, I wouldn't vote for either one of them 34, 10.5% and I'm not voting period 11 and usually in that case it's probably just as well 3.4% out of 321. So you see the difference? No. The vast difference? I know that is. No, Dean, I'm carried it about what for for it's better so far. Four and a half points. And that's because they're not quite so worried about the John Kerry yet. And I have it on his wife, talk quite as much as they've seen Dr. Dean's wife. And quite frankly, Miesky would be an understanding if there ever was. Bye bye. Gang rape is fun.