add video fly India I go with day one, and then all you can eat breakfast. Oh, more than just a lot of food. Oh, I love a choice, dude. Bacon pancakes and eggs, anyway, I want them. Oh, and sausages, those little sausages that look like dog<|de|>th. Yeah, the ones that always come stuck together. What is that? And I don't want a warm-ended or a heat-lambut some fast poop place. I want a warm-ended or a heat-lambut lemme. Tell me how I want it. I want bacon, really fatty and leams the one you pick it up. You should have drooped off your finger. And eggs with the yolk broken so they're hot and they're rotten. And I want it served by a fat, solid wachers with a mustache. So I haven't excuse the stiffer. Hey, Brian, do me fetch now! And I don't want to stay in line. I want to wait in line to get seated for a really long time. They do that at Denny, Lenny. America, there's a new, all you can eat. Grand slam breakfast venue. At Lenny's. It's everything you already expect from Lenny's. Just a lot more of it. At room temperature. You turned 101560WQM happy Friday too. What a great day. This is going to be. Can't you feel it? Can't you smell it? It is great. It is. It's especially good Friday. Anyway, here is the reason I played the Lenny's Denny's, which I had forgotten how a cute that is. It's pretty good. Yeah. Especially the part about the sausages that look like a dog turds. Anyway, that's going to be our poll today. And that's a good thing we stumbled on that yesterday. What does that say to the back to you? What inspired me for that? Something yesterday. Something about amplification. Yeah. What we talking about with amplification. I worked there for a little bit. No, but that came after for some reason came into the conversation. Whatever. I must have been a story about somebody who like spit in a super, something anyway. But that couldn't have been an apple beast. No. So that's going to be our poll. What is the worst sit down? No drive through restaurant chain in America. See, I had to put no drive through in there. Right. Because otherwise they'll say, oh, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, we think it's taking shape. We're not talking about fast food. We've done those polls a million times. We've never done this one. The sit down chains. A sit down joint. And we've got a list so far. Denny's, Chile's, ample bees, Perkins pancake house, eye hop and the melting pot. And the question isn't how many sit down chains can you name? No, sure. Name a sit down chain. No, it's name 10. Okay. Now, first here's yesterday's poll. America's best radio talk show host, non-thforth. We're talking about non-thforth. Northforth people. The old Rogers, now I was hovered over 61% all along, but then about a half hour before the show started. The Randy and Phil people. Are you sure? Got into a, a hissy fit there on the poll. I'm going to show you. So here's the final. 235 votes not too shabby. The O'Rages, 1234, 1234, 60.6% and I'm a best radio talk show host in the universe. Thank you so much. And I would argue with that. Howard Stern, 259. Remember that? Oh, let me just also tell you this. Those numbers that came out yesterday. See if Clarence and Dufferily were on a ball. They would have told us this. But the February 26 was the day that clear channel the young Howard Stern off the year in South Florida. Okay. So it's starting to show they're already in this particular last trend because it went to like the first Wednesday and March. So it's got a week of that in there. I'm going to tell you, WBG, big ain't so big no-mo. You know what I mean? Wow. They're already starting to do the vanishing act just. And that's just with one week out of the 12 weeks of the survey period with no more Howard. So I'm thinking to myself, boy, oh boy, just waiting. I think it's April 28th. What kind of year did you write it on there? 28th is the full book or 29th? No. It's fine. That's when the whole week, wait, wait, 30 minutes. When a book has come on in. Twenty-nine. Twenty-nine. Twenty-nine. And anyway, then you're going to start seeing some, it's going to be amazing. Anyway, Howard Stern 259, Randy Rhodes, 127. Wow. Who are Ralph Nader hung up on yesterday? Phil, Henry, 124. Are you sure? So Randy, B.N. Phil. Are you sure? Are you sure? Where's Limbo? 53. Aren't you surprised you only got 53? That's amazing to me. I'm sure somebody other good options for them to vote for. Like Scott from Rall Ant 38. And then I'm going to tell you who must be really fantastic. I'm going to have to start listening. In fact, today at noon, I'll have to alert you to last couple hours so I can listen online. Al Franken. He's only done two shows he's already got 34 votes as the best talk show host in America. Wow, he must be spectacular. I haven't even heard him yet and he's my favorite already. Right. In fact, I haven't heard him and I think he's going to be the best in the world. Art Bell 29. Michael Savage 25, Bill Orale 24. His radio show still won't show up in the market at all. Sean Henning 19, Todd the Schmidt-Mister 19, who's a like Rush Jr. Don I'm a 17, which is pretty good for a dead man. Alice Rantell 11 is what she's got. Dr. Laura's got eight. G Gordon Litty 7, Tom Don't like his five and Ali North's got a pair. Now where'd he go? What happened? Oh Gordon Litty got up to seven. G. What's her insum extra rats for lunch? So we got Jerry Hallowell and I said it George before to show she looks like an old bag to be honest with him. I realized she's only let's see, 28 and fours third. She's only 31 and a half. Right. Now she's got one of those faces. But those British women and I've seen many, many, many way too many of those videos of hers because in Europe, of course, they're just obsessed with any of those British performers and especially the spicy girls. She was born in Watchford, her offer her in England. And let's the spice girls May 30, May what? $1. $1.98 but anyway, there she is. She's got every week she was for a while. She's coming out with a new record. Gerald Dean is still Hallowell born August 7, 1972. This is a really crappy study for really a bio. But anyway, you don't need one more about that except you got three pictures for the price of one. And I'm shocked that we aren't even already getting the, um, not happening. Where we can't, where we get overload on the computer. I just don't care about her that much. You think? Well, here's the bad. Well, they should have started with us because we tried to give a to body count every day since the media hiding it pretty good. U.S. soldier and marine killed in whistleblower the White House wants to silence speaks to the independent. A former translator for the FBI with top-secret security clearance issues provided information to the panel investigating the 11 September attacks, which proves that senior officials knew of al-Qaeda's plans to attack the U.S. with aircraft months before it happened. She said the claim by national security adviser Condoleezza Rice that there was no such information was and outrageous lie. Civil Edmund said she spent more than three hours in a closed session with the commission's investigators, providing information that was circulating within the FBI in the spring and summer of 2001, suggesting that an attack using aircraft was just months away and that the terrorist were in place. The Bush administration in Waw has sought the silence her when it's obtained a gag order from a court by setting the rarely used state-secret's privilege. She told the independent yesterday, I gave the commission details of specific investigation files, the specific dates, specific target information, specific managers and charging the investigation. I gave them everything so that they could go back and follow up. This is not here, say, these are things that are documented. These things can be established very easily. She ended there with general information about the time frame and about methods to be used, but not specifically about how they would be used and about people being in place and who was ordering these sorts of terror attacks. There were other cities that were mentioned major cities with skyscrapers. The accusations from Mrs. Edmund's 338 Turkish American who speaks Azerbaijani, Farcei, Turkish and English will reignite the controversy over the administration door to warnings about al-Qaeda. The issue of what the administration knew and when is sent to the investigation by the 911 commission, Mrs. Edmund's 33 says she gave revins to the commission in a specially constructed secure room at its offices in Washington, 11th of February. She was hired as a translator for the FBI's Washington Field Office September 13, 2001, just two days after the al-Qaeda attacks her job was to translate documents and recordings from the FBI wire tabs. She said it was clear that there was sufficient information during the spring and summer of 2001 to indicate that terrorists were planning an attack. Most of what I told the commission at 90% of it related to the investigations that I was involved in are just from working in the department. She said 200 translator side by side you get to see and hear a lot about the things as well. President Bush said they had no specific information about 911 and then his accurate, but only because he said 911 she said there was, however, general information about the use of airplanes and then the attack was just months away. To try to refute Mr. Clark's accusations, Ms. Rice said the administration did take steps to counter al-Qaeda, but in an opinion piece the Washington Post on March 22, Ms. Rice wrote, despite what some of the suggested we received no intelligence that terrorists were preparing to attack the homeland using airplanes' missiles, though some analysts speculated that terrorists might hijack planes to try and free US-held terrorists. Ms. Edmund says by using the word we, Ms. Rice told in outrageous lie. She said Rice says we not I, that would include all people from the FBI, the CIA, the DIA, the Defense Intelligence Agency, and she says that's impossible. It is impossible at this stage to verify Ms. Edmund's claims, however, some senior US senators testified to her quid ability in 2002, which she went public with separate allegations, relating to alleged incompetence and corruption within the FBI's translation department. How do you like that? Kind of Lisa. Big, big effort, liar is what I would say. 3400. We got 3400 bucks that's week, because in 18 evidence that's mine for stop at CC.us and 100s yours. Little pike or like George puts in 100, and that's really a bit. So that's 19. That means we got 1500s from the whole audience so far. Week. Don't you think I realize it's only one day and you know me, I'm highly impatient. I have no patience whatsoever. None. But, yeah, but if you want to help us get that ad there when US said it, they make this petitioned, where I really meaningful and it says and get that million signatures, we can do it, but we need some cash. You can donate two bucks. You can donate up to a thousand. Anything in between. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35. He's gone. Stop, FCC.us. It's right there at the top, one of the top banners. Don't give confused now with stop FCC.com, which is what we're helping to put the ad in, okay? Are they confused? Maybe they are. Speaking of grand standing, and I'm starting to get a little bit tired of the whole stern mice deruting you know. See, because like I keep telling you, this is, this issue is not just about him. And he could really be helping Scott with this thing if he wanted to, but I don't get the feeling that he is other than putting that little link on there, which just gets lost in the middle of all the other ones. Yes, it was an April Fool's Day, joke following yet another letter yesterday from Kansas Senator Sam Brown back to Viacom COO Mill Carmesan. The Howard Stern Show signed on a sign on yesterday morning with announcement from K-Rock General Manager Tom Kusano. Ladies and gentlemen, I think you all know me. This is Tom Kusano, and I have to unfortunately be the following announcement due to the recent actions by the US government of the FCC. The Howard Stern Show is now no longer on our air. Neither infinity broadcasting or our parent company or women to put our licenses or our stockholders trust in jeopardy, Viacom can no longer bear the weight of the government pressures and its effect on our corporation. Please continue to listen to this station and other affiliates as we appreciate your loyalty and understand your needs while we're sorry to end the Howard Stern Show. We promised quality programming in the future. In place of the Stern Show, until about 720 yesterday morning, we're crossing Lopez, K-Rock, O-M, operations manager Robert Cross and K-Rock DJ Danny, a field good show that was the antithesis of Stern and his crew promising fun without the film, sounds like Mow. That's a good clean family fun and playing tunes from the likes of Beyonce and John Mayer. The Stern returned to the airways at 720 to a course of parts no less. Let me say it again, Duffin Stern returned to the airways yesterday to a course of parts no less. The joke was revealed. He spent the next 40 minutes talking with college about how the prank could be reality soon. If anything this demonstrates what's going on, what's going to happen here said Stern. So, it was an April Fool's prank which I'm like you said yesterday. I'm hopeful love some stupid crap. That's kind of childish. Bro, yeah, exactly. By 1013 at 560, so let's get the cash going stop FCC.us, okay. Let's get going on that today. No excuses. All these people said, oh well, you can start and give us the way to help you out. We'll be more in the, okay, get on there right now. Today. What do we got 30? What? 3400? 3400. 3400. 1800. That's mine. 100 is yours. So that means 1500 from all these Indians of people we have in our gigantic humongous audience out there, radio land. Let's get on it, okay. Put your money where your mouth is. And of course, this is going to be all of it. Test, you want it a while. Why? Why? Because I've done it on other stations. But this is the first time on QM that we've ever asked people to donate for a cause without giving them something in return. You know, because all the other, the charity things we did. Here's the CDs. Here's the Mohour David or the Mad Dog Keychain. You know, you know, I'm talking about. Absolutely. Here they're not getting anything in return. And it's not taxed, Dr. Belether. So it's just a question whether people care enough about the first amendment of free speech to make a statement to have their voice heard and help support a cause. Or maybe they don't. We'll see. And whatever we do get, you know, we certainly got enough now to get us started. Well, we'll put an add of the size of whatever it can raise, you know, over the next few weeks. Got it? Hey, listen to this right now, because this is very important. Pompital Park has announced that there'll be racing all year long from now on. All right. I bet your fat witch is dancing a cause of that ski right now. Now, that's news to pay attention to, but even more important than that is coming up this Monday, April 5th is the last free spaghetti night for the season at Pompital Park, on his track in poker. That's right. The last free spaghetti night is Monday, free rolls in butter, free salad or free heaping plate of pasta with marinara sauce, and it's all free. All you have to do is buy a Pompital Park program for this month, April 5th, and you're free spaghetti dinner coupon, good only this Monday. Located just to have mouth for both I and I, 95, the turnpuckets easy to get to Pompital Park, investable. The track gives you free admission and free general parking today and every day. Live harness racing in the poker room over every Monday, Wednesday, Friday, like tonight and Saturday, poker gets out of the way at noon goes on till midnight, and the live racing gets underway night be at 705. You guys see how the old tacos you'd die right there in a poker room, which really is exciting. They'll give you a tour. Pompital Park also opened every day, seven days and nights a week for the final casting, the best and harness through a brand-highway action from all across North America for you to watch and plunge your guts on. Pompital Park, a black-south Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road for the current racing schedule, just give them a call, 9-5-4, 9-7-2-2000, or go on a web at pompitalpark.com. Don't forget the last freeze to get the dinner of the season. Coming up this Monday, April 5, don't miss it. 5, and the local, this is 5-60. 3-0, your soul. PUE, you. Hey, it's Howard. How it's famed. 5-60, W-2-A-M would like to thank all of you for making up 5-60, W-Q-A-M online options. A huge sucker. It's a huge success. It doesn't matter how it is, but it's higher. Many men, so-shill that if I, in a pre-club cracker, would portrays line-up of items for the W-Q-A-M online options. Hey, what am I doing? Never mind that. Oh! I mean, I got it back to the janitor, bro. Okay. What do we got? Well, this is nice. Are you used Kleenex? The water griffed by Duff Lindsey. Oh, that's special. Yeah, and it's been appraised by our staff of specialists at $700. What else we got there? At this year, it's going clean and soft. Oh, yeah. Next item of forbidden by a waste. From the univite of Miami, I should only autographed by Donna Shalla Lalla. Bitting stops at $20,000. When it can be eaten with this. All right. Oh, look at this. It's so disgusting, I'm so sad. Oh, yeah. And it comes on a beautiful, silvery, flattly. That's a cool idea. Who? Handmade wallet from Cape Feedless Briss. Look at that. When you're rubbed it, it turns into a suitcase. But the rest of this stuff is there. A better way, sir. But a highest big main today, if we're throwing in a left-hand, by the giga-colors. I got the night in giga-air. What's this, Ian? Oh, this is a half used in the bottle of Miami, two-pague-lu. Now there's a resort price on this particular item. Yes, so. Thanks once again for helping 5-60. W-Q-A-M. Rise to the needs of your community by enriching ourselves. 10-25-60. W-Q-M all the scams all the time. Tucker's got a great suggestion for the pull. This is outstanding. How could I forget? The olive garden. Oh, yeah. Such big time. It always has a line outside. Must be the vanilla ice cream crowd. Nice going Tucker or fabulous choice. The olive garden. It's a tight finish. Just on the encouragement of others. I've ordered it. Remember that time of that I would do when they brought in food after I've been ripping and then we're going to be going to show us the lettuce was so wilted and brown man. In fact, it looked like I don't want to sit. It was a nasty place where rendus was grotesque. I can't sit. Oh, I can say this though. Romanian priest are campaigning across that Vulcan country to convince believers not to watch a popular reality TV show that's broadcast live sex. Oh, Romanian media said on Thursday. What? Huh? I didn't hear that. The Romanian version. The Romanian version of Big Brother where a group of young people lit together in a house with live cameras was heavily fine by the kefus media watch. So I last month for broadcasting images of two housemates having sex. Oh, my God. Several Christian denominations issued a rare joint statement condemning the show is tomorrow, and urging viewers to switch the channel. This program is a very bad taste and unhappy experiment on humans which morally destroys our youth. Said he statement from the Romanian Orthodox Patriarchates website. Big Brother offers a false system of values, which this is a big brother. Which free insurance in a full quality of truth becomes lie and right couldn't view the art minimized. I said in Romania. Somebody go to the home and you don't tell Michael Powell. Oh, here's another one. Have this looks like Rich Pack is bringing to me. Yes. Why is he chronic or what? Yes. He says, what a Charlie Christian John Kennedy Jr. having common. I'm gagging a little bit. I just dragged some of soda went down a wrong tube. Anyway, what a Charlie Christian John Kennedy Jr. having common. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. No, it took five times to pass the bar both of them. Cute. I got one rich. Poor change. Okay, let's get this list going. Maybe five, six, seven, five, six because they got a whole pile of stuff here man. I got piles like you wouldn't believe. Denys is in the lead. I do like those mother hump or piezo. And somebody tells us that they don't have those anymore. They just continue to be mother hump or pie. I'm not sure. What is the worst sit down restaurant, Chan and America had no drive through. That's the deal. And we're not talking about in the past. You said sandbows. There's no more sandbows. I think that was a racial sign. That was a yolk. 47 votes. Denys has 24 of them. They want to have nine. Applebee's five. Chilly's four. Melting pot three. Perkins pancake house has got a pair. Why why would they say that? I don't know. I like Perkins pancake house. There's one in Tampa, I believe, on the El Mibry. A Tampa has got a better restaurant than Miami four loaded. Why is that? I don't know. I don't know. I mean, you think that the Yahoo's over there that crystal will be good enough for them. They do have crystal. What? What are you laughing about? You ever had crystal? Yeah. No, I'm not talking about your wife. That's, we touched on it yesterday. One time too many. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. They got that Donna Tello's over there. They got burn steak house. Right? Right? And we got Ruth Chris, which, I mean, it's so long since I've been to burns. I can't really tell you which are like better as burns Ruth Chris. I can't tell. It varies. WQA, MLO. Good morning, Neil. How are you? Yes, sir. I got one for your poll. I don't know if it's just technically qualified. But the route helps. Check this out. The Rasko House. Is it Chene? Well, there are two of them around. That's 12, five. There are two or three. Where are the other two? There's one in Boko. Oh, they're really wrestling. Narsan Boko? Oh, there's a Rasko House in Boko, sure. Oh, my gosh. Oh, I had it. I didn't even work. Okay, I will get it on there. If there's more than one, that's good enough for me. I hate the Rasko House. But all of the policies to the Hebrew Hammond. I can't. And that places for our variants. Even close to the other. A Brion. The Rasko House, I like that. That's a good choice. 560, 560. There. But you gotta be a thousand of these. Don't you think? How about some of them in the little steakhouse chains? Like Ponderosa? From the little weight. I don't want to start my game. Because we'll wait and give these people. Oh, I got just too much stuff here, you know? Too much stuff. WQA. I got too much stuff here, you know? Too much stuff. WQA. I got too much stuff. 2AM. You got too much stuff. Yes, sir. I've also a particularly cafe. What kept here? Is that a, yeah, I guess it is a chain in it. Ah, are you telling me? Uh huh. Like I said, we'll put it down anyway, even though it's him. That butthole. Okay, we say butthole. I just did. I'm not paying any attention, then anymore. I'm not asking any more questions. I know the ones that we can't say. And I'm not saying, well, can we say this? No, I'm just, I'm just doing the show. I'm tired of nervous nellies. Oh, really? You know, hyperventilating. Let them go get some professional help as my suggestion to those people. Okay? We had a nice solid 73 in men in last month, where a nice 20 yesterday. And we're moving on up. And as soon as that, no speaking in place, oldy moldy stuff wears off. As soon as the glory of that. And as soon as you uh, uh, spicks out their wake up and join the apperade become American. Then it would be really nice, you know. Still listening to a hoochie hoochie crap. See, even our friend called yesterday, he never really told us any of the artists that their plan I said, are they playing CD crews? No. Well, who are they? But they didn't tell us. I said, Luis Miguel? No. And you know, I'm not really a loser now, But I read it when I was alive. I would need to do the demo. And with it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's back what a Bill Tanner. Mark Foley and Charlie Chris. Huh? Haven't come in. I think that's our pull question today. I'm serious. I mean, Bill Tanner's right in there. Killing us with his advocacy for those no speaking in place. They've she's got arrested in first. See, I saw that whole deal. I see a conflict of interest. Oh yeah, he's the consultant for QAM which is an English language station in South Florida. It's a real rarity these days if he acts me and he's also consult for a whole chain of Spanish language radio stations And he's always running to arbitron. Oh, we'll see you to Spanish stations. You're getting under a sample. Yeah, right WVQM line nine. Hello That was sensational No, he's starting to call. Oh, that was a beautiful thing 567. Oh five 60 man. WQM Not there on line eight WQM. Hey Neil how are you pretty good George? Are you doing me? Pitchy. Hey, I got a question about your phone numbers. You only give up the 567 number the area code Is it matter or is it wherever you're at? Data Broward. Okay, it does work because I've tried nine five four and never get in there and they're in the comments real five I didn't listen to Randy yesterday, but the first day of our final Howard she had on Ralph Mader. Yeah, he hung up on her. I got the story here a little later on Yeah, but not until after she ripped them Right I'm telling on the basic radio never crash as good and before the guy right, so I mean she put up she put up a hell of a fight Yeah, well she made she made Katrina Katrina Katrina Vandenhuvall from the nation. Okay, she made her Columns. She got a nice mention there in fact. I'll get to it eventually if I can find her my pile here. I'll get to it. Oh, here She's the only one that really knows radio for you know what it is Yeah, radio the other people are all actors comedians or whatnot She's done it's going to take a little while just to leave all of that the Palm Beach just cemetery Will it crowd behind her we're just get on to what do what it is that she's done I think she worked that but she really got hot Wayne the You go girl all right Lots a lot palmy Randy the goddess. She's doing it. Okay, so we wish you're nothing but the best in a course. So you know George has just got a personal grudge. She talked about what I think it had to do with anima Maria Then he's 34 the worst sit down chain in America no drive through Then he's 34 I'll see people will say well you can sit down in McDonald's here, but they got a drive through us See that's why I put that in her because it differentiates Then he's 34 I hop 11 I hop right out of that place in fact I did spots for them on the time on her great dress I'm sorry I did him apple these 10 all of me garden seven all right We just put it on her the all of a garden. So we've got seven all thank heaven Chilly's and God six I like Chilly's pretty good It's so for what it is they got good soup right. I mean I was gonna fancy fancy. But it's so chicken fingers for kids pancake house five shame on you melting pot five Pick it up the cafeteria one and the rascal house don't have any yet You're supposed to be a five six My uncle Tony joined my wife and kids at the all of three restaurant now my uncle Tony He's an Italian cuisine connoisseur if it ain't perfect. He's not half three I couldn't believe when he said the chicken parmesan was the best it ever tasted plus he kept Raven about the free breadsticks and all the salad you could eat my uncle Tony recommends You come down to the all of three because when you're here your family and by that I mean, you know in the family like last night this couple was done eating right now We're walking out my uncle says what you're going and they say we're heading out to see a movie and Tony says Ha, ah not though you head down to the four ace club and put a hit on a f*** Cobo Maroni and these people freaked out right they started laughing because it didn't realize my uncle was serious And they want you to be all of three you're in the family, right? So Tony stands up and he says what's so funny do I am news you and my son kind of clown or something? Then he takes a steak knife right? He starts sticking this guy and he's sticking him and sticking him right? Well anyway the meal was f*** great the all the free restaurant when you're here your family For a good bleep center. Thank God. Oh, that was a bad bleep That one was bad. I don't know. I thought it was very good I thought it was excellent. I'm the bleep judge by the way. I thought it was fine Did the bleep be able to find it a little bit just calm down somebody says pizza hut. Yeah. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Somebody says waffle house. I don't think I've ever read into waffle. I was at least not an 80 million years Whatever it's like a some more eat on the road like shonies Yeah, and what about shonies you want to put shonies on there? We could we could now who was saying shonies as terrible did you say that? It wasn't me it was somebody else in here this morning. Oh, God. I'm a hero Josh dear Well what is taste is oh? I don't want to tell you where his taste is we can't I think you got a pretty good a well be said back to him something at any rate Shonies waffle house pizza. There's some good ones the worst Pizza you're right is just all over was really good back on day-to-day But that's because these to make special stuff for us What days to buy it somewhere else? Probably it's the pickup. I certainly didn't get it. Oh, and I got another good one for you. Wait a minute sit down restaurant Domino's don't have no sit down restaurant. Just delivery driver correct. Oh, damn it Anyway after sin set it petition opposing in decency legislation The union yesterday set a close to nearly 1500 letters and signatures. It's collective expressing opposition to Senate's broadcast You can see enforcement act which would among other things increase defines the FCC can impose against artists Other non- FCC licenses after assistant national executive director and public policy and strategic planning Rebecca Ryan what a title Rebecca Ryan says this initial response overwhelming for such a short period of time Confirms that serious concerns exist among performers about finding individuals for corporate decisions She continues the focus ought to be in how media consolidation creates fewer choices for the public and fewer outlets for diverse programming It is clear that a half a million dollar fine will result in chilling effect on artistic freedom and she is absolutely Exactly Rebecca So they had 1500 letters and signatures which they collected in the short time Scott there on that stop FCC dot com He's got 144,000 plus signatures Which he's managed to collect with quite frankly very very little organized help which is pretty sad But that's why we're trying to raise that money on stop FCC dot US So we can take out a national aid in USA today and may use of people all over the country will see it Who are not in favor of children of speech or not in favor of censorship or not in favor of Schmidt Kennedy First amendment and the freedom of speech and we're gonna be pissed off enough to sign a petition. We hope right? We hope In fact this might inspire you a little bit along the same lines So pop residue become a potential target in the FCC crackdown on broadcast and decency Oh my god, according to a key official said the programs might be too steamy for daytime TV Michael J. cops the FCC commissioner is led the agencies campaign against adult oriented radio programs told reporters yesterday that the FCC should review what is so poppers violate the agencies and decency provisions according to TV Week industry trade publication Mr. cops One of the two Democrats on the five member FCC panel said he stubbed across a racie soap opera scene while channel surfing recently It was pretty steamy stuff for the middle be afternoon Mr. cops said Under FCC rules over the RTV media stations cannot broadcast material evolving sexual and excritory functions between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. and when children might tune in The FCC does not regulate content that there's on cable and satellite television yet Mr. cops made his remarks after an NAB summit on responsible programming the day-long meeting was to close was close to the press All the Mr. cops on the several FCC officials are attended met with reporters up afterward Mr. cops could not be reached yesterday because he was traveling the commissioners are marked Do not necessarily mean you'll seek an investigation into soap operas or daytime TV in general FCC chairman Michael Powell to climb comment what he's asked at the summit about Mr. cops remarks Representatives for other FCC commissioners and ABC CBS NBC all was here soap operas didn't return phone calls or to climb comment Legislation that would dramatically raise fines against broadcasters is moving through con with soap operas have largely escaped public criticism all of the programs have started to show more skin in recent years Oh right CBS representatives have denied published reports that the recent firing of guiding light producer John Convoy was linked to new sensitivities About in decency Mr. Convoy was dismissed in February about a week after the show air to see in which a character pulled down her boyfriend's underpants revealing his bare bottom rectum You might have sex featured on daytime serial is usually blown out of proportion According to Lynne Lehy and editor of director of soap operas just and soap oper weekly the industry's leading publications Most viewers watch the programs because they're interested in stories about romance and family relationships She said the bottom line is these shows her about romance not sex. It's always been that way And it's always gonna be that way. How do you like that? The nine-day time drama's drawing you how many people? I give up how many million About 30 million viewers a week, but ratings have fallen steadily the past two decades is more women the traditional audience for soap operas have entered the workforce and of course a lot of them are also watching a jury Springer and a watch in Jenny Jones and a watch in what's your name at the spick one? Christina Christina no speaking place Christina And things like that already string Montel et cetera Oh, here's one from Bill and four a lot of day for our list for the poll. How could you figure it the sizzler? Right, I don't I don't know if I write that I guess I probably still around they why not anymore They're gone. Yeah, I thought they were gone. Okay, so don't put it on if the sizzlers got maybe bills a little bit behind the time Okay, maybe just don't know and get the right meat. I mean if you want all you can eat shrimp. It was great. I need anyone See Then he's 48 the worst sit down restaurant in America Not drive through restaurant chain now. It's got to be a chain not when we were we're We're review next then he's 48 apple b's 18 I have 16 the oligoreins zooming up there with 15 it blows Trilly's 10 melting pot eight pickinily cafeteria six what about speaking the cafeteria is his Morrison still in business? I reckon I don't this got a bit It's got to be Morrison boy, well you got to bring your own teeth in a glass I'm a chair. Let's put Morrison's on her. I'm sure it's still in business got to be or is that the same as pickinily cafeteria They buy them out or something. I don't know put it on there. I think Morrison's is still around 24 levitted five sixty WM the mad doggy two Joseph Gackie at four exactly Marlins on deck at six fifty five we got preseason baseball Marlins at the medicine for saying loosely at the seven ten tonight Eddie K after the baseball Way I Slerking and they don't come any better than meal rock starting this week on five sixty WQA It's my free sport hold Starring Greg Reed has Uncle Greg. Oh Howard David Guilby builders leaves and gay carlo Princess They're teaming me Uncle Greg and I have a big day tonight all right both of you cut that out I want all you kids out of my kid Your mom would you give me a haircut short Yeah, I'm delivering this fifty million dollar check to mark rocky Rackity cold is help put us out of business. He was out of business that don't make sense Well life gets boring and you're all never mind. I know what I'm doing now cut my hair okay boy And what's that noise? Well that's a goody and drowning in a bowl of soup. Will candy swim? I let him die alone What's this sticking out the side of my head that you're eating? I could cut that off to if you're like. Yeah, that's it. You'll cut that out whatever you say out That's Green sport hold only on five Sixty WQA Your community might enforce or how you're I'm gonna tell you how stupid they are if they had any brains at all You know how she think you can get vodka Brian like to do a little part of that morning deal You know what I'm saying Doing a MO voice in a guilty voice and throwing an occasional a guest appearance by Greg Reed AK AJ Benny and it would get it get a 30 share. I'm telling you right now. That would but anyway They're showing on CNN the Amishar vacationing in Sarisota Are they which I'm really shocked because they showed them at the beach and there's all those nearly naked people running around around them I think they probably have to like um, I don't know I cover up their eyes Maybe well the youngsters are allowed to you know cut loose They are yeah, they are they they want the Amishar not because I got that book now The Amish will only want sincere Amish joining up so when you're a youngster a teenager and a young adult you're allowed to Do what run out there and do whatever you want not watch TV No, you can go out in a radio certainly not watch they want do anything you want and if you're if you want to come back at that point They will you know you swear the over it's like a test run and you're up there if you're up to their standards And you know back and live on a farm right, but they want to grow life with no like no electric no radio no TV You know motor cars not a single luxury right no like electric razors things like that no Bush counsel called 9-11 panelists before Clark testified this is very disturbing are at 80 million stories here And I will drop them in because this is important crap even a lot of people don't care but then again President Bush's top lawyer placed a telephone call to the least one of the Republican members of 9-11 commission when the panel was gathered in Washington, March 24th The testimony of Dick Clark according to people with direct knowledge of the calls to the Washington Post White House counsel Alberto Gonzalez called commissioner Fred Fielding one of the five Republican members of the body according to one of the server Also called Republican Commission Chamber member Jim Thompson who's just obnoxious Representative Henry wax and a waxman the American Democrat on the House government reform committee Wrote against how Liz yesterday asking to confirm and describe the conversations waxman said it would be unusual of such as part-a contact occurred during the hearing He didn't let anything would be illegal and such phone calls, but suggested that such contacts would be improper because the conduct of the White House is one of the key issues being investigated by the commission White House spokesman won't able to get a response from Gonzalez. How do you like that? Then at that I just mentioned that in passing but the good news is condolize our favorite Our favorite get to Lion bitch is gonna testify on April 8 ready for that that sounds like next Thursday to me Responding to heavy political oppression both Republicans and Democrats the White House made an abrupt about face on Tuesday agreeing to allow rise to testify publicly and under oath After insisting she only speaking the panel proud of it because it was a political nightmare for them They said okay, whatever you say it looks bad Right, I mean talk about transparent and obvious No, no, he thinks it's a good idea Oh, man. Oh, you're you love this story This is from the Guardian UK see if you want to read good news and meaningful news most American newspapers appear crap, okay? He's good propaganda Oh, and that thing about the pictures I got a story on that later round, but I didn't talk about that yesterday All this argument about well, but they want to show those graphic images of the dead soldiers in the way that they trash their body Well of course we want to see those pictures because that's the same thing and happen in Vietnam The American public needs to know this isn't some kind of a cakewalk in a park and they're not being handed flowers in candy That that American kids are being butchered over there every day So this business of a well, we're just in sensitive to put those pictures on the front page They ought to be forced to look at those pictures every American so they understand what this is all about all this butcherly that's going on over there Insanity oh Speaking of that during one of the very lengthy breaks we have the thing I got a grab that Richard Clark book. I must forgot because I got just a couple of pages of that I want to read to oh good yeah Anyway, the Israeli government is written to the BBC accusing its Middle East correspondent or La Gheoran of anti-Semitism and total identification with the goals and methods of the Palestinian terror group Sovery report on a 16-year-old would be suicide bomber last week Nathan Sharansky is real's minister for a diaspora affairs complaint that Gheoran had portrayed the army's Handling of the arrest of Hassam Abdul who was captured with explosives grabbed to his head and Scynical manipulation of a Palestinian the youngster for propaganda purposes He said this reveal a deep-seated bias against Israel The BBC said it was looking into the complaint the first body is really government's enslaved last year when it looked at a boycott of the corporation of the Corporation imposed in protest at a documentary on the Jewish states web of domestic destruction But the letter comes as several foreign news organizations Complaint of increasing government pressure to curtail critical coverage or to report stories is Rehabilize help identify the Palestinian conflict with global Islamist terrorism Officials have presented editors with dossiers on individual reporters and single out organizations such as sky news for allegedly having an anti-Israel agenda I could read the whole thing but I'm not gonna do by just want to get to that one part Last month the Israeli foreign minister silvan shalom pulled out of an interview on skies Sunday with Anna Bolton after the show refused to cancel an appearance by the Palestinian representative in London CNN sources say the network is about a considerable pressure on its editors is really officials Both they now have only to call the number at the networks headquarters in Atlanta that's CNN to pull any story They do not like I should probably read that our paragraph again yet. I didn't understand that it was an English CNN sources say the network is by the considerable pressure on its editors is really officials Most that all they have to do is call the number at the networks headquarters in Atlanta to pull any story. They do not like Oh, I just mention that in passing I think you're not getting a real news of course 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT oh speaking a Randy. I gotta read this one now Katrina van Nguval in the nation which is she's great Conservatives for NATO are not a large group Ralph Nader continues to fantasize that his candidacy will succeed in peeling as many Republican Independent votes away from Bush as progressive votes from Kerry but As comic John Stuart quips Conservatives for NATO not a large group about the same sizes we targeted death row Texans for Bush The problem is as Micah Siffre writes in his smart weblog all the poll show Nader drawing anywhere between three and seven percent of the vote Would the internal skewing heavily to the left? Sure some people of Ophoranator what otherwise not a voted for all at all But it's clear that most of the Nader's support whether he tops his 2000 showing of 2.7 percent or not Will come from many who would otherwise vote for John Kerry This does not take your Nader in a front page story yesterday's New York Times and in a live honor appearance on the brand new liberal radio network Error America he seemed to relish tweaking friends and former allies He even hung up the phone in the live honor interview with one of Error America's hottest radio host Randy Rhodes Who with challenging him about why he felt the need to campaign in swing states among other key issues the click came after the two engaged Neighbor discussion about progressive values in political strategy and this election beyond That's gone Randy. I told you she was gonna be great if there's a Palm Beach a Yentos will leave her alone So anyway Katrina says let's hope Nader has a more productive dialogue with democratic presidential nominee John Kerry When they meet sometime this month in a meeting before requested by Nader as for my position. I knew it He has that on our website the previous one open letter get lost Ralph. Okay, go away Would that big fat ego yours and make us sick So I'd you like that. There's a nice you know Randy was complaining and she's not getting any Recognition there you go girl You go girl Katrina van and who will know less than the editor of the nation Give's the nice plug there. Okay, and she got Nader so what see nobody told us the other day They told us that she grilled them real good. Nobody told us that he got so flustered that he hung up on her Nice car Randy and the anima Maria still says no 343 by the way, and what is it 3483 3483 3483 3483 83 bucks for stop FCC that you was well scripted along there Our goal today is to get what to five thousand by the end of the show What I beg your pardon okay Like I said our goal today is to get to four thousand by the end of the show to listen 100 that money in there is yours in mind Okay, see when I think time I get behind a cause I put my money where my mouth is And I make a few bucks, but I got 1800 bucks in there already So you have a big mouth so you have to you know match it with you And I'm gonna say again with a little peep pot like you I don't think we can say piss pot anymore People are peep pot like you can put a hundred bucks in there who's got two kids in a white to support and a dog Right several mistresses right And still and and I didn't I want the honest know this I didn't expect you to put anything This just came out of a nobody. Yes, they were we're discussing that you're okay Trying to get this thing going so we can get it functional and all these people are just itch and to help us out with his cause supposedly And you're just an all put in a hundred and I know what it's important It's hugely important, but it realizes that well, not that it's only freedom of speech It's only our ability to show us only everybody's ability to stay on a year It's only the ability of people out there to still watch what shows they want to see on cable and satellite and on TV and the over to radio, etc And read what books they want to read this is just the beginning and you'll notice how fast they're moving And it's like a gigantic snowball rolling downhill without freedom of speech We won't be able to complain when they stuff us into box cars Shut up So anyway George put in his hundreds so we go about 34 something let's get to 4,000 by the end of the show today Okay a thousand a keeps the old pain in the ass of cadre away. Okay keep me off your ass Right because our goal is to get to about 30 grand. Now, maybe that's totally unrealistic we've never done this before on this station I did it on I and Z no problem at all. We raised I don't know what it was I don't know how many grand, but we you know We can record it ran into like a year Why we can get to 30 grand this time next year. Oh not any Year we don't have a year to jittle around with us. Okay. I might deadline would have to be like at the end of May Like around the first of June because after very shortly after the first of June everybody takes off But a kids and they've vanished for the summertime So by the first of June at the very latest I'd like to see that at an air in USA today and get this thing going stop FCC dot US And with seemed to me since we got thousands of people to sign a petition from Florida from South Florida Stop FCC dot com that if each one of those people would donate like even just the two butts We'd have a lot more than we could put a half page full page ad in there We can get five million signatures there just slap them signatures up to their armpits But we'll see we'll see if these people are gonna put their money with them off is and you know the three-dollar and a five-dollar donations They're fine a and up, but we're the people out there with a hundred and the 200 and the 500 where those people are They're out there we're right nonya Talk is cheap man everybody talks to go to the mall. We're just waiting. We're gonna help you out. Okay, go for it WQA hello not there WQN hello Pretty good You were talking about Maris's before yeah Was that it yeah And unfortunately I can't vote until later on and I will be voting for Denny But The bit my religion is better than your religion yes we can't sure we'll write it to top of the hour just in honor of you 56070560 that's in code when we start talking to me. This we're talking code. Oh my god I don't think you're sure not he just sounded Jewish to me. What now you know what the sticks read by the way happy pay saw and happy Easter And happy as Wednesday that we already had as Wednesday right everyone's day We had no asswinds. They was when the movie came out by the way Mel Gibson boy you talk about the suckers board every minute All that the loony about his faith and about his fanatical Catholicism and about his Nazi father. Oh man Talk about the whole world gets sucked in he's running the bank with $150 million hey now Lona sturdy grand okay for the end But the lord even loves neo Rogers Poor Ori Ulce I really can send a good joy on a really good journey. I really can spend a minute of yours. I can't even get it! Super hopper us, who because we slaughtered, they didn't drop in ghost, my religion's better than yours. I really can spend a minute of yours. I really can spend a minute of yours. We will be in these empty towns, never ever pay me jail. I really can spend a jail. I really can spend a minute of yours. We now endorse a father, you like former brush to spew our view of private religions better than yours. But you really can spend a minute of yours. My religion's better than yours. We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to marry lots of wives, my religion's better than yours. But you really can spend a minute of yours. I really can spend a minute of yours. Are you sure? We don't want to use our things, we're mindless when things are great, I really can spend a minute of yours. Look at that, Denny's is off to the races, baby. What is the worst sit down restaurant in America with no drive through? Denny's 68, Applebee's 29, Oliver Garden's 25, I'm telling you Oliver Garden might eventually give her one for their money. They're moving up fast. I hop on it, 22, Chile's 14, Melty Pajue, Valfa Lostwell, Picadola Cafeteria 10, Chonis 10, Pizza Hut 9, Morrison's 8, I think there must be still some of Morrison's is Red Lobster 5, and Rascal Oves 3, I have a 233 votes. Mike says the Red Lobster is mob, mostly with African-Americans ordering. See him. And the place sucks is Mike, I know I worked there, he used to work there at the Red Lobster. See, Josh knows that Applebee sucks because he used to work there. That means you get to eat there when you work there or not. Yeah, I got to eat, you know, I didn't take advantage too much, but in other words, who would want to is what you're really trying to say, he's trying to be diplomatic. Basically, how long did you work there? About six months? Uh huh, that was enough. Yeah. Applebee's blows, it's in a nice second place spot in our, and now, what somebody says, what about Fudrockers or Salvatorees? I don't know what Salvatorees is. No, he is. Now, Fudrockers, do they have a draft here or not? Because there's one right there in a corner of sunrise and university or Pinellum, which is a rule that I've seen, and they don't. Yeah, I don't think they do. No, Fudrockers counts. And again, the only problem I have, I like their food, they promise they butter the bun. Unless you tell them, don't put it to the bun. And when they butter the bun, you have, I say, I can't make those sounds anymore, but, what was that? It was just a little, a little, a little guru. I'm sorry, you know, when you get to be the soul, you start making rattling and guruing sounds. So that's all that was. Anyway, Fudrockers, we can put that on there. Although, I don't know, you don't like to fool there if you ever eat in it. But you're talking to me. Anybody, you job, I think it's good. I think it's fine. Yeah, I think the food's pretty good. And what I like is that they have, like the melted cheese that you can glob on. You need to get your burger and you wait, you wait, that's the only thing I don't like is you have to wait. They cook at the order, which is okay, but you wait. And then you have like the fixings thing there. And you put all that they have like the melted cheddar cheese. And they have like a, you know, sweet pickle, relish, I mean, a really good green. And all that's all these things, yeah. All of these things. Ah, sorry, I don't know how we're putting it on there, but somebody will hold for it just to be a jerk, you know, just to show it there. Ask to the water. Bomb found on Spanish realign. In Madrid. An explosive device has been found along a high-speed railway serving Madrid in Sevilla. The bomb contained 10 to 12 kilograms that 22 to 24 pounds of dynam are connected to a detonator by 131 meter cable. That's 130 feet for those who are into the, not into the metric cramp. Trains on line were halted today after railway employed discovered a suspicious package along with track to the town of Villa Saca, de La Sagra. Well, I like the way that sounds Villa Saca de La Sagra. Intellito Province, Southamad Rade, spokesman for the civil gardenational headquarters of Madrid, Tulcia, and are we going to get a list of the other songs that they're playing on WCMQFM, so we can compete. So the artists that they're playing. No seriously, I mean, that call we had yesterday from our good Pizon, I mean, that was humorous, but as usual, but it didn't really give us any information. I realize it's just a flash and it's sooner or later, even a Julio's will calm down and say, how we heard that song 85 times already, just like magic with tired of it, you know, after they hear build me a buttercup and espioniel the first 4000 times. I mean, I don't know what they could be playing. I said, are they playing as she did cruise? No, are they playing the least Miguel? No, are they playing either playing like a bunch of Julio the greasy as records? No, guys. No, we'll find out. Somebody must know. Unless, of course, they just made that all up about sincune if nobody's really, really listening to him at all. WDQN, hello. Nobody online, WQN, hello. About crackerbell, I'm a throwman. Crackerbell, I'll never eat there. That will give me the instant Hershey's. Okay, thanks. Oh, don't say that. Oh, I mean, when he said, crackerbell, he said Hershey's probably. I bring you a friend, crackerbell's fine. Is it? He's a cracker that don't like the crackerbell. Okay, that's his taste. You think it's fine. I've seen it in various malls and stuff. I mean, I didn't even realize the crackerbell had like a sit down thing. Isn't that just like a mall? It's a mall shop with a restaurant or a restaurant with a gift shop. Oh, I got a good one. What's that? Stookees. Okay. Yeah. They don't have any drive through. Are they still around? Sure. They are on the highway. Well, there you go. See, he said something about Hershey highway. And you're talking about just then you general I-95. Where does he want to find the highway? Right. Stookees, STUC, K-E-Y-S, man. I love that peanut friddle though. The only problem is if you go in your buy a box, it might have been sitting there for a month. But the peanut 20 years? No. I mean, they put the brittle in peanut brittle. It's fossilized. So if you want your tea just to like crumble in the first bite, that's always a good place to do it. Stookees. Hmm, I have any near and, oh, I don't know how many years. About 30 minutes. Long time. And hopefully never will again. W-Q-A-M, hello. Hi, and you, I have won for your poll. Yes, sir? The golden crown. Never heard of it. Oh, it's a chain of about three or four restaurants. The food was cold, over-priced, and wine was waiting to get in. It was unbelievable. That figures if the food sucks and over-priced, and that's a lot of weight in the get-in, you better. Okay, I'll see you all out. I'll see you at the olive oil garden. See you at Mohawk. Hey, Mohawk's racing right now. Let's get some racist stuff on it. We're as frankly, we need him the most, you know what? Huh? I think a little possum back there in a second. They let the crop was clear to the lead. And then they blew right on by and the stretch is metropolis. Started to get very, very tired on the front end. And Maryel makes it. Maryel, by our John down in the stretch. I think they kicked him out of Puppano Park years ago. I do recall. But anyway, let's talk some harness racing. No, no. Ha-ha-ha-ha. Oh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. I told you it was going to be a great day today. There's just something I don't know what it is. The ratings came out yesterday. It's stationed in pretty darn good. We're making a nice comeback now after they couldn't find our audience for a couple of months. And even the moment, we'll give him his, uh, do, you know? Absolutely didn't do spectacular, but I think he and Joe did pretty decent, right? Right? Not that I'm trying to suck up to the moment because he makes me want to vomit. But nevertheless, I mean, look, we all eat out of the same trough. If you catch my girl. WQA in, hello. Good morning. Good morning, is this? Uh, Norma can't need to be you tonight. The media leave not soon, okay? My Zan. Because El America without the prestigious deal Rogers is a choke man. Absolutely. I agree with that. Well, and you're not in the data. You want to know the best part of the whole deal is they're saying that they don't want to just do the boring, like, liberal talk, like, what, Maria Cuomo was on. They want people with personality and people with humor. I mean, I can't think of anybody more appropriate than yours truly to be on. It would be a little bit of a wit even if it's a half deal. Pretty push of that. They could rub together and let home that work. Can we even say that? No. It's your boy. I have a pleasant day, Tony. No, back to you. By the way, Norma just got a little hospital. He spent three days in hospital with some kind of a coronary thing. And they had like open up his tubes, etc. But he's okay. But I guess he emailed me that the other day. I guess looking for sympathy or the fact that Randy's under now and I'm not. And again, I, you know, you can say all you want that I'm jealous. I would like to be on here. I don't the grudge or anything. But nevertheless, you know, she's probably got the better connections that I got. I got normal. What she's got. See what I'm saying? I said. No. I think she dumped his ass a long time. I think that was the beginning of her, her role to success was dumping that gym. Oh, my God. Hi. This is Jim. Love you. Show me. Love you. Love you. See, she almost the real her own career before it got really off the tracks. Because she got hooked up with that clown. And that's all she ever talked about. Oh, my Jimmy. He's so wonderful. He said to me, this is my Jimmy. And he just kept coming around the station and hanging around. I didn't do anything there. But that was a bad bad mistake and believe me, the management hated him like, and I was one of the reasons that Bob Green and others there, and I would be really turned on her because, oh, my Jimmy, you know, when you try to push somebody who doesn't work their down or throw, you know? Yeah, like poker Brian. What was that mean? Are you saying that they hate poker Brian in the QA? I'm as they were going to say. It's a poker Brian. It's advisable to know that because he caused a money. It makes fun of them. And he makes fun of that. Well, you know, something that everything he says is true. Oh, let's see, Bobby Robino's or if not Tony Romas. Well, I had lunch at Tony Romas in Berlin. How do you like that? Right that down on your wrist. I had a Tony, it was pretty good. Tony Romas in Berlin. I couldn't believe when I saw it. It was sitting right there. It was a big, beautiful new, a place. Tony Romas. And they had like American menus in American everything. And Berlin, no less. I'm going to show those crowds of finger too. Bobby Robino's and it says, are they still open? I know he died. Now, are they still open? Is still in business? I guess. I would think so. I'm pretty sure they might be. Why would they not be in business? So Bobby Robino's, they don't have a drive through Tony Romas again. That's the distance. But as a drive through, that makes it a fast food joint. And we've done the fast food polls. Millions. And we're tired of those fast food polls. Man, even I'm tired of that. You know, because we know McDonald's sucks. They just had a piece on CNN here a little bit ago about McDonald's coming up with these gourmet sandwiches. Oh, god. That's going to be a real winner. Gourmet sandwiches. I'm going to go and get some delicious gourmet food in McDonald's. Yeah. I'm going to go on and get a fully cheese steak at McDonald's. Yeah. And like this guy, I beg your pardon. You call names again? Talk about Denise Poppand again. French dip. He's the original French dip. That's what I hear. I can't tell you. Tell me that. Whether without the old you. But the panthers lost again last night. They're playing some pretty exciting games lately. But then they always wind up losing them. That's a problem because other teams are highly motivated. And the panthers are going to wind up about 14 to 16 points out of a playoffs spot. So unlike what Geldey is trying to pedal a prop again to there. It has been not a successful season. It's been very, very disappointing. And if not for the unbelievable play of Bobby Longo, they wouldn't have won like 15 games this season. So I mean, they can thank him. They ought to be kissing his ass. Everybody on that team, including the organization. They better sign him up for the rest of his life. So what do we got here? We got Denny 77. Got a Denny's real close by my house. Have I ever been there? No. I can't imagine under any circumstances going in there anymore. I mean, I've been in a Denny's many times in my life as I'm sure you have. But here's the circumstance. You and your buddies are out. You're all really trashed and hungry and it's four in the morning. Right. You go in for breakfast or at grand slam. Right. Right. That's why you go to Denny's. I see. Well, I don't get drunk. Can I not drive around or for a morning with my buddies? So what can I tell him? Denny 77. Applebee's at the fact that I'm out that time. I'm getting an emptying out my classmate bag at four in the morning. Denny 77. Applebee's 35. The Olive Garden 35. Payless in your laugh and man. I know. George has been calling me the old man for how many years. I'm about 30 years. And now I finally have reached the point where you're right. I'll give up. I give in. I no longer resented. I'm a old man. I'm a old man. All right. Just called me old man. I'm sure he does. Punk. Denny 77. Applebee's 35. Olive Garden 35. The I have 29. Waffle House 20. Pizza Hut 15. Show me 15. I like this bull by the way. I love it. Pick it all the cafeteria 14. Show me 13. I like their strawberry pie. But see, somebody's places when you have been in them for years and years. I mean, Show me his big boy in Detroit was very, very big. Oliver Michigan, especially in Detroit. Show me his big boy. And that what they did is still called a big boy. There was a live brothers big boy and show me his big boy. And I just see his show me his show. Show me his show. I've seen a big boy. Let's see. Pick it all the cafeteria 14. Melty Pop 13. The Red Lobster 9. I hear it. I haven't been in one of those in many, many years. I've been there in many, many, many years. We got him here. There's a lot of interest in Toronto. But no thanks. Forces cafeteria. I know they're still around nine. Perkins pancake house eight. The Raskal house has got five. Sorry. He grew hammer. Golden Caral Three. Thought Rockers too. Be very careful about you say that. Stookees, which is spelled very, very incorrectly there. How do you, how do you spell it? I thought that's how you told TU CK. EY. Yeah, it's got a Y in it. I mean you're close, but you left out the. Why? Cracker barrel. Bobby Rubino's in Tony Rummage. They don't have any, but they will out of the first year of in 12. My life and love. This is force where you'll find safety. You're the one who ain't. Are you best, dude? Red Hester. Hey there, rodent lovers. March is all you can eat. Weasel month that red hamster. Red hamster, funerado. With three tasty new rodent flatters. There's deep fried field mice. Peel and eat muskrab. And of course our world famous. Andster melds. And again, making double cheese. Please, please, and hold the hair. And our flatters are always fresh. Not like those other rodent places. Because we keep them in another wheel. Right up until they hit the fan. Try our tasty roadside pizza. Fresh from the highway to your table in minutes. It's good. And don't forget dessert. Come eat, hamster. I'm joking. Yeah, another one. I'm a mole. Red hamster. For the golden rubber. Red hamster. On Main Street across from turbo king. 11 17 that 5 60. Now I know where Mo got that piece. Piece of what? Crap. Some look at the ratings again. Just briefly. I don't want to get in that because it gets the audience just glazed over. Comotos. But I see Mr. Egon. Now this is another reason that we didn't put him on the. On the police. Did he for best talk show host. Steve King. First of all, if you had to buy your way on the air. That's probably not a really good sign in terms of our competing being a real talk show host. And number two of the 35 stations that are listed in the Miami Hollywood 4-Law of the day I'll market by Arbitron 35 are listed 12 plus ratings. In other words, the whole audience. I give them the benefit of the doubt because that includes even people over the Year of 100, which is probably most of what little audience he's got. Out of 35 audience, stations listed where you think he came in. 35. Yes. Good guess. I think I told you before. Just tell me what your problem. Down from a 0.3 in the November December January ratings to December January from a 0.3 out of 0.2 average quarter hours of 1600 people listening to the Eagle Meister. So I don't consider him to be like a real talk show. Quite frankly, it never has been. Even when he was on real radio, so instead of at one book when I first went to IOD, and he was getting the slap over and he afternoon. And actually listen to the same contract controversy over and over again. And that was the end of that. And anyway, to New York for about what? How many days? Not third man. And the history tells the tale of that. So just another pretender is what he is. Let's see, Ethan says, how about Fridays or Benagans? I'm not sure which one I hate worse. Do there's a Friday's out there by me now? In fact, I don't know. Friday's that thought was pretty good, wasn't it? Or not? There's fine. We'll stick them both on there. Yeah. We'll put them on there. And Benagans, I always like Benagans. You don't think? No, I like Benagans just fine also. Where do we have a Benagans? In short, sticks or something there. They're all over the place. They got an encandled over here and now. Like howlendale has a Benagans? Oh, really? Yeah. And howlendale, one of the guy like an extra soft food menu they can like come. Never blunder at every table. All right. Yeah, that's a good idea. Just blend the food. Then we can just drink it down. I'll have a Philly Chiaty steak. Be sure and put it in the blend. The first I'll just drink it. Yeah. That's on David. Keri can't challenge his voice to debates. Saying it's time to raise the level of dialogue. Senator John Kerry's presidential campaign called, Ron President Bush's reelection campaign yesterday to create a six debates in key Battleground states. And what they said so far? Oh, good guess. Democrats in Pennsylvania Arizona, Washington, Ohio, Missouri and Florida. Plan to hold press conferences over the next several days to highlight the importance of a substantive discussion on issues affecting all Americans. National Security, Homeland Security, Veterans Issues, education, Environment, Energy, policies, the economy, health care, equal opportunity for all. Last month, Keri called the year for issue oriented debates. But the Bush campaign hasn't responded. The Keri campaign statement said, Bush campaign spokesman Taylor Griffin told CNN yesterday. I wonder if he or she is related to Borgriffin? Of the Bowen Joe show. Tull CNN yesterday, the Bush Chany campaign was very vigorous debate at the appropriate time. A vigorous debate, but John Kerry should finish the debate with himself first being on both sides of each issue. Cute. Kerry has repeatedly rejected charges of changing his mind on issues. So, Kerry wants six debates with Bush and the Bush people are saying, We look forward to a meaningful debate, which sounded like a singular to me. It would be wrong, but that's what it sounded like to me. So anyway, yes, even though we're not set up the 10,000 dollars already, That's always. We're getting closer because I just got a check even though we're not set up to receive them. I'm going to send it to Eric personally. Right. Someone just came in and gave us a check for $500 for the co-host. Who did that? Greg. Greg. Thanks a lot. He's always been my favorite. Haven't I always said to you, but there's not a great read. I guess Bush principle or man. Greg. Ladies and gentlemen, I hear his a guy. And you wanted to know why I really commend him on this. I can't. I'm emotional. I might just sit here and cry. You want to know why? Why? You could see he understands that this is our business. This is the life we have chosen. And he said so when he was writing out the check. Right. I mean, this is something that everybody in a business ought to really care about, Which is why it kind of pains me that my colleagues and his radio station who are obsessed with their ball games, which, you know, they got plenty of time to talk ball games and about, you know, JP Ler and Missy are fairly good. Whatever that quarterbacks name is and how Wayne is a call and up. Moll and Rip and Manass. But in the meantime, you know, where do we stop this? I mean, they just open up the flood gate to the censorship. And it's like, there are there on some kind of a drunken trip now. They just gone nuts. His exact quote. Yes, let's stop these guys. All right. Nice going Greg. You know something there is probably the best GM in the history of radio. Greg read. Hope for the future. Believe me. Oh, I'm Tony. He's finally. And I'll tell you one other thing. I noticed that is that these clowns appreciate the fact that at least on this show we're trying to make an effort to like, you know, I'll put as opposed to some other people in the building. Whoa, whoa, cheer. I don't want to say that anything about muffin clearance because they're, you know, they're operating within their limited mental capacity. You follow what I'm saying with mental and emotional capacity. I think in parents's case underline the mental part and in dusk case, the emotional parts. You know what I'm saying? There are some bricks missing in both cases. And of course in grades case. Well, that's another story. Haha. Thanks a lot, Greg. You're the best, baby. See, see what a great relationship he and I have my long business. As long as we don't see each other or talk to each other. It's a great. It's a great. So 500 bucks more from Greg read. That's a beautiful thing. Now, how's Erica going to be able to do that? I'm mailing it ahead, you know, Greg make good. Have a good couple. Intercourse with Eric to make sure we know how we're going to do this. No, I'm just going to mail Eric the track ahead. It's written out to his company there. Oh, good. Well, then he can help figure out away. Eric's pretty shady. All those internet people pretty shady. So let's start totaling out then. I put, oh, that is that can us up to four grand right there. What's, uh, what are he has? 3738. I assume plus this 4238. So like, you see, you laugh when I said I want to get to five. Thought you always want to be the underwrapped cheever. Why do you want to do that? I'll just be. I strive for greatness. You strive for mediocrity. And that's just because you work at Q. I am. Don't strive for mediocrity anymore. Stry for greatness. This summer when you do your fill in the summer. Don't strive for like the good numbers. He had the last couple of us. Or the last summer anyway. Forget the other one. Uh, strive for greatness. Do a 10 share. Okay. I'll do a 10 share. Do a 12. I'm the striper greatness man. Although you won't be able to talk about eating. But nevertheless, no, maybe right lottery. I'll come on as a guest. I got a new religion on pitch. What is that? Assism. See, there we go. Again, once surprised me. Maddie Bell is running on the line. Right cancel that check. Great. You want to just say he said, ask again. Maddie Bell, your big number one fan. Of course you have so many in it building. Oh, I know. I love. And of course, even though he just gave you that $500 check, one thing, even the audience. No, great. But that's beside the point. I'm decided to determine a true drug reggares because he lied to me. Anyway, that was, that's an episode. It's water. We're going to bridge it. It's another mode deal. He was already said that he's out of control and just can't help himself. He's just a major S. Wait, wait and say, ask wife. Are you sure? All right. Yeah. Don't ask. Just tell. Okay. Don't start asking anymore questions. I won't ask. He's a major S. Oh, oh, see how you fall into this into a bucket of. So thanks again, Greg. That's just made my day. So we got 4200. We'll get 5000 by the end of the day. We got 2.5 hours to go yet. Damn it. WQAM. Hello. Pretty good. Lift me up. I have a hundred bucks this morning. And I'm going to actually get some shirts made right now. Trying to spread the message. I just wanted to just double check off the top of my head. The website is definitely stopfccus.com. Stopfcc. Is it? Yes. Stopfccus. Stop. The dot is after the FCC. Stopfcc.us. Stopfcc. Stopfcc. Stopfcc. Stopfcc. Stopfcc. Stopfcc.com. How is it? How is confusing? But we had to set up a server one for us to be able to get the money in. That's OK. Just get you people on the site. And we're going to do this. And we're going to just have a nice little shirt. You know, Ashcroft is a Nazi. And then we're going to have the website underneath. Outstanding. And we're going to do this one part of the time. I've already made up some other shirts and some messages. And today I just got nauseated. But some guy wearing a push change. You got the push shirt. And I just have to go throw up and let you know that I'm trying. Excellent. Great job, pal. Thanks a million. See you. How do you like that? See we got some people out there to care. I mean, if even George and Greg Reed can come through for us, all the rest of you Pikers out there. That's Pikers with a pee by the way. Don't start with that juice stuff. That's right. Especially so close to the pace off. By the way, do you ever have still a Montza? No, it's always been for us. Don't. Don't ever have still Montza. Oh. That whole pace off thing. I don't know what I'm going to do about that. I guess I'm going to have to go get some Montza ball soup. Make me feel real Jewish for a pace off. Or you could just let it pass over. I could let it pass over. And of course, one of my all time. Which I played at the other day. But then only at this time of the year does it really have the impact that I love. There's lady in time. Oh, she's another darks June. And she needs to my bread that is unleaven. Oh. Oh. And she's buying bread at 7. He's living. Oh. And the bread is unleaven. Oh. And the bread is unleaven. Oh. And the bread is unleaven. Oh. And the bread is unleaven. Oh. It's my life. And more. This is for 25 years. You. Oh, Mr. Reed. There's a gentleman in the very techs of you. What a format here. Once the sea. Yo. It must be our friend from the RNC. Send me in. I am here to collect your baronhead in Donation. I have only twenty tonnes for that. So that's a gives me a time. For everybody. you're doing a fine job. Raki Rako will be pleased to hear that. And I can safely assume any programming brought into question. Will be overload. I am afraid that must now ask you to handle the broadcasting license. What? But I just gave you. Is this about me? Because that can be taken care of. Believe me. He is no longer in this country. There is nothing we can do for now. So what seems to be the problem? Understand your exploitation. Yes. It's all American family fun. Not quite. With every cut down score. With every basket made. Your analysis. Do not say. Praise Lord Bush. I regard. Well, it's a sport-based. They're sport holes after all. They'll understand. I'll tell them. That is not time. Your license is reverse. On QVMobile pants. Superbike pants. Daka. No more help. Please, General Hooken. We need more of this pants. That's what. So what's the meaning of this? We cannot afford to have you leaving your office at the moment. I thought we had a deed. We'd be great for you our life. Goodbye. Well, it took my pants. Hmm. I'm sitting here in my armani briefs. And it's time for my five hour lunch. And I want my sushi. I'm pretty 2-5-60WQ. I'm going to create an opportunity to play Greg's donation. When I cut one of that time, I guess I did. This fact you just sent me. This one here was one of the great things in history mankind. From George Edman, hadn't transferred. Thank you, George. We'll be in touch. Did you read this in its life in its entirety? So thank you for the efforts to support Stop at CC.com. The censorship issue was struck a resident court inside me. And I want to help. I'm one of the owners of Manhattan Transfer Mimey Production Post Production Company here in South Florida. I'm volunteering our stages, camera crews, and post-production suites to a coordinated effort that fights the censorship. Such as you've trend were experiencing, our studios and staff and post suites are first rate can produce outstanding products. We still need to find a few components like script writers and the right creative to get the message across. If you're interested in pursuing a media campaign with our health, please contact me. It's got a phone number. Can begin the process. Thank you, George. We'll do it. In fact, you ought to go out before you go on vacation. You ought to give this information a book of Brian. I will. And Miguel. I will. And whoever else, all of these things. All of these things. Great. Thank you, George. That's fabulous. You can be surprised with a jiggle commercial or something. Yeah. We can do all kinds of stuff. That's a good idea. Sid says Ramano is macaroni grill. Fair. So what Sid says. Now I happen to like the macaroni grill. I'm not the pastor so much, but all the other good stuff. What? We do like our finds sponsored. Right. It's one of our finds sponsors. They can handle it. Not everybody's going to like everything. See? How's the Jeff Cohen doing, by the way? Who? Where's that moths of pizza? Since Skippy was in their this morning. It sure would be nice. Skippy would let me know what's going on with our friend Jeff Cohen. The ponytail. And that moths of pizza that didn't pizza these days. Every year it's a pace all the time for less. How many years now? I'm 30 years old. I'm 30 years old. I'm 30 years old. I'm 30 years old. I'm 30 years old. I'm 30 years old. I'm 30 years old. I'm 30 years old. I'm 30 years old. I'm 30 years old. I'm 30 years old. I'm 30 years old. Yeah. I'm just shocked that we're like a single of laws touch with him. And that's got to be a Skippy thing. You know, you kind of skipped over it. This is a great fact. TGI Fridays. It says noisy cheese covered. Grizzly, stale, perky can drive. Yuppie want to be slugged. This is the grip is. Yuppie want to be slugged. I can't even read it. Slug pit of the spare. Oh, what a line. The slug pit of the spare. Woo. The gripsing and farting after the. This is the only constellation after dropping 40 bucks for. For two. Plus tip to leave some button covered piece of crap. Punk who smiles right through your face. A phase. What it's said. He slug pit of the spare. Why did that just hit my funny bone, huh? Wow. Wow. Oh, good. What a line. Sounded with teetle like it. What is the worst sit down restaurant chain in America? No drive through. That's what separates the men from the glam. Then he's 91. The out of a garden I told his moon up there. Fifty. Fet is the operative word. Apple B's 43. I hop 35. Waffle House 32. Pizza 18. Chili's 18. Pick it up at the company. 17. Showing off. Morrison's 15. The melting pot 14. You had about experience. I want to North Miami Beach. It's no longer there. The melting pot. I always thought was pretty good. But you want to like it. Maybe if they actually paid attention to you. I know if you gave you some food. What you had. The man's service. Okay. That's what you hate it. Yeah. The red lobster which give you a teeny tiny portions and just rip you off like crazy. So what I'm told. But what do I know 13. Perkins pancakes house eight. Fudrockers 5, the Cracker barrel 4, Golden Corel 4, Friday's has got a pair. Two for Ben against one for Stupies, and none yet for Bobby Rubino's Tony rumours that a macaroni grill 405. That's what we got so far. And, in fact, Reagan inspired me. Now, I don't want to like lean on all the people there in the building, but it was seemed to me since everybody in the business in his market listens to this show religiously. They all got that. Since this is your livelihood that we're talking about, and even those of you who work for cheap chattel who may be listed right now, you can see where I'm going with this. Where you going? That they ought to be on a bandwagon, and since they can't be doing it publicly, and since we of course keep confidential names of anybody in everybody who donates, they could participate in this and help us to very surapticiously be honoured scenes. By getting out the whipping out their visa, American Express or Mastercard and go to stopFCC.us.us. Right? Right. And don't need 50 or 100 or whatever they want to do. In fact, I think a lot of people sitting in that building right there by you ought to be doing it right now instead of hyperventilating, well, what are we going to do? I think they ought to be taken the lead from Greg Reed, don't you? I mean, you're making a big box like Greg? They ought to be out of getting out of their credit card and sticking 100 on there or a couple of 100, I think there would be a magnificent idea. We'll get up to five grand a day by the end of day with it, just like phone off a log in here when I said that, you just laughed me right off my seat. They're all going to laugh at you. Exactly. Then thing I could do, just like every time we try to get the goose up the number and a petition drive on stuff, FCC.com. Oh, we're never going to do that. Of course, you then you started playing psychology, but you didn't think we'd get to five thousand. Well, no, you couldn't have predicted the Greg Reed principle. No, no, but I knew that if I keep bangin' away sooner or later while I'm bearin' some people in a getting it on this, it's not just in the O'Rodgers thing. It sure is how late just the Howard Stern thing. It's not a mole Howard David thing. Absolutely. I'm sure. 38, 33. No, no, that's not correct. That has a plus to 500. Plus the 500. I'm just reading the figure that coming across the... Well, he's not included in the 500 obviously. He couldn't be because we started out with like 36, okay? Correct. So it's 43, 33. So we need 66, 7. Oh, it's a good thing we didn't need 66, that would be really bad. 607 by 2 o'clock. We can do it. A couple of 50's here in air. Maybe somebody with 100, maybe with a couple of 100. Maybe somebody with 500 like Greg. Maybe some people inside the building are going to log on to what right now. And don't need 100, very sure, it pitches the incredibly like tough and clearance. And the kick scurvy who's a good guy. Huh? Anybody in a radio business ought to be involved in this. See, like I said before, like this thing about the NAB conference, and they're going to have a code of conna. Screw the NAB, okay? National Association of Broadcasters. You're going to pick as much of pansies that ever came down. I'm like you're tragic. I'm embarrassed that I'm even in a business because of you people. Every time the FCC says, roll over you say, oh, how many times are you? How many times they say, jump, how high can I do it? You know? Just a big bunch of nothingness. No backbone. And if Stern really wanted to see this is what it just aggravates. I don't know why I keep repeating this, but it just bugs the how out of me. Guys making 30 million a year. And instead of making a martyr out of himself and you know, how it's Stern on the cross like Jesus and all this. Why not really take the bull by the horns and then and then. Lead away, okay? What all the millions of people who's got listening to your video in those 36 or 37 markets, but he's not doing it because if he were, you see, you see, we're flushing down there on those petitions. You just know that the people who are in a position are really be leading the way aren't doing it. But like I said, got all these people in the business sitting out there, the baby gravy lines that are world all these other people. I got a few bucks. You know, I just I don't know where his name came from. Just popped into my mind, you know? Right? Right? The Paul Castro Nova is at a world who worked for tea channel, but I'm sure behind the scenes hate them like poison because they're always looking for another job. Oh, sorry. The William Tanners of the World who are helping the Spanish language stations, but stabbing us in a back. Even though I know he did sign that petition. 21 till noon, I get a little whipped up today. Oh, right. Absolutely positively. Oh, about freaking time. The local V6 is 560. The radio is all yours. Oh, you, William. Come everywhere. Here. When I woke up this morning, a year moved, sawless, there looked so many, not just. As the God would happen to me, he said that from now on you be, joining our guests. I took a great train to the shower. Oh, I took a great train to the shower. Box cars were with men with boys and girls. So don't worry, I'm a kid. In the free of nation, in the world. You know I never paid it much attention. I have how much things would change. If thought we were, said on all of that again. If I never had anything, that is just happening here. Come by riding the box car, because my boat is called. It's all the wrong side. You made it not, it's hard to sleep with all the decent, the presence trees as they pass. And we'll be. I took a great train to the shower. Baby, I took a great train to the shower. Box cars were with men with boys and girls. In the free of nation. I took a great train to the shower. I'm 45, 15 till noon. I'm going to get a free bar of soap too when we go. Don't drop it. Don't donate it. Nice a lot, up here to the best. I was totally okay in his own numbers are way emotional cripple away. Thanks, Doug. How about Clarence? I don't know. The Humper is not there today. I know Humper will come through force eventually when he's around. He's probably on vacation. Or he plunged in his guts up. When a lot this weekend, Hank, we need your cash. What about the mad dog? I don't know. Well, let's go. Come on, man. Let's go. Let's turn this with some cash on there. We're probably going to see some of the business or master cards. Hop on at things. Stop FCC.us. Probably should be saying us because I think maybe there's like a period and there's something else. FCC. Stop FCC.us. US. The son of Orange County chairman. That's Orange County Florida Orlando. Which karate is getting nationwide attention after being featured on David Litteman's late show, yawning, twisting his head and falling asleep at Rally for President W. He was taped standing behind the present, checking his watch, stretching and basically dead on his feet. The late show skid ended in some of the funny moments from his video into the bit. Chairman Kraddy told local TV6 news in Orlando Thursday that he was afraid that Letterman skid would hurt his son's feelings, but the boy thought it was hysterical. It was the best. What we had was a few yons. A few looking at the watches over 45 minute period. Letterman had that edited down to a 30 second piece and frankly it was hysterical. How many seconds? About 30 minutes. Kraddy said his son was tired during the rally because he was so excited to see the president. So now that was in was for real, except they just edited down. That happened over a longer period of time. A little bit for effect. Nice going there, Dave. Good job. How about Letterman putting in about 50 grand on this huh? He's making 30 million here. Here's a radio accident report from a Fort Lauderdale liberal atheist against bush. Radio accident report. I turned on WIOD when he had to stop your show so the Marlins game could be broadcast. Occasionally switch to that channel see what kind of BS to my wing is spouting. Don't do it again. What do I hear during a commercial spot for some kind of calcium product? No, those of them fill Henry. Are you sure? The kicker is that he begins this spot by saying how much he likes rush. And how much rush is taught him about radio broadcasting. Even that's what all those bottles were that he was leaving around at the IOD rush. And it was rush. How much rush is taught him about what that was Mr. Eagle about a radio broadcast. And what a sellout bull it says here and you're absolutely correct. That's why I pull me to kiss today. See that's not a stalgia people saying old film hungry is the best talk host number. But you're entirely your opinion. Once upon a time I would have said hey, no problem in argument with that. He's great. But he is totally sold out all of his principles. He's become a right wing parrot for cheap channel and the bush mice to rent it to disgrace. See one good thing about it for him I guess though is because his act being a whole phony deal anyway with the phony voices. It never depended on having any credibility. He never had any. So the idea that politically he's gone way off the deep end of the deep right. I guess he doesn't care because he had no credibility anyway. Gay students said settles lesbian Barbie case. And openly gay teenage during New York received a $30,000 settlement from the city over her suspension for wearing a Barbie as a lesbian t-shirt to school attorney out system. Remember that story? Yes. Natalie Young. Now 15 in the high school were the shirt to middle school. In April of 2002, leading school officials to center home for the day despite the absence of any official dress code. They saw the t-shirt that go home. Bye. The teens said the settlement should make life easier on other openly gay schools and right. Think they should feel more comfortable about who they are. Young was pulled from class by the school principal in order to sit in office until she changed the shirt. When she refused, she was suspended for the day. Young's lawyer Ron Kooby filed a federal suit last June. Legend the incident was part of a series of discriminatory incidents resolving the suit without litigation was the appropriate decision city attorney Donna and Kaz bombs said. The city department of education agreed to establish a policy on student dress as part of the deal. So what you guys out there be sure where the right dress when you go to school and school and hop into pool. 560, 560, pound 560 were looking for chains man for good chains. Yeah. Anybody call about the CM Q thing and nobody's going to use any information about that. Why are you laughing? I don't think we have a lot of crossover just that one guy. We got some cross dresses. Well, especially your people. Oh look at that speaking of that. Bring it up. At the fastest pace in nearly four years, the Bush chain campaign says the number show the president's pro-go policy are working and that John Kerry would derail. Right there you go. Sure. We won't talk about the fact that unemployment went back up to 5.7% because so many people have given up looking for jobs. We don't want to talk about that. No. Just pick the stats from anyone month that looks really really good in the side. Look at the straight job we're doing. Anyway, what is the worst sit down restaurant chain in America? No drive through. That's got to be the purpose of that separates the in on qualifiers from the good ones. Then he's 101. All of Garden 63. Look at the moves that they're making. Didn't I predict that? Yes, you did. Apple B's 47 and Josh says deservedly so. Waffle House 41. I have 39. You hop is a gun on yet. Pizza high 21. Chili's 19. Pick it up in the cafeteria 19. Show these 19. Oh, whatever happened to the ranch house. Bring it back. Morrison 16. Red Lobster 15. The melting pot 14. Cracker Burrow 10. Raskaloss 9. Perkins Pancake House 8. Golden Carral 6. Fun Rockers 6. You what I said? I heard it. Friday's 5. Berrigans 2. Barrigans, Benigan. Daniel Berrigan. I remember Father Berrigan. No. Benigan's 2. Stookees 2. Tony Rome's 1. Macaroni Grills got one. Bobby Reno's done on a 4. And 64 vote. And I'm sure there's like. Ziggins of other. Shains that we don't even even thought of yet. Human chains. Like that black Amos. They're probably not still in business anymore. Not. Well, good for them. That's another one where they used to have like cheese on the seat. Probably. I think it was cheese. They put a QA below. Not there. Line one, man. I apologize. I don't call line one. Don't do that anymore. WQA and hello. Yes sir. Is this on the other torch? I'm Neil. Nice to meet you. George. Here's your favorite. I've never happened before. Neil, you just picked up. I picked up. Yeah. Hey. How about the box? You never put hops on there. Is hops still around? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Another former sponsor, mine. I say with great shame. Oh, they were odd. That is twice their terror. I think they knew model was winning doubt. Hop right out. Neil, I'm going to probably. I don't know. I'm going to get a trouble for this. But I'm going to say I'll wrap that up. See MQ. Really? Yeah. Are you serious? Yeah. Totally serious. We play classic Spanish from the 60s, 70s and 80s. The more 70s and 80s. And then we have a show on in the afternoon. I just go fiesta. English just go from five to six. Hey, great. But the station's doing well. How do you explain the sudden surge? I mean, you guys came from almost nowhere. And you're just kicking everybody's ass. I know. It's been trending well for the last die. I'd say not the last four books. Yeah. We got the trend yesterday from our directors and it's amazing. Do you know, man? There's a lot of Spanish people down here as you know. I have a very perspicacious observation on your part. Yeah. Thank you. That's why I'm going to end up with more some of the artists that you're by. I mean, he'd give me dates, but like who are some of the artists that you're playing? I'm the one who's going to go in the building. I don't know who the artist is. Excellent. All right. Keep up the good work, Kelly. I have a good weekend. You two, thanks. And now that was great. I got it. See, I like that. There's a guy that's got a sense of humor. He's a sailhole over there. He doesn't know for many of those artists. He's been getting nice, but he's selling this stuff. You know, look, you don't have to eat the hamburgers to sell them. You know what I mean? We still haven't had any answer though. About what? About who the artist is. I don't. I have no idea. I do. I go Russian right out this weekend by some Russian music. I mean, by some of you are always the expert on Spanish music. I sure hope they're not playing over. He's a little bit older than that, right? He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. Yeah. Pre-Ricky Martin. Moreover, he Martin was in Manudo. But all him pedophiles were chasing me. And when they were playing Manudo, and like old Luis Miguel from when he was a Manudo. I see. Five Luis Miguel was not in Manudo. I thought he was. No, he was not. He's just a pumpkin at movie, but running around naked. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. And I was got that huge vacuum. But he got rid of huge pain in the air, but and I was Mariah Carey. He said, man, you think John Carey is Carey? Just think I look at Mariah Carey. Wow. Would I one gigantic boob right there in the middle of her or her naval supposed to be? That's a good idea. How about you, K-O-A-M? Hello. Yeah, I was thinking. Speaking. Yeah. Well, I spoke to you several times that you were working for Jack Rick O'Brien's Chicago and stuff like that, though. And I was a radio, but I got the perfect campaign for the campaign. You're going to start against the push. Right. What if you show a split screen? Can't pay attention. Can't pay attention. That campaign's piece that seems all right with Clinton, but they're going to get better with me. Have up there a statistical fact of how many kids from all these Republicans are in the war and Iran and so how many regular Americans have got killed while they are all out here. Said no to be going to all these political affairs, why the average American is over there, struggling for money, and if K-O-A-M did not, or not, be a not but in the Iran being killed. But he said, he's taking care of us. I didn't say how to Jack Rick O'Brien. Tell my thought his work was just horrible. 5 6 7 5 60 pound fire. What do you think of that idea, huh? I ran, but then ran fast enough again. Nope. I'll have got nothing. Make kicks, Denny. This is going to be exciting 406. Which sounds like a big get. Now, what do we got there on the screen? What's the Eric give me any new numbers? Because I think we're going to make the five grand, today. No. 3833 was lost. And that's it? I mean, I'm sure there's more by 4333. I'm sure there's other curriculum. I thought we want to start again after that. They had yesterday for Eric up there. Whoa, man. It was a rough day. And if you don't believe me, just as Kim Hill said, Yeah, let me find an English language article. But I think I'm right in your wrong for once. About what? Luis, me, about a dozen. I'm going to tell you right now. I'll bet Josh courtes is life on it. That Luis Miguel was not in Minuto. Okay. How about a hundred bucks instead? No. All right. You're already got your washer dryer. So don't throw and push your luck. Smart ass. Well, now where are you getting that from? Well, I'm finding all these articles in S. Fine, you all about it. I'm trying to find one in English. I don't think I'd say one. Time ago, that you saying one thing was in Minuto? Yeah. First generation. Good luck finding one in English. I just typed it in and nothing happened. One moment please, folks. There goes a little hoochie kochi. Would be up to a 40 share by 12 30. guaranteed enough playing this. This is brand new baby. I rise. La Casa de Luis Miguel. Here you'll find everything you want to know about Luis. How big is asses? Why he dumped that bitch. Am I a carry? How many guys he's been doing lately? There he is. There's a big picture. Well, he still looks pretty good. But where's the biography? Here we go. I bet you're going to get to it before you do it. Okay. Sure. Well, it's in English. After 20 years of career, at least Miguel is a pain-pregally. All the prizes you have. I don't know what this is. I can't find it. I got an idea. Why don't you look up the new dough? That's what I did. And what did you say Luis Miguel was in the middle of the musicals? And they say Luis Miguel? Yes. Oh, it's in the middle of the minute. Does it say Luis Miguel was in the middle of the night? Yes. God. I think it's more of a propaganda. Don't forget by the way, it's our photo. He's Mexican and Italian. Okay. So forget about him. We are sports video. 5 6. You AM. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-1 hour on Q8M. She is the only person that has a lot of old and tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the only person that has a lot of hard days. She is the only person that has had tough days. She is the only person that has an holds time. She is the only person that has a lot of tough days. She is the one who grab all her tips from your minds. Funko 3-5-60WQ profund Casey Plohn by the  kad dakay powder five and then we got marlins and a mess in porcane loosely to you know my computer I just had a reboot to hold because of your spick a website sir. Sorry screwed up everything for man or what that was. It turned everything to Espanel. Then I was even try to check some of those on I could have read it. Comprendo un poquito. So what do you got? Read it. Let's hear it. Oh I can't have not any more although I said you fact it doesn't fool a crap. Let's see it says Luis Miguel was never a minudos as some other George with a G. Well if you got it there I mean how I'm trying to find something definitive I mean I'm finding it in art and like descriptions of albums and things with minudos. Is it a lot of us kids there were in a group were like interchangeable in other words they were there until they got like two old like Michael Jackson would say they got two old like about 10 or 11 right and then they would bring a new one kids. So he might have been in there like you know maybe so the shower was a Ricky Martin or something like that or I could be a full crap like that. Who could be full crap. Me. I'm going to take it on this particular issue okay and the reason I know that that number you gave me before is wrong because it didn't include the voluminous amount that stuff added in there too. So we know there's at least one more forty twenty eight plus to five correct. So that's forty five twenty eight. We got four hundred and seventy two dollars to go until two hours to do that. You can me that's child's play man. No problem. How much of parents are right on the check for a hundred right now. All the money that he steal on all that place. How about the salespeople on the day care about free speech about radio they don't even know what that just like that guy at CMQ. We don't even know what they're playing. Our salespeople. Where the hell are they with this? Where's fat boy who talks a good game huh? Where's Skippy who's just a squeeze and where's my good buddy Troy to blow with a bald head huh? Old Troy Stratford there. He's still a stiff and his old Josh Strat back in the sales department. What's going on? Let's go you guys. Let's hop on it okay. Stop FCC.us. Can you spell you west? Oh. Go spell it out for him okay. Right on his forehead. Now what is that direct I see I've screwed up my whole computer now with that crap. I can't get back on my home page here. Oh I see because the if or so how did that get to me my home my home page. Uh oh. You know what I mean how could that happen? Spyware. What do you mean by that you think? That's what that's what does that? Oh my god now I don't want to see Jerry how well. I don't want to see that. Oh look at her she is there's like six of them there. Six for the price of one I don't want to see that slut. I mean I love the spice girl. So what how can I do now? I'm all I'll worry about during the break. How can that happen? I don't you think that was really spyware to like took over my other thing? Yes. It was Spanish spyware CDSP 567560 pound 560 if I maybe wouldn't win an SP for this performance. I don't think so. That's Roamy. WQA and hello. You sure. I think they're one of your sponsors but is anyone sent out back? The out back? Your back doesn't have any drive through. That's a good choice. So overrated. Yeah I know a lot of people that are just nauseous from the out back. Okay we'll put them on their belly thing. All right thank. Okay let me just see something here. How did I let it in? Okay let me just to try. I gotta get my look at that this page cannot be displayed. Oh my god my whole computer my whole life is just gone to go ahead. How was this possible? I punch in Neil God. Oh yeah what is that? Neil God? Run website. No no but see how did how did something come up there? I don't know. Why are I doing this? And this is all your fault by the way Mr. Neil. I plan to have this Spanish plot. We have this. I guess you do. Invading my computer. Shame on you. They're stop at CC.us. Looks really good. What do we got? 4528? Well I've 5,000 by the end of the show. If I have to stick around right to check myself. 522 votes on the pool. Thank god at least I can get back on this. What is the worst sit down restaurant in America chain? Not a drive through. 10 is one oh wait. Olive Garden 74 making a big move. Apple B 52. Waffle House 46. I hop 41. Show one is 22. Pizza 21. Show these got 20. Pick it all a cafeteria 20 right lobster 19 Morrison 17 melting pot 15. Cracker build a dozen. Rascal House 11. The golden corral nine. I still don't want that is. Is that like that pick and chicken place? It's like a big buffet. Oh is it really? Yeah I think it's good actually. They got cut meat and mashed potatoes or whatever. Mashed taters. Sounds like really for go. That's why Josh goes there. Perkins pancake house eight flood rockers six, Stookies five, Fridays five, Ben against five. Macaroni grill's got four. That I am speechless. Tony Rome is one. Hopps is go one and none yet for the outback or Bobby Romino's but the outback just went on and they'll get some. There are people who are like they either like that place a lot or they're hostile. Hostile they don't like their meat. WQM hello. Sounds like me yes. Okay Neil you should get a copy of the theme song from the TV show of the Flintstones. So before you talk about either the Bush administration or the Republican party you could play that theme song first. Let's fit right in. The Flintstones. The Flintstones right if you don't have action I must be missing something. If you listen to the song you'll see what I mean. Okay. All right. Thanks so much. That's what's in the Flintstones what do you say? Okay. I bet I got it. Yeah. The gale time is out of stock and mud. I just had to run back here and get my TV things. You got it? No. Cartoon is what's so you there is a papai. The Jetsons. What is that craft that you're playing by them? It's new. It's classic meat cube. Sounds like craft to me. Now what's the one that he said I should take the fine and the Flintstones. I think we got it on the road. Okay. Great. Good job, Palik. By the way, George is what have we got? He'd like to get some but two. 567560, pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. So sad. I made the effort. Hey listen. I'm easily had no problem. It's what I've heard. Yeah. Prosecutors are sitting with expanded inquiry to leak of CIOFSA's name. Prosecutors investigating whether someone in the Bush administration improperly disclosed the identity of a CIOFSA of expanded inquiry to examine whether White House officials lied to investigators or missile classified information related to the case lawyers about the case government officials say and looking at violations beyond the original focus of the inquiry would sit it on a rarely used statute that makes it a felony to disclose the identity of an undercover intelligence officer intentionally. Prosecutors have widened the range of conduct under scrutiny and for the first time raised the possibility of bringing charges peripheral to the leak itself. Can we say leak? No peripheral to the itself. I think like that. 567560, pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'm so distracted my whole over a minuto and Luis Miguel and my computers like all uh, anger blow screwed up. It is. During the break I'm doing as long commercial brace we got. To take a moment or two and try to put the pieces back together again. WDQA and hello. Yeah, how about the L House for the survey? The L House. The L House. Right. The L L House. The Quarals brings L House. Who's there's terrible? Okay, you got it, man. Thank you. Thanks. Don't put it again. I don't think I ever heard of the L House did you? Sure. Go there often. And you do? Often enough. You like it? It's fine. What do they got? Besides L. Beer obviously. Lots of beer and yeah. Probably burger. You know, things like that. It's good for what else you. It's got funky burgers like mushroom, Swiss burgers. I like that. They got pasta, they got seafood. Yeah, but it's you know, it's middle of the road ferretting fancy. You can go there. In other words, it's for slippers like you. Right. Well, so what's not to like? It's fine most of the time. Okay. But we'll put it on there because whatever they say it's their taste. It's not our taste. If we like it, maybe we just got bad taste. Who knows? Taste this. Fumantist has known as fine 60 QA. Let me fix that thing. The throttle maple leaves and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. He was one half of a hugely successful 80 and even though both of them are out of work now, it just seemed like more fun to pick on John Oats. Nobody remembers me because I wasn't the pretty one like Darrell Hall. Let's face it. I look like a cross between Freddie Mercury and Billy Bob Thornton. John Oats, unrelenting bitterness and tragic loser status. Provide exactly the kind of demeaning, spinked your tightening awkwardness. We love here at Inside the By. Well, I'm here to tell the world that I'm back with an all new show I simply call in Oats. I'm I'm sorry in Oats. Featuring all the parts of the Hollywood songs that I made famous. The parts you made famous. I'm not sure I understand. Oh, like kiss on my list. Because your kiss? Because your kiss? Because your kiss? Oh, my God. Oh, or man eater. Whoa, who she comes? Whoa, here she comes. Oh, hey, hey. Stop, rich girl. Rich girl. Oh, rich girl. Hey, shut up. You're free. I'm gonna shut up. You're gonna shut up. Rich girl. Rich, rich, rich, rich, rich, rich. Mr. Oats. Oh, Mr. Oats. Oh, I'm sorry. Is he singing just the backup again? Yes. Oh, it's so tragic and embarrassing. But that's what you guys like, right? John Oats. If they gave an award for a second banana. Hey, FCC. I said banana. Go ahead. Find me. It's a big juicy shopping with. Look at show business tonight. Uninside behind. Well, I forgot to mention this before. Because we got so much crap going on with my computer getting little around which thank the goodness for my technical expertise. I got it all straightened out again. Uh, you know, that broad that was supposedly missing. And they had the big man hunt. They used all of that. The meeting got everybody whipped up into a frenzy. Yeah, what about she made it up. Oh, she just wanted to be alone. I could relate. Miss trial on the title case. One of the jurors. I wonder if it was the jury that kept given the okay sign. You know, that the gray-haired bitch. Miss trial on the title case and then the broad that supposedly was missing. Then they found her and, uh, yeah, a kidnap. Uh, she wasn't kidnapped at all. She just made it up. Was it good at Garbo or Marlene Meditriyk or, uh, who was it? I found to be alone. I thought somebody like her. She wanted to be alone. It'll come to me. Who was it? Me West. Was it? No. Me West. So why don't you come up and see me sometime or something? Who? Who? I'm here right with my car. She wanted to be alone. Anyway, not she'll come a risk Miguel Gallego, but, Busterie. Uh, this in the way of the abril. 1970 and Puerto Rico. I'm not going to push my luck. It's a great group of adolescents. They're men who do. I can read this pretty good, you know. Yeah, not bad. The butto and la msica contan solo dos de aniosy. Poco despues la revisio y si o su primer grami. Swain. He was in the noodles. What it says here. He was a, if way integraente del grupo adolescent. Amen. Uro took many showers with Ricky Martins. What that means Luis Miguel. Fue el colegio Boston de Peregral. Don de Cresso hasta quinto graro. El resto lo hizo con profesor y es particular. He was beginning somebody hard attack right now. Why? That sounds so filthy. What are you talking about? Oh, those filthy foreign words. Oh, you mean, oh, you mean, uh, I would muffin' there. Well, too bad. Darokillos compre misos musicales no le prometion as cetea de regulament. What? Oh, I, if to sound filthy. What sounds filthy? I have a red one more. That sounds more or less filthy. It's a bio. 1983 come, he's the Puerto Rico and Plano. August de Minudo. Oh, there you go. What does that mean? I have to go. I don't know. Huh? I don't know. What? I don't know. You don't know. You're the resident spik and you don't know. I like he's the, he can. He can. He can. He's a Puerto Rico and Plano, August de Minudo. Now what does that mean? I don't know. I think we got to fake spik is what I think. I think he's Portuguese. Boston ricks. As last night channel 17, WL. This is depressing. WLR and Miami played a Nova episode and had a life in death in the war zone. It followed an army mobile hospital and lives of soldiers in the unit. In one scene they shoot a 14-year-old girl who was burned in the hands and faced with a US unexploded bomb. They said the only reason they helped this girl is because the guards at the front took pity on her. This is total BS. We caused her injuries and broke her country and now we don't want to fix it. Says Rick. But really got me. It was a 90-year-old girl burned over 15% of her body from US rocket attack. The parents couldn't get out of the house to get food or water. Do they conduct a garage of missiles and fighting? Finally, they got to the army hospital with the girls severely malnourished and dehydrated. She was only skinned bones. They were going to fly her to a US hospital for treatment but she didn't make it. One of the nurses just broke down and said she couldn't take watching all the children mutilated and harmed. You know, when is this madness going to stop? I'm sorry to bum you. I needed to vent. The DVD deals on sale at pbs.org. If anyone agrees with this war, pull out a picture of one of these children who was lives will be destroyed forever because of a senseless war. But you know, that little kid who's picture we had on our website for a long long time there, right lucky Ellie. The good, yeah, he got all his, uh, he got all his other official limbs and at the great, yeah. What a tragedy. What, how pathetic. And anyway, so least me goes in minute or like I tried telling you before you got my computer all screwed up. God, you're hard as. Who doesn't speak no Spanish? Who wanted in the picture? Hey, they can spot a phony a million miles away. What is the worst sit down restaurant chain in America? No drive through. That's the, uh, that's the definitive deal. Does that mean I have to use my real name now? Then he's, uh, Eddie. Then he's one 19, all of guard, Eddie Rodriguez. Uh, all of guard, and 81, Applebee's 54, Waffle House 47, I have 46 and every after that small potato. So I see a tie between Red Lobster and Pizza at 24. 567. I'm sure we've left many, many thousands off here. WQAM, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I got to tell you. I don't know if you've mentioned this on the area yet, but the story about, uh, about the White House, the Bush White House, concealing the records from the Clinton White House. Right. Now there's, I mean, that's just that just shook you. What people these guys are. And also, uh, well, I want you to keep several things in mind. Number one, they didn't want this 911 community. They fought it like crazy tooth and nail. Number two, they helped put a bunch of stooges on it. And that number three, they wanted the deadline to be like, uh, already over with. They didn't want to stay the deadline. So they fought this every inch of the way. They didn't want to tell the American public the truth. How can anybody with any brain cell? Buy with the citizen's treatment. We need you to out of May. We are scandal. And you know, you know, I'm convinced. I'm convinced more than ever that what I've been saying for months. That was true. If Bush came on television at 9 o'clock tonight, held a national speech and said, we've lied through our teeth about all of this. We were going to go into a rack in the first place. Richard Clark is right and so was Paul O'Neill and everybody else. And we went in there because we wanted the oil and because of the fact that the anneal kinds had this game plan of domination in the Middle East and World Domination. If he came on there and told the truth, they still would say, oh, we support President Bush. He's a great leader. They wouldn't care. And by the way, uh, I don't know how this America could have over what somebody is. As air you died as you speak. So eloquently on this topic that that could really fight and as a real radio guy. I mean, they really should that should take a closer look at. Well, they can't afford me. I think that's a problem. Have a great day. What do you know? Well, I was 20 years off. See you. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and for as Marles Lent. Oh, yeah, I would have been like to have been on that thing. But of course, normal he's busy getting sick and dying and all these other things. See, I probably shouldn't say that because that maybe you'll have to know, uh, like that. I'll put him over the edge. Ooh, something for the right. 560560, pound 560. How are we doing with that cash? Are we getting updates? Yeah, we're getting updates. But hasn't gone anywhere. What do you mean by the? 4028. So 4528. Well, that does that reflect the Duff's? Yes. I don't think I don't think these people are busy looking at those three pictures that you're really hell well. I think that's what they're looking at. Moses, that's six pack they got on there. But other than that, I don't think they're paying any attention to stop. FCC.us, US. And donating. We've got to get to five grand by two o'clock today. Or I'm going to tell you right now, George is going on vacation next week. Oh, that was a bad idea. All right, no, we got to get to five or grand by two o'clock or George. Canceles is vacation next week. How do you like that? Yeah. That'll scare them. That'll motivate him highly. Whip out their credit cards. Went in doubt. Whip it out. Get with it. Visa. Master. Ah, card American Express. Let's go. And are these people cheap? W.A. and, uh, Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Okay. I talked to push the food of the day. And I talked to them a couple of months ago. And they just love them. And I said, they're so much so by and you see all the things you grind about. They stood at a vocalist. And she said, you out stuff in there. And any other person who hasn't done in the past. Very wrong, huh? So, no matter what you tell, they just Yeah, secret. He lied. It's been a lie about having sex, which of course was a big deal to Republicans. And this guy's lying about the Iraq having weapons and mass destruction and having to do with Al Qaeda and terrorism, having to do with 9.11. And all these people are dying. I see a great correlation there. Not exactly. That's what I told the person. And they just have blinded. And I want to keep one. I want you to keep one thing in mind, okay? Okay. There's an old saying that sums it up. Where there's no sense. There's no feeling. Yeah. I can't believe it. You know, there's so much in their face. And they stole it. We did. I just say, again. Yeah. I want to go for a black lobster. Okay. The evil lobster. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I just stayed there. I think once in my life, and everybody had warned me they gave you really small portions and the prices are ridiculously high. And the food is just marginal and best. And it's it. I did twice the second time. Because we got some certificates. And you know what? Still wasn't worth it. Even for free, it wasn't any good. That's a good deal. A good for a poll. Even for free. A restaurant that you wouldn't eat them. Maybe we'll do that one day. Yeah. One of these days. Okay. Keep it in mind. Keep it in the back of your head. Store it away. Come to QM. Hello. Not there online for a shame on you. That was probably going to be our first lady color of the day. Wouldn't you think? Since we haven't had no ladies today. Come to QM. Hello. Hello. Oh my god. I can't believe I did this. I psychic powers even scare me sometime. Yes, man. This is a Jolyn the hockey girl. Jolyn, are you kidding me? No, it's me. Where have you been all this time? Nashville Tennessee. I'm right. What a horrible place. Yeah, it's pretty bad. But you know I'm hanging in there. I got my Fred. So I'm okay. You also recorded. That's me. That's you Jolyn. How you been? That's me. Oh god. I'm missing so much. So where are you now? You're in Florida. I am on singer island on the beach. It's a glorious day. Oh, I'm singer. I remember it well. Yeah, it's a very nice beach. So we're laying out and enjoying the sun. And I go back to Nashville tomorrow. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. Well, how are you listening to us if you're on singer island? Well, I'm getting you up. I'm 5.60 here. Yeah, it's a horrible time. Oh, my god. That's way, it's way better. Wow. It comes in and out a little bit. But I can catch most of it. Uh-huh. And I was just thrilled that I could. So it's good to talk to you. How are things going here and so far? Things are fantastic. I'm not in South Florida. I'm in Toronto. But you have her. Right. I do. Yeah, I am. I'm in Toronto. And, uh, you know, I do most of the store. Where's the show for my apartment? I got a nice little studio of my apartment. And I'm here most of the time. There you go. So you winter in Canada in summer in Florida. No, I live in Canada. And, you know, I spend a few weeks in Florida. Not any more than I have to. Oh, here. Yeah. Well, I'm sorry that the pants didn't make the play off this year. But I'm getting it. Looks like the pads are going to. Yeah, it looks like they might get into the day one last night. They'd be to black dogs. They need that came real bad. I hope they do for their sake. You know, because that very gives me the trots. He's been there a long time. He's really done a good job this year. That's Steve Sullivan. Uh, take a look. Steve Sullivan, man. One of the great mistakes to leave for organization. Never made blood and Steve Sullivan go away. What are my favorites? He's a great player. I agree with you wholeheartedly. I did it. Great hearing from you, Joel. And take care of yourself. You too, Neil. I'll talk to you soon. See ya. How do you like that? That was a shocker. And I said it's a surprise. I said, uh, maybe that would have been our first lady of the day. And I'll put it up. There's Joel in. What am I doing here, man? Seriously. I'm going to go over to Mohawk and this scope out tonight's race. Bye. And local. We are sports video 560. I'm going to have a lot of downs. David. Why do you best, Steve? That little ruff is like a robot. You go and eat the earth through the swish and the stride. There's local police talking right around and you bet you got a radio show. You just want the chair. You're the only thing you missed down that's for you. That'd be a movie. You call this a smile around just to hear that famous farting sound. Turn around the acting. I'd be more than a friend off the sandwich. And like, take a fun as sister Mary, man. You're the best. You're the best. You really put my amy to the test. You're the best. I always get to know you're the best. You're the best. You're the best. You're the best. You're the only girl missing when I go. When a wave there we can decide it's out of the floor. Yeah. You had the anniversary, and you always love it, sure. That's the ultimate excitement, Joel. And she's been in Nashville all this time. She likes it there as opposed to soft food. What does that tell you? Yeah. And she's in singer island over there on the West Coast over in the, say, sorry soda. Maybe she's over there with the omnisch. That's right. Omnisfaising. You think? Wait a minute. Sing or island over there. Is there like a, which one is sing or island? I thought it was over here. Is that the one up in Palm Beach? I don't know. By Jupiter? I don't know. I'm thinking of city island. No singer island is up there by Jupiter, or by West Palm. Why would it hold it is? Some readers complain about Iraq images. This is from the Guardian, UK. Groostom front page photo showing the charred remains of US citizens killed in the ambush in Iraq prompted complaints from some readers that the images were too graphic. The New York Times, Miami heard in USA today, a, said they received a moderate number complaints from IRAID or offended readers about the problem to use of the photos. What island am I thinking of over there on the West Coast over there? Oh, um, no, no. Are they? No, not Mark O' Island. Whatever it is. I don't know why I'm thinking of the one by Sarasota. At any rate. She's just got there in Palm Beach. What is it? Catalina. No. Santa can't believe it though, 26 miles. The York Times ran a large photo on its front page showing the bodies of Americans of Indian singing from a bridge while USA today. The largest circulation daily in the country ran a somewhat less graphic photo on its front page showing Iraqis being the remains of American workers with shoes. USA today spokesman Heidi Henderson said the paper received 20 emails and it doesn't phone calls that were largely critical. This is the photo. They got 20 emails. Wow. And by the way, Clarence, you were lier. You got a lot more response than you and Mark the admitted you were lier. She said the newspaper find a print some of the responses and letters to the editor into this paper. They're in there. I'm sure. The hero front page editor lies at gross. Oh, what a perfect name for the hero. Gross said executive editor Tom Filer, what is the trench code, plan to write a column for some of these papers. Spending the process that editors go through and making such decisions. Santa, don't. Santa, about that's the one. See, I think it's with an installation. That's the one. Sing a rattle. Sing a rattle is right up the road there. Man, it's right up by Palm Beach. Have it in our many of the time when used to be some white people there. Oh, sorry, Joel. We've been saying that these decisions were not made lightly and we discarded many more gruesome photos. But our responsibility is to prevent the present. The facts is the art gross said. She's the front page editor of the anxious mommy hero. John X Miller. John X Miller. Oh, I guess it didn't could be. Javier, right? I guess. But not if his name is John Miller. What were the X stands for? Xavier. That's what I just said. What else could it possibly stand for? Is that the phone? Okay, John's out of the Miller public editor to the trade free press. The newspaper received a substantial number of complaints about 100 from readers have said about a front page photo showing the bodies hanging from the bridge. And I'm going to say it again. On your people out there, you panze that want to be shielded from the truth. It's more important than just like it'd be at nom that the work in public see the brutal protest truth and not be shielded from an owl. This administration would love to see happen. Oh, yeah, let's see the public from those gross, gross images because it's the truth. This is really what's going on as opposed to this glorious operation Iraqi freedom. Right. This B.S. that they're feeding. What a crocker crap. 5.670560 pound five 60 on a AT&T in horizon wireless line. I thought all of a garden make a bigger dead, but nobody can't touch no denies. I guess they never had them in the mother-humper pies. German chocolate. Which I'm not really that big a fan of German chocolate. I like chocolate cream pie. German chocolate. They had a great mother-humper. Mm-hmm. But you know what they still got there? I don't. Well, I'm sure we'll discover. We'll get the answer to that right after we get the answer about the artist that they're playing on WCMQFM with those big numbers. WCM? Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I mean, I just wanted to mention, you know, a push is now going to be a good idea. Push is now going to appear in front of the 911 commission. It's really quite funny when you think about it. That, you know, first of all, it's appearing behind closed doors. And he's got to be accompanied by Cheney. I mean, one of his mommy and daddy and co-woman. He's going to be sitting on Cheney's knee. In fact, do we put the cartoon on the website? Where he's got Charlie McCarthy's got the puppet on his knee. Cheney? Sure we have. Yeah. You know, like every couple of minutes, he's going to be looking like Cheney. Like hey, all the part of Mr. Cheney on this one. Right. Why don't I have his mommy and daddy accompany while they're at it, you know? Maybe they will because daddy's pretty emotional now. He's getting me to have such quick pick it on my kid. Probably knows what, what might be happening then, then it's sort of anyway while we're at it. No question about that. He's on the inside. He's such a was. How anybody can think he's a strong leader now with, when you see this, that again, you know, we're dealing with the American population, which is pretty stupid for the most part. My wife, I'm away home now to log in on him when he's sending some up to stop FCC. Thanks a lot, man. It's a great cause and keep up the great work. Thank you. Take care. My kid, there's a guy he's going to put some money in there. Now what's that latest total? Same. What do you mean by that? He's not changing or nobody's putting it in. He keeps putting it up. That periodically and it hasn't changed. So in other words, it's still $4,528. More $432 away from the $5,000 I guarantee we'd have by two o'clock today. Correct. That's the new C.US and that new paperhead. And USA today with the largest daily circulation. So that millions and millions of people can see it and hopefully go online and sign that petition. What is wrong with this town, man? Where is wrong with the people in broadcasting like I said before? That's certainly motivated, tough. But nobody else. Greg came in with an ice-check, tough got on there, which we appreciate. Anybody else in a building? Oh, not that we know of. Anybody else in a marketplace who would cop up 50 or 100 bucks. And we could just keep bastards. Just unbelievable, unconscionable. And this is what I was up against the first time we went through this back in 86, 87. Whatever the hell was that I and Z the same thing when it came down. What all this censorship BS and nobody stood up against it then. And here we are 18 years later when there's still more and more and more and they never have enough. Never take away enough. Just keep knocking down a first amendment. We just make it up as we go along. You'll say whatever we tell you, you're allowed to say. And let me say it again the most important thing to keep in mind whether you like this show, Howard Stern, Bob and Tom, Bob and the love Spun. Whoever you like to listen to or whatever you like to watch on TV. This is just the beginning. Table, satellite are next. And once they're done with that, it's the internet baby. My life and law fixes 430565. Where can we end? We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to do some orders to three We've got with a landing paper in the group. We have to find an opponent challenger, the batber. We're going to end. And again. We're going to end. We're going to end. We're going to end. It's going to be great. We are going to end. We will end. We will end. the prize is the usual, you know, big teas on the front page. And then nothing surprising, you know? Oh, I didn't notice the attorney general said a Florida's name in there anywhere. Or Mark Foley. Yeah, you know, and anyway, uh, I had a blurb about Hillary. Had her pictures met her fact in Bill Clinton is evidently told Jennifer Flowers, at least that's what she wrote in her book. That he's sure that Hillary has had a lot more women than he ever had. That was his quote says Jennifer. Yeah, that's what he said. So anyway, what would be wrong with having the ice princess bull-like is something? Oh, I speak in a Vubbitches. This, I mean, she's kind of cute. See this odd reseller. She's an Iso young college girl, but uh, I say put a russian jail for a long time, or maybe in a rubber room somewhere. University of Wisconsin honors student, the city was abducted at night point from outside to apartment. It has changed to a count of the incident, as system police chief, Noble Raysett, a news conference today, a little while ago, Raysett police asked Audrey Sutter about a parent and consistencies among lead physical evidence, her statements to the police, those of other witnesses, Sutter then said the adoption had taken place in a different location according to Ray. The 20 year old student was found Wednesdays. She was last seen leaving her apartment at 230 Saturday morning. She told police she was abducted at night point by a white male in his late 20s or early 30s, about six feet tall and last seen wearing black sweatshirt, black hat and jeans. And the quote, oh, this, this is from the CNN website. This, this is an even today. They're websites sucks, okay? They're websites blows. Can you believe this? Stable changes of Dr. I thought this was a very latest thing, but this was on an hour ago. They're now she says she wasn't abducted at all. She just wanted to be alone, and they got this crap on here. I'm sitting here reading it like some kind of a moron, some kind of moron, because I think that CNN is up today with something. It's like those two American kids that got killed over there today and yesterday in Iraq. Finally, they got like, like an afterthought. If you look at the crawl on the bottom of some of these talking head channels, or if you look, go away down in the middle of their website, among the headlines, you're following a two more Americans did in Iraq. It's really pathetic. Talk about managing the news. And that line we had before. Did I say that story about that? Is really thing? I sure hope I did. I guess I didn't. We could put that pathetic? Yeah. The they've got a phone number that they can call in Atlanta, and that if CNN runs a story that they don't like, they all they got to do is make one of folk call to your killer story. Beautiful. They can just wire them up with a dump button. There you go. That's a good idea. I bet to the FCC, we're like that. Just every now and then just to when you feel like it just doesn't. Man. Anyway, I guess I should make him a two man. What is the worst sit down restaurant chain in America? That's our pool question. They are another pool that they den it. Not a drive through. That's got it. That's a qualification. It's got a drive through. Can we put it on there? No. No. Denny is 127. The Oliver Garden 87. Waffle House 56. Applebeats 55. I hop 53. Pizza Hut's God. But third man. Red lobster 29. Till he's 26. Piccadilly cafeteria 25. Show me 25. And down from there. Golden Carousel's got 18. I never heard of it. Does that a new chain? A new uh, I guess we got gifts for tickets here. Wait really? Yeah, but they're down in Miami. So I somebody else is going to get him. Oh, I don't think you're going to Miami. Do you know my no. No. WB who's just an out of control chronic facts. He says it just blows me away when I see the reaction by the public to the brutality of war. Part of Vietnam was a punishable crime to send graphic pictures on little and published them. Maybe if the media continues to publish the gruesome graphic realities of war for the next 200 years, the sheltered war supporters will finally decide war is not such a great idea. And can somebody please explain to me how mutilating American bodies is so much different than bombing a country to help out casually selecting targets that will break the will of innocent people until they hate the invaders so much they only retaliate by such acts of heinous behavior. If they invaded my country, I'd be in the streets also we said that's my 50 bucks worth that to contribute to the downward-of-fascist communication drive, uh, etc. Nice WB. He contributed and that number still ain't changing. Maybe Eric is busy eating lunches or something. Yeah. No. What? No, because he keeps putting the same number up there so I know he's checking. Oh, so in other words, there's not another dime that's coming on there. And I'm sitting here thinking everything is going long just fine. I'm going to go on strike. I'm going to tell you right now until we get to five grand. I mean, we couldn't have made it today without Greg's 500. You know, foreground would have been nice. But thanks to Greg, we'd come in with that 500 dollar check. We got 4528 bucks. I mean, if it's going to stall out right now, what's the chance we're going to get to a third man? What chances are that? All these hot shots out there that talk a big game. Oh, you just let us know, Neil, we're right behind you. Like I said yesterday, you turned around and look over your shoulder. They're behind you all right. They're about 14 miles back up the road and they're running like hell the other way because he's asking for our money five bucks two bucks. How much is a cost for a pack of faggots these days? About $500? No, seriously, how much is a cost for a pack of cigarettes? Three-ish two like high-tos, low-trees. Yeah, three bucks. So just I'd say right now, just in probably keep your life for not extra few hours doing your pubic service. They look. We're going to go that next pack of faggots that you would buy and instead take the three bucks and put it on your credit card and whip it in there to stop FCC.us. Get with it. See, I was on such a euphoric high. You know, when Greg came over and I checked and then stuff helped out of the, now we're going to really get some momentum going. Just like always same old crap. It's the same people always who come through and arrested the people are all talk. And like I said, the people are can't afford even 50 said, we are probably are other stand. We appreciate that. We appreciate their predicament, especially Josh and George. They appreciate and even George put in a hundred. That's the thing that really is an indictment of the rest of the public out there when a little smuck like George with little piker like him. I'm going to die in that puts in a hundred bucks. So I haven't got three nickels to rub together who's treated and abused and used in that place like he wouldn't believe. And still cares enough about something to put in a hundred bucks. And the rest of you, we really like that. You know, it's about time that some people wake up and wake up and woke up and sniff the death of it. I'm starting to get emotional. I'm getting wild. Just like our fundraiser, no matter what the cause is always in this skews. Let's auction off some crap. Okay. Let's auction off Todd Rat. How many cents can we get for him? About 30 minutes. There you go. We'll take it. We'll take it. Oh, look at this. The community and other state and local officials and it says that as you said, Department of Homeland and FBI have received uncorroborated reporting on an alleged plot against major US city. All my son. Some were of 2004 that targets commercial transportation. Both those agencies, Homeland and FBI have assessed that buses and railways could be targeted. But I bring your attention to the word uncorroborated, which basically means that this is a sole piece of intelligence that has come in to the intelligence community that we're not being able to be matched by course. This is the type of information that would not be widely disseminated to the public because of that because it is uncorroborated. But instead would be very specifically targeted toward those who need to know. There you go. Okay. Well, that's it's Friday, right? Just relax. Terrorists may or may not try to bomb major US cities. Buses, trains, just stay home and how to do the bed. That's a good idea. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. We've got 9. 1. We got what? Another 20 bucks. 480. This ain't got a cut at 4548. We're still 4502 bucks short of the 5 grand. See, at this point, you know, yesterday I was like right on the edge. Like should we proceed with this or not? Because I don't want to like have to give a whole bunch of money back to people. Yeah. But if we aren't getting raised like even 10 grand, for example, what's the point? I mean, what kind of an idea to take out for a 5 grand for you? And we can't even get to 5 grand. I got that thing you sent me yesterday from USA today that the. Rage. Yeah. Here's the National Rage. Let's see. The minimum, the smallest data, 16th of a page is 10,600. 16th of a page. You know how small it is, about to size your thumb. I mean, to me, the smallest and eighth of a page is 18,300. For the 31,600 get a quarter of a page, that's what we really need to get people's attention. Although an eighth of a page, 18,300, we'll just continue pressing on and by the year 25, 25, maybe we can get to a few people other. This is like I said before, we're not giving anything and return. That's a problem. Oh, don't we get a CD? No, we get no. Don't we get like a key change? No, you might not read them. You get our thanks. You get our thanks. Two or three bucks and they won't do it. The cheapest low down. It's just astonishing to me. Another another one. He walks 120. No, 41, 68. So 46, 68. 46, 68. You see, I have to embed. See, I don't like pitching people out and chewing them out for like sign of petition. How much effort does it take? How much effort you're all sitting there watching porn on your internet? You're not fooling me. That's right. They're busy. They're looking at jury. How about boobies on air for a couple of minutes? And then go to their favorite porn sites on the computers. They're not fooling me for a second. We're sitting there pretending to work like our sales holes back there. And far sales people are working. What kind of a log we had yesterday? And today it's like a going out of business log here at QAM. Maybe Greg ought to be thinking of that five or a bunch or not the way things are going in this joy. Maybe they took in a good, you know, some good money on that phony option. Maybe that's what we need to do. Let's option off most piece. What do you say? He donated. He's got a whole bunch of spirits anyway. How about Jim Manish's old jox track from knows the Super Bowl championship. What do you say? Oh, right. They have to sit here in big and plead and squeeze and cajol and just just practically terrorize people. It's like stealing, reaching in your wallet and trying to squeeze three or four or five bucks out of you. Just pretending to drop the five dollar bill at the store while you were buying your faggot's here, your milk or whatever your soda's. Huh? Just pretending you'd drop the five on the ground. How about you QAM? Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, I was curious. You always talk about how I'm putting votes you guys need like a million, a million for the top of the cc.com. Signatures yeah, that's what that's what's happening. What happened? Okay, I find it and I'm just curious, wouldn't it? If a million come, what will you, what will happen? What exactly will happen? The world will stop spinning around. No, I mean, what will the fc do with a million signatures? Well, that just a question about the FCC is going to do. It's a question about their Congress. I mean, the Senate still hasn't passed that indecency bill. And then the point is that it passed so easily in a house because nobody was saying anything about it. It passed 391 to 22. The only 22 people are 435 in a house representative soda against it. And that's because nobody was screaming any yelling. And that's why you get to go in front of the Senate. Those are, in fact, on that website, you can click on there and you can automatically generate a letter from you to both your US senators. So, we, I mean, you don't think in an election here that they're going to pay attention if they get a million people signing a petition. We're going to start paying in their pants, man. And I got one more question. Like some of the bits that you can't play any more. Yeah. Why can't you just believe out what you can't hear and still play the bit? Yeah, well, I worked on that one. It took me forever, but it's a good idea. Well, we're going to work on it. Okay. Thanks, Paul. Thanks for your help. $4191. $442. $4191. $4191. $4700. $1. What? And 13 cents. 13 cents. It's a lucky 13 set. That might be what puts us over the top. Absolutely. Am I doing it? Boy, what an unbelievable effort. What a, but yeah, we keep plugging along. That's I refuse to take no for an answer. I'm just stubborn. A stubborn old coot. Like we got a few stubborn old coots in his joint. All the crap you can unwrap. Right. You know, by the way, Wayne hates you, Mo. I just thought I mentioned it again. Just just for the hell, but not any special reason. $557 at $560. If you want to spring into savings right now and save a ton of cash on a great new card truck, you can do it at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. There are US-1-only 20 minutes out of the 836. Armstrong's Toyota Homestead's worth of the drive because they're going to save you so much. A whole pile, thousands of dollars on great new Toyota's speaking to cash. Check out these great leases. An old for a camera or four one or for just 269 bucks a month for 48 months. How about an old for a high-under just 309 a month? Need a truck? How about an old for Toyota Tundra. It's the safest truck in America. You pay just $179 bucks a month for 48 months. And these are just a few of the great savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. It would have as nasty toll increases on people using cash on the turnpike. Armstrong's will give you a free sum pass when you buy your new car truck there. General Manager David Richen is tire-staffledew whatever it takes to make you a deal and put you in a great new Toyota today. So experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference locally owned and operated or committed to 100% customer satisfaction too. There are service departments even open late to late week nights to make sure they get all your service worked on and done right. You'll find a mid-US one in 2.93th and homestead. It's only 20 easy minutes south of the 836 so jump on down. Don't waste your time at those mega dealers or car giants who over promised an under-deliber and then get your dealership under some fully pretense do the smart thing. Do you want to post full feature right? Call David Rich the GM and Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead of 305. 2 4 2 3 2 4 2 3 4 7 3 0 5 2 4 2 3 2 4 2 3 2 4 7 drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. 2 2 3 4 2 3 4 2 3 4 2 3 4 2 3 4 2 3 4 2 3 4 4 2 3 4 4 3 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 I get an emotion. It won't over for 5. All the bleeps all the time. I'm America's slept while the first amendment was being dismantled, okay? While people were saying oh you can't say hey you can't do that and you certainly can't play right And America just said that this has got to be the most passive country on a face of the earth the most passive Genie country. So I just use initials there. I can't say that anymore either Oh well, that's core speech man. That's so yeah, whatever and they just keep making up his ankle Long just to find it under some other words in decent speech. It's obscene speech It's course speech. It's vulgaria. You know something there the ones who are obscene. Make no mistake about it When a founding fathers made the first amendment they didn't say well Unless of course you say things that the FCC don't like or a bunch of grumpy old men see this Senator Sam Brownback from Kansas This guy's picking up right where Jesse Helms left off. That's what he's all about Another right wing lunatic and of course nobody I mean just about nobody said maybe rust fine gold from Wisconsin Almost nobody in America's got the balls to stand up to him and say hey, where do I how do you make it this crap up huh? You're gonna tell everybody what invited fourth and jury and jury number four in the title case got a Coursing phone call in the last 24 hours. That's why they got the mistrial A core our course of letter within last 24 hours. In other words, they made it one off of they couldn't refuse. Oh, oh Well, I don't think I want to be involved in this no more. Okay, mistrial. We'll start all over again Well, these grave robbers that ripped off and scam people from their life savings from millions and millions all these guys from Enron and world com and tyco these people should be on death row right now That's where they ought to be they're worried about putting Martha Stewart and jail Because she lied about the few grand that she made big stink and deal all of these people ought to be on death row And they're walking around on the loose Anyway, like I said, great passive people they lose their life savings based on a bunch of lies. Oh, what was me? I guess I'll have to work till I'm 95. Oh, gee, what was me? Let's put it another four years in there for the guy that's big businesses favored pawn. Okay Let's put him back in there again. He never met a big business center prize that he wasn't in love with and in bed with but let's put him in there again. Oh, it's speaking a money If we have any cash left over after we get our full page ad Yeah, you're gonna give it to Donald Trump You need that yeah, I know if you don't give him the money you're fired Cuz you know, local Donald Trump. They have the final word with his television apprentices But his auditor say Trump's casino company will be in deep trouble without a cash infusion infusion Which would leave him with a minority holding in a company? So I think at the beginning of that show every week you watch that show Are you kidding me? No, I watched it once but To begin to the show Donald's gonna come on and make a personal plea to the audience. Let me trust you Oh, yeah The warning hit this year is a Trump post tells him casino resorts which fell more than 12% in trading Wednesday morning Got no cash. Well, maybe a cost a lot of money to keep that here going like that. You don't keep that color. Keep it on the same texture 5 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT and T and run and I want to tell you one other thing too who's starting to give me a little bit to run me to wrong way Even though he's doing a fine job is the guy that started all this got up there in New York very few people who are taking such a massive project, you know Yeah, and we're not looking for any and I'm speaking for myself any publicity any mention I don't want to be associated with this thing. It's his deal, but it would seem to me since we're trying to raise the money To enable this guy Scott and the people who support this idea to place this ad Which he thought was a great idea by the way, it would seem to me that just maybe Since he's got a 145,000 plus signatures on there and there are a lot of people that are looking at the thing Maybe he just make might make a link to stop FCC.us Now I realize he thinks well. That's a little bit confusing two different URL and I'll something big deal I think it can be explained we don't want to take away from any cash. He might get to the phrase expenses But the bottom line is we could use some support from some other people on stop FCC dot us To raise some cash Right right and he ought to be one of them because I don't think that there's any and I don't I don't know I'm just talking out of my ass I don't think there's anybody on there anywhere in this country who's got more people to sign that than than we have You think that's a revolutionary comment. No. I think it's accurate So I'm just throwing it out there because Eric tells me that Scott's listening to show he's glued to whatever day and why not But also to be listening to First something to think about Scott give us a little help in hand We're trying to help you. We're trying to do it for the cause that you very Vatently have undertaken it'll be really nice if he could give us a little more exposure because just in here and trying to drain the money I tried to drain blood out of a rock with this crowd. I don't think it's gonna work all I well. What we got now One moment plays. Yeah, what a compete. Three 61 13 43 61 says 48 61 and whatever they're gonna say Maybe Dan marino, hello, give the 13 cent. He's got a great sense of humor and great lips 48 61 and he's 139 bucks more. We can do that this hour easy. Okay? I'd like to Todd Reckl. No problem. What about his phy ovis or master card WQM hello Hello, yes, sir Yes, sir phone give new phone pali WQM hello. Yes, hi. This is hi. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes, this is sheel rants and calling. I am with a forum publishing group Right, and I'm wondering who I'd speak with regarding advertising, please. Oh, hang on How do you like that? She wants us talk to somebody about advertising. Don't put her in touch with Todd Drak. I'll tell you that She's online through there put her in touch with somebody good like Adam or a driver somebody like that Right, right maybe even the fat boy. No, like I said somebody good not fat boy I'll tell you one thing. I don't see any money coming in from any of our salespeople of you know as screw-in donated to dime to our car Oh fat boy Todd Drak Oh, Christcraft, oh that new broad whatever name is Stephanie. Oh, no Well, so we got Adam. No, no, which I'm really shocked at that Who else we got we got 80 million sales holes back there's skipping oh, skipping who squeezed all the commission out of all those accounts that he just inherited They doesn't service it all into a damn thing as he got donate no, no, you little weasel you man you little weasel If you don't believe it, just take a look at Mo and you'll know for sure There's nothing and a world worse more anxious and objectionable than a weasel Just take a look at that thing. It's crawling around on his forehead absolutely Maybe that's why Wayne hates him. Maybe Wayne is jealous of his hairpiece you think Could be yeah, maybe Wayne would like to bar hey listen if you want to have a kind of patch things up with Wayne Mo, I don't want to tell you how to run your life, but you want to patch things up with the owner of the team that you broadcast in the games for Maybe load them that nice Sunday go to meet in one minute to beauty It's 11 past one at 560 Q a John and what you have doing is Delivering My 1 And there's pinky on the brain Don't you plan to breath at the time And to Johnny Defky on O'Reets A will spit my dynamo for the heck of it I'll work a sports and liquor Kobe Bryant from the Lakers Mel Dancing that I play He just needs a side Oh, let's get it going I'll hire Pretty soon you'll be gone Which you can be chosen Let's get it going I'll hire Better not be yours Hold it won't be your push Once we're staying at 5.60 WQM Sergio and Iali a slipper like Perseir Jo He donated 10 bucks to our cost FCC die US thanks Sergio He says with a threat of losing my job in the next few months Indirectly due to Bush's policies I still donated 10 bucks to stop FCC this morning He flashing out of those Nazis thanks Sergio and Iali Thanks amigo And by the way Luis Miguel was in Manudo Now here's somebody says Cool and Corals been in my hometown in three two Missouri for 28 years That was become like in the twig Right there next to it Alright 560 560 560 on the AT I realize it's not very silly Any radio which is why I hate to do it to come on here And beg and plead in school And it's childish But again that's what you have to do Because most people will not willingly part with a dime You know that Oh yeah Most people are like generous So like I am And even before I was making a big box I still if I could get involved in a cause Anytime I asked anybody See I'm going to tell you right now Which I remember that Rick Raley incident at that time Were you there when they were doing that? When they were doing what? Were the fire engine or whatever was that they were trying to get raised The money to buy or whatever that deal was Oh yeah, yeah, it was a Avanna ambulance or a fence Something they were trying to raise money to get to again Yes, so what was the cause do you remember? Ah No, I don't it'll come to me And I was on vacation at the time I came back from vacation and we already had some of those things going either Our best of for Camille's house or whatever we do in at the time But it's fine that I come back from vacation To reach out and pat myself on a vacuage I will do And they weren't raised in squat, okay And to make a long story short I asked me and I said no problem I jumped on a bad wagon I put in some kicked in some cash on my own I got on the ear and promoted it and we raised the 10 grand or whatever we need to get the van I remember it well Now what did Rick put in there anything? No, I'm not that I can remember We called that was what I kept trying him about that If you're going to promote for everybody else to kick in on that Unless you're willing to take the bull by the horns Like I kicked in a first couple of grand on his deal And George put in a hundred bucks Then how can you respect anybody else to do it? I mean how can you pretend you believe in it as a worthy cause Unless you're wearing to put up some cash Well, I'm putting up my time Right The time that he be sitting there anywhere What was that? What does that mean? What a phony. No one of you hated Rick where I look like poison Suds we love Rick we hate Hey, you Rick It's just dawned on me finally Go to the QA and hello Hi I was calling about to let to talk to me Speaking Oh We think I was never in the noodle That's what I think Okay, I used to be a noodle fan when I grew up Really? I think she's right because I can't find any kind of English language confirmation Yes, he just found some propaganda there With somebody made that up Somebody who is obsessed with loisers Or maybe some pedophiles have obsessed with the noodle Maybe Thanks sweetheart No problem Ask the chemo vitas Okay See you Oh Ha ha ha ha See if the good thing you got all lois Miguel Markard's I don't have any of the CD here They're good thing I put them in a box under the cabinet Why is that? Get out of here Are you start with your anti-lois Miguel stuff Just because you're a fennish That was a good thing to keep them all safe and nice and does Get out of here Because your friend and I play a little bit on here As a matter of fact, you know who is really speaking of the goddess What? Remember how we smigled record every day at the end of the show Like a 155 when she was briefly doing afternoons Before the show There are no night go with it Huh? That said yeah go on And I was getting blamed Oh, he's trying to sandbag my show Of course everybody was getting blamed That's before she became a political maven And went on a america I think he was trying to sandbag her show Huh? I think he was trying to sandbag her show Right, yeah Now she did a pretty good job of it herself Is that what we call That was before I mean she was just starting out She was a you know she listened to Neil and listened to Neil Then she knew she was ready Remember that quote Yes Also remember I know how to handle him now Handle who? You What does that respond to you? You ripped her an ass because she called you on the phone When you were sick And when she was going to bring you soup And do all the stuff you told her to bug off And just leave you alone that that's what you want Right When she was all very bent out of shape about that Well of course Randy is one of those people Unless you go along with her 100% If you disagree about anything He stabbed me in a back And I'm sure that one of her sick of fans That they're probably calling her on here in New York Oh Neil's ripping you and I'm not I'm just not really a lot I'm just being tired after that And then ended it with well Well I know how to handle now Ha ha ha ha You know is that I handled me? Yeah, would you pay a whole hand? Stay away No, geez Watch it Get that bell jar out again Josh The woman is a big slot And you might have to take that her a bushback If you keep this up So how are we doing on there? I bet you've got five grand by now 48 61 on the last report come on Let's hear it 48 86 13 48 86 Which means we need another 114 bucks So it's not a it's not a dumb thing Now I'm going to tell you right now Any one of those sales holes They could donate a hundred bucks We'll be like dropping a dime on the floor for you or Josh Now like you dropping a quarter in Josh dropping a penny Or is it the other way around? I'd like whatever Abatanya 114 bucks and we can't squeeze some cash out of those sales holes back there I don't tell me they're not listening like fat boy That's cover crab. You know something we might keep them alive Another two or three months if they would put 114 bucks in there Instead of eating all of them cheetos and free goes and what? 44 56 13 That's 49 What do you just we just went down? No, no, I was adding the 500 before I'm just reading this off right now So 49 56 13 49 56 which means we need 44 bucks 44 dollars on a credit card My god, that boy you are pathetic all these years I put up with your with your nonsense and your foolishness and all your fake good deals Hi, I'm Halloween Yeah, all that crappy food that used to bring in from places that were about two days away from going out of business Hi, I'm Halloween And every time they did remember that one diner? That was special That place made the olive garden seem like Ruth Chris Steakhouse That's how bad that place was The rancid meat 44 bucks Todd Drek You miserable little worthless weasel who keeps changing the dates on the copy and send me the same fast train copy now for how many years now? God, good man He must have naked pictures of our friend over there with fast train because there's no other reason to work like I would stay on here I mean you talk about not servicing what you sell that's you Todd WQA Not there WQA, hello How are you doing now? Pretty good sir I'm glad I am going to contribute to the calls when I get off work Oh, right, excellent Alright, and just a couple things I want such real quick The one thing we're just talking about is I've never heard that I've heard it called Scrooge or Strins I've never heard of Scrooge I never did either, but he sure has he's got a downpat man Yeah, okay, now If another thing too, this this place I don't even know how this is one of my favorite restaurants that I'm all closed But one remote coast over the Navarantura It don't even belong with that that is the weak link to this, you know And I hate it It's not our remote coast No, well the remote coast off the bomb Game broke road is great It's been a tactic I always go there Yeah, I don't know Okay, thanks Am I a coast in Aventura? Never heard of it There's three locations, I know that we were going to be in the spot for a hundred years I bring you for maybe it's some other coast There in sunny aisles, maybe that's what he's called Aventura Some rising pepper pies Okay, well stick to the one of the pepper fines, okay, palate Please 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line then he's 138 the worst sit down restaurant chain in America would know drive through Olive Garden 99, Apple B67, Lafala 63, I have 56, Pizza Hut 35 The Red Loves through 35, pick it up a cafeteria How many they got? About 30 man Show me 29, show me 27 more us in his 24, bring your own glass That's for your teeth Cracker barrel, have you ever eaten in moronsons by the way? Nope, no, if they're still around Cracker Bell 24 Golden Carl 23, I hear that's a buffet Do they have any buffet? Melty Pot 17, Rascal Os 14, Ben against 13, Friday's 12, macaroni grill 11, which I'm just nauseous from that because I love that place Perkins, Pan King House 10, which is another one I think is very good The Rucker's 9, Stookies 9, Outback 6, Hot Spine, Al House 3, Bobby Rubino's 2, Tony Romas 1 out of 770 See, everybody's got different taste, a lot of these people don't like for example macaroni grill They like McDonald's, you know, they like vanilla ice cream and more power to them WCWAM, hello Yes sir Hey, how are you doing? If I make it the real, what are those people's expectations going on? How big are you, Pern? What is the money you're raising? Yeah The advertising, when newspaper's going to go on, what am I going to take? USA today How do I make a donation? Go to our, you got a computer I hope Yeah, I do You go to our neowarges.com and there's a banner right near the top Not the one that says stop FCC.com, but little bit lower it says donate to stop FCC.us And you just click on it and then just fill out the form and click on your Aquedicard and you're all said All right, I'm on my mind Thanks, Bally, thanks a lot All right Very simple, Eric did a hell of a job on that if we do so, so he itself Right? If we do so himself, it's a beautiful thing I might be a little bit confusing to people Because on top we got we're promoting a Scotts dealer which is what this is all about Is protesting to the people in the Senate, the FCC, everybody who listen But if you go underneath where it says what's new, what's new? Right about, right about the list of all the cheap channels that you're not supposed to be listening to If you want to protest them, all eight and so forth Right in between there is the big banner It's got the American flag at a back, right? It says stop FCC.us promoting the campaign for free speech Please help to raise money to advertise the stop FCC campaign The petition campaign, and just click words as please help us raise money Which I just did and nothing happened Oh, there it is And then it says you click the thing on and this is a donate and there is the thing Please enter the amount anything between two bucks and a thousand There can be two bucks nine ninety nine anything in between The fat boy I come through with a forty four bucks yet or not Man, oh man, oh man, just wait till I get back to town Okay, we're gonna take we're gonna take a hundred bucks out of his fat Back home, nobody will even miss it We're gonna do it We're gonna do it We're gonna do it We did it You've seen him on channel seven news first as a two bit reported now as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than tummy-faiter and Mary K combined Rick Sanchez sings Here are the dosentones of the man who brought you crunchack Rick Sanchez Rick Sanchez Rick Sanchez seems Rick Sanchez Don't miss Rick Sanchez in his pasty face tour over Hylia It's one show you all want to miss stay for a good one Oh Oh Rick Sanchez he loves his audience I'd such you as a precious gift from us We did it Okay, come down David 131 at five sixty W to a mad dog coming up at two Joseph Gackie for hankin for we apologize and advance for that So we did it, huh? We did it and you didn't think we could now. Again, I am really not pleased with the fact that I had to go through all that Pernietic bitch and then pleating and squeezing and a lot of people are working in their car They're in their truck. They're out at the computer right now But you know, we're gonna make this happen. I'm not gonna sit back and take no for an answer And you know something if we raise the 30 grand or whatever we get and we take out the end and we've sent all of petitions and nothing happens at least we tried How can anybody with a good conscience just sit back and say oh well, I guess things just aren't like they used to be anymore. We can't say crap. You can't say Oh, that's right just said it. Well, I'll be next week Some nervous nearly in the building. I don't want to mention no names some nervous nearly in episode Oh, I don't think you can say crap anymore I don't know why I just didn't sound right to me. Oh, good off this incident. Get up the kick. Okay. You silly screamer and thanks for your donation By the way, duh. And what do we got? All around the grand total yet. He just said we did it. Then how do you know we did it because he said so oh here it is 45 45 45 57 So in fire is 5,045 bucks. Okay, so that's not too bad in two days. Huh? We'll take it. That's a guard couldn't have done without Greg Thanks again Greg No, that's right. Well, I was just shooting for 4,000 okay. I was a shooting For 4,000 and when you said he came in and when I found our check right. See that that's that's a good sign That we're finally getting through to him because he understands it. He's been at a business a long time. Well, I mean kind of on a periphery of the business I understand and of course people in management everybody in this industry I don't know what that was wrong with you people be set affect your cheap and you're a bunch of lazy bastards You won't get off your ass and do anything in fact if they would do something. How come I'm the one who's always doing a campaign How come it's always up to Yeah, where's all the rest of the people in this industry? Of course most of more for cheap channel understand that those people and how about for Rall our good friend for well out there. So we put the link on his website big steak and deal in fact You know something. Let's take a look at Georgia. He's on the internet land on an FM Okay, we're on AM on a station and nobody can hear unless they're like two people actually building Except for Julian who's up there at singer island. I apologize Julian. I think you went to West Coast Not that she cares Let's see. I'm looking at the thing there's California way in front of everybody Texas a little bit ahead of Florida Which we moved into a very strong third then New York is catching up to us pencilvania or Ohio New Jersey Washington Michigan man. I'm as a chusels. I don't see Georgia yet. Do you know? I'm looking there. It is 1110. How many had this morning when I looked at it before the for Rall show 1199 1110 Wow, so he must really be pushing the hell out of this thing. You know I'm either that. He's got nobody listening up there. I don't know what the deal is we got 5,14577 Right Every time you try to like mobilize people and say hey, you know, I'll open up a mouth do something You know stand up for what you believe and stand up for your career for your livelihood stand up for the constitution stand up for anything You're just staying up and go take a leak anything if a LG you know there's then he'll start and again, okay, we just the too many whimsman too many people who just was out every single time is kind of like slunk out into the corner there with that body language, you know Kind of like Chris moron used to do the Panther games. You can see by his body language it will lose a he's to like from down to stairs. You know what that means from sure kind of like slump some shoulders But I look at look of a loser moron on his face Chris moron. What a jerk he was Charles and dear field beats it say I don't know what that's all about it. It's good. We got how much 50 100 and some on We got 5,165 Excellent. That's great. By Monday when I said my ass down you'll be on vacation, but by Monday more when I said that will have like 89 grand up to there. We got our 30 grand And even if we have to settle for like 23 grand that's a six-th of a page just six of a page will make a difference so that people will see it Right we'll take it. I mean USA today they got 80 trillion in the people are read it. They look at it. That peruse it Charles and dear field beats says under the heading of just one more item to add the long list of horse connected with this insane war in Iraq Are we should document where the documentary that aired on PBS's front line said that because of pressure by the White House to get Sodom at any cost US military dropped mega ton bombs on the homes of a wrecky civilians killing countless numbers of innocent men women and children The military defended sections by saying that no matter how weak the intelligence reports were they felt they just couldn't take the chance of missing Sodom which of course we now know they did but that's not the worst part of this story as we all know when a war tragic mistakes are sometimes made But this mistake was repeated not just once but 50 different times and some people still wonder why the wreckies are throwing bombs at us instead of flowers and candy One final points is Charles George Bush also puts the blame on 9 11 on poor intelligence, but he'll we already knew that it was an idiot as he became president That's right, lack of intelligence and WCM sentences they redundancy Wow, how's that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT and T in Verizon wireless line how many signatures is Scott got yet 145,252 I'm looking down there he's looking to collect some I don't see anything on there. Well, well, maybe he'll work on it. Okay, maybe Eric can put some pressure on it put the squeeze on America. Okay, say listen to me go We put you over to top, baby. We put you on a map now. Let's give us a little more I just I don't understand people. Yeah WQA and hello WQA and hello change the station already smock QA and hello Yes, sir, let me turn the radio. Okay rich y'all. How you doing Neil pretty good Rick how are you? Other bucks for you. All right, you're the best man Pretty soon angle. Let us play songs with blue and the lyrics. You're gonna be able to play build me a butter company I'm counting right now And you know that band then the righteous brothers that not gonna be who is he was doing all that drugs, man. You're not gonna be able to play that crap Thanks a lot Rick you got it and thanks for those the CDs to by the way. Oh, yeah, we can ease right we're welcome. Yeah, right happy birthday. Take care of your so okay How you like that rich shot there's a guy see what did I tell you there's some people in this you'll notice it's the people that have around a block a little bit It's alive. I am not a Nazi right rich shop pumps in a hundred bucks and that on earth's fifty two hundred whatever it is see Okay, because I'm gonna keep banging away and right away for that smuckle close the mouth breath of the idiot who still listening there around the clock air every single day Ten to two wouldn't miss a minute. I'll change the topic when I'm good and ready. Okay, well, we accomplish what we want to accomplish we don't need any instruction from some retard all right And when I say we don't need instruction for retars that includes some of the people in our building. Sorry WQQ a M hello WQ M hello. Yeah, can I speak to Neil speaking? Yeah, sure. I know little late in the poll, but No, no, no, that's the be on there be on there all weekend. Oh, it will yes how about cheesecake factory cheesecake factory is Right the worst service the food is just that yeah, but the service is horrible they put the F and F He's right about that service. It's the worst, but it's certainly no denies Then he only reason to go to denies and if you go you got to bring something eat while you're waiting for your food Okay, pal. He will be brown bag and it would be very jackass. Thanks a lot. You got a cheesecake factory. Give them her. We got it Denies though and in fact I was right Olive Garden start to make a little move again In fact, that's what happens when you throw in a few minutes. You start having another movement Denies 144 Olive Garden 103 did we hear anything from skipy about the moths of pizza the pizza off the internet from a gentleman I think he just abandoned us. I think he's I think he wanted a business with the rumors now monkey business Denies 144 Olive Garden 103. What is the worst sit down restaurant chain in America one that doesn't have no drive through which leaves out all the fast food joints Apple b 70. I bet you Josh is proud to see they're in a strong third Look at that. I did that just subliblably. I mentioned Apple these There's one right out there by me in sunrise. You do know that don't you read on sunrise Boulevard. Yes, I did never been there Waffle out 67. I have 58 the red lobster 37 Pizza up 36 show knees 33 pick it up a cafeteria 31 pick this show these 29 cracker barrel 27 Morrison's 24 golden Corel 24 the melting pot 17 Benagans 15 the Rascal houses look out 14. Oh That's one of the great. I'm telling you what what they see in that place. I just it just dazzle me. It just amazes me Oh, you don't understand what you're talking about the pastrami in the court. It's wrecked And you can't complain about the service in that place because there is many They peed people is if you want to be treated like a real they say oh it's like it is New York Yeah, well, that's why most of us don't live in New York, okay We don't want the rudeness we don't want to be treated like some kind of a schlepper like some kind of a barbar barbarian Oh, that should be your worst trouble sunny is that kids sitting everybody orange juices squirting down all over his pants 20 till 2 at 560 QAM your barbaric station for the new millennia On the afternoon they sound great. I think they found their niche there and god bless Everybody, we're just thinking here to tell you all about the groupy down we're having a grand opening To take a jake right here is a mart and come on down to meet your favorite radio legends It's here along the bench. Yeah, the orodgers jim Michaels and Larry can't look very good mega today But if they need nine degrees here on the Saturday hop after him and he's time to place my orders So here's the top word to go down with this over dollar menu at stake in Jake coming in at number one It's a double burger error with cheese fries bubble under at 39 and the big eclipse top 10 Most requests and the birds about violent court in this week's over dollar menu is often milkshake And I guarantee you guys will be the smoothest shit you ever had because it's gonna be whipped up by none of her The Janet Reno as well. It's never you can win a free batting out the fucking guess How many wallets? No has in this front pocket. So come on down You're gonna have yourself a great time We'll be right back ever this Magic eyes I Don't know that I ever played that before there's our tribute to our buddy Rich Shaw Well, where did that come from? I don't know tension Did you ever play it? I'm never played it, but I heard it. Well, there you are I've ever played it there you go Rick that's for you. It's a tip of the steel cap to Ricky Tiki this just in yes 250 from Jim Mandage all right there is the man I know he comes through for us. He's got the big bucks make no mistake about it. He's loaded. He's loaded. They get everything okay Josh Jar right there get that jar. I was sticking there goes the George's hundred So yeah, right, so what do we got now about there close it on six grand I bet? Oh, wait, there was another update during the break. Oh What now? Just Eric just emailed me something that I'm just a little bit disturbed and concerned about I don't understand what hell I meant it or I can't read it, but I don't I don't I think he has good little book here It away anyway Yes 48 you can add the five to this 48 37 76 53 37 How can that be is that correct? 53 right while I understand we had we had five thousand 247 Amanda's gave you 250 your man. Oh, he has no I haven't added his yet. Oh, I see Well, and then there feet tells you he's going to avoid it. He's worried his word is as good as you know How a huh you added in there now. We got 5587. I'm more close than on six grand. We'll do this See, I don't take no for an answer real easily. Okay. I keep banging away and banging away per day Okay, so there are a bunch of people out there. This is really boring. Well, you know, they cut loose for the few bucks and we get it over with all right and then we move on with life This is a project. This is something like like a like little kids, you know, here's a work project You're something free to do keep you off the streets But anyway, Eric's the email. I'm confused you're is there some kind of a Competition I don't know. Huh. I don't know. Do I better not say anything about this on the air? No Because we're promoting the stop FCC dot com and Scott's petition drive and if he didn't choose It's not to put us on it. That's up to him, but I mean we're not we're not gonna start all over again, Eric I don't think that's what he meant assuming that you got what I got I don't get a copy the email. I don't understand it. But anyways, this is what getting touched with for well Maybe maybe you can do that what you're going on vacation Somebody can get touched on the line, but again keep in mind I do understand his predicament because he's working for cheap channel That's stationary is working in land is on like clear channel and they might not want him to go in on it Oh, because they're you know busy sucking up to the bush people and the FCC they're getting to find every 10 they turn around WQA and hello Hey, yes, sir. Hey, you know how you doing buddy pretty good pie. I am mad at you know that I'm a hardworking SOB and push gets on to be at a day and so anybody at a work is lazy and a gold bricker Yeah, I'm the owner primary right even though they created all these jobs. They say 300,000 on a plumber rate Just went back up to 5.7% 5.7% Yeah 42 interviews a last three months and this SOB is calling me a gold bricker. Yeah, yeah He could be stuck to his head stick among up. Okay, great Vote early and often palates my bus of just being good luck to you. What do you say? 5.7.05. 60 pound 5.60 on a 80. I better check my email here again real quick before Eric Presipidate some kind of a I don't know what he's got in mind there What do he email to you anything? Oh, he's not really in the he said that there might be some confusion with people donating to Scott's site because he has a place to donate There rise opposed to the money that we're doing. Well, though I did not go on here The other day and say did nine crudes people to donate and help him be free the cost of his thing And he's got a little side on it. That's fine. Okay. That's great No problem with that Eric's concerned that some people might be going there thinking that they're contributing to this total Right, we need to do that. That's probably have the other proposition or anything But just there's there might be some confusion. I see mine never thought about that That's a good point Eric, but I have no idea how to solve it and don't call me 5.6705 65560 on a 80 in D line W to Q and hello Yeah, great. That's the same same schmuck same cool. Yes, he is still there though still hanging on every word. Our series schmuck W to Q and hello Yes, sir Speaking deal, can you tell me why you can't play the condolese a bit? I never heard why You can't play that because I was told that I've played it again. I would be fired. Is that a good reason? Get up for what because because pressure was brought against the radio station by a bunch of right wing And of jobs from newsmax.com and Fox news and Fox newsheader and they made a big difference about condolese and how is playing all this racial stuff about doctor rice Not as a crap and then they threatened to bring in some so called Equal Rights or group some black militant group that was going to come in and pick at the station And we had a whole song that ends about that and so you know since we all want to keep working We just don't play it So as Bush is okay, I mean we can we can not bush though all we want can we yeah So hard and as of this morning All right, well we'll keep doing that please. Yeah, and we will thanks a lot, pal Yeah, the condolese is story never really got told very well That's because most of the people in the local media that was a major major story We were threatened with just all kinds of everything short of death if we continue playing that and kiss a Good morning on air the rest of Tucson song both of which we played 80 billion times when people from out of town come in and they want a silenced use See this is what's going on American now threats Threats oh, if you play that you're gonna get fired. Okay, well guess what I'm not gonna play it Yeah, we have a squad to fire you to Yeah, they old fire and squad you're fired 567 05 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQA and hello QL yes sir Beauty Yeah I want to get the inside. Yeah, right. I know you are and me too Then he's 146 all of garden 104 Apple me 77 and by the way for you sir, where's Jack Ruby when you you Waffle out 72 I have 62 and the red lobster well-sellong drop off to the red lobster and pizza all over there I have an hell of a battle 37 10 before 2 thanks again to the mad dog he demands We're sports video 560s you a option Filming little Easter world Will be him total I'm a people guild with the gas that we sold him. First time a grister nation and they only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going. Forget about Korea and the nooks there toast you never. Right queen is drilling it over and over and over to our head. That Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. 3,000 people knew. Our now forgotten let's exploit them and stand. Hey there's oil to be gone. Going after symptom to play Keto's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in loudest but no it's even turned off. The complete and complete is believe in every word of this cartel. It's been a station that controls us by fear through the innerman population and the right wing is drilling it over and over and over to our heads. That Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. The loss of civil rights is done. Right that we're paying. We're all suspects now and up the ash crop is there. I have nothing to hide. The table partners all are saying that I know being a cattle don't have any reserve region. Now the crock of Babylon world annihilation. Old regime must fall and have a virgin and stoke with no objection at all. Tell the crackstone how the fall has a right wing is drilling it over and over and over and over to our parade. Watched past. I racked past. Wet things of past destruction. Now only I racked past. Wet things of past destruction. 156 to 5. There she goes. I'm down. I'm down. I just get an email. I said nothing in the sword. Just whoa calm down. A little bit. And says please call me another spleen. Well I'm going to lunch. So I'm not going to call you now. Maybe later but I doubt it. Just he's doing a magnificent job. Everything is fine. Just do anything's under control. Right. He tends to get a little bit emotional. I said nothing in the sword. What did I say that he said? There was some kind of an audition. I just didn't understand his email. Was he even clarified or not later on? We got a long weekend of anything's fine. Just fine. Well speaking of weekend. Don't forget to tune your clock ahead one hour tomorrow night. I'm going to be saying that to remind myself. I'm going to be saying a head fall back all of that crap. Two o'clock in the morning Sunday morning which means two o'clock tomorrow night. When you go to bed tomorrow night, turn the clock ahead now. We're turn all the head please. Now here's the deal. Here's what we got. And you know another thing I was thinking while I was playing. Now that we got Rick Shaw helping out in the mad dog and duck. And you and me. And Greg. And who? Greg. And Greg of course. I don't think that the public out there should have to. I mean we welcome their support. But they're not the ones that should have to do this because the people who work in the industry. If they don't care enough to send their very best and like to protect their own livelihood, then why not show you the public here. This is what always I wondered. But in days for the public as well. Oh no. I agree with that. It is for everybody. But I think first and foremost, it should be the people around this business. Who ought to say, hey, let's try to do something. Let's let's scream in yellow and I just take it the roll over and play dead. Because there's no end in sight. Where does it stop? Where does it stop? Is it stop? Is it stop at the satellite TV and radio? No. And I'm telling you what they got in mind. And they've already said it once again. All of these things buttoned down and they're going to work on the internet. These are the thought police, the word police, the fascist police call them whatever to hand you one. It's unacceptable. It's not based on any kind of real law. And they're just making it up as they go along. And because you got two weak need political parties were crapping in their pants who are terrified of supporting what they would call smud during an election year. And because you know, after a so I have for a cent of 1500 signatures, when you saw what happened when after did the same thing on the house. Okay. The next day the house passed the indecency bill. 390-122. That's how much cloud the people of Africa have got. 390-122. So, you know, their help is welcome and they can do whatever they want with the cent but at the same time, I think a million signatures would have a little bit more cloud than 1500 letters from the people on after. You catch my drift. I caught it. And we got to help us start there. Thanks to Scott, 145,000 plus signatures on those petitions on stopFCC.com. And all we're trying to do is just to help him to raise enough money so we can promote that website. So people around the country can open up USA today one day and say, hey look at this. Here's a thing all about what they're doing to freedom of speech and the first amendment. And while of our favorite people are going off the air and why we can't hear a damn f***ing anywhere in a radio and on TV. The weather have an nervous breakdown about Janet Jackson's booby on there. See, this is how tragic it's become. We're blowing people away. There's your kids. There's your friends, your kids, your neighbors, your nephews, your grandson's whoever, your brothers. They're the pictures of all these slaughtered kids over there being butchered every day and all theists at a rackies hit a being butchered every day. For no good reason at all. Unbelievable. And a public sits back and says nothing. And is willing to accept this fascism, this creeping crap that's going on in this country? All based on the excuse of, we saw a little booby on TV there for a second and a half. How stupid can a public possibly be? How lazy can a public possibly be? How much crap can a possibly take? What's the scale? You say, fat boy, come in again. So anyway, I help us out of what we can do. Just click on the arraggies to come when you're through looking at the Jerry Hallowel's triple booby do a shot there and get on their stop by FCC dot US. Not come with these 750 from the average and Greg 487276. 4872 and 750 looks like the now going over a little bit too bad. 56 20 and of course on Q56 that sounds appropriate. Bye bye. Bye bye. And the weather show unficed. We'll need you later. May I have a four-light day off. We did it.