Come here! What the fact is that we're here? We're feeling back and back and rolling and cheese That holds it to be a key, a key, a key, a key, a key, a key That just goes out of there alone, can you? What's that real, what's up to the lack of the world? What's that real, what's up to the lack of the world? You may get us over and play, by leaning out there gun Won't wipe us in a white-foot snow with frictions with bones All is up to be, a pale end of their truck won't wipe us in a white-foot snow with frictions with bones To the standing needs and sit back out again in your room And watch it all down with a 12-pack of food Live a life of bored of hunger and a few booze Gotta reach my love on the floor Ah, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I'll never know what the little guy's gonna do If he had hurt the little guy's gonna do I don't blame you Twenty-six after ten to sad day for the world boys and girls But you know what life goes on, we'll just keep playing right along, you know? Praise Jesus Praise Jesus, baby, that's what we've been going wrong You know, then four million evangelical Christians who stayed home because of bushes And they were going to live back four years ago That was review only a matter of days before the election They said, oh, he ate for us, he's a sinner Right now four years later that he cleaned up a Zack night booze it up No more allegedly or snort normal or coke Even though he's sinning kids off to be filled every day And killing innocent Iraqis and other people All these things, you know, he was a wall in the Guard all of these things He's a good critic, he's one of us, baby He's a good coach, they got out there four million evangelical Christians We'll all end up there Here they are, you people in the media man, you're crazy people You've got any idea what you're talking about, the is it pulling Krab Again, way and John Zagbie man, shirt him off about Can be somewhere real much of men, but any idea what they're talking about If you're a whole song in the answer, oh, five or five Clark Zagbie told this, uh, he's gonna win with him And they're loving life for a whole piece, he's gonna win Try and cure your decorating, so I'll be at my piece of Nutby Raleigh, okay? Or maybe just put some Nutby Raleigh. The whole bunch of men, they don't know their ass from your elbow. So we're going to do both races already, right? Yeah. Oh yeah. Let's go now, we'll get to something to do, cause some time, cause we don't officially get into the show at 11 o'clock. And at that point, we've not all the bush lovers calling. Oh you, how do you like it now, Neil? How do you go, Neil? Yeah. Well, we still get paid on time, you know? Once in a while, on time. For the time bit, within a few days, I kind of like the election results, you know, if you don't get it my election day, who isn't there within a few days, you'll know what's going on. Like our paychecks, till this stuff is at a box car. Okay, right now, I want to tell you about my friends of guaranteed mortgage backers in dear field, be to the lower 275 different mortgage programs available to them. They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is. There goes that crazy phone again, by the way. They recently helped out a listener of ours who never thought he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home, not only were they able to qualify him, they were able to present him street options as they'd have a mortgage he could get and they were close to the rhythm to determine which was best and then they made it happen. guaranteed mortgage bankers, column in dear field beach toll free, it's 1-800-734-6616, where they're looking for an interest only loan a 30-year fixed rate, or one of the many low rate adjustable mortgages, guarantee mortgage bankers in dear field beach has what you need. The offer payments as low as 32 bus gravy, 100 grand your borough folks. guarantee mortgage bankers in dear field beach can make it happen as far as having a good time for you too, not just your mortgage because they'll even send you out of cruise. That is correct. If you close your loan with these folks guaranteed mortgage bankers dear field beach, you can choose one of six different seven-night cruises, compliments of dear and team mortgage bankers. Will you look into purchase in your home and investment property or just refinance debt current mortgage, you're going to want to do business with these folks. They're great. Call 1-800-734-6616, run the wicked web at scleronteedmorgivesbankers.com or their future dislike family. guarantee mortgage bankers in dear field beach can 1-800-734-6616. guarantee mortgage bankers in dear field beach can make it happen as far as having a good time for you too. So, we said before we had a private tab to make those of it live in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a win over the uber back then and we had a running too and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in dramas and we had a good time in the gym and we had some very usaby regions and we had a huge time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good timeout and we had a 12 year time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym so we had a good time up in the gym and we had a good time in the gym and we had a good time in the gym. It's 1035 25 before 11 at 5 60 WQ and we got the mad dogs you made it to 2 we got the Humphrey the bumper at 4 hankle bur we got yelty at Smokey bones in Boca at 7 o'clock tonight That'd be real excited and it can't 10 no ball games no hockey games no games They just ain't nothing going on you know what plus we don't have the heat Yeah, so we just got a regular pristine schedule is there no nothing going on for a long time now baseball's over football Oh, like I said we ain't got nothing going on You call that a football team or a mole, man So we'll survive, but I think we need to re-examine our I mean there's no sense in bed or head against the wall anymore, okay? Right after they keep banging it with a baseball bed for first 50,000 times By the 50,000 first time you got a finally start getting a message like okay, let's try something else is ain't working I mean America's lost there. There's no question about that. US today is headed Country that a lot of us once knew would loved and cared about but quite frankly It's escaped us now all the religious nuts the right wing fanatics. They've taken it over See a car road we got a head of two and a letter. What you think what your politics are who you voted for who you rooted for They're really clever using that gay marriage thing under behind the scenes. They kept saying oh nobody really cares about that One and they tried that they're trial balloon there in the Congress that didn't go anywhere But behind the scenes man, see as soon as the exit pulling started joining this business about moral values was the number one It should be right most people then you started thinking of yourself Oh, there's a chigura that would pile here somewhere. Yeah And it checked that all out. What's that all about? Because nobody when I kept talking about well was either terrorism or Iraq or the economy or The Obama something but nobody said it was a moral values So this goes to joy again and that showed that they had on CNN for once I'm getting credit where credit is doing it's very rare in their case because there's very little real news on that and work But the timing of showing that thing about religious Religion and politics whatever they called it last weekend, which they showed about how many times That was what's that that's it you got the mesmerized masses out there baby God a point of George W. And of course that's a very scary thing which makes some of us very very happy that we spend a minimal amount of time in the USA Very minimal time. This enough to stay legal and that's it Pretty scary. So I think that from this day forward We've better stop a waste in our time and of course the election is they can scream and how are about all high I'm all glad that they just get it over with already. Okay, right? They got 135,000 vote lead. I kept waiting for and I said up till two something in the morning Wow Waiting and waiting and waiting for them to cut in that lead and You know, I was late most from Kyover County and Cleveland are coming in all and sharks is up there voted and from over here and over there And nothing ever happened And they kept talking to good game the Curious people and the only problem was just the Vowskept counting went from 110,124,135,000 They kept getting further and further behind So they can talk about provisional ballots and absentee ballots until the cows come on they lost And of course there those people I heard all kinds of stories a friend of my told me he voted in Florida yesterday And he punched the he punched the machine the first time carry in the nothing happened He punched it again and nothing happened. He punched it a third time and it registered bush And he called the pull worker over who I didn't know his answer my elbow and He's just cleared it and they started all over again and he punched English on the thing that came up in his final And so they're banging on that thing we get it back to English and finally voted for carry and hopefully maybe a counted who knows Yeah, so they're gonna be people talking about the fixes in you know what that's your America baby Where the whole world has to monitor because they don't trust a America for honest election anymore and keep in mind that the head of thy bull There was saying we're gonna deliver all high out of the president to president bush. That's what he said and guess what? Maybe that's what they did we'll ever know When you didn't what's computer's man there is no way there's no way to trace it Right That's it no paper trail nice and neat night and can you see who got reelected also as a Congress that again my site Oh Can't hear us oh There well so this idea that the people are really fired up and pissed off and they're gonna really yeah They showed up all right for the problem is a lot of the wrong people and that miss about the young people voting the 18 to 20 As see all of this crap that we were given and we said was a line of garbage There were tons of people showing up all right. They were highly motivated because the Lord told him to show up Jesus Christ right he probably told him to give my message He said here I'm gonna just like to ease as I'm gonna send you a message Right and That was it So the people are gonna line Cry well got stole of us you see when you're gonna win a lesson if you went by enough Video have to worry about things like that but the fact that I had a reason that they didn't and they wasted a lot of capital Right there doing and right after the democratic convention remember those these I'm doing the show now and I shouldn't be doing the way if you don't start to love it But I want to get this over with because in days to come we can go back to have a more fun Although we can't play any parts I'm gonna read the time jitter column from Saturday. Thanks to fat boy Thanks fat boy because I had missed that column from Saturdays has come sent me Hi, I'm telling I guess because I was out of time so I didn't see it Thanks by the way the Tom jitter for a very nice voice I don't know why he likes me so much and I thought I'd just like him. I just dislike what he writes because he always missed quotes Meaning good-sirving wrong, but he means well, you know, he's gonna benign Right He's bald and super he is bald. He is bald. He is bald. He's stupid. He admits that Here's the fact that says and and by the way don't send us any more gloating facts is all you bush all that When I'm interested because I could make it up here George is gonna not even read him anymore, but he's gonna shmicken you're one Congratulation I cry for us for the rest of the world all over the world are like in mourning now because only enough America ends are stupid enough to put this bozo back in the weekend a lot of people go to the diet And let's have a lot of innocent people are gonna die like I said you people have voted for Bush You got a lot of blood on your hands the only good piece and it was thanks to my good friend Steve Wolf and Pomp and O'Park There's a little bit of hope for something anyway because I can't watch him all night long that you know watching the votes on the amendments And it's kind of like Most of the time that there's a whole bunch of amendments or issues on a ballot people just go in may vote yes Yes, yes, yes, and they just go down the list But in this case they go to yes, yes, yes, I know everything including the first three which had no business having yes, and then number four Other than dating Broward and maybe Palm Beach they voted no overwhelming. We know Now I want you to think about how stupid that is, okay? These are a bunch and this bears out what I said about the religious men's being the ones who voted in droves yesterday Especially in a redneck state like Florida The Bible bumpers here. You're gonna give their kids you're gonna give them enormous amounts millions of dollars that it's giving up as they wise 67 counties It's in writing that you're gonna get that money every single year from the revenue from these slots But no, we don't want that because we're a board of Christians after all and they're gonna be able and you mama and unless it's search vingo God gets really pissed off I mean there is it There's no way it would have affected them in any way a certain a positive way if they don't ever want to come to date in proud I'm sure that most people in date and Barbie happy not to have them show up That's fine nobody's gonna reach out and drag them and put them on a bus and ship them in and drag them to the Pissina to the race track to the slots Just amazing but anyway the good news on it is that even though it looks like right now It's still behind by 68 hundred votes and I think Steve will for a fasting in this since about the only good Peace in his I had in the last 24 hours There's a missing 2% and he says it's a major factor because it's the absentee ballots per vaid Who yeah yeah and of course in maiden broward passed over well,ingly so What's the count those they're only 60 at 100 short? And then it says I have no idea when they're gonna be counting the absentee ballots in date County truly nice Of course we know that the history of that that's some very strange things happen. Yeah Like that fixed election on the metro rail many years ago that we live through some of us We know that election was fixed you're not full on us So I guess this all the pens on you know who's ox is being Gordon who's gonna sudden the Mickey so to speak and the who's Making damn true that we don't get those evil on our bandits and they're because they would be really bad for like Mickey Erison and for the Indians and for the Bahamas people and all the other special interests not because they're whole year The now but because they're predicting their own financial interest and they know that they're gonna lose a lot of money And when you're only worth nine billion dollars you can't afford lose a lot of money Says the lawyers will do good out for days after they actually count the votes as Steve Both me not go till next week, but we feel very strong for a very specific to where he says on Amendment four well, let's cross our fingers and legs on that so don't to despair on there But in that something once again passed overwhelmingly in maiden broward But the rest of the state keeps continues determining your fate what it's all about I'm thinking 2008 it's gonna be either jet bush or Rudy, Giuliani Right Rudy, don't take a Rudy one another. Maybe jab the house a bush And on the other side I don't I don't know idea Let's see it says why carry lost freaking kids sure when they're pressured by their peers to register when someone is in their face Asking them to get out the vote they step up to the plate But the selfish lazy a Dundum mama they want this guy dumb dumb dumb dumb As in president, dumbishment is that along the talk about stupid heat like this So this is well I did all I could for four years became a chemical junkier credit convince Unicited voters argued with right wingers mom myself in a state of hysteria and now it's all over day one You were lint just right controls our country and whoever wrote this is There's nothing I can do now. I can't spend other four years of political hysteria Making myself crazy I age date years in the last four I'm going back to 24 seven sports because there's nothing I can do about Iraq help insurance prescription drugs oil company Saliburton test rates for the rich lost jobs deficits The destruction of the environment censorship, but said what so I'm finished with it all day one I'm sick and I'm embarrassed to be an American says this fact you're honey like that And he's right we're gonna go back to 2047 sports What we need All of this political crap and all this other We're just farting into a windstorm we need a lot more that's it. That's what she's right man I'll get to that time jica article by the way when once the show starts official after you're loving a client Okay, and then we can talk about That's right, I'm forgetting we have several appointments for this hour What Scholars who booked appointments this hour and I'm random on and I really don't want to ramble I just just want to sit here and I say anything to them really I think enough sleep Right and And they know depressed, but I mean that oppression that we became obvious right after eight o'clock after they held up our hopes And then everything kind of like turned around it looked like real you four year for the anti bush crowd and then all of a sudden all I guess what we lied We lied The exit pulling people lied the pollsters lied all the navens lied the pundits They're for the crap. They don't know their ass from their elbow a lot of ass is not elbows. You know what I say? W Q a and hello Q a m Yes, sir. I got ass The amendments we need that we're gonna see less juice on the back of our faches Oh That was good. We need that you know And by my head to break the news to really ground an Andrea Mitchell and I said we see but the juice voting for bush was the reason that bush one Florida by about almost 400 thousand votes. Okay, you idiots I mean just the in-nine things that are being said they come back here. It's like the folks from Broward and from South Florida Honey, but County, and already they're trying to come up to come cocked reasons is the way bushes doing so much better this time They did last time and floor a dog Because them religious nurse baby Them Christian evangelicals. That's where it's all that The God squad the holy rollers the hypocrites to fully below me. They like a guy a gosh darn Bacok's not a sorter. They're having a ripstart and good time They'd like a guy that took his girlfriend and had an abortion Texas years ago. Girl for white to be abortion doctor paid for it Yeah, but he's been shaved. He's been shaved. That's why he's killed off all these innocent people But it's why he's gonna send your kids over there to die if not in Iraq and some other cockamy me wore that he and his new. He's just a puppet He's just a you know They got a bunch of puppeteers behind him there. You got your chain and you got wolfowits and Richard Pearl and rummits fell this crazy than a bedbug And then basically none of these things had anything to do with the Mark, we more all values and why where did that come from strictly the evangelical Christians baby? They own you WQA and hello That reall they really do a lot of good damage. WQA and hello. Yeah, I liked it QA and hello Yeah, I know yes, sir. What are you? In fact in our listing body and so carry one in landslide So it probably didn't do a lot of good. How you done sir? I'm thinking maybe if all carry speech would have kept a moshut He maybe would have came out one and what do you think if carries why? It's carry bitch that kind of loving hole. Oh, yes, but Teresa let a capture mouse shot that would have no Had nothing to do with it. Oh, I would probably imagine just like we went from french fries and french toast to freedom fries and freedom toast You have a way. Once catch you right we come very popular now no more hines no more hines WQA and hello You sir Are you also life hey Um, I want to make that I want to use what is it? Speak to me sir come on you can do it. Isn't it ironic that a woman that are fighting to give us Beautiful fiddles and so which can't you for? Okay new phone, okay. I think there's another idea that I want to get into bringing a new cell phone Of course, I'll be tapping it listen to it. It's got a direct line of Jesus WQA and hello Yeah, I do I do I do I'm great Can you hear me I hear you laden Loud in the mud with I'm trying to get a little quick your whole dog That's fine Oh, thank you so much. Why is my life is starting to love it a clock? I should have even officially started in my life. I have a thought I'd laugh again It is so sad What a Americans become And you wonder why the rest of the world is scared schmittless of America That's just because of one man This whole religious fananical thing in and I'll say it again like I said Monday and I said again yesterday I'm glad I say it Little BDI Lindsey Graham that Yahoo drew on South Carolina Republican he He inadvertently put his thumb right on it We're fighting religious fanatism that's not just in Iraq that's just in the middle of least not just in Afghanistan All over the world religious fanatics that in the beginning of our recorded time The religious fanatics the crazy people but killing people the hateful people I don't think I finished my thought before when I said they brought Carl Roe they put 11 it states Had the anti-game image thing on a ballot which we were hurt or kept here and that's not an issue with anybody Well of course will be born again. It's a big issue and guess what one of the states was that had it? Well I'll give you all of them And of course you meant this one by huge margins just like if there were heaven civil rights Can black people vote on a ballot in the South again wouldn't buy a huge margin. It's no we don't not a good idea Arkansas which we thought bubble was gonna put Carry over the top maybe didn't come close Georgia Kentucky Michigan now Michigan somehow by three points So I carry over came that probably a lot of sources in Detroit voted. Thank you Mississippi Montana North Dakota Oklahoma Ohio Utah, Oregon now I don't want to like be a gambling girl But I bet you that Greg reads life on it that if that wouldn't have been on a ballot on Ohio That might have kept a few hundred thousand board against the way They're highly motivated to come out and vote on something like that. We don't want no fat marriages here and like since an alley in The Queen City Ever been to lime all Ohio I keep asking that don't ever know see cuz Southern Ohio What's it get out of Cleveland? And then we make a couple of pockets here and there and of course not cool. I've been there now It's a jungle But It's just a tough place but the rest of that state forget about it So the fact that he came that closest kind of miraculous, but again, I think that the fact marriage thing on a ballot That's what put them over the top. So nice going cow a roll man He never found it. Actually couldn't steal he's got a long track record of that. He's the best Did you know we a lot of us hate him like poison and he would be doing to the country into the world, but nevertheless you got a hand in to him W2A and hello Me on John speaking Said even the world baby. Yes Yeah, our out at on the other day a cool friend members and he's asking them about the claim that he thought it was almost that a business And the guy said no it's going underground people are tired of losing their jobs And you know, especially the clothes going underground and it really cheats on me at the step It was going all with our government. Yeah, it's a secret underground claims religious comfort public freaks It's bad. I mean I'm 30 years old I have a son that's dead and I'm so scared for our country Where to go now most of Vancouver maybe you're loving there It's good. It's gonna get worse. I guarantee I can't believe they can't see the trunk Yeah, no, but you said they can't see the trunk. What are they gonna do about it? I don't think they care. I think they're just scared Homestrophies are not getting married as long as got out there They don't care about the other health care about how many of these are these are the our lot of these people are the Armageddon crowd They think that all the stuff is happened now is it's good. It's good. So right as it was you know, it was four cans Absolutely don't go anywhere that bushing they're paying for it. Well, we're we're in big trouble I can't see you within the next four years. We're gonna be even more divided country and it might come to civil war at one point. Well, you know what you said I said at the other day. It's America's now two different countries. You got the living and breathing people And you got the hypnotized board against who know he used to be the lunatic fair friend Jennifer Right and now they're running the country. They take it over And I don't know how much longer a guy like me could take it in the half-hour country It's gonna get to the point where we're gonna have to throw a line and if we have to you know to our neighbor We're always saying kill my neighbor something like that I found out come back you're a lot of control little over the top. Oh Although yeah Get these the ring us together the bushings. He's gonna bring America together He's gonna make this he's a compact and conservative He don't like him fighting Jews and farzers and tape and sees our son But that's just the way it goes boys and girls. It's a bitter pill to swallow But swallow it Yeah, I Okay, well, we're gonna not gonna do that to love it. I'm all right I'm a candidate. We start doing the regular show. I already got such a headache like you wouldn't believe I'm half the call and signal. Oh I just didn't get enough sleep. I don't know why don't and I don't know why I stay up so too But then once I went to bed I couldn't sleep because I keep getting up and running in the other I have a TV in my room, but it's a crappy TV so I ran into living room and turn it to so in huh Mm oh I'm all through the street, the window, my heart All the things that take us up Down into the pitfall All I saw deepness All the things that take us up All the things that take us up I'm signing over here, music games We're just getting back into the box of things with the government since a level of four or five 60 WCAM, a moderate Wednesday to the end of November third, the day after The debacle Okay, yesterday on a pool, we did the thing about which state do things that have the greatest impact And the top two of course, Florida or Ohio, which you had to ask back with Because Florida was very, really close, it's part of the fact that CNN was just This really hanging on because they didn't want to get burned again, so they waited and they waited And I have no idea why they waited I mean, just simple math when you're 200,000 votes ahead, there's like about 20,000 votes to count It's just somewhere along the line, there's always the way to be all that nervous See what I'm saying? Look at that, there he is Oh my god, it's just scary, you know? He'll be nicer this time around No he will not, he's not working right But you know, he can do it with impunity, you don't have to face the evoters again So he and his neocons can do whatever they want They already said that, they were talking about that yesterday All of crap that end of course now they got picked up and other seem to send it Although it's still pending because the many castes thing is all pending a week count Look how much better she didn't Florida then carried it Now how do you explain that? I must be the anti-huryo factor up with all the midnix I need Mel Martinez, although we have one said Bobby Martinez was the governor Maybe the right thing is going to do it on the ground Mel has a discernible strategy accent and Bob had a good ol boy accent Bob was like Dracula Anyway yesterday's pool, what's the point we even talking about? Or Florida and Ohio they said that's where it was going to be Ohio was it and still continues to be And if you believe that Carrie's going to make about 135,000 votes deficit would be 45,000 votes in Provision It's just pointless, I don't know what they're doing And the weather doing this It's over, you lost John And I can start in this sabie for but I don't want to waste a good material before I let it in Fuck if they would have really started it Howard Dean would have been the candidate he did one by 15 points Because even with all these evangelical Christians who came out from me the difference nationwide like crazy I inspired that Dean would have motivated enough other people and then the young people really would have showed up Who we got we were told they were going to show up did they show up? Oh no, they did not Do you know that even mother Tucker Carlson predicted that Carrie was going to win by two points? Hmm, how do you like that? Yep Everybody got bum information on exit pulling we got sucked in And I'm sure for Tucker Carlson it wasn't the first time Here's a fact this says the world is we the world first to be the curtain today is And we Thompson Who? And the Thompson was born in Dayton, Ohio baby, which is perfect with all Ohio And the center of attention right now and don't ever go to limo, Ohio nothing would be fine And then to get out of limo She was born January 6th, 1960, Mr. 44 Sometimes credit is Andrea Thompson Kelly Rebecca Andrew Thompson or just plain old Rebecca Thompson Here's some of her flicks Rockets red glare sweetheart swindlers lost valley and countering the third dimension I think we're having an encounter in the third dimension right now A car of Donna Carbland Captain's swimming in a space monkeys Speaking of smirking the ships they have a lawn five, the lyrious all but these are all perfect for today She was on Falcon crest I got it your favorite Lorenzo Llamis was on Falcon crest back in the day when he used to look really really good Do not tell him I'm a planet earth hot splash wall street man hadn't jive low and number we can And also she was in mother Her your mama She's been in tungest up Anyway, here's a fact that says we want to give today's poll the L will do days poll first Which applies to your feelings about the luxury resolve? That's our poll question today Glad it's over And it is over even though you know Yes, it's over So a title If you're a little bit more static in different Please pissed off or what result for those who still are a little unsure I think I covered and I wrote this before now went to bed What applies to your feelings about the luxury resolve? Glad it's over suicidal as in that version we met with a fully loaded gun Extantic in different please pissed off and what result? But in other words in any overture also around what a ray It's over Here's a found that now the garbage sensors under it's really overall one why do we have this? Roby was right Holy moly we are doomed Yeah, and I want to say this to you because it sounds like you know I come sit here in Toronto looking out at a beautiful sunny day when it's only 43 degrees The number is that sunny. No, it's beautiful and America's doomed You are doomed In fact right there is Arnold Arnold is Governor California. What does that tell you? You got a two-bit movie actor who can't have been speaking but it's true is the government a largest state in the country and then you got a A bozo a dimway a smoking chimp Who's younger than sonos and of course if you're a good religion is like all these evangelical persons that voted yesterday You got to respect the guy that wears a hidden wire so they can be coached in three debates and break the rule in line through this This is all of it. Yeah, that's right. He says that But Jesus was under that jacket Jesus Christ. That's who was hiding in there because Jesus can take any form he wants You know what I sometimes sometimes sometimes the virgin Mary appears on the side of a bank building like in Congress, Georgia or up there in Panhandle See these are they hallucinatory lunatics the crazy just meet up. I just made up thing. There was never any such thing And then they yell and then of course they started Richard Vigory in the mailing lists and they got them all you know And then of course the TV Advanc list and he's swaggered and the Pat Robertson with a 700 club and then Jan Paul Croch Paul and know something about Croch is and not necessarily female And all these other Graham And it's just just snowballed in this drug and the fact that he called Pat Robertson a liar and full Pat Robertson There would be any casualties if we invaded Iraq that didn't seem to face these people in the least There's pat in the way right he's small potatoes Jesus told the WD to go in there and do it. That's what it's all about Jesus himself told WD he's inspired by God You know and it sure is hell's not No, we did a fine job here ourselves. Didn't broaden Palm Beach to just fine Yeah, I checked the county by county. So this business. Well, we had more on it chronic regular that mouth breathing jack asked Yeah, we did really well in fact if we could have been on all over the country, which is when we get to that jica calm something to think about Could have probably been in fact, you know it Because most people unfortunately were not exposed to all of those stories all of the facts all of real stuff was going on All they do is watch the have them that's spoon faded them especially by CNN and Fox right way Nazi news and MSNBC with nobody watches anyway And now that Fox has such great success for last year and a half it's been the other to why make any pretence anymore The fox logo now on Fox news just ought to be a swastika. You know, just a twisted cross just stick it on it. You know how all the never said their little emblem the logo in the screen put it in the corner there What a fight the ex a little bit of fool anybody. That's right. Maybe actually to a twisted cross. Yeah, good idea A fact that says the world as we know it has come to an end The religious right will end women's rights it eliminate free speech and force gays into hiding will avoid persecution We can only hope that the news lesson to the Supreme Court will be moderate enough. Oh, yeah Not a temporary wife in the Constitution entirely. I for one period legacy will have to leave our children Now the apartments are not going to be moderate in fact. They made it very clear especially not that they expanded or leading the Senate But it put it all right wing judges man. They're going to go ahead and do their thing now the now they think of the keys to the kingdom Let me do even poor town dash a lot there in South Dakota. He took it right in the old keys to you know, yeah What are the some crossing outs? I've almost got the last brick in the South Cross that already For a thousand thousand calls today. We already took some really like a prank. I thought maybe was April one You know every year about my birthday time which is Friday You're your bad things happen. So I think it would take off huh? It's true. It's all yeah. I think that's what anybody in fact. That's why so many people die in the birthday like my died right out of ninety first birthday And everything she made it that long is just to make me a liar because I could say 90's old enough or her well guess what I'll show you yeah And then she went there and that was it 11 13 while sure twice you don't have to see this man. That a great rationalization The bad mod don't have to be around to see what we just witnessed this last 24 hours and are still witnessing now Senator Kerry calls bush to conceive There you go. We'll put that on little bit senator Kerry just considered If you want to know more about boy, we're on top of stuff. You know it. How is he gonna keep in touch You don't know times you're commandy real good stuff about me. I'm gonna read that when we come back from Saturday's column and he's got a very good point You see when when the people you work for don't appreciate what you do when they preach a light crap and jerk you're all around You're not too inclined even though I made we made a very nice offer and then to extend for two more years a few weeks ago But you know when you're dealing with textual and children who act like overgrown us for a branch. It's kind of hard to do business with people like that. So thanks for doing me a very big favor Greg 14 passed 11 a few way and have you want to know more about following a low carb ride if you want the best tasting Vigus lesson of low carb foods at the best price a story you will absolutely fall in love with it's the lights of us Bokeh because the entire store is dedicated to use all you fat folks out there Whether you're starting or restarting the act in the sugar busters the South Beach any low carb sugar free night The lights of us poker continues to be the number one low car store in South Florida where you get variety things with some taste things to keep you on that straight And they're or pan if you wanted to business with people who are off of the friendly knowledge if they have about low carb dining Give you the lowest prices in town and this is the place your low carb headquarters Delights of my spoke where you'll find over 1200 products and stock like carbolite ice cream breads and pasta choppers brownies cookies and lots more They're open every day seven days away 10 a.m. to 10 in the PM and you'll find you lies on the northeast corner blades in 441 right next to Boston market Call them full free in 1 8 7 7 low carb with us with a W everything now is going to be with a W run away with spoken arm back time don't forget there's only one deal I saw with Bokers your official atkins retail centers I was never for anything is there's just something in here I don't know okay we'll play this I think we had a worry about any words in here because I couldn't understand it. I got inspired to play that because I got a fancere system and a boost step along circle your church and stockpiling guns I'm going to protect my trailer from them Muslims families Jews starches and queries does they sports is it's got the N word which are certainly not going to read I see better watch of Paners reruns now because in the four years I'll center HP how it's going to settle like radio in January 2005 how long till he sent to that too I'd say a few minutes I'll excuse me while I go vomit this fact of the I'm going to mess now interestingly enough don't play in my the sharks is just a poor man for this election turn off because it's the nice thing that it wasn't going to happen all at though he's going to get double the vote Among blacks well didn't happen Bush was doing as poorly with glasses he did last time getting only about one in ten his performance with black voters in 2000 was the worst for any Republican presidential candidates is very gold water got only 6% and 1964 against LBJ carry also led among his fanning voters But the gap was closer and Bush made some progress on that front getting 40% of their votes are a bit higher never they said he need to get at least 30% of the Latino vote nation right you got 40% Iだ about 1540 but for his panics About half the margin outjor은呀 2020 Wow Time 220 yes So we got the voll master What that was the suspicion the fact you make and that bushundo methodology I don't think the actualiro bayi is going to. Onezukoi not Yeah, and always worried the other ones I guess that's the big one There was owner not that he ever had a chance to ever call a battle lost all those But and I don't see the relationship between well, maybe it was a Catholic thing You know, maybe the local priest told them that we got a jet peaky party we got a baby killing Liberal that you better vote against most of it I'm gonna say it again how or dinner I think would have said because she how would deemed it? It couldn't have nailed him right with that washing thing number Yeah, he was against the war right from the beginning They couldn't have nailed him with all that swift vote stuff Which is just unbelievable that anybody bought in that but nevertheless it enhanced impact sure And they could never have nailed him on that business about voting for it and against the 80s and billion for the troops because he was Never remember the Congress so he didn't vote for or against it So how I think you would have kicked ass and right from the beginning he would have come out Taking the gloves off and really kicked ass as a pie as opposing To what they did during the gap to the convention. Oh, we're not gonna do that We're not gonna go on the attack and they come to fight out and America love the attack hands Yeah, even the talking his role talking about that last couple of days That's what they liked little pee and vinegar whatever goes with that vinegar. It didn't Vim and vinegar. That's right But St. Justin give it I mean it came on strong their toward the end, but they ran out of steam and of course it's kind of and then of course suck it up to that same thing about well his faith and the devout this and about In case you just tell them it is over Terry called bush to concede and say you want to do miserable bastard and Terry of the liver's Mars 원 a clock in Boston. I'm not gonna put it on. What was the point? Be boring, right? Yeah, I mean maybe two or three words like I lost. Well, there's a jab put him on a boat with a big hole in it with his wife, Titanic junior Would his wife with his smuggling wife? I think it's local her along. Yeah, I'm gonna tell you when it comes to moral values family values The bush family's got them all beat just ask kitty Kelly searching all about it bankrupt They're Nazi grandpa and of course the great five this functional family that your fat ass governor has got with his daughter when we had and It's something that's driving around to a wheelie's in his girlfriends parking lot's going off his ass They're okay that screw in his road around the road daylight in the in a car in a parking lot of the shopping They're on sale of a nasty and the wife that smuggles stuff in don't want to pick a Arizona because she don't want to allegedly It doesn't want her husband or the cheese running out the credit cards is it the bush family's got a financial problem so driving president right Grunk proud in president toksnorton president right drunk president abortion by in president but hey but hey Did you say but hey I did well maybe reconciles will be on today. I could use the day off. I'm sorry I'm going home. Oh, I'm trying Which applies to your feelings about the election result? Oh, we got 27 votes pissed off 83 suicidal 73 flat it's over 17 and it is over what was all 15 see those people voted before they realized the cure Consulate Exit at 11 in different five please three so ecstatical please you got 6.7 percent 6.7 percent well they're not with us anyway. They totally written us off now you've everybody those all are good You know I really couldn't care less. I just couldn't care So of no consequence to me anymore. I mean what they've done to us in the show anyways like criminal there are people on death row for lesser crimes It's time you can point out in a common gonna get to Where is it I'll get to it after the break Little Tommy jicker did I always say nice things about Tom jicker As a chef of the fact that he misclosed me every time you know I ever speak to which is why don't talk to him and I did not speak them for the start of all by the way He just got inspired to write it I guess you only bad thing ever said about jicker was Which is true and he would be the first one to tell you that But other than that he never stole a free train. Okay, we'll get to that column he wrote on Saturday and a little bit about the show And yeah, let's let's kind of segue away from all of these aggravating things give people a little more on me. You know I'm saying a little more meet on the bone Okay, 26 times bigger that we got to what's your name? We got Andrea Thompson there on our website today and behind the beauty curtain you might want us to there and just stare at it all day and take your mind off all these other depressing things Just stare at it and the picture too Let me tell you right now you don't want to stare at your carpeting if it's what's he man because it's embarrassing But even people that are relatively clean vacuum irregular their carpet still gets you see because the fact that it might or is your family Everybody is in and out your guest They're they're stomping stuff into the five is your carpet which is not good In fact, hopefully you don't see all the dirt that's down in there, but it's in there trust me just like in ragu. It's in there So when you come to cleaning your carpet do yourself a big favor. Don't slip home. How do you come in from the store? Don't open up the yellow pages and play Russian roulette call the experts in carpet Famous people have used in my homes for over 20 years now drive concepts call them today and sanitize your home Whether it's your carpeting your furniture your drape or expensive area and or Yamoruz They'll do a job like you wouldn't even believe and you never have to worry about getting ripped off by dry concepts Either because they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start to you really can claim today and entertain the night There's nothing like a truth thing So pick up that phone and call dry concepts you'll be mighty pleased you did and you'll never use anybody else ago a basic legs life on that too And they'd route in the Palm Beach is column full free 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071 for dry concepts that best in the business making carpets clean 19 in South Florida since 1979 that's what I said I'm a 30-year-old Some of you people just don't know what to say when John Kerry's already called El Presidente's already Conceited that he lost he's making these speech official at one o'clock Okay, okay, but here's some of the factors that we're getting don't give up yet Please see and ensure security voters still going up And then it says we fresh this link every 10 to 15 minutes the votes are still coming in It's just when a 20 thousand votes were carrying about 10 minutes They're still counting days absentee votes and they're still counting out higher while in the west to cope So I want to west to go aren't relevant and either case they have nothing to do with anything You only state that would have put either candid or the top so many had a little higher because I was only got 11 electoral votes and no Exit goes got five so that's 16 So need the one would have put the either one over the top because bush had 254 or no, you know something wait a minute I was got what I say I'm made a mistake. I was got seven in a month so five so that's 12 So what a put in bus you 266 or carry 264 they're not relevant The only thing that counted was who one oh, Ohio and here's another facts Ohio vote hinges an absentee professional votes that says this article here Why is Kerry considering if the count is an official for love more days because they've done the math okay dummy? That's why but this is one of our chronics. You know, it's just sad It's not good news for a lot of us, but you have to accept it. That's it by hooker by crook whatever it is over when you're hundred and thirty five thousand votes behind and you've got a hundred and seventy five thousand other absentee and provisions are balanced to count just do the math If you want 140 thousand of the 175 thousand yeah There any chance in a word is going to get 140 thousand of them first not Crazy people I guess they just though it weren't good at math 56705 60 pound 560 only Verizon singular wireless lines. Let's take a hundred thousand calls today All I did say was gonna be in the time jick a column I will W Q a and hello Q a m Yes, I'm just calling the topic new speaking I know this is just Early border for Kerry I'm just saying that even though You saying that John, you know how it's a matter of many different you look at it statistically It's not that big of a difference it's how big it would have met it if it was being a Kerry if you don't carry made a lot of The sticks in the campaign It's just so close. I think it would have made that big of a problem. Let me ask you this how about if we we do it over again We give it a try Dean in the somebody how's that? Oh, I'll go for that Let's try that one next week. Okay, pal. Okay, yeah, okay hanging there Sean facet and says the time for discussion is end of the time for finger pointing is begun We again have an honorable man who's a lousy boring candidate every time he had a microphone in front of him We're an interview. He just repeated the same tip at sound bites everyone and all ready for that correct Check out our record monday will do caucus gore and carry the salmon x squad You got a tron working Americans who vote for the right wing want to be abused like a better wife will keep returning to return Mitter the religious writers running through this country like a freight train except this train Stuff to pick up past news to the cattle cars in the way to camp My prediction for a rack name and his lawnmower state with severe law within the year imagine the Taliban with oil on an army of millions strong God save us from religion say Sean what you are absolutely correct Anyway, let's try it again I'll tell you who else really was useless as as breast on a bull frog And that's John Edwards What I said after is debate with cheney? You know everybody said all he wanted debate he was weak. He was all he and all kept right up to the end That's all he could do was just you know give those sound bites the talking points You know the same old three by five card cliches. That's all he ever did he didn't bring anything to the table Did you hear even come close to winning or throw line a no South Carolina anywhere in the South no So what the other thing and nothing that more and that more on his look which I think a lot of people were afraid They scared of that to that thing. It looked like a chunker to me Looks like a big ugly thing And believe me trust trust somebody who would have seen a few of those there's nothing worse than a big ugly thing And anyway I would get a bunch of calls and then after the next break we'll do the jikka column Time had some pretty interesting see the good thing is I don't have to deal with any of the response inside the building the bad calm I just I do what the audience know I was not an interview with that cuz I never talked to time anymore But once every five years I speak to Tom What was it I spoke to him about the last time? I don't know I always about the SEC about the censorship thing. Oh That was a few months ago and he was quoted me on that badly and You know created a problem and I just I don't need no problems Because I think eventually all of our problems will be solved you know me no Just like the guy father said Let's see Kevin says if you can't beat him join him I just become a fat hitting warm-on-green church going Cool is what Kevin says Well, let's wrong with being a fat hitting warm-on-green church going Kevin's a whole lot of company out here. We don't want those fat marriages. We want to protect the institution of a marriage between one man and one woman Right Pretty sad and I wonder why the rest of the world looks at Americans is holy crap. They're all saying oh my god. Oh brother I'm just looking at my window. I see there are people with the candles. They're sitting shibby out there and street corners all over Toronto No all over Canada and all over the west of the free world They just can't believe this that any company could be so stupid so ignorant But they often say that people get what they deserve you know Yes, they do the problem being that the half of the country that doesn't want any part of that they also Gonna have to get the consequences and their kids are also gonna have to be sent off to die in Contrary wars and that's the sad part. I say all the people have voted for Bush left their kids go off to war How's that sure there you go right? All the rest of the people that they want to need part of this religious nightmare that's going on this exercise and superstition and fantasy They can like just be left alone until I go to camp and take a nice shower Clean up their act 21 before noon at five 60 WQAM I argue horse racing and poker player fans Toppo park racing and poker resolve a gambling action you could possibly handle okay To just a half a mile from both I-95 in the turnpike Toppo park is easy to get to invest in all toppo park features free admission and free general parking every day Live harness racing in the poker room is open now three days a week Wednesday Friday and Saturday Poker starts at noon goes on some midnight and live racing gets underway nightly at 725 tonight and every Wednesday Friday and Saturday Every Wednesday Friday and Saturday the poker room features termination with special Texas hold them and seven cards step-turnments starting at noon Don't miss out on our dollar night Wednesdays like tonight with draft beer soda hotdogs and more just a bucket piece starting at 6 p.m Toppo park is also open every day for life seven days and nights a week for the best in harness Durban Highlight action fall across North America Freedom watching punch your guts on and best of all most important of all only 47 thousand 520 minutes left until the first free spaghetti dinner night on Monday December 6 market on your sleeve Monday December 6 Free spaghetti a pomp and a park as pomp and a park a box out of a 904 bar and power line road for the currations schedule You can call him 954 972 2000 or check them on a wicked way of a topo park dot com Mainly this George blossoms of a I don't know what I was trying to do. Hey, Mow, look at this here. It's a weird artifact. It looks like a toy. Yeah. It's here. Ian Frank's toy. Yeah, let me look at that. What's that saying in the bottom, Dad? Uh... Peck boy. Hey, somebody's going to put a pack out of the... What the fuck? What the fuck? Dad? You're so mean. You're not your girl. What the fuck? This parade will save you, no? Oh, I'm an aya, Frank. I beg you. Oh, thank you. Thank you so much for coming. And welcome to my... I'm sorry that drumming sound is coming from somewhere. Yeah, I just don't know what it is. There's a dead beat. Oh, well, never mind that. Won't you join me? Dad, don't mind about the... What are you drinking, Mow? No, have a... A tip. I'll get my houseboy to get it. Oh, Carlot. Yes, Mr. Reed. A jab for my friend here. Right away, Mr. Reed. Or would make that extra pink? Will you be a... Mr. Reed. Frankly, I prefer a nice tea or a tea. You can't... You can't hang that. The time. And it's a nice slave I meet, Dad. What is it, no monocone? No hardly. It's a tie boy. What do you mean, high-bboy? Here. Slap the tender underbelly. Hi, yes. I, yes, palies. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! You'll miss the gently. That's part of the asthine. There. Round. And chewy. Sort of like a... A miser. Go Carlot. Yes, Mr. Reed. Look at the fear of yours to work. And start crushing off those plates, William. 14, go to the 560-WQ-A-M. Let's... Just keep your chin up, okay? This, I can't think of what it's always did. The burnin' says, I think it's time to prepare for the new 5th Reich. Please make a plus to make it worse. We still have to deal with Jeff Bush after these four years have gone. Wow, good luck, you. Okay, burnin'. I have a good time, man. Let's see. Here's what it says. I want to reading the world. I see we get, we've given so much bullcraft, so much bad information. And of course, that's your mercenini for you. I once again, they don't know their answer from your armpit. From your giblets. I really want to know where all the new registered voters went. We're taking off, of course, to go to Kerry. I'll make it very short, this fact. Since this vote was not so much forebush as it was against Kerry. I think that Democrats, for the second time in the world put up a very weak candidate. I don't especially like Bush, but I couldn't vote for Kerry, it says. Don't especially like Bush. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I just can't relate to this, the mentality that we're dealing with here. Okay, like it's some kind of a game, like it's a football game. Sure. In this and people are dying every day. But again, Kerry blew up when they hold the racking. You didn't handle it properly from the beginning. Well, he has no plans. I'm pulling this out of the Darryl. I say Dennis gets sentage man. Lisa, we're in some good common. All right, maybe not the best here. Maybe they'll sharpen it. We're in an avid tree. Yeah, I'll sharpen it with a kick to mass. We're in an avid tree, says the donation when NBC are clearly right. Wingers, Katie, correct. Send reporter, Kevin Tibbles to the Dellian Chicago oil and I'm taking Katie sent anybody anywhere they produce into the show. Kevin Tibbles to the Dellian Chicago, where if I'm not correct, Kerry Transposed that is correct by a huge margin. Correct as Tibbles to get responses from some of the customers. The reporter conveniently found a Republican Congressman who refused to acknowledge any division in the country. The report next question they financial analysts who could only load about the stock market surge and they call that news. She and line NBC and today. Absolutely correct. And CBS. Absolutely correct. And ABC. Absolutely correct. And CNN. Absolutely correct. And NBC. Absolutely correct. And especially. Absolutely. Absolutely correct. And especially. Absolutely correct. Fox Nazi news. What other news? No. That's it. This back here is like, I don't know if Dan's trying to like convince himself that life is worth living out of him. Dan and Miami Beach says the positive side of the election. Is that it says the message to the rest of the world that democracy works. People can have different opinions and peacefully conduct an election. The outcome may be of the support of the police we have on. I personally look forward to four more years of a good source of humor. Yeah. All of them dead bodies is really funny in it. The all of those freedoms and people are losing. All of those people out of work. It's really great. It's a blast. I'm just trying to look on the bright side. Better luck next time. Okay. Can I get a brand? Let me get this down. Jacob is column. So time on Saturday were one of these things. Any other any scandal will do for channel seven. It's one of these. Here's what I really think thing. Well, you know, just as is the various stuff which is what I wish. I wish you write more about that. Have any right little more that about just puppies on the latest TV shows. They're going to be off by the time we read the column. First one's kind of interesting. He says WSPN can't be accused trying to break the. Even if it involves one. They're on. Now, at the end of the article, Tom says, I'm sure he saved the best for last, WQAM AM-560 faces a double whammy. When Howard Stern leaves for satellite radio at the end of next year, WQAM will be only about a year away from the end of the Oradriss contract. Roger's maintains he tends to retire, but he has said that before, only to extend his deal when sweeteners, such as the studio and his adopted home of Toronto have been thrown in. It might take more than that this time with Roger's doing a slow burn and having the start his show up with this respect when they treat your agent like garbage, when he going to temper tantrums and they've pout. I mean, who was a man right right right right right right right right right right on the heels of when Stern announced he was leaving and going to serious. Now, wouldn't you think did I say it to you off the air and on the air? You had any smart said all and your other main profits center, this show was saying, oh, I guess I'll stick around for another two years. We'll do a contract extension, nothing and nothing over and above that. There's just a few days more back in the summertime, few days more off, nine days I think it came down to a year. And rather than meet with your agent, goes into a temper tantrum because you didn't like the pull we were taking that day about who's gotten who's gotten through the worst of QAM, which is a very accurate pull by the way, probably less than names off. And this is the way you do business, I don't think so. And that's why I've discontinued all the contact with the Clarence and with Doth and with all these other intermediates who come in to take our temperature, you know, every morning they have to come in there, kind of take our temperature so they can pass it along to Greg. But the mother's holding K and so, but I get paid for this show up here every day, do a good show, the best I can and that's it. Asked her and the last month that summer book would strike this way down and cost a lot of us a lot of money. And that's why it would be extraordinarily unlikely to see us continue. I mean, yeah, we got two years yet. Two years is plenty. See what I'm saying? Yeah. So I'll say it again. Thank you very much, Greg, for like not jumping in anything premature because of I would assign, especially after seeing Stern going to serious. There's no future and commercial radio for the town anymore. It's just history. Especially when you have a government that will let's say anything on the year and especially when you're working for a company that goes overboard on a restrictions. It's America, but we've not any audience like to decide, yeah, I've been so many times if I said it. You get tired of beating your head against the wall and trying to change mankind and change the world. You're not going to change this country. It is what it is. Of all the westernized countries, there isn't one that's even close. Not close. In terms of religious fanaticism and the rest of the world is that that would hurt. Oh my God. Oh, yeah. And they're even dancing the horror. The one place they're dancing is an Israel. They're really happy over there, I'll guarantee you. Shirul is doing a quick-happle quest that he's so excited. Can you imagine him sitting on the toilet? Please. No, no, Shirul. He's not a king, but boy, he must have one hell of a big throne. I'm serious. That man's got an ass. There are a lot of buildings that are smaller than aerial shirul's ass. High-boys, jealous. In fact, the gas mean he's all ass if he asks me. But other than that, the rest of the world, the civilized world, were the not-fizzy killings, other RRB, because they don't like the Shmata on the other guys head. They're just a camp-alivist. They're a guest. And speaking of the gas, thank you. Thank you, Mr. President, for those low-gas prime. Thank you so much. Yeah. Air-me single issue. The economy, jobs, the price of oil, you name it. Our relations were the rest of the world. The war in Iraq, the war on terror, preventing terror on 9th 11, which it's the worst. The first time we've been attacked by outsiders on our own territory in history of this country. Except, of course, for a guess, for a harbor, which at that time, Hon. Lulu was not to say, but nevertheless, we still had our fingers in it. And it did make a difference, because when they started soinous the incident pulling, and more than values were over there. They didn't tell you right there that then, born again, then, that evangelical Christians and fundamentalist lunatics and crazy people, the God squad, the Jesus Christers, they're the ones that turned out. Not you young people out there who took as you smoke at a big fat one and trying to get laid. Yeah. No, not them. They didn't show up. And all these Democrats, as opposed to the day where just you're, oh my God, the lines are, yeah, the lines were long, or because they were forming in people that voted, and guess, guess what the nationwide total was. Now, why, I want you to keep these two numbers in mind, okay? Very important stuff. Doesn't take a genius to figure out, we're still split exactly down the middle, except the chorus for the fundamentalist. They're in a separate category. But as far as 2000, Algor will want to pop your vote by half a million votes, 500,000. Got that number in your mind? Bush here, within St. Louis State on the last time, because they didn't like that DUI information that came up at the last minute? Four million. That's what I'm going to be talking to us about all along. Those four million evangelical persons, if they show up this time, and they did. And they were wound around a block and down the street and up to Mary's house and probably over there to work as a localist, and see the version Mary on the 13th of each month. The crazy people have taken over your country, baby. I mean, you may not, you know, I'd like it. It's indeniable. The lunatics, the right way in the fringe. Can it be just a matter of time before their honor way to arm again? Well, they can make it happen. They can make it happen. Yeah, but what if we don't want to go? I'm not just a lunatic. I'm not just a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I like to relax. I have an American angle and massage my balls while listening to the new writers welcome on our moving day. Well, good morning. This is former bus, president, man, former president, and I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. I'm a lunatic. You think you're the one to play your most popular V.P. You've got to go to press the right seat. You're at the waist of this body. And you're bold. Now, watching your ball. If the real big man who should ride the bike you know to have piano player, there's always two types of things from technical field. You can stand and turn around. He's holding a job. You know, you're a gross, you can play your special. I'll show you a bunch of things you've done for the round. You'll tell your master popular president who. I don't impress me much. I want to be hurt by him. He's going to hear his birthday in the world. For a whole week now, don't get me wrong. You're a tough thing. You're all right. But how many bears are your girls? Three, two, three, four. You've got to impress me much. Go to the bathroom for real. Press the little bit. There's a real lion. And one about three. We'll look at my final. I'm a silver reflection. We're all amongst his mid-mom town. I'm a flashie, but I'm a... ...a real lion. It would show. No. I'm beautiful. Come on to the 560. Nobody Q&A. I'm happy Wednesday too. If we can say that, can we say that? But it'll be getting probably a new list pretty soon. The things we can't cannot say. When you think I'm sure, a pretty long list. Here's the fact that it says a shamed and scared shmitless, Cuban born here. Bobby. Well, Bobby, who also says T.S. ...where can I get my passport? I'm leaving this guy for a second. Lumi. I'm sick of all these in and of the year old Cuban. Sorting for people who promised to overthrow Castro. We should take away the rights of all of those who weren't born here. Well, that may be okay, Bobby. But a lot of us, those people, all over the rest of the country, the four million people who voted for Bush, four million more than those who voted for. Senator Kerry. Who's going to be conceiving less than hour by the way, when a clock? We'll carry about a few words. Not a third man. We're less. Brian, professional epitography. Now, what I don't understand. Why is he got his phone number? I don't know. Why does he want to commercial plug? I don't know. Let me go to date. No thanks. It says, get out your Bible. We're not a free nation anymore. We've shown the world that we will follow the word of God. No matter where it takes us or who it affects, we now absolutely won. Nation under God. George Bush is God. No other God. No facts. No considerations. A rational thinking. Well, over by the word of George Bush is God. America is showing that we no longer consider the diverse beliefs and theologies and values of our own people. So how can we possibly be the ones that spread to democracy around the world? Excellent point, Brian. If the rest of the world didn't hate us before they sure will now, this should keep us a lot safer. I thought that. Yeah. Oh, the evildoers are really going to get after us now. How long before that first terror alert? Then that's starting gone with the wind. They had the terror alert. Here's a fact that says, where's my cheat gas? The only thing worse than this internet connection on your brain is the next 30 years. Not 30 minutes. At least get somebody in a keyster for the internet. So yeah, how are we going to do that? Yeah. I mean, we got a problem cutting in now, I guess, for some time. And what do they do? And what do they do to say about it? That's a quote. What? Here. They've got to care sometimes. They don't get because they're with our website to have to do with the show. They're like money to all people in the internet. That's right. They're like money. All right. I don't know. You all, because just for your people out there and so if anyone can listen to something, even if a piece of meat, we'll be real out there and canceling my offer. I can't remember any of these canceling my offer. I hear she's the best. And I stopped by the way, I'll prank in an era America. That was really going to do the job. They do it. God. What a joke. And then, of course, I and Z, they're playing the goddess tapes from the Navy for her. She's forgot or most, most does not care. What does that mean? Send it or like Jim Dement, who thinks that all one pregnant women engaged run for to be school teachers, send her a lifetime cover to wants to death penalty for abortion doctors. Send her a like John Thune, who we all know as Mr. School pair of amendment number one. Borders and 11 states voted the band same size marriage. The lowest margin was 5743. The highest in Mississippi 8614 can tuck you also a band civil union 7525. Meanwhile, 89% of the Supreme Court says this is our Christians older than 65. These people are speaking for me deciding how I live. I'm a funny two year old agnostic. Enjoy your tax cut America. You're going to bloody need it. It's Sunday. Disappointed Freightaken American Travis. Well Travis, I had to break the news to you. But your days are numbered. Baby and single digits. It's all over. Freightaken American. It's like an Aussie more on now. As far as all those goymothers consider, don't confuse them man. That Armageddon's coming. And we got the right guy in here to lead us right down the path to hell. Owners of. They felt that they just couldn't get to vote. They needed without what they call an exhaustive battle that would really further divide. The numbers weren't there honey. Okay. They just weren't there. Stop to saw it a dance. 135,000. Now when you're going into wrong direction when you've gone from 120,000. 135,000. Both behind it all. I was the vote's keep coming in. You just ain't got to cut it. They're there. He was weak. And I'm not telling you he was weak. Sure. We'll sign it. Tiff Bush is asking the debates. Even with that wire. You want to radio a transmitter. Bush was getting coached in the back. So he keeps saying, Abu Ghabugar. Red stupidity. A little regret. Didn't make any difference. Because if you've ever watched any of these TV evangelists. Stupid and a little bit doesn't have close to describing it. How's Jimmy Baker doing by the way? No, seriously. Even Tammy Faye even had over-made up bitch Tammy Faye with her boyfriend Carlisle Thurther from Des Newers. The media is sick and they stopped at me. That's right. And their co-conspirators, they have to put this one over man. I sure hope that they're getting big fat checks. And they probably a lot of mar. Just like in suit cases full of cash that are coming in from the no-one of men and four people probably. I don't know who's on the receiving end, but somebody is in here. The big fix had to be in on that. Just like the Metro fail. I mean, this whole business about fixed election. And it just like that business that silly facts about democracy in America. What are you talking about? How many years ago did we have the last honest election in the US? About 30 man. Yeah, and probably more than that. I'm sure more. Yeah. Certainly before 60 when the Kennedy's fixed the law to get jammed me in there. WQA and hello. The only demographic of the 50 evangelists this week or me. Yeah, that'll do it, yeah. WQA and hello. I want to speak to them. Speaking. Hey, now you're doing. I'm talking about things. I mean, the general strategy. Yes. They could have put a dancing billy bill against Bush and still should have beaten them. Right. That's right. With the more on majority. Yeah, but you're here to try to dance. Oh, yeah. But I mean, look at the more on majority. I mean, that's the tail tail sign of what? It's right in that country, baby. Look at that map. Look at the so-called red states. Okay. One after another here to come Utah by Omen North Dakota, South Dakota by Santa. Idaho, Colorado. Here they all came in. Red mix. The one that's incredible to me is. I mean, the last. In a couple years, week, week, week, week killed 100,000 innocent women at children. And the terrorist and the past. And the fact that we're going to learn a hundred of our own by the way. Don't forget those kids. In the past 10 years, the terrorists have it killed that many people. Right. That's correct. You know, though, again. I mean, who is the real terrorist here? But I will say this, and if Bush and the Saudis make another bad business deal, who knows how many you're going to die in that one. Right. And what the, you know, one thing I didn't, with Kerry, I thought should have brought up in the debate as the abortion issue. If the fact that abortion actually have risen with Bush and the White House. Yeah, I'm right then. I read the article. And it all pretty much should have consulted me a little bit. Yeah, I mean, it's just incredible. It just doesn't make sense. Well, because they can try to play a save. They wanted to ride that fine. I didn't want offended religionists in, you know, I blew up in her face. Hey, one of the things you, you for the red next, as a well. Okay. You can look his for me. Well, that's it. You probably enjoy it. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the anti-barizon and singular wireless line. We're taking your temperature today. Just come like the way to manage them. But there was to take our temperature. We need to see whether they might actually communicate with us. Okay. Glad it's over 56. It's static 28. All I got at L presidents is going to speak at 3 o'clock. I'll be sure to be away from a TV at that point. If static 28, that's 5%, what result 21 in different 15 and please 13. So between static and please, we got 7.3%. Well, that's because you've changed the way all of us good. Like I said before, I can't say it often enough. Okay. If we get a one share, you're going to change my life in the least bit. Well, I think that's an interesting thing. When you like people that are on XM and serious, I don't know if they have a way we need to wait that. Do they probably don't? They just don't have any people I subscribe. Because that's what they make. They also are commercial free. They must have a way to tell where that we see you here. Oh, they will now. Oh, you can mean. After that last night's election, you think that's not going to be monitoring everything you listen to. Every book that you read, every movie that you rent. Oh, you've got to be kidding me. And paper and act parts three, four and five, where can you see those? They're even going to be checking out what you wait for breakfast. They're going to be going to be the toilet police. The feces of the species. You'll see your laugh and you think I'm just joking about that. They're going to be checking your innards, your gizzards, your inards, your outwards. Let's see. Here's a fact from AJ who says, Dear one senior, you know, please let me know after a couple of amazing newspapers and Amsterdam. So I can look them up online trying to find a job before I move. The telegraph, D-E-E-E-L-E-G-R-A-F-2-A-S-A. The telegraph is the major newspaper and there's other ones. After the visible results of the election, right over the religious zealous of this country's totally election again, would it help for their friends who had died, old Susan LePour? I think that's Teresa LePour he's talking about. And Jim Bush, I've officially decided to move Amsterdam. How can we let go of that bill, bitch? What's that was your name? What was her name? I'm a friend of the hood. Oh yeah. Please help me says, I need to know a couple of names. I just got your tellin' ya. Please, this would take five sad. I just got your tellin' ya. I'm a pre-zatalist there for many times, nobody has to come up with never lucky enough to get through. Based on this fact, you were real lucky. Good luck with everything, hope that these thick and such buildings to chance can take off into the side of the entire from this return in Potomarched. Loving Kisses AJ. The telegraph, D-E-E-Capable-T-E-L-E-G-R-A-A-F. Got it? Got a sounds like giraffe, the telegraph. I just hope you don't expect these going to be learned in no Dutch. Powerful language, by the way. I'll still believe. Common expansion known and plus there's a lot of them, less to drug people out there in the streets. So that'll nasty. Smelly, gross, and the lecture overbearing in the obnoxious. But I would now get a level over there, it's ought to fun. 1213 at 5.60WQA, an IRS type problems have a way of destroying your life, man. They take a tool on you financially, physically and emotionally, just like yesterday's election. It's just worth some of us down. You can ever read you forget about your IRS problems. They come back every morning when you wake up in a cold sweat. Just the crap in your brains out. CPA, Jini Buckewall, the debukwall tax-turble-help in your IRS problems forever. Give me a bad piece of mind. That's why other types CPA and law firms are for all of their clients to debukwall tax-turm when they have IRS problems. One out of all, potential criminal prosecution, get all on file tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records. Now, suppose you have an IRS lien, Wigs of the Operial Taxes and Pembleys, maybe you want to settle for 1,000 less than your own need time to pay. Whatever the deal, the buckwall tax firm can have you out. They offer your free initial consultation affordable and guarantee fees and immediate relief from IRS harassment. And best of all, you never have to meet with the IRS. The buckwall tax-turm handles all meetings and discussions you didn't even have to do it. Call them today, 9,5,4, 5,7,5,4,8,100. Whether you owe $10,000 or a million IRS taxes, whatever the number, the buckwall tax-turble-help you out. Call them today for a free noobligation consultation or visit a monadwicked web on the Internet at IRSFeeding.com. Stop worrying about the IRS knocking down that front door. 9,5,4,5,7,5,8,100. 2,0,8,100. 2,0,8,100. 3,5,6,8,100. 3,5,4,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 3,5,8,100. 1,101%. 6,800 votes. Out of almost 7 million. But the good news is, is 125,000 more votes to be counted 2% of the total and their absentee ballows from Dave County, which since it's been passing overwhelming in Dave Broward, it's probably put it over the top. And then, of course, when we had the local Raffer Renda in Dave Broward, it went overwhelming me again. Yes. To this idea that we have to left the rest of the state these rednecks, these mudwoms, these Bible-loved, fumpen lunatics, these flat earths, people dictate to us what they all we can do and equality of educated. Maybe they want their kids to be as just as dumb as they are. That's right. They don't want to be shown up by their kids that are not going to be just as stupid and trailer-trashy as they are. You guys are good. We should have more money for education and flow, right? It's a seal. Yeah, that's right. Even our fat ass governor, tell you that. We got some devious plans for you smart, and education people. Educational, say, be from hell. Yeah, he's too busy. Don't worry about education. He's too busy and keeping that stiff alive there. So what the hell ever, whatever name is. Terry, sorry, I'll tell you, Terry, Shao, busy keeping that thing alive. She smiled when I saw that. Like I said, he's daddy don't like broccoli, but jab likes vegetables. Anything else you can eat? That's what I said to Dan Big fan. That's dumb ass. Here's a fast from poor jay. That might be who wants us to put sad and depressed on the pool. That's what you got to get to get to get to get that on the right away. Please, Josh. Especially since you have friends that have full no more. How did you enjoy that yesterday? It was pretty miserable. You're out of here. We haven't had any more. Do you have a lot of problems yesterday? Uh, not that I paid attention to a lot. No. Yeah, there were a couple of wackos, you know. Yeah, well. When you've been disappointed if there were. Oh, yeah. Yeah. The more people you got, the more wackos you got. That's the way a worsen has been this, especially in this town. Anyway, so just please for Jane because she's sad and depressed. The both of those together. First it says you have to add into Carl Roe. He is formidable. Or is that formidable? Well, while we've learned in this election, I think it's good that Democrats can't with no one else without having a southern run. The ticket like 10 Carter Johnson said, it wasn't I just talking about that a few days ago. A lot of all democratic candidates. When the last Democrat we had as president who wasn't a sub in Yahoo was J.F.K. And he had a steel election. Caledac. When regarding Iraq war, I think it was a problem. I'll tell you, you see, Von Meter died last week. Oh, Von Meter. He was, he had an album called the first family. He did the most perfect limitations. He was a comedian, a set of those who did the limitations of JFK and Bobby. Unfortunately, he just died. He put the interview in the paper that they had done some time ago. And when Kennedy got assassinated, that was the end of his career. Von Meter, he's dead. Anyway, it says what we've read at the Iraq War. I think was a problem. The terrorist position was indistinguishable from Bush's good point, Jane. Carrie Wooden, I'm much better at taking a stand against the war. So I'm going to get us out of there saying six months. That's so low, isn't correct. Jane. She says, I think the people who voted for Bush and after we missed their children, the armed forces, right. Similarly, I think that all the pro-life sub-worship supporters should be placed on the list. And forced to adopt all the little black children who are bored of people who thanks to the Bush administration, can't afford to raise their own children. Not right. That's about that little Latino kids that are like smuggled across the border that are being bored because the Pope keeps telling no birth control. Finally, can you add 10 seconds? I'm sure we just did. Yeah. We are said in the press, most of us. Now here's a facts from Frank who says, let me start by saying, I'm not gay. And I think it's repulsive, abnormal, et cetera. Thank you, Frank. Having said that, I think it's unusual for the government to say that I can't discriminate against people because of their sexual preferences. But the government can, is the next step to make it all right to fire people when you find out that they're gay? Yes. Isn't government supposed to guarantee equality for all people whether they're black or white, yellow, green, straight, bi or gay? No. Not this government. I don't understand why this is even an issue. The first one, in other words, what's it to you? That's what we always say. Why should you even care? The first one is the government. It's the question. Why is this a concern? And who does it affect? If the first answer is biblical in nature, it's not supposed to be an issue. What non-biblical reason is therefore making gay marriage an issue with all. Second, the only people affected by gay marriage are the two people who are getting married. It has no effect on anyone else. So why is an issue? I don't get it. Any of this, anybody else with a brain, except that it appeals to people's heat. They're fears in their hate. And we look at them, vote on their hatreds, man. They'll line up for miles of peace. We'll say people be married and they're not doing anything. And so, okay. Also, I think Osama Bin Laden's tape was a booster bush. How many people saw that tape had said Bin Laden is not going to threaten me? I'm going to show him and vote for both. Be the last one. Be the first ones that they're going to send you ass off. Jews for Hitler. And I'm not to say it again. At least, the black people have this country. You take a lot of crap from everybody. At least the dark folks. Just like I predicted, they didn't get sucked in. They know what it's all about. This garbage about he was going to get twice as many black folks as he'd like. Yeah, my amama. That's what black America said to George Bush. You're not fooling us. You jackass. You cracker. You illiterate. You don't get offended. Youlement. You're like, you against yourself and you're just a mop. Where are you gonna do Carl Harry Potter on the ground? If everybody says why you whine there is not something legal about people in any of it.ραentials can make it come true race, isn't it? You'll get hurt onca. You'll incredible. I mean, I swear. I mean, I think I've done this before. I swear. They forgot the ones who have cleaned up microwателей in the front. So just like this, everyone's just saying yeah. There might have been some people who shared this, there's something out there that they can make sağ. They're gonna do damn things. Well, our king because everyone is way different. you, Josh, so I want to take that bet. No, I'm good. Greg and the water not see he's always out for a screw in there, but she's not there anymore. You see if you stick around sooner later. If I maybe we have to do that pole again, you know, who got screwed worth the QAmen last couple of few years? Screw in, baby. You won't see her no more. Even what's his name? Bro! I can't believe it. And not only him, not only Roy, but trolley, he's shocked. I guess he won't be doing that number anymore. 26 past noon at 5. 61. Number 23 is what I'm talking about. That was to raise number. I think that's what he played those four games. It could probably use him right now, you know? Good nerd. Yeah, couldn't hurt. I just thought that couldn't. Hey, if you're looking in the mirror wondering about that big army balls spot. Here's the answer, baby. Chuck Alphiari. Charles is the hairdryer. That's right. He's the hair specialist. For over 30 years now, he's been helping guys look really swell, really swanky, because he wouldn't even know his work when he was seeing it. It looks like real hair. That's the key. I mean, you see a bad hair page, man. All you do is just want to pee in your pants last. And that's what they're doing to you, man. Like, like, like, like, what's his name? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Even he finally just said musk right because he realized that everybody who's the laughing stock of the universe. If you want to look great, Charlie's new skinlight care system is a hundred percent on it. Detectable. The hair looks like it's real. Like the real thing. We're going right out of your scalp. And Charlie's work is completely guaranteed. You have nothing to lose, but that growth test growing balls. But because here's how the deal works. You try Charlie's system for a month or 30 days. Stop turning man. In fact, if you're 30 days, you don't love the way it looks in fields. If we don't have a new present, return for a full refund. Make the call today 1-800-321-2413. And be sure mentioned to Charlie. He heard about it here on the new Roger show because it means you get your special 200 out of this come out the regular $800 price of that natural So forget about the pills and the portions the holes in the head all of that crap. Keep in mind that the secret to a great here system is to make sure that nobody can tell you where everyone and Charlie's new skinlight care system is as natural as you can get. Pick up that flow in a calm today. There's no obligation. Charlie will bring you in and show you just how much better and younger he can up he look. 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 around the wicked web. Charles Alfie orferrasington music, radio-rojur某 olun per other Beta Bl vueenas for the three times mistaken Are you okay свои Are you정을 Reality adjusting Now, where would they be inside? I'm naked in a dungeon made for slaves I get with what I have best be in Just before the she is high of past her I'm hanging by my chest to grow stronger When they broke my pants, but thy pain is raised, not thin When your shoved is called beings, you're not vanished And I can throw my tent to those four days Now I'm supposed to run in that deep head Just to prove that she is not that fair I can throw my tent to those four days But I still don't need to be a normal sad Now I can pull it back, play a flowerback Walsered to the chief is not that fair I'm hanging on that chest, this goes for Watch call it About 32 to 560 WCM, you see if the big goal I would have voted yesterday, I might have turned it around You know what? I mean, carry only lost order by 2,000 votes Then I might have turned it all around for us But it didn't... A drunk, a yellow and Georgian, bulk of Ryan today For happy hour, they'll like cheer you up a little bit after depressing the year They signed the 7-7-0, a treasure island Located off the bomb, it just goes with the 122nd Street exit They must be running out of ping pong balls for their sea stepping in This is going to be back Unless they recycling them What you'll have to find out for yourself Stop by for some low budget prizes and check out the feature Stephanie Evans will be Shoot up a storm Anyway, I'm not reading that last line 567-056 How in fact It's 60, a horizon and singular wireless lines But as well as, let's assess the Cinderland Crown over skilled milk The Crown's Crown is called President Bush couple hours ago to concede And I want to talk to you about four seconds of your Because they're quite frankly, he's boring What how many times did I tell you about the Democratic Party And what a week's history is, okay? We don't have a two party system, we got a one party system And a daughtering old fool named Ralph Mader Who met about how many votes last night He's on their whining on CNN last night And I'll say, would let me on the ballot What you were on about in a whole bunch of states And you get like 16 votes, okay? Didn't get over 1% I don't think in any state And then in Florida you got to big Oh, let's them 1% And Lover King being the rocket scientist He is about no business being on the roll last night How about how? Well, what would you like me to do to sound like me on the internet? Oh, no, now you're going to be on the ballot Oh, I'm sorry, you're showing Listen to me, oh, I might listen, what'd you just say? No, no, you're showing me the way You're just saying? Let's roll the little bit, maybe you'll... Oh, time is around, okay, I'll say it Hey, Neil, can I interject a little bit? But hey, me! Go ahead and answer your please, take all the time you want I'm a holostampion on this earth And I consider myself a Jesus loving person But I want to know why every time I look at Go as I see a BDI weasel and the Christ I guess I'm not I'm now one of the evangelistic gods How's that guy do your bug guy? 560, how's Greg B. Daldon? You know, he's still on in the morning He can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I guess somebody's people. Unforgues. No, on that, whatever that was, a 50, I don't know. The station at Norma Kent keeps talking about the one I've seen last time. See, some of these people who are pretend like radio people like Norma Kent And they're like, oh, I'll 80 50 is this And this one is that nobody can... Nobody listens to those stations. Nobody cares. Nobody knows where they are What they are. Who's on? Who's on first? It's like old Nepho, you know? I'm a fuck about proposition for. I don't understand that. 98% of the boat. And the same boat. The boat has to go on up there. Mark, let me clarify for you. The other 2% of 125,000 absentee balance From date, which had Mcount of yet. Yeah. It looks really good for a pass Because date and power pass over woman, And favor. So once they count those two, which I'm trying to find I guess, it's not going to be between now and a year 25, 25. When they count those, it should put it over the top. I do not understand the Catholicism. Go against it. I do not understand the money is going to go to education. Yeah. And I just... Can't understand the reason. If they didn't get 10% of that money, the Catholic schools, then they said, oh, I see a really good idea. Let's go for it. Let's cancel the boat. And you know what I really disappointed in? I said, point in the school, the bravo counting. And I'm so pitiful. And I asked for the foot something in the literature to tell the peer and support for it. And she had an interview. I don't understand it. I really balanced. I just... I saw a little tense mark. It's not like you're over the agenda. I think it's going to pass. Like I said, they got 125,000 most of them. They're all from date, absentee balance. It looks pretty good. Really? I'm not unless of course the fix is in and they decide two for that, and one for them. You know, that kind of deal. I thank you very much. Okay. Good luck to us Mark. Thank you. You get the competent park at the slots. Or maybe just go out to woodbind, right? I'm going to have to woodbind to plunge my guts out a little. But okay. Get this out of my system. Young people, by the way, don't start around seeing. And we all don't have an apology. At least you do. When are we for knocking them? Hmm. They still represent the same percentage. But they also turned out a much greater number. It's just that because there was such a high vote or turn out. Their impact wasn't any greater. In other words, in 2017, for cent of the vote were people 18 to 29. This time, again, the same 17 percent. But again, we're much more people at vote at this time. So a lot more than show up, but they just couldn't make the impact because they were outnumbered by those. Farbison a goham is the Chinese say. Farbison a goham. Got that. Oh, the God squad. There's Jesus Christ here's the flat earth society. The Armageddon is coming crowd. The Armageddon crazy that a bud bug crowd, the stem cell research is evil crowd. The fetus hugger crowd. Them jackasses. Well, that's a squishy. They're fun to hug. Are they really? Yeah, they make a cell too. They carry the complete line of bedding from all the top names of a business. Silly, sir, the Simmons King Quill temper, Peter K. and Steerons, and Foster Huit. Call 1-800 mattress right now. Save yourself up to an initial 20 percent off. There's super low factory direct prices on select models. Call 1-800 mattress right now. Choose the day in Tabet delivery. You picked it to our window like always. Any day of the weekments convenient for you. Seven days from 8 a.m. until 10 p.m. All the smart folks, including yours truly have been doing this for years now. Instead of wasting our time, gas and money, sluffing around from vetting to department store. With low prices, same day delivery, free set up on removal. It's easy to see. A Dalamacrisis ranked number one in Christopher, Santa Station. Dalamacris, even received the prestigious federal business bureau's torture excellence award. So if you need new mattress, the deal runs lumpy or bumpy or winding something for your relatives coming down for the wintertimes. Two things in real rushes. The list of the five subjects in the next week. A-M. Though when we're getting lucky, Friday night on E. It's the making of the Enrique Glacier song, The Enrique Rose. I can't be your team of demons. Everything is in real chaos. Jerry, this is not what, Enrique stands for. You need to get in there. You need to get in the car. I know, I know. I got an idea. Let me see if this is... You're... I thought you were. Enrique, Enrique. You had my day duty. Just like... Santa, you got kidnapped in the kidnaps. What they want for ransom is just seeing the song. It's puppy on the TV. Isn't he cute? Didn't you have a home and he's starving on the TV? Why would they have to dog you? The starving on the street. But he's still in a breakfast by seeing the song. Maybe we can find homes for all the little dog keys in the world. You can't even see the red button. You can't even see the red button. You can't even see the red button. Enrique, what do you want for lunch today? You can't even see the red button. You can't even see the red button. Oh, they don't even sell that anymore. They don't make it anymore. Because you were bad. I know that's what they're like. You know what they'll do? They'll see the red button. You know what they'll see. Look at the making of the Enrique Glacier song hero. Enrique Enrique, Enrique, look! The new appell is out and gets right. You're not going to tell you not to look anymore. Don't miss the making of hero. Enrique Glacier's Friday night on the E. Everything in it is aimed at. She's still so clear to me. It's 12.45. It's been a shame, Jane. You're a good choice. They're on our pool. Set in the press. Do we really see how fast that's all right. Skyrocketing up there toward the top. What the fuck? So a side will cover that. That's right. Well, not quite that said. Order prayer. Which applies to your feelings about the election result. Pist off 104. Suicide will throw it in 20. Land is over 70. 7 to press 59. Extantic 41. What results will be 8? Please 21 and different 19. Don't give a Schmidt. I just put in different codes. I'm getting tired of nokibishment. I'm tired of nokibishment. Nokibishment's here's. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Carries going to concede in 14 minutes after we're counting one o'clock. I'm so sick and tired of Democrats concede. We need bubble back. You know, then we're smart. You know what I had for Vice President and Bubba. There you go. Now he would have had to undergo that hard operation by the middle of the campaign. But he's got a lot of it fine. In fact, they're crediting the gigantic victory in Pennsylvania for Kerry in part to the fact that Bubba was there. He really motivated. Arkansas couldn't try so much because number one, he had that anti-fag embarrassing on a ballot. And number two, you know, Kerry's is that liberal from New England now. Great. I can't believe he was almost like a Jew who's got a little Jew in him. And then of course he's got that bitchy wife. I don't think she helped it all. No. They should have kicked her a lot more heavily sedated during last two or three weeks. How about that be possible? Every time she opened up her postman, she stuck her leg. That's just your foot for her entire leg and all the way down to her foot. I'll try that. I'll try that. Yeah, plus the fact, what does she want like he cried out of a dumpster? She's worth a billion dollars. I guess she just doesn't give her crap. You know, since when you're a poor child, we're that kind of money. You don't care what anybody thinks about the way he wants for right. No, she was saying, but he got some money. You don't care about what other people say. If you got a crappy shirt on or stuff like that, especially if it's like a wire up the back. Tell me a QA in, hello. Hello, yes, thanks. Good with you. Speaking. Oh, Neil, hi. How are you doing? I'm hanging in there. I'm trying to keep my mind together. Okay, Neil, you don't want. I'd like to just make it calm. You know what I think you were right all along. I'm going to move the Canada. There you go. Yeah, moving the Canada. If my husband is listening on the other line, you know, if he's listening to the always listen to you. Darling, let's move the Canada. And I'd like to just make a little comment on the Republicans. I think the Republicans are a bunch of four, maybe he had a bath. Okay. Okay, thank you, Neil. You have a good day. You see, you see him. All right, bye bye. See, where she said it was like, you know, like was all on word. Did you let it go? What? We required to speak Spanish all of a sudden. No, of course not. If the FCC, you know, if you're about to write an election really, although the choice probably is, although she wouldn't speak to words this man, he'd draw his butt off or what you're okay. You're ruining our lives. I'm getting so tired of having this bitch hanging over our hair up here. Oh, I don't doubt it. I knew it either had something to do with the election or with your breakfast. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and he Verizon, seeking the right to tell us, we got Jim Mandage in two today, the mad dog. In fact, he's put in some heavy duty work. Look at that. Friday, I'm looking at the schedule rest of the week, and I know my birthday, Jim Mandage is doing a show at publics in Friday. A show at publics? I don't know, maybe at the deli. I can't believe that. Doesn't say which publics is only how many of them in town? Not third man. But we will find out. The Humper is it for the shirt. I think you wrote your song right out of man. That's right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, tough day at a man. There's a classic. And she's a classic girl, a guy or one. Come to QA and hello. QA and hello. Hello. Yes, sir? Randy Rose will be screaming at the, about the roses, because we're glicking. I'm her for screaming about it. And she's in Florida, all the speakers until the results are over. Yeah. And who cares? And they're citing when her Randy's people say I'm, I'm something like that. Wow. What excuse us? WQAM hello. Hi, I'm surprised. WQAM hello. QAM. Hey, Niela. I just had an idea how the rest of the world thinks about the last night about the school. I was watching him and he had a, I don't know what channel but. They're interviewing these two people to new campus in Europe. Two different, they were going to be two different channel, two different areas in Europe. Two different countries. And one lady said, yeah, we said the news and we're quite disappointed. And you know, if I'm going to sleep tonight, you know, not where they think we're choking. Yes. They don't think it. They know it. They know it. And then another guy. And they're still voting in. So like you said, we're a big joke. What was man only the USA? And by the way, they're poppy. So I ordered maybe see it in the calls 40, we want those places. See it's a piece bridge. So the goddess is going to be screaming and carrying on or already was something like that. So who cares? What's their discreet about? I don't know. Huh? I mean, there's some people just like getting on their screaming again. Well, there's not no scream about. Carry random rate mediocre campaign. And they mobilize all those agoi. And they all turn out. And they did a phenomenal job of running around, picking them up, Shluck them into the polls, standing in line and rain for hours. Still two, three in a morning. And they voted. That's it. And at least this time, if they were irregular, it is, which I'm sure that they were. They made sure that they won by enough. So that's not going to be like last time. We don't have to go through that whole crap again. I still say we don't have the election over again. Next week, just try it. Okay. Okay. We got a grand provides person. Ooh. We'll throw all with that. Okay. Your team went in Florida, sir, the most popular politician in Florida history Bobby Graham, baby. I've got a really nice, his crap inside and out. And how we're seeing it. It's not afraid to tell them like it is who was against the right and heard from the start. Not vague. Not ambiguous. Not all over the place. Not was she was she. Not. Do what them waffles routines, you know. The, I just, I just, I just I just like that. up. They didn't have enough time with the next one. He didn't get in. That's right. Didn't get in. They didn't waste any time. As soon as they saw the opening man as soon as you let out their first destroyer. That was the other him. There was the chance and of course you don't have to have the media cooperate. Oh, then after Dean got humiliated and embarrassed and most of us got sucked in taking him as a crazy person, then they showed that he all he was trying to do was be heard over the crowd noise because they used the ISO mic on there so we couldn't hear the crowd. Yeah. Oh, well, we shouldn't have done that. Well, two late now probably it would be like the terrorist over there saying, oh, we probably shouldn't have be handed out. What's your name? Oh, did you see that else is there won't even put the tape on of that. Right. British babe who's not be having yet. Yeah. Not yet. I think that actually what they're doing, I think is pick it up part with the tweezers. Something because they said she was in such bad shape that even for a bunch of barbarians like them, they didn't have the the puts but a foot around the air. WQAM Hello. Hey. Yeah. After yesterday I want to quit the American man. Yeah. I'm more calm. I know man. I got a move to Canada with you. Craig, do you know, speaking of Canada, can I give a enthusiastic recommendation from my feet all again? Okay. Now the weather there sucks. It's much more severe than here. I would never never live there in a wintertime or even an AL. Except for those three days in the summer when it's really nice. It's a fine city. Now of course the problem is that there's too much French being spoken but you ought to be used to be in a place where nobody's being English. And number two, they have friend right on for your all. And she says, what's the lead there? Some of you QAM Hello. Oh great. QAM. Hey. Hey, Sally. Yes, Sally. Out of all the democratic senators and politicians and people in the world. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. How are you? Yeah. In the past two elections, that's the best they could get lost. Yeah. I'm sick about it. Can you do me a favor? This whole space started back up on the beat. It could be like a thing. I'm sorry. Man, I'm gagging on it right now. Woo. Oh, that victory speaks by Bush. It's through the segment. Be sure. Miss that. I'm sure he's going to say. I've got a red couple of times. You see when you're dealing, look at that math baby. Look at the math. Look at what America has become. You see all of those days about once once they let the blacks out of the cages man, that was the end of the Democrats in the South. Since the Democrats in the South used to be people like George Wallace and Lester Madness, virulent racist. That was Democrat Robert Burr back in his co-class fan days. That was Democrat. And then once the Democrats in L. B. J. said, well, how about civil rights for the Nardt folks off? We don't want to do that. That's when I really start showing their true colors. White. Right. Real pale white. So that's what you got. Now you got the red next stage, which is air, not just the South, but all through that Midwest, you know, other in Illinois and Michigan. The upper north Midwest is just fine. You know, Michigan, we're living in everything people in Minnesota Wisconsin, even Iowa and two man. But once you get away from that, you start talking about them. When they stick their finger in the nose, all of them went to scratch where the brain is supposed to be, then you've got a horse of a different to ask. You are listening to Neil Rodgers, who's concerned with this climate change. But kids, it's 2-hour. In Light and Woof, in Goin and Way. National United, 1950, You're not like a kid if there's a new song You're gonna give yourself a song you take on You know you gotta come back There's gonna be a song My favorite friend, and the number I'm almost 70 years old I'm almost 70 years old I'm almost 70 years old I'm almost 70 years old You're not like a mother It sucks to be a slave I'm nearly 70 years old You're wasting my promise They won't go you side And you're almost 70 years old I'm just a little bit of a friend's boyfriend I'm just a little bit of a friend's boyfriend Do you have any cute with me? Hello Me or I? Okay If you're just a good thing to be on, there's no more traffic news ever All of us on one There's just a word of possible thing I'm more shocked than I am Angry right now But I really hope And you know, so the last call before you We wish we show her stuff like that It's just a bet that we could dump the Democratic Party I hope it's Democratic Party way of stuff It's time to stop trying to get centralized I'm going to wish you we need to go far less It's possible We need to really truly all right And they need to be Somebody with balls, okay? Not that well, well the baby Okay, we want anybody named Dean Okay, even Dean from a Superman Joseph M. Who? Dean from Superman Carcano Lois Lois and Clark Lois and the whatever's name one Oh Dean King Dean King Well see that name I try to keep it out of my mind 567 You know, board against thieves Without to be 85 dark children He's like a phony unit and phony ass And phony eyeballs and phony uh, balloon Spina ballooning I bet you that fat lawyer is probably eating it right now Anyway, joint and speaking of that joint Georgian Miguel and Boca Brian today for happy R5 to 7 at Trisha are a little put you in a much better mood I guarantee you that as festival in 70 of inserts Thud shooting and bowling balls and bid your balls And God willing those were other balls All over the place Crystal balls She's a crystal balls Well I'm not saying to word about that I want you to like in between the two of you Anyway, a treasure island right off the palm Metro just goes to the 127 sweet exit Stop by for prizes and check out again Stephanie Evans seems to be getting like regular I'll work there a lot Which you'll enjoy her she like you know ping pong balls Some quotes waterrolls too 5670560 pound five 60 on the and probably even some gourds Oh yeah when you see one of those top I say oh my word I'm probably out of your Court Court Court That's what should have happened for years ago Bush it had gotten out Court but he didn't he did he See that's the whole deal This is the thing that makes this so unbelievable To take out a lot of your shitty press host But stop and think about this Everybody who's even a little bit honest I mean like only even on alternate Mondays Know is that the election in 2000 was stolen right there This is the ones that were cast you want to election Now that having been said then we go into a total illegitimate presidency We got a bunch of guy who should be impeached based on taking the country to war based on a pack of lies Absolute blatant lies and instead he gets reelected for another four years And you wonder why the rest of the country looks at America and they like oh Like that Yeah, like are you people on drugs or what? Oh, and speaking that you ain't seen nothing yet the D.E.A. is going to be not going to do it You got like a pinch run anywhere within a five block radius your asses going up for 20 years up to your old river WQAM hello Hey, can I speak to you speaking? New I'm calling you from a conservative standardized for it And I got to tell you I used to be a Republican I'm a Republican and I changed my affiliation during the court days And I got to tell you I'm more scared today than I've ever been I served in the first person's off war I'm educated I'm 34 everything that you would think that Republican stand for let me tell you man I'm scared so talk some sense into us. You know put us at ease a little bit because you're the only voice of reason around You know just remember one word God two words good drugs Right Well, he said put us at ease. That's what you know they adding this role of example take the hero day worth the crap anyway This role of big fat women in the hero And in the matter of fact, why not not everybody seems to feel like we've taken the pipe 560 560 pound 560 and it's right in singular waters lines Yeah, you can be do not have a medical marijuana stuff. Okay, see they passed a couple of those you like that And that and fat chance on endangered Canadian drugs coming in either you wait and see how fast he's going to turn tail on that one for his good buddies in the pharmaceutical companies Hmm, wouldn't surprise me if before the entity where they try to spring and buy us back. I probably got a whole bunch of it left over Oh, yeah, that's all that bad give it a try. Okay, well just count it 10 percent I think we had the right idea before all the all the people loaded for bush We're gonna like track down the names addresses right out of unsteady this is supposed to be the family people You know the single people they were for Terry but they married people the couples they were for bush. Well great. Well your kids are the ones that are going to war Right, they can be the first well drop choice. If you don't have any kids will just in you instead Oh, here's a bunch of flashes now bund out in homestead Oh, in the homeland. That's a homestead. They're homestead where they voted for the metro rail to put over the severe family you're in a special place I'm sad that this made the Bible one in common since it's gone. We are doomed. I'm hoping they'll add a choice to the draft Instead of just armed forces perhaps have a tattoo humanity or forest firefighting instead of making these kids criminals infugitives If they decide not to go to fight. I hope all these Cubans and stupid people are happy That was great. Yeah, oh, and the not only that the dead light and vote baby 40 percent like I said before How's that possible? What's with them dinners man? I think they're hanging around with your people too much The theorem and it says the Whole who fast you said the world will see what it does be that far off. I don't get it. I hate those damn voting machines I still think the fix was in you know a highland photo, but they needed not at all high over that their friends from Diabol said the fix I mean that it was gonna make sure bush run because they control all the levers of power Disconfused especially the media. What state was hit harder by the accident this regime than Ohio. It's mind boggling PS internet speed is awful. I lose trust of air time. What's up with what up with that? I I He might have complies about it. Yes, and the powers that be they were QM to do anything about it You should start to make it some noise there about it to whom Anybody to monster Somebody the anyway thing else until they've been told to told almost daily and That's what or talk to fix it. Okay Comic relief copper fix that Joke Think of later about our agenda for we don't have one Here's Ray who says here's a list I put together for all the parents that are going to send their children to the war Bulletproof vest a 50 night vision 3895 bucks gas mass 400 helmet 200 bucks cool MIG AZ 2500 bucks and OLS bullets and Humvee Poor Ray that's the price is the unarmored Humvee What do you know see here's one that says lot of fascism man Am I missing something here morals with the main concern the voters not Iraq not the economy not education That's not the environment morals Absolutely correct. That's right And how many times did we hear that lady up to the election in the two three months before it all They're not really that much considered about the issues they're more concerned about a strong leader A strong Christian we guess is okay to lie about tax cuts in how the middle of lower classes of benefit I guess it's okay to lie about time carries record or to intimidate and tell the media in his omission It's okay to lie about your concern for the environment. It's okay to lie about how our sourcing is good for the American people It's so key to be little others religious beliefs. It's okay to ignore the rest of the world nicely at this country Just so long as gaze can vary by God. There you go. That's the important issue Hey Morals they don't have a clue of morals are it says it wasn't for the fact that millions of people voted for carry androids bush I would say for this company deserves what it gets except those people order carried and not deserve bush like I said the country divided back into again Civil war Should not be another civil war all the civilized people can live up in the north. Mm-hmm. They can handle the clue whether sure Like I said look at the map just look at that look at that enormous swath of red baby the South and the Midwestern way You are far the rocky mountain all of that crap It says is there way to have present for free present the red stateskagan set of house and taxes Sort of like this century Jefferson Davis then the blue days can like its own prison. I'm all for it. I think that there's a way to be about raising and maybe it's great idea We can have John Kerry me president of the north and George for me because of the South I like it What you need they offer payments as low as 332 bucks for every hundred grand at the tomorrow and guaranteed mortgage back in Not only will make your mortgage happen, but they'll even send you on a crew vets correct after closing your loan with guaranteed mortgage Backers near field beats you can choose one of six different seven night cruises compliments of guaranteed mortgage backers What do you look into buy new home and investment property or just refinance their current mortgage? These are the folks who want to be talking to 1-800-734-6616 on the web you'll find out at guaranteed mortgage backers dot com That's guaranteed mortgage backers in dear field beach with all features just like fat Good back, please Back in the day when someone done a scroll We didn't take very good In Pearl Harbor or when the Jeffs dropped their box They're bad and now the Saudis they hit us hard and on our cars are little flat swings As that's all new loving retired when some bombers will wrong way And other terrorists to deal in America where they buy no rules like cheese You died in space of arrogance by boys and sadly breathing at this country Ambulance of our mistakes and I disagree I don't want to be a taxa-mariner If you were safe I'm dying on the air What's a few thousand innocent lines stop living in the mess if you want that SUV to drive you're gonna need more gas It's the greatest country in the world they train us to lose and anyone who says that obviously And afford to be And that embarrass to be in America where we pay three audits We're a flag in what has with our head in the sense that they follow the power that we have a sense And I thought that was a big one We're not cheering to make our consistent beaches fan you will haul In Boston right across from Quincy market trophy stops and gets in the Saudis Yeah, who's getting the Saudis and I think that's what put them onto the edge Let's say mark fascism says mark formerly chronic mark who's a tone it down a little bit nice going mark And this is this is really embarrassing I mean when Oklahoma is even more progressive than Florida that's really embarrassing although I think I still think that I'm in for is going to finally pass one of if and when those F's he ballots ever get counted I think they're fixing it up right now to make sure it doesn't win I don't know what you're laughing about that's the same way they did with the metro field And the same way they did with that they slipped a Mickey would at AA arena there downtown That was a full need deal if you're for it vote No, and if you're against it vote, yes, they always pull that crap so they can confuse and it's like a Sheldian that they play an amico speaking against Approximately 50 public bill and fourth track that you get that tax button TV Yeah, but I don't get the same TV that you get all that What was on what is on is apparently all the the road rules cruise trying to melt a block of ice and everyone's wearing Speedo the correct queen. Oh no, how come I can't well. It'll be on here somewhere. I'm gonna go blind Yes, I don't know A couple of things I'm gonna be right about at least four o'clock. I'm gonna be in charge The audio adiani the types of electronic getting devices the private race car so otherwise it can dark include electronic financial cell bingo electronic instant That's said, I'm so on whatever Two other private race tracks will ride your downs and blue ribbon downs will be allowed to operate a maximum of 250 gaming machines Gaming operations of the tracks are permitted up to 18 hours a day not to a see the hundred and six hours per week. I didn't like that And talks about all the tremendous amount of revenue. So to take in but it also says here mean while the fate of slot machine gambigan south Florida Was too close to call a two state court the Palm Beach post the newspaper reported that with most of the state's creasing scouted There was less than a half percent difference between other supporting and opposing and amendment that would allow slot machines to talk in horse tracks and highlight front runs in Broward and date counties only But again the rest of the state auto Oh, I see both those evil one are bad. It's the raw-viewed users fiction on the sub Florida Montana said gambling for years there. Yeah Well, I mean it's not a question again. I'm gonna go to Scott more gambling. You can say that shake your ankle at The fact that a matter is these people are just they're spying their own kids. That shows you what a bunch of trailer trash they were here and then they talk about the I for corridor You know how you stop for corridor you why? No, just like that I'm more corridor Right, man. It's a saying all this crap about wow the people from the north that are coming down to Orlando area and there much more moderate and much more And ball craved there much a Yahoo Bible thumb and red next you kidding me Orlando my fat ass Oh, God oh There's a land haven't heard her no more lately, you know no whatever happened to that child we're gonna not put a boyfriend Rick formally a plantation it says soon to be future residents in Eva Switzerland says God help us all as you made it for ready in for the last 42 years. I'm physically sick about thinking what other four years of this drug added Drunken illiterate Whole being in power once again the next four years of a much worse than the last four how dumb is America? I would say Americans have the dumbest society in the world. Well certainly have so called westernized societies Rick nobody's even close I'm truly embarrassed to be one in fact that taken a page from your book and booked myself my wife my 70 year old father The veteran of W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. Mother my mother and law and my $2.00 and a five-year-up where I'll be looking at properties for sale I scheduled a promise to see six properties that we'll be on Friday. Well good luck to your Rick bad idea I thought he was joking We've all decided that in American no longer represents us we no longer Americans I would go far as to say that Americans are so ignorant how ignorant are they that if a lot were to send F. A nuclear bombs over nine in the middle of freakin Kansas, killin minutes of people is your garbage with still say Worst thing Look at what I teach that right right. That must have been it Here is a fact that says you've been talking about Jews for Hitler and this morning when I went to dunk In donuts for a cup of coffee a very wealthy one was holding up the entire line trying to get a discount Oh, hey, we realized that he couldn't get when he said thank God for Bush If there's any consolation synopsis are gonna drag his ass off of the showers along with me Good going you fat greedy kike you voted for people who's planning to include your death so we can have selfish new Jesus Christ Why Or just because you said you fat greedy kike I thought I was kind of like that. It was the delivery. I think yeah You fat greedy kike You got him to the trice call go it good Here's a fact that says knee like tossed and turned all my thinking about this crappy election I had a bad feeling early on that Bush would rob another presidency Now we're gonna be at war for the next four years at least when Bush is done will be paying over five dollars per gallon of gas He'll be one of the richest men in the US of Elvim Barisman. This would be my last election My oldest daughter goes to college in four years. I'm moving to Canada. Hey, okay for you and Last but not least what are Rocco says after seeing the polls about the red states voting as they didn't listen to the talking heads about the grass quarters Maybe realize that those people are more self absorbed in self righteous than any of the Hollywood liberals in New York Jews ever were These are the people with a bumper sticker I'm not perfect just forgiven Chris Matthews was droning on about the red state values winning the turnout and why the hell are So I'm not a bad news more righteous than for my values Matthews was saying the red state is feel like they're looked down upon by the liberals They need to et cetera, so they turn out like hell to show the rest of us But you know what they're still trade or trash? Well guess what four years from now will still be in a down That's right and the exact answer I'm thinking Rocco four years from now you will still be in a trailer Tang even more for gas that you are now sending kids to underfunded schools your wages will still be stagnant There will still be people having sex having abortions gambling and laughing in you as they fly over your polluted ass from the York LA enjoy you Right, yeah, Barack Obama no a baby. There you go, Dick Kani 26 after one if five 60 W2M if you have guests coming for the holidays Maybe one who wants to do that dirty or carpeting in your home now is the time to get rid of the carpet We're facing with lemon or hardwood flooring from lemon at the signs Visit lemon at design sure woman 82 80 statewood 84 in Davy and choose from over 300 samples on display Lemon of designs can have your beautiful new floor professionally installed in just about a week call 1 877 8 Laminate to set up a free no obligation in home estimate Lemon of designs carries all the well-known lines including Wilson art quick step in pergo if you call the rain setup and appointment for your free estimate Tell me what the W2M discount for an additional 10% off are already low installation price Laminate designs is located in baby dust off i 595 between Tyne Island Road and University Drive call 1 877 8 Laminate that's one 877 8 Laminate for Laminate designs the flooring company where service comes first You are listening to Neil Roger Don't you go back to Canada being you too bad You are a little bit too bad You are a little bit too bad You are a little bit too bad You are a little bit too bad Don't you go back to me Don't you go back to me Story and Grace Breaking the broadly In Mean Descalming nicукabeth No Or Notball Beside Right Loved Lantern A απ this is a lot of the people and this one that will be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the stall the restaurant of and λ Saudi Arabia, moral values have been emphasized by the President, and the President of the Congress of the top issue. Moral values. On the economy, voters are about as likely to say Kerry could be trusted as Bush, but many believe in the economy as soured under Bush's leadership. voters rated the nation's economy significantly worse than when they did four years ago, when 75% called the excellent or good, this year our majority said the economy was poor not so good to win the crap or. Kerry, Kerry, the group of city economy was the most important issue, as well as those who felt I racked my table, you know, like real issues. And as opposed to some nebulous Bible-thumping, focus, focus moral values, whatever that is. Chris Coffin of Boston, boy, I wonder if there's something symbolic about that. Chris Coffin of Boston, like about a third of Kerry voters said, his vote was mostly against Bush. He didn't get been loaned, the rack is domestic, Coffin of Boston, which I'm manager, and he politically independent. What is he done? Well, there was always a book, our red. A majority said things were going badly for the U.S. and a marketing, a heavily favored Kerry. Yet slightly more voters approved by the decision to go to the World of the Raccoon Disapproved. That is just absolutely unbelievable. And of course, they also showed us that last night. I think it was 52 to 47 who believed that the war on terror in the war in Iraq were connected. They just can't share a little bit too complicated to separate them in their minds. So they did a great job of drawing that link. Carl Robe said so, so it must be true. That's right. Bush, Kerry, white men, of course, does match all men. And then tobacco chew in macho man. And then gun, sling in. He carried the thing orders with family income above 50 grand, of course. And weekly churchgoers praise the Lord. Jesus, three-fourths of white voters who described themselves as Bordigan Christians who are Evangelical, supported Bush. Let me read that again. Three-fourths of white voters who describe themselves as Bordigan Christians who are Evangelicals, supported Bush. Jesus Christ, those white evangelicals, a crucial voting plot for the president, represented about a fifth of all voters. Their top issue was moral venues. Kerry, with the only overwhelming favorite of black voters, had a big lead among hispanist abortion proof just performance with that key group. Kerry, head lead among women, another key group of wooden credit supporters. Young voters supported Kerry over Bush, five by 10 points. But they expected surgery in their participation as he was number by 10 points. Besides, say it goes on about the survey audience. There you go. Well, that's right. Osama's afraid of Bush, and we better keep them in there. Otherwise Osama's going to bomb a marriage. We should have walked that happen. Bush will stop him like he did the first time. That's exactly right. He might, he probably would another chapter might take good if you don't watch it. And he'll catch him like he did the first time. Exactly. And then, God willing, those will do with him. And then, he'll start whipping and people into shape. And places like Aburgar, Ram, and get all over him. Right. And of course, the Saudis are glad he's an Ian, because they're going to get more too. We've always been the black. We still can't have a gun. And none of that should get there. And all that great new day. Yeah, you could take your thing. Like did Bush and from Gendo's house. No race at all is no. I'm a boy, I'm a boy. No race is as far as foodie. We've spent many months of cuteness there with her land as more as epic. And Julius, but from my love, and her fuzzies. We're smashing the beautiful, striking catch-in. But those things might be as right-sist. 1919, 1919, but... We're smashing the beautiful. You know the riots and with me, they beat the pants up great neat. We still have some losers, but also there was visually and so sweet. We all can't, yes, he was stuck for a gun. And I wonder if she survived that 1919, 1995. I'm dying out of the hair. 141 at 562, and we got the man, they'll come over to. What am I screaming about? I don't know. Once I just ran in the other room and got the yesterday's Toronto sun, we were writing red, but I get all the papers here. And in the middle there's a two-page spread. Electrical college 101, the dummy's got to be a lesson. And it's got the, you know, the reds and the blues and the last election. And then it's got, I see, it's got the writing little based on the pulling. Let me see if they were writing on it. But they had a Ohio Florida pencil, and Minnesota was constant. I would underside it in your hand for you. I guess that's for it. And then I tell you, it's a jersey we'd go to carry and I tell you that. You did. It was a head fake. That's what they described it as last night's. I like crab blood. Oh, my bush is not a white jersey. No chance. I'm even close. But anyway, you look at this and they have the states covered, you know, the blues and the reds. And then the whites for the other side. It's, it's just amazing. It is staggering. And I like crab blood the less coasted. And all the way, we use the wrong amount of less coasted. And all I'm Hollywood, Tinko, Tommy, V.E. And it's true. Washington, Oregon, California, Hawaii, which made you a little bit far to the left. But all those out there on a west coast, they're all, and of course, the last guys up there by the North Pole, they're too, for you to be, have any brains. No one in the right. They want to kill and cut and murder. Anyway, on a west coast, you got all the democratic states. On the north, all of New England, carry one every state including to a hamshua, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois, Minnesota, nearly lost Iowa. But there's Ohio sitting right there. There's freaking Ohio. That type of old thing we did as start making you wonder, you know? But I guess we don't want to start crying, so our graves. Let them steal a few more elections. And by then we'll be in a box anyway. We'll make any more difference. Oh, I think after stealing this one, we may be the sooner than we think. Here's a fact this is, I'm tired, Neil. We have to command or in chimp back in office, and both houses had GOP gains yesterday. Well, it says we're going to be eating elephant cock out for the next four years. In fact, maybe we'll be all sent to Al-Kaka. What's worse is even steal this one. My fellow Americans were brainwashed into voting for this potato head. What's all not potato's man? Some of them are pretty good. It's unpaid throughout it. Is it unpaid credit to love your country's principles? Want to see your government destroyed? I'd even take it. We're Republicans in office over these Neo-Kons. Then I'm spreading democracy. Some of them has grow organically. Like it once was in this country. You haven't installed like a new printer cartridge. Very good. I love that. It can install democracy like a printer cartridge, beauty. I can only imagine what Rush, drugs and Sean Hannity were doing to themselves and each other sitting around Fox Nazi news on a big screen TV. Every time Bush is like to go to an up, pass the lotion mat. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, god. Can you imagine the cluster, uh? It works for the ocean in the bad. Yeah. I was just, if you excuse me, I feel the drill of a gun to my back. You can't do that. Two. That's for you, do you hear? 560560, 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. You see, we're keeping our chin up. We're doing the old Kathy Willis routine. We play a mean shin ball on his show. We're just doing, I can like it. Our heads down and get all bent. I know. It's tragic. What's the part? We'll sing all the way to the shower. That's right. We'll whistle a cute tune. Ha ha ha. If we can take a long, that's good. All of this makes him kind of cute. See, you're folksy. Sound like that on a way out. Come to the QA and hello. Any new? Yes, sir. Yeah, I don't have that feeling yesterday. This is going to happen today. Yeah. I mean, so usually many times, you get me a little bit down. I think my song of comfort, which I'm going to pass to you. Yes. Go to the follows. La la la la. Little bird on my shoulder. La la la la la. We're refreshing mango drink. That was great. And you see how tiny that was. My psychic powers here and how did I know he was just talking about singing. We needed a little bit. He's a real good homosexual. He's not necessarily pro homo. I didn't know there was any such thing as being pro homosexual. Or are you? What are you saying, Kennedy, by the way? He had a Kennedy's primary challenge. This is the fourth Massachusetts Democrat who was soft and present, seen failed in the last year. Look at the Kennedy. Kennedy. What is the most psychological determines? Paul Tom. I don't know. No questions. I'm not a<|vi|>. I'm not a<|vi|>. Oh. H recognising likes to stop pushing on that man. You've been working on this a long time. I mean, yeah. So did you? No questions. Do Tho got a invent and a new curse? If I say, yeah, yeah, curse you are a curses, you know. Right, thinks that you shouldn't be reflying anything in his life. More controversial than effects, hello, goodbye. and the colkett malmartine is an office and yeah, that's something all right just in there to be at America wanted to share with you I'm gonna have who say a man is that malmartine is anything no and bush you know what I've noticed to the all the people are uneducated all the uneducated people who are supposed to have to everybody that's not some type of education right it's all right some type of knowledge carries the borders but I mean I got to say that you know for us in this nation so I'm sure you may have been in for care that is correct I'll be looking for a border palli okay bring some good cram 5670560 pound five 60 on the Verizon and Ceguero wireless lens the polling looking through promising as far as you move try to cheer up a little bit okay it's only you'll be another four years ahead be over before you know it which applies to your feelings about the election result yesterday 1071 all right who's that is that they've had voiced any other back who is that no it must be some red software it's not a lot of janna here going to jump it's beautiful it's not like some celebrities some athletes some of them jats are not who that is cloud oh ten number seventy one votes what's your feeling about the election first off three sixty two two a title two sixty three set in the press one way and a two great let us know what I'm at hundred and eighty five that is over one eight ecstatic sixty five please thirty three what result thirty two and a different twenty nine no kidding I don't have any idea who that is for them is they really believe in that last week uh... you know the only school of nothing set why should I care I don't go back to the community twenty two and a half yes sir as a government all right as a as far as nine eleven goes you know your new jersey and you see with the most affected by nine eleven right yeah they want to carry you know i mean overwhelming you know and another thing what about the senator that heard about that he's uh... against homosexuals and uh... women that have children uh... outside of web market know not being teachers have you heard about that one yeah where's that it that's uh... what is there's like four like that they're all the same oh my god man where's the control you know i mean it's like telling a hand mask right uh... my doctor line anyway is my i guess i'll go back to our casino that's my country so you know every dinner to you me go all right man why do i say how to some of not see down there right that they all come on there ain't nothing wrong with witness i at least uh... we'd wait a couple years a fine place i don't remember been there so we can't have more not see the one of the places if you're going to go down there that's right and the not see there are so much better that's what how they're all so much is here much more of the nine is supposed to be the ones we got out that are running the country so i'd pass you some you see and i had to happen a lot more and a much more different way all though in two thousand they were able to go ahead steal the election broad daylight everybody knew it and they did it in koo hoots with the so called supreme court and they're fine they're at token promise on air and scully and right quits who's dying over there and it happened right there and the media you see the american media when the history of the this chapter of history goes down and about trust me when i tell this american media is going to take the brunt of the criticism because they're the ones who have been the co-conspirators for their embedding in a rack and they've been in bed with them all along yeah but it's been a couple of them all this crap we never heard one more word about valoury plane we never all of a sudden the whole thing about abugar that all dried up about the uh... secret me and tini head with a so called uh... energy people with canny boy lay in all of those nothing you people in the media man if anybody ought to be out of business if anybody ought to be in jail you people have advocated to be responsible to totally sold out you just a bunch of pitchman kind of bookers are showman like that crossfire crapping on it now i think of a cross by i don't even know that even the not see that he is just another clown in the circus that's all he's doing in the suit and that's so he came with a lot of time and james carbo with his bald head who's as a lid rid of the day is long was talking to the other he was talking like a quick one day on air about he can't repeat it to a million dollars in certain such now would be bad for business you grave robbers you lunatics you you peddlers of puk one fifty two a two and i get my phone across no set again albour counter tomorrow a house the time to save like never before i'm strong for the home state where they absolutely must clear out all remaining for us to make room for the 2005 you'll save like never before an all remaining for us in stock ready for a immediate delivery and all the oh five's are in and ready to roll out right now when that they're gonna roll them out plus for limited time gets your present financing on any of the following explorers escapes focuses torsive and mustings certain restrictions apply lots of arms dog for the home state are jammed with moral files get coming in every day in the cut prices like crazy save you a lot of cash i'm strong for the offer is more value to you like i always tell you when you buy your four dharma strong for it you'll get the exclusive tires and bad ways for life program so if you've been wanting to do carbon putting it off wait on another second maybe rich in the staff at arms from for the home state will guarantee you the best price anywhere and don't forget because they're looking for an operated want to make you a customer for life no treat you well just like family and i guarantee i'm actually great and the water not sees life so many means that sovereign and it's you're a you're a you've been given so many and you're new is a sovereign entity and therefore the relationship between the federal government and tribes one between so frenities but let's get mad dog of the second fact that we still from yesterday what are you saying but what do you listen when we Sue Ay, do you hear me? To distress you? teeth are right. Mmm, people to do knives will not come back and try to take revenge at home Be dear to our completely without fear I n't need him soon! I any fucking damn funny at your own bathroom!