You talk to Garnabana Gowler's chat cheats man, Lack of the Golden. Wow. Nicky Licky Licky. She weigh in. My heavy Ford Lourty. Ow! How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein, Hurt your brother. It's Friday, you bestie. Ow! How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein, Hurt your brother. You go, boy. I just get goosebumps every time I play there. I'm just playing the whole four hours today. Ow! Huh? Okay. But don't over and over again. Get everybody whipped up like a pep rally. Anyway, just calm down. First, little loose from Iraq, just a little bit. We don't want to get too newsy that New York, a little bit guy from off the streets at a bronze, he'll be calling in again. How come you're so newsy? Well, because we feel like it. Okay. Because, you know, we do whatever it is how we want. Generally speaking, gunman opened fire on a US Army vehicle today in Najep's twin city, wounding two American soldiers and raising fears over the agreement struck today before. Now, the road baffes a little bumpy already. To end the bloody standoff around this Shiite holy city. In fact, there's a sea of awe. Shiite here we go again. Elsewhere, US troops escorting a convoy of inmates released from the Abu Ghara, rape prison, briefly if she ain't fired with the salons today. It was the third major release from the facility since the scandal broke over the abuse of the Tini's last month and we fought out at 90 percent and probably were there for nothing because they just happened to be hanging around. Yeah, Iraqis, they're terrorists. They're suspicious, right? But I thought we were freeing the suspicious Iraqis. Anyway, we had 1660 votes on the podium. See, you know, first it was the weapons of mass destruction. We didn't have any of those. Then it was, well, a side of must have been in bed with the Osama Yumama. Well, we found out that definitely was not true. And so we had to come up with something. So it's this glorious operation Iraqi freedom. Anybody buying that, only the dumbest of the dumb. Speaking of dumbest of the dumb way, till we get to that story about the so-called terror alert. Oh, brother. No, no, seriously. This is just, I mean, you talk about playing politics with fear. This is just enough to scare the crap out anybody. You know, hey, there's a danger. Every time the full numbers, what have I all said consistently right along? Every time the pulls come on and gets worse and worse for the bush crowd for this group of Nazis, all of a sudden, all of some miraculous things comes along. Oh, well, we just found Sodom or, oh, we just head into the big terror alert. You better quote it up the bat and get real scared. Yeah. The only thing we have to fear as Roosevelt would say is a dysfunction. Anyway, what big TV hit you all the past five years, do you think was the biggest piece I've Schmidt? That's what we asked yesterday. And over 1660 votes to be exact. And on a coal show, when's Hans Danna? Are you people at Facts Denson? She's going to pass all the others like her stand and still you folks were... Absolutely correct. Yeah, 1010 for a big fat disgusting animal coal. Who ain't quite as big in fat as before, but still is disgusting. American idol 295 for those of us who have not the least bit interested. See, this is the panwagon effect. Oh, you got to be out of American idol. We're going to have the winner and we don't care. So we refuse to care about crap that we don't we didn't care about it before. So why should we it's like mash, you know? Oh, 80 trillion people watched the last episode of Mass. Now if you like mash, I can understand that. But if you didn't like it at all, like sign-feld. Remember the big semis they made about that. Oh, right. So last episode of sign-feld, you only see it in syndication eight trillion times. And if you didn't like the sign-feld show, then you probably didn't care about the first episode. The last episode away into one zin be twin. Oh, you're just an anti-semite. There you go. I learned it from you. American idol 295, Survivor 161, Jerry Springer 143, the simple life 105. What about the spooners? The silver spooners. Anyway, Joe Mendin are 104. Ricky Lake 74, she disgusting. She is nausea. Yeah. Friends 72, the Osborne's 55, the Wikers I can't believe that. This audience 55 people like the Osborne's is the biggest piece of crap. Shame on you, Sharon. They just hate the kids. And Sharon. The Wikersling 48, Fear factor 47, with the old turn of the Wikard worm. I hear that muff like that one. The Bachelor 39, Big Brother 36, the Bachelor Wet32, meet my parents 25, no thanks. The real world of 19. The real world had 1980, even when we put it on there. Yeah. It was wrong with that show. It's stupid, but nevertheless, it's got naked teenagers. Oh, man. You people better get your priorities straight now, and maybe something else do while we're at it. Back in the day, we could tell you what we're thinking about. The real world, boy. Backer 14, soprano's 14, which I know you're not too pleased with that. I wasn't afraid. Well, that was near the bottom. Fraser 11 and the Wien's brothers said 11. You've got the big fight. Let's watch the Wien's. I'll just say, yeah. For my part, now it was Damon Wien's that was in, um, Requiem. Correct. There you go. Well, I have trouble getting my Wien's. Yeah, they all at the same view. Separated. They all seem the same. Anyway, on our beaded curtain today, we have something next to special Memorial Hall of A.A. Weekend bonus. No extra charge. Two for the prep. We got four for the price of one. I mean, two pictures. Right. And four movies. Huh? In fact, you might get a quality food in a track. Either a full frontal assault. Oh, yeah. Now, you're kind of apologizing for this before the show, but I think we start paider. We've got a very patriotic thing. We should start something. Yeah, too. Right. I bet you would. Anyway, speaking of Nell McHandard and people maybe wondering who the hell is that? You don't really care who it is. You just want to see the pictures, but I'll tell you anyway. On November 6, 1973, a star was born in Leeds, England, to work in the past family. What? Miguel's standing at attention in the city. Now, Betty is. And why not? Any rubbed, but it spicked like him. Tracy, of course, he probably is this weekend. Be drillin some glory holes over it, highly. And here they plugged up the old ones. Oh, David. See, doc got confused. He thought they plugged the toilets were plugged up at the AT room, but it turned out that the glory holes got plugged up. So, Miguel's got his pneumatic portable drill. Anyway, Tracy McHandard was ever the athletic one and threw out childhood dream to becoming a police woman. Wow. Who wouldn't want to be frist by her? What red blood of the American headrow wouldn't want to be? Working in a bank after she finished school McHandard realized that she had a higher calling and it was modeling not law enforcement that lay in her future. Moving to London, McHandard aggressively shocked her look around. It was the daily star newspaper that first latched onto this babe and put around its front cover. Not much time passed before other publications that were asking about this new face. And after entertaining a few other offers, McHandard took on her first big job as the real life representation of the video game character, Lara Croft. Have you heard that? Yeah, too great. No, uh? Lara Croft, too great. No. To fit the parts you allegedly went from a B cup to a D cup thanks to the wonders of modern medicine. Oh, I'm sorry. That's unfortunate. Whatever. Following the footsteps as such as Dallas models as Roma, Metra, the Candidate Tour, the Tomb Raider Heroin for over a sheet toured as the Tomb Raider Heroin for over a year, attracting attention to conventions and imprint. This experience was regarded by McHandard as invaluable though a sour note was left to being the after-bing the 90-oportunity to appear at the British movie premiere of Tomb Raider starring Angelina Jolie. After all, McHandard was partly responsible for making Lara Croft a cult figure that she be. In 99, she served as co-host of the entertaining British game show. It's a knockout. The host named job lasted two seasons of our ratings remained high. At the same time, she served as a VGA on VH1's spice, continuing to beat down the stigma that Lara Croft models for years go downhill once the gig is up. And it goes on. Every the active woman McHandard flattered fellow sub AC became an entertainment reporter for the big breakfast. Another Brit show during this time she graced the covers of loaded and front as well or they could have put them just together at loaded front. Rounding off a busy couple of years since the start of the millennium at Kandurgot and Fulvin the celebrity survivor show called Amma Celebrity Get Me Out of Here in 2002. And it goes on and on. There you go. She's there. Two pictures for the price of none. As a little holiday bonus to lift your spirits and look for whatever else she's got there, which is a lot. Let me do the break because once we give this as Croft stuff, got a little contra time going on there now. After 9-11, we suppose to have learned those lessons. Remember that about the FBI and the CIA and our... The agencies weren't communicating well and they were like protective of their own fight them and all the other crap. We didn't just learn lessons. And they always come to find out that Tom originally, people at the Department of So-called Homeland Security are forming at the mouth because they weren't invited. They didn't know nothing. And then the mayors have told us they didn't know not need her. And then come to find out that of those seven people at least two of them are in jail and maybe some of them are dead. Remember that pictures he was whipping out the other day? Yeah. The agency case was a bug in them, where the pictures he was supposed to see and there was ask Croft of the picture. So once again, it just desperation is what it's called. Desparation. And we do have that zombie thing that they've got, how curious, electoral college kick-and-ass. So we get a lot of fish to fry today, plus a few of your stellar phone calls, which there just ain't no better in his demand kind than on the meteorologist show. Trust me. Oh god. And I'll tell you. There ain't nothing quite like our callers. Thank God. It's a 12 minutes past 10 at 5, 60 on by the way. Join the mad dog at two days. He brought cast live from Hooters on pines and universities. Stop by for an autograph signing with Marlon's picture Brad Penny. In fact, mad dog said, taste like a penny to me. Enjoy specials on Heinrich and when some prizes that's mad dog and Brad Penny at Hooters and Pembroke Pines, two to fold the settoon. And join little George tomorrow noon to two at Intel Wireless. At 1595 Northwest 57th Avenue, Miami stop by to spin that wheel for prizes. That's tomorrow at Intel Wireless and authorized Verizon Wireless agent at noon with little Jorge. You know, boom. We better talk about this. We allowed them through today a few times because Monday's the deadline for the special deal. Boom is like comparing the great beautiful picture DVDs to scratch your old kinoscope. That's how great it is. Boom is high definition TV delivered by a satellite dish, HD receiver, and it comes right in your home. Boom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV, specifically. Boom is got the most HD TV. You'll find that he wearing provides all the equipment you need to enjoy. The ultimate HD TV experience including your satellite dish remote and of course HD receiver too. Boom is got. BOT GUDMA. Over 30 channels of HD programming you can watch ESPN for example on high definition. Reach right in there and pat them athletes right on the butt. That's three times more than you get from cable. And to go out your other favorite channels like HBO, MTV, even your local local channels. You can even watch rich sandwiches on their while he's still on. Boom has got over 120 channels of great entertainment. Boom has exclusive channels too. Here's the big part of HD movies, music and sports that you can't even get at all at any price from your cable as satellite company. So with Boom you've got all the channels you get now plus all these awesome high definition channels too. Call Boom today for a limited time offering you better do it right now because the offer ends this Monday Memorial Day, May 31. Call toll free, 1-866-848-8666 or visit online at boom.com. And look at this sports video by 60. The good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein or to the other side of the country. And watch this sports video by 60. The good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein or to the other side of the country. And watch this video by 60. You ain't seen nothing yet. You ain't seen nothing yet. You ain't seen nothing yet. You ain't seen nothing yet. You ain't seen nothing yet. You ain't seen nothing yet. You ain't seen nothing yet. I've got a great 10-18 at 5-60. W-w-m-happy Friday. Happy Memorial Day holiday weekend. Boy, you can find out today. Well, first of all, here's the really good news. Now, all you people are like picking on poor little George and sometimes is really so, but nevertheless, I take a look at this schedule we got on Monday. Now, of course, this is a big shot like me working on Memorial Day. You might be too sweet at sun, not. But anyway, almost nobody is. The only semblance we have like a real regular person on the schedule. Well, if you count the big, try it on and buy the way. Get them all back. But I never thought I'd be Johnson and her most voice. Wow. I think that's the strategy of our program, the department. I'm marketing it down. It's to put a lot of the big, so we Jones for a moment. That's a good boy. Boy, that big-oh, he is just, I don't want to keep going into it. Well, yes, I do. Anyway, Monday, Curtis, Beast and Land because it's a holiday. You're going to be on there. And that should be a real something to sleep through. Okay, six to ten, four hours of that. Wow. Oh, I shouldn't have. I shouldn't have said that. I was about to say, how do you like to follow that? Then George is going to follow that from ten to two. And that's the only semblance we've got to like anybody that's like on every day. Yeah, but I ain't going to be talking much. Why not? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Say that you got a ton of great calls. I think it's me taking it. You'll get more and more than we got right now. Well, I noticed we had a whole bunch of them before. And if they think I'm going to waste my time, I'll get a few calls in today. Maybe, uh, third man would be more like five. We'll get a bunch of them in there because it's a very important holiday weekend. I can't imagine anybody with an IQ larger than their small fingernail being in town now. Now the kids are off from school, are they, right? Yes. And so you got where anyway, don't know about date. In, uh, so you got basically a four day holiday weekend or at least a three day for everybody. And why would anybody hang around when it can go to like drive right up the old highway to Savannah or like you'll see why it's WQAM. Hello. And who am? WAM. Yes, sir. Happy moral day. And back to you. Sounds to me like you're pumping out of your the gas station. I'm pumping it. I agree. Uh, okay. Let's see, uh, then Georgia and then Warren Crow Marty from two to three 30. Oh, my god. That is unbelievable. Like I've said before, there are people on death row for, uh, lesser crimes than that, right in the middle of the daytime. No, I got the crow by the right here home, boy. And it would be broadcasting from the ballpark and gay G as in God awful. So do you like the crow, or the OMO? Uh, the homo. I like that one. Yeah. I'm a homo. Marlins on deck 3 30 and a reds and a more on then we got the big. Oh, seven. So I guess we'll, well, yeah, just as a gesture of, uh, decency to the big old. He's on too much. I mean, uh, regular. So Georgia be the closest thing you want to like kiss George right through the a speaker or your radio on Monday. See, oh, thank God we are like at least a familiar voice. Maybe when we don't like, but at least a familiar voice. I thought just be spinning the hits. Yeah. I hope he's spinning it. Now line nine, I've had it excited about it. QA and hello, line nine. Yeah, what the pole? Good. How did you put it? I didn't hear the pole. Well, then just get lost. Okay. He didn't hear the pole yet. I'm fact, we're going to have you climb up at how do you like that? And maybe monkey round a little bit there at the top. Oh. Here's the days pull. I'm glad he asked. I almost forgot about. I was so excited about that Ashcroft and Tom Ridg stuff and about these seven The Disparados. Here's the pole. What movie not x-rated is the hottest you've ever seen? And you've claimed we've done this from before. I don't remember it. Yes, we did. Disjash, remember it? He's not here. Who's there? Miguel. Oh, what? Where the hell is Josh? Oh, yeah. Obener boys here today. Oh, certainly was Josh got another busman's holiday today. What's that all about? The board. He's in court again. Like I said, we got peanut boy today. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Well, we seem to have a run on board ops in there. I'll spend all their time in court anyway. What movie not x-rated is the hottest you've ever seen. I put three choices on there. And I think that no matter what your persuasion is, especially friendly persuasionist Patel Boone in a box would say, you'd have to read that these are three of some of them. Were you there? They were there. Look at all right. I added one though. Blue the goon. These were the three I came to my mind. Blue the goon. Return to the blue the goon or paradise. I bet you're not going to like paradise. Absolutely right. With Willie Inz and TV Cates. A lot of naked young people running around in all three. Yes. And what's the other one? Body heat. Oh, body heat. Body heat. What movie not x-rated is the hottest you've ever seen. In fact, maybe like I watched on TV and set real rare close to the screen. Not now see here's line nine again. Everybody's calling back. QAM hello. What is it? Cock-keeper. Oh, man. Stop and pound it at a few seconds. Ashcroft has sailed on terror warning. Some allies that are prominent online security within the Bush administration. Members of Congress criticized it's pretty general dot ask. For issuing terrorist or warnings in a news conference on Wednesday, continue to fail to coordinate the information with the White House and with Homeland Security with the White House even. How do you like that? How do you like that? It was a Department of Homeland Security which has the job of releasing threat warnings. But he just took a bottom cell in between covering up all the naked statues to like it. Everybody whipped up and were frenzy. I guess he saw those latest poll members. He's trying to help his body. With FBI director Robert S. Mueller, the turd by his side, as Croft said at news conference two days ago that credible intelligence from multiple sources indicates that I'll cut a plan to attempt and attack on the US in the next few months. This disturbing intelligence indicates I'll cut a specific intention is at the US hard. The edit that the information has been corroborated on a variety of levels. The entire story is falling. Under the Homeland Security Act of 2002, and Bush administration rules, only the Department of Homeland Security can publicly issue threat warnings. And they must be approved in a complex interagency process involving the White House. Administration official sympathetic to Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ritz said he wasn't informed that as Croft was going to characterize the threat in that way. And assertion that justice officials deny. So once again, while our lives are hanging in the balance, your government can't get the right together. Oh, you did it. No, we did it. They did it. Yes. The dog done it. Just like what's his name said? What's the case in Williams? The dog, the whole. Was a suicide. Early yesterday, while we already know about that. Yesterday, representative Christopher Cox, Republican and California, a chairman of the House of the Committee on Homeland Security and a guarding of Riddish's turf within the administration, released a statement criticizing Ascroft. He said, you're an Ascroft. The seven Asian by our government of sensitive terrorism warnings must be closely coordinated across our intelligence and law enforcement communities. In the whole mind security at the H.S. was assigned to the Central Courtenity World and this process, the absence of Secretary of Riddish from yesterday's news conference, held by the Attorney General and the Director of the FBI, and a conflicting public message is there seven public appearances delivered to the nation, so just that the broad and close interagency consultation we expect in which the law requires did not take place in this case. Oh, my God. American public state and local enforcement governors and mayors and private sector officials with responsibility for critical infrastructure. All deserve crystal clarity when it comes to terrorism threat advisories Cox be saying, while publicly professing only collegiality and cooperation, Region Afkraught have occasionally struggled for the past two years. They've argued for months of whether homeland security and the agency investigate terrorism financing and last year, rigidly, they could do not only on the FBI's lead. Some administration officials also complained yesterday that just to Department of FBI officials in private conversations with the reporters may have suggested that the latest evidence of a terrorist attack is new when it's about six weeks old official said it's old news. And a administration official sympathetic to Riddish said there's a concern that this wasn't coordinated by the system. The H.S. hasn't placed a communicative kind of sensitive information. And let me do the break. And there are actually some of these at least two of the people are in jail or run at list with the seven pictures that he put up there. And the mayors have a most of the day city said we didn't know not about it. Nobody told us nothing. So it's great to see it's a comforting thing to see that your government is really doing a great job of protecting us, right? That's why we have placed such great trust and at least on the job of fighting terrorism, he'd be doing that. That's the one area we still trust the Bushmeister. You know, fat boys, a whole day every day of that. You're a loser fat boy, okay, you're from the Tidewreck School of doing nothing. What an idiot. 26 after 10 at 5, 60 WQA and spring at the savings right now and saved like never before a great new power truck from Armstrong to Toyota of Homestead. It's easy to get there. They're on US one. There's 20 minutes out of the 86 and it may not be real close to where you are, but it's well worth the drive because they're going to save you thousands on great new towers even cover the price against. Check out these great leases and O4 camera your 4-Water for just 269 a month or 48 months. How about an O4 Highlander for just 309 a month? Need a truck? How about an O4 tower to turn with the safest truck in the US of A? You pay just 179 a month or 48 months. And these are just some of the great savings waiting for you. Right now at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. And there's service department is even open to late to late week. Nice to make sure they get all your stuff done for you. They'll do just about anything out of the sun to get you into a Toyota with a great deal. Easy to find them there on the corner of US one. And 293th Street in Homestead like I said just 20 minutes off of the 86. And there's an extra special reason why I want to do your car shop in there. Armstrong Toyota of Homestead offers you three tires, free batteries and replacement parts for life here vehicle. That's right. Free tires, batteries and parts for life. Nobody else ever heard of doing that. So forget about the big mega dealers who are full of crap and who scream and holler and carry on. And then let you down. Call a GM at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. David Rich right now for a deal at his unbeatable. Call 305-242-3247. Un? They leave a 305-242-3247. Travel little and save a ton on that great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. In the shade I want to be at my own planet lane. I give a day when I'll enter the station too but not call that no man. Because I saw I saw no man beside a mall. I don't know. I'm crazy. I hear some top-poly, shoot out of rock. Right, push, breathe. What is back, what do we want to eat? I saw. I saw. Oh man. I saw. I saw. Oh man. Amen. Amen. Amen. 1032 at 516-WDQM-9. And a half week somebody says. What movie not expected was the hottest you've ever seen. I haven't heard it. Told you they played that. We knew that was coming in. Also I knew this would be coming in too. See you're bearing your all yourself. Bruce and well-manors suggest a bunch up a little bit Bruce will you place people are starting to talk in. That Norma can't quit the setting me all your self-aggrandizing craft nobody cares. Just a little. There need a why can't such be your regular guest host who would make your serial vacations a lot more palatable for us listeners who is often in the main reason that such thing could be our guest host is that he wants to get paid. In addition to the second reason after that his son doesn't do shows he's a co-host. He's a professional co-host and free luncheater. And that's it. I never have any of the figure that out but he just does want to do shows along. Am I right? No he said he'd be more than happy to do shows. He did? I've heard him say that before. When did you say that? Oh here and there. How come when Rick wasn't there? A son would do like about 20 minutes and then would call in the sick from the other read run on the other room and call in sick. Is that how it happened? I think Gary Bruce didn't like him or something. Oh, is that it? Well let any of you write that to deal. So, he's going to be doing a pain somebody extra and just like I said see there you go. That's the a south border crowd for I give him the good news the George is going to work on a holiday on Memorial Day. Because we haven't got anybody else by frankly and we're going to play some of those stupid old tapes we could. But we don't want to do that. So we have George coming on a year on a holiday no less and that's the gratitude you got. Well, who do you put so John or yeah? We work Bruce. Let's go critique your job. WQAM hello. Come on Rick. Let's go to cover Rachel. And you? Yes sir. Show girls. Show girls? That did it for me. Okay thanks, Palin. Don't forget of Nell and McAndre speaking of show girls he's showing it. Two pictures for the price of one and waving it all glory there for Memorial Day on top of it. You can't get more patriotic than that. Oh, so when do we get back to this? At least two of the terrorists identified by John Ascroft as part of an alchitas cell that's waiting to attack America this summer are already in jail. Oh, a respected website that holds databases on terrorist suspects lists. I'm here al Mathe is incarcerated. Likewise, obvious sedickey a female former MIT student was arrested in Pakistan over a year ago according to NBC. And the cell that these individuals are said to belong to doesn't even exist. The Abu Hops al-Mazri group was described by the Boston Globe as a Phantom organization. Cadillac to Florida Panthers, a Phantom organization. The researchers could find no evidence that the group was real or Israel. Each time a new terrorist retis announced or a terrorist suspect is captured, we discover they've either already been arrested or they've been dead for a year or more. Furthermore, and here's the part that really makes you scratch your head and wonder and be pretty damn positive when you come right down to. We don't have to wonder too much. Furthermore, New York City and Los Angeles officials told writers that they hadn't been informed by the government of any terror threat, despite the fact that people like Ashcroft and Ridge are all over the media, Firmong bring about the inevitability of an attack before the election. Oh brother, it's the, you think you knew something about the fear factor? This is the real fear factor, okay? Forget about stupid TV shows. Forget about eating the wicked worm, okay? It's the fear factor. Parts one through a hundred with a bush crowd with an anti-trained. Yeah, better believe it. Abu Ghara, rape, rape. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WQAM, hello. And now? Yes sir. Yeah, why don't we put potty meat up on there too? Potty heat, did we just put that on there? Yeah, put it on there. We're practicing, we got something to go. Thank you. Thanks. See, it's my fault. I should've told how it's going. So far, body heat's got sixteen. We turned the blue Lagoon's got three. The original blue Lagoon three, which I guess depends on who you'd like. I know nobody's going to know the names of the return of the blue Lagoon because they're like European kids. What do you mean the blue Lagoon? No, I know the girls. They, blue Lagoon was Chris Atkins and don't Tom Berth Shields. Right. Uh, return of the blue Lagoon was Millid Jobovich, who we've had on the beat at Perton before, for being right. And, uh, some guy, some Czechoslovakian guy. Yeah, no, no, no, no. Some hot, the European guy. Uh, body heat, seventeen, blue Lagoon, five, showgirls three. Return to the blue Lagoon's three, nine and a half weeks one and Perton dice. Has got one and how many votes we got so far? Not turning man. Just one up there. It'll just pop up. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line. WQAM, hello. In the, like, I got a new word for you. Yeah. It's going to describe George Bush and all his followers and cronies. They're the Bush bags. Oh, I like that. Don't be a Bush bag. There you go. And so far as the right now, we can still say it. That's right. Okay, thanks, Pally. Have a great holiday weekend. Go ahead and nice echo on it. Call them me. It was good. Let me get fat boy and echo, okay? You are an idiot, Pant boy. You're a liar. You're a do nothing. You're just full of crap. And don't ever darken our door again. I don't want nothing to do with him. Him and Todd direct the two can a loop. Go to Provend. Go to Ptown over the weekend. We're just go to Town and P. WQAM, hello. Yes, hi. How are you? Pretty good. I have a film. I can't remember the name of it. I have a very special film. The Hunger. The Hunger. The Hunger. There you go. The Hunger. Okay. And shall we get an aptly name? You take you back. Okay, thanks, Pally. I have a great weekend. The Hunger, really? I have a scene there. Oh yeah, it's a good watch. David Bowie's in it as well. Oh, well, nothing's perfect. Nothing for you. I see. That sounds like a line from Godfather 3. When Andy Garcia was waltzed around hanging out the envelopes with all the big cash in there and there's Joey Zaza. Nothing for you. Remember that? Sure. Joey Zaza. That was about the only good thing, Andy Garcia didn't hold movies when he showed Joey Zaza. That was her one of the work. On the horse, no, I saw it. Joey Zaza. That was good. Thubby Q.A. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. I'd have to see. I was like, yes. What is it? I was like, yes. Oh, I was like, yes. Yeah, Nicole Kidman. Okay. Well, whatever you like. Okay, thanks. He liked it. He must be the only one I liked. It wasn't so much erotic as it was really long and boring. Bar and aggravating. Hey, listen, everybody needs to make a buck in his car. He liked it. Okay, in fact, he's probably watching it right now. Real close. He's probably got his DVD and his hand in his DVD. That is how I say that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Father, get in by the way. Only put his hands in. I wonder the boy shorts and scratches. Squeeze his cheeks a little bit. That one. That was. And I'm thinking I said to George before the show today. I'm thinking it might be a really good idea to find a guy that off father Gagan on the inside in the slamer. Right. So that one Michael Jackson goes to the big house if that should happen. And it looks increasing like they're peeing in their pants that it just might. The same guy can be in it with Michael Michael. He's a real American hero. See, one thing that they really don't like inside the slamer. They don't like pedophiles. They have this thing about that. They have like other legions. And as a result, when they put him in the big house, they tend not to like a Jeffrey Domer. Remember Jeffrey Domer? Sure. Who could forget? Didn't this stick around too long? Didn't take up too many of the taxpayer dollars. Thank the Lord. They'll go! 24, 11 at 5, 60, QAM. We're supposed to be in the old five season. QAM. Drad the good name! Of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein, Horses Prego. They're gonna seek your seeds right in to come to the sea. For every Democrat, I know it's not a piece of it. I think your Clark is lying under the sea. Hey, come to the sea. I'll make it to Western Kameza and to do it. One must of me. They will get hurt. And then I got hurt. Another count. The count. The count. The crown. But you're for it. She's as hard. We just can't wait for this one thing to start. They're gonna seek your seeds right in to come to the sea. For every Democrat, I know it's gonna be tough. I think your Clark is lying under the sea. Hey, come to the sea. Oh, look at that new picture we just got from our group. I read. She went at the moment they all packed the window box. And let me see if they can get the old thumbs up on that one. I'll talk to her. She's easy to please. That's what I heard. She's just easy. Jason Poppy is that it's Poppy. What is it? Jason Poppy. Jason Poppy. I Poppy. No sex. Explosive or implicit, but it says, oh my God. Oh my God. That's what it says. You see that? No. Well, what is it? How do you know what it is? I heard about it. I saw the previous. And what do you hear? There's no nudity. But it has a Sofia Vergara. So how could it be that? Well, what's not to like? Girls gone wild. There's John and Columbia South Carolina who desperately needs to tell America. I have no life. But I think we already figured that out. Basic instinct. For sure. Okay. Did we tell you what? I thought somebody already said that. I don't think so. Mom, maybe they did. I'm busy with booting. I'm rebooting and hooting and the hollering. Okay. Two moon jumps you and some are lovers. Two moon. Two moon. What is it? Two moon. What did I say? Moon. Coction. Yeah. And some are lovers with Darrell Head and Valera Equinesia. Oh yeah. And the other ever made dinner at one two I think. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and C in Verizon. At least time hang saying that that one. Thank the Lord for that. Oh brother. Too bad he couldn't have hopped in the bathtub and drowned. 560560 on the AT&T and C in Verizon line. But movie not x-rated is the hottest you ever have in Zinnon. C in WQAM hello. Yes sir. I don't know the title. Which were Billy Bob and Bree and Halle Perry. I can't watch 5 minutes of it. Most of it. Ball man. Very nice. It's like just the 10 minutes to go right. Good choice. Okay. Thanks a lot pal. Good. Is the commercial guy there on? Yeah. To the FCLE. Take your stick it. Take it. We can't like it. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. We got a message. Okay for the people. Not that we don't want to take their money because we'll take anybody's money on this radio station as you know. But our message to the people I want to like the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the seatbelt police. Look at and stick it. Yeah. That's my message. Okay. To the click it stick it. Look at and stick. Yeah. We'll order right. It's a ticket. But. Oh yeah. No they don't want to write ATK and they want to write about 50,000. If not 50,000 maybe 30,000. That's the new quota. Get out of our face. Okay. With your little book and tickets. Go save somebody's life. Go do something worthwhile. Go find some lost puppies or something and do something useful. We get out of our face with you damn radar guns. You idiots you. You clowns. You silly people you. Body heat. Well, let's make see what we got on here because I just rebooted this whole thing. What movie not x-ray is the hottest you ever seen? Body heat 25 nine and half weeks 19. The old blue lagoon is got nine. Showgirls eight return to the blue lagoon four. Paradeces got a pair. Eyes wide shot. It's got one. Hunger has got one and none yet. Her basic instinct to moon junction. Cock a moon junction. Some are lover or monster's balls out of the first 69. Can I say that? No. How about a QAM hello. QAM hello. Can we make it over three? WQAM hello. Yeah. I have a movie hot movie on fateful. On fateful. That's why I thought you just said okay thank you so you're on fateful you got it. We got it. Is very on fateful in it. No. Oh. Then it might just be pretty good. Spam or sentenced to seven years in prison. You seen this story? No I had not. I heard it's that they caught him but not the big shfarts are with a big heavy puppet. Howard Carmack. They caught him on the tarmac. Buffalo New York. Boy we know all the stuff that goes on in Buffalo man and none of it's good. There ain't nothing good. Have it in Buffalo. If seven maybe for the people that got out. Nothing good happening in Tanawanda in Cheek Tawaga. Lackawana. Hamburg. Fridonia. Depue. Eerie. What's the other one? It's a Lee Roy. A man who sent 850 million junk emails to her council. The one he sent was sent to her council. The one with sixty dollars or seventy years in prison yesterday. He sent eight hundred and fifty million junk emails to her council. The one with forty dollars. And led a baste. Ourslink. Incited. Hope the. The one with sixty four million dollar civil judgement. Howard Carmack. The two other spammers. I hate spam. And you of course should know better than anybody spam is for go. Right before. The one more spammy mail. Hawaiians, they love it. Do they really? Yeah. Maybe that's why they got those big fat poops like that by the case. Before Spammer said a more and more spammy me, we should uh, let them remember what happened to Howard Carmack and happy to them. So Karen Caseyon, Earthlings as Assistant General Counsel, jurors sentenced Carmack to seven years for convictions in March of 4th Vyadinatee Thep and falsifying business records he must have a minimum 3.5 years. Earthlings had Carmack ran 343 illegal email accounts under 40 names from 2002 until his arrest last May using them as send, unsolicited email ads for things like get-rich quick schemes and sexual enhancers. Now we know where all that crap came from? And by the way Howard, they didn't work. Carmack told the judge he believed the case against him was overblown. Saying there were no victims, obviously regret the soul involvement he said. Carmack was convicted of the prodigal or flink and eight men from New York or how Washington DC last May. The company won a civil judgment. The 16.4 million against Carmack. You think they're going to collect? Right. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. We got mad dog at Hooters in the pines today at two. The Humper. The Humper is on a whole three hours today. Boy, better be working out for him. My congratulations to Hank. 47 for the Hebrew hammer. Semitaclock Marlins on deck. The Metz at the Marlins. What? I wasn't much of a road trip wasn't. No. What? What? What? What? What? I just. No, no, seriously. What kind of a road trip was that? They went to Cincinnati. Where did they play before that? Here. What? There. There weren't time before that. They go to Cincinnati for one serious and other back home again. Boy, nice schedule. Next at the Marlins at 735 the night any camp to the baseball game. How about those Tampa May lightning, baby? Oh. I'm not sure everybody in town is over Tampa right now celebrating partying going nuts. Wild thing somebody says. It turns out. Okay. Secretary. Never heard it. Well, somebody says it did double the trouble. Did. You know. I can't go. Yeah, I was something like that. Right. So dear, the list is growing and I've only something else is to don't forget to take a peek at Nell McAndrew. Speaking of double the trouble, we got a quadruple shot of something on there for it. Dr. Chargewood diluting cancer drug. Man, I hate when they do that. Coral Gables, yourologist Paul Perrito was arrested yesterday accused of selling diluted cancer in AIDS medications. Sometimes from the homestead strip club that he owns in a scheme alleged to have met at almost $60 million for all the participants. Also arrested was his business partner Nicholas Eust where's that just? Just Eust. Those arrest are delayed this afternoon. Two dozen others are made over the past 15 months in the Far reaching case. Perrito 42 and used 47 are charged with racketeering conspiracy to commit racketeering organized gas scheme to defraud product tampering vending of counterfeit drugs and the purchase of prescription drugs from an online person. The most serious charges are punishable by up to years in prison. The state plan to seek forfeiture of the strip club is moving to revoke its liquor licenses well. Perritos attorney Brian Tanan Baum. Oye. Said the doctor intended to plead not guilty. Preter remained in jail late last night with Bill said a 2.6 million dollars. Juiced was also in jail. Ten and bombs said I don't know how pronounced that. A spokesman for Eust. Just could not be located. And after David five by agent Gary Venema of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement presented a lure description of the urologist dealing illicit prescription drugs from playpan south on South Texas. You how in homestead of it. You guys have made it with that. The playpan south never heard of it. Oh, well you did now. So if you need good drugs. The doctor also has led to received large amounts of cash there and who have used controlled substances himself sometimes with a stripper named Barbie. According to an eyewitness whose name was concealed in the affidavit a stripper named Barbie and I'm sure you must have that you were planning to be for the show today. Yeah. That's a bad effect. We go. Yeah. The idea that somebody can be so cruel is to be willing to profit by wickening life-saving drugs to cause the suffering of other human being is just outrageous. Florida attorney general miss Charlie Chris said in telephone interview the investigation is continuing. Miss Chris was pissed. There you go. A stripper named Barbie. The accounts of at least two witnesses were backed up by examination of bank records and it goes on and on bad stuff and it goes in great detail. It's in the harrel today. So for once maybe they got a stray right. I doubt it. But they got some of the facts right. 560 pound five 60. So we ever seen Charlie Chris Mark Foley and Janet Reno together. They're going to shoot them together and you're real. WQAM hello. Yes. Speaking. I have no right man. I have no right. Okay. I know you guys are talking about thank you movies. I got to give you my personal faith. I'm afraid to the victim fire with a list of Milano. All right. Let me tell you. If God were. Let's. They would be a list of God bless. Take it. Okay. What do you say God breast? 560. 560 pound five 60 on the 18. Now listen Milano. She was on her bed and curtain right not too long ago. Yes. Yes. She absolutely was. Today we got now in the gang. I don't want to like pump that too much. But I do. I know that's that was why I said it. Give me the opportunity to move right in. Move back in. Where's Michael said step back in. See that lot of movies that you know the dialogue by heart because you've seen so many times. That will be you're trying to forget the dialogue quite frankly. Oh, I do like what she says. Dad. Dad. Mary. Why? Anyway, what do we got? Body heat 36 not an average 28. About 103. And it's a 60-to-angle. Then you can show. They're based against name 7 eyes wide shot four return to the blue lagoon four. All by the way Sheridan and Louisa on to lord again. Moscow's bar three two monkeys junction two paradise two and that's right The whiskey mountain, this how can you explain that to me, whether always spits a water up out of their lungs, but they like the morning l CR. Yes. This is the water coming out of their lungs. They got their long thing, they got some down. They got it. Master's Ball 3, two moon junctions got a pair of paradise head of pair and I think they belong to Willi Games and they also belong to Phoebe Kates. Yeah. I think that was a pair you were checking out. The hunger to on faithful one and no votes none for summer lovers, wild things, secretary and embrace of the vampire. If you watch paradise, then you'll understand why Scott Bay was always laughing at Willi and Zenachio. And you'll understand why Charles is in charge. Oh, my god. Mark my tiniest. 1057 at 560WQM if you are one of those low carb diets, the Atkins, the South Beach died God forbid. Sugarbusters are any low carb sugar free diet. The story you need to do a lot of shopping at and stuck upon all kinds of great goodies is the lights of West Boca. The number one low carb store in America. I'm in the new reduced carb products on store shelves are geared toward just cutting back on carbs, cutting down carbs, but not a losing weight. Well, that's just a waste of time. The lights of West Boca's expertise has always been a continues to be on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting for all of us fat farts. The lights carry over a thousand products where the focus toward the lowest carbs possible that can fit in ways of successful weight losing low carb plan. The spring service in full swing right now at Delightso stop on by. Their staff knows low carb dieting their experts on it and they're open every day seven days, week from 10 to the AM till 10 in the PM. The lights of West Boca you'll still find it on the northeast quarter of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market or you can give them a call at 1-877-LOW-CARB. Don't forget to let the West Boca truly is your official Atkins retail center. Why do you best in? Oh, what's the problem, Officer? The boy from the vehicle. If you're a god driving without a seatbelt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now, so click it or be shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the never ending fight against terrorism. Terrorist acts such as mouth noise. Perping and fighting. Good be annoying to others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the desigrated eating area will also be shot. It's the law. Be like saying that. The law. Look it and stick it. Yeah, I'm going to play that again and this time I'm going to be able to do it. See I forgot that was in there. And I bet you did too. What? What they didn't hear. Oh, I didn't hear it either. Anyway, I dumped it. Okay. What did you give me? Okay. I don't know what you're talking about. I didn't hear anything. Oh, what's the problem officer? The floor from the vehicle. If you're pod driving without a seatbelt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now. So click it or be shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the neverending fight against terrorism. Terrorist acts such as mouth noise. Corpings. You're knowing two others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the desigrated eating area will also be shot. We like saying that. Like that. I can live my spare time straight now when I saw you know it doesn't set off any alarms. It's not like a lifetime to get used to certain sounds all over again. Well you better set off and lie Mr. if you know what's good for us. Okay, so that's the right thing. Okay, here's a bunch of facts is on our poll today. What movie not expected is the hottest you've ever seen. No mercy rich a year in Kim Basinger says somebody. No mercy. Okay. Paul and Miami unfortunate I think is made a mistake although it could be my bad. We'll see. He says swept away the original only and he says last take when Peris which I do believe was got the X rating. Didn't it? You know I think initially it did. You could be right. I better look it up. I think you're right. Well no I mean there were movies like a colligula and last angle in Peris that were X rated and we're saying specifically that X rated now. But we're saying that X rated we're talking about porn on movies but nevertheless what's that cowboy picture? Fidnight cowboy. Oh. Well there was nothing sexy in that including some boy. But I heard it was X rated. Yeah. Well he was a hustler you know. No I don't. He and Ratsau were you never saw midnight cowboy? No I didn't. I think you probably thought of it. He was probably. One of the one of my gay acquaintances put cruising on one. I think that'll be. Oh geez. I cured me of any other kind of movie like that. Well that was not what Mendoe. Mendoe cowboy was. What am I looking up while you're talking about cramp last. Tanks. Tanks. No Christ. I'm sorry. Last angle in Peris. What should it cut your fingernails off. And then it's quote in Marlon Brando and here with words that we obviously can't use on here especially after we nearly had that fart sound on here. The monumental. Does it say what's rated here? I don't know if I let me go to IMDB. It doesn't even say that. But it would. But I'm sure that last angle in Peris got next rating. But you look it up and if not we'll put it on. In fact maybe we'll put it on there anyway because it wasn't like a porn movie. The story of, I didn't know they made a movie about him. How do you like that? The story of, oh. Do you know what that movie is? I know about the book. It's a S&M kind of thing. They kidnapped this chick and make her be a slave. Oh and then they sent her off to. I've who got raped. Right. Okay so we'll let check on some of these. Okay because now it's getting into like more like work which we're not too happy about. How does movie the grasshoppers is somebody? I think Dennis Hopper was in that one. Never heard of it. Grasshoppers. Well put it on there anyway just to satisfy them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Actually we got a battle there. I guess we figured that already. No. And weeks and body heat. It's rated NC 17. No. What is? The last thing I thought it was originally X. Well we don't care about that. What it was originally. If it's NC 17, if it's good enough. Which means, what does that mean? That is X. No that really. It's not R. It's the next step up between R and X. Lacks. I'm sorry. Put it on there anyway. Alright. Because I'm sure it'll get some votes. WQAM hello. Thank you. Yes sir. That's why you got that bit from the long. I got to stop by and talk to you today. Yeah. And she goes, hey she goes, you know what I'm stopping? I said no. And she goes, I think you weren't wearing a suit. I said, I'm wearing a suit. I said, I'm wearing a suit. I said, I'm wearing a suit. I said, what's your clothes? Chicken and biscuits? I said, I said, I said, pick it, pick it, pick it. I said, pick it, pick it. Oh. You can do buy a car. Huh? You can do that in your car. It's still legal. You can click it and stick it. And pick it and flick it. That's what I'm off set. Right. Come. 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Lion. But we sure got a lot. I don't think I'm going to get the most of this stuff. You're out there. They really care. What? I do. It's Friday. I got a whole pile of stuff. No, it's not the year stuff. Oh, you are me. It's short 300 million bullets. We'll get to that sort of a later. They better. A-power, remaining. W-t-q-A, and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Like the peak of the meal. Speaking. Yes. Really? Really? No. It's just a mistake. See, I don't have time to deal with the dollars. I mean, I have no luck. Oh, brother. Is this-is this meal? Is it-is this really? I mean, the real real real. No. No. No. Yellow pages. Yeah. It's a wrong number. W-t-q-A, and hello. Yeah. I'm going to be a god Almighty. Yes sir. Speaking. How are you doing sir? I'm going to be a memorial day. That's good. No. Wildbook is kind of like a remake of nine and a half weeks. Water? I don't know. Who's there with him? But I'm not sure. I haven't talked about the time. I'm going to give it to more second. Carry on. Who's it doing? Wait a minute. Yes sir. Wildbook. George is answering the question if you're listening. If you just come back. Carry Otis, who we've had behind Harry. Harry Otis. Yeah. Yeah. Do you elevate your lady? Yes. He's very, very hot. But it's cool. My godfather question is this. One, Tom Hagan goes to talk to the picture director. Doesn't he say, ask. What did he say? He said, sir. Mike. Mike. He says, why? He says, ask and set a waltz. It's supposed to be waltz with a z. But doesn't he say, I'd like to take a little bit of your time. And doesn't he say, ask? Is listening? Is that? Yeah. You know what he actually does say that. But how do you know what's supposed to be with a z. How do you know his name wasn't waltz? Because when the one he cries up into the thing. It says, well, so if you're well, he has pictures. Excuse me. He's he pictures. Yeah. Maybe he was still had some lunch in his mouth. There's a van. No. He was he was still. It was Tom Hagan at the dinner table. I know that one. Yeah. Maybe that's the problem. Maybe just a spitter. He's got a little bit of a lot of problems. I'm a great day. Yeah. Thank you. See. That's a very personal case. Because I thought I was the only one that ever noticed. He's a waltz to his listening. He doesn't say waltz. Waltz is listening. Yeah. He says, well, let me tell you something. My crout, Nick friends. Yeah. Oh, boy. So good. And the fact that there actually are people alive out there who haven't seen any of the Godfather. I mean, that just makes you want to sit down on a curb somewhere and cry for hours. Ah, who needs them. So you do it. No. W. W. K. Hello. Now, how about the real world can come? They meet the actually meeting a movie. Real world can come? Yeah. I came out like a year ago, I think. How come I missed it? Well, there's a part where you can see Mark's Web Feet. And then you can see he had it. Okay. Great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, God. Wake up, George. Oh, I'm sorry. Well, what's the George's problem now? Oh, no. I'm fine. Did I miss something? No. Let's make the old trying to get me in trouble. Why? Because these calls are putting winter comers. How would you try to say? No, just that one. Oh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond, why? And why can you explain to me a little bit slow? Gave it. Oh. Speak of that. What a great segue. The family of Michael Jackson's alleged molestation victim is suing child welfare or official seeking financial damages over a leak in the case lawyer said. There's a leak. The action marks the first time the family of the boy and I believe to be 14 is a financial compensation in the Jackson case raising fresh speculation over whether cash could be motivating factor in your fair. Well, you know that's what they were going to say. The family filed a lawsuit against the LA Department of Child and Family Services over the leaking of a confidential memo that said a departmental investigation in fund that there was no evidence to suggest Jackson sexually assaulted the boy attorney Larry Feldman who filed a suit of behalf of the youngsters family with Jackson's accused of attempting to extort money from said it's odd monetary sanctions from the DCFS as alleged violation of the family's privacy? The memo said that LA police in child welfare officials concluded in the probe that was carried out last year before charges were laid against the incentive arbor that the child sex abuse allegations against Jackson were unfounded. The family claims an ensued that a six-fansual damages from the department because officials did not have the human decency to apologize for violating their privacy. DCFS officials said they were aggressively pursuing an investigation and the Havodokumit was leaked. A hearing on the cases taking place in Santa Maria today, Jackson of course will not be there which is why there's no big crowd and there's nobody screaming and yelling and then out shopping up and down with me to give a flying crash because he ain't going to be there. Ready for that? No, not. Why don't they just get it over with already and put him in father-gagans old cell and let's move on with some important business. Cut the crap already. Father's gay again. Join the mad dog at two today as he broadcasts his show life from Hudor's unpinds in university stop by a phone autograph signing with Marlon's picture Brad Penny. And your specials on Heini Kain and when some prizes to that's mad dog and Brad Penny at the Hudor's Pemper Pines 2 to 4 today and then join Little George tomorrow from Nuna to an Intel wireless. I bet you the guy with the eyes, the guy with a fanny pack all your favorites will be there tomorrow. Nuna to two, they'll still drive on down, located at 1595 Northwest 57th after my meal. They got nothing else going on, drive on down and visit Little George, stop by the spin that meal for prizes. That's tomorrow at Intel wireless and authorized Virgin Verizon, whatever it is, wireless agent, Nuna to tomorrow. With Little George and his usual cast of a misfits who follow Marlon. 1113 at 560 WQA, where he's still a little bit nervous about buying you bet over the phone side unseen, have no fear. Because for over 25 years millions of people including your astrulli of dialed 1-800 mattress, MATT-RES, for the lowest prices on the best brands in betting. The easiest possible way to get you a great night slate. There's no risk because if it's not perfect in every way, just call them back for a full covered exchange, it's completely free within 30 days. No extra fees, no strings attached. Thalamakras is ranked number 1 of customers satisfaction they were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torts of excellence of war 2. So you can't beat them when you call 1-800 mattress you'll get the best prices on the best brands, would delivery on your schedule you picked that to our window when convenient for you and the best customer service in the business. Why would you waste any your time and cash, slut and gas, slut and from showroom to showroom? Thalamakras has got the complete line of ceiling, served a king coil, Simmons tempered, even Stearns and Foster Hewitt. From Kerala Store, Palm Beach to Ford Myers, Dalamakras is delivering the finest betting in the universe. Just make that one easy call, they'll be knocking on you door whenever you like. Call 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTR-ES or check them out online at MacRis.com. Why in local, we're sports video 5-60s, you a-m. Helping shout out, Helping shout out, my friend, that luck of today's Helping shout out! I'm gonna change the face of sports radio, because now I'm the voice of the kids and I'm the voice of the kids. And in elephant's of moderate radio, oh boy! I get lots to do here, like it, just in the same three quarters of our sports, in sports and sports, and sports. I even got lots of hilarious comedy things. No joke or joke or omicoker head. No, I said I have no good luck, take that no, no, take a dot, dot, dot, I'm the star now with my old two star and I was a spot, you a watch star. Now you're a dumb, you can't hit me no more, take care of me no more. Here you go, you're on the radio, you moron. Oh, oh, hi, moron. Maybe I was a little little lying, the things I said, you like that. Yeah, it's worth, and I'm not gay. You're right now, and it's an all-fitness, that thing fat old guy that stuck me with kisses me like they used to do, but he's not you. Ah, that tells me you might be almost violent combat with you. Jail thee. Yes, the day my life was filled with joy. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You're my best sight kickin' foil. I miss how you talk like a foil. Killed in e. Yes, what old you? I miss you. You know, that's all, oh, oh. That change of the fat, your mighty name. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That change of the fat, your mighty name. Oh, oh, oh. I ain't like that, but I don't feel that skinny. That does it with you, have a good time. While you wait, not the unemployment party. You little man, call me a father. You little man, call you a father. Are you a studs? You're taking a baby. You're taking a baby. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Twenty-anter-loving at five, sixty-dovey. You're happy, happy Memorial Day. Let's see, Fatal Traction. Somebody says, which they're entitled, will put it on. They are. They're entitled, they're opinion. I wouldn't agree with that, because I'm trying to think of what the Michael Buglus is in it. Is he hot? No. Glenn, close is in it. He's even close. He's even close through our loopworm. And Arthur is not bad, but she don't do anything in it. No, correct. I mean, I've seen that movie. How many times? Good movie, which they made with two separate endings by the way, I'd take great exception of that. You know, rabbit was hot. Before the wild, yeah, in the pot, hot in the pot. Like Duffy said, he's hot on the pot. Braktomes, what I'm hearing. But anyway, that's what the doctor told him on Tuesday morning. And anyway, filmmaker Michael Morris, as he has footage of Bird Interview. Really? You know, I'm glad we didn't put that on our website. I had very mixed emotions about that, and I thought about it for about five seconds, and I thought, right? We're not running an S&M website. We're not running an S&M thing on it. That's a good clean fund. The boobies. Good clean boobies. So we don't put filthy boobies on there under any circumstances. It almost doesn't matter. It's a waste of misery. Right. Use it to our own ends. Only really sick twisted people have the need to put that kind of crap on their website. Anyway, filmmaker Michael Morris, who's in Cendiary, New Documentary lamb, based president Bush's handling of the war. Right. Said yesterday he has footage unused in the film of Nicholas Bird, the American civilian leader, beheaded and Iraq. The footage of an interview with Burg is approximately 20 minutes long. We are not releasing it to the media more said in the statement. It's not in the film. We're dealing privately with a family. Neither more nor as representatives would describe the nature or contents of the interview with Burg who held staunch pro-war views. No one answered the phone Thursday at home of Burg's parents in Westchester, PA. Fair and height 9 level, which recently won the top prize at the Cannes Film Festival. Accuses the Bush Camp of Stealing Me, too. Absolutely. Absolutely. Overlooking terrorism warnings before 9-11. That's a loony. And fending fears of more attacks to secure Americans support for the Iraq war. Which is kind of interesting because here we go again with that Burg's press conference on Wednesday. Well, we got more at that. We got these 7 people and it's really, I think the Democrats are debating else. They should all be doing like Al Gore. They should all be screaming and harbing in carara. Crazy. How dare you be doing this in plainwood emotions of the public and using these scare tactics just because your numbers are dropping like a rock in a pool. How dare they! Drang the good name of the United States of America. Who's a man on Saddam Hussein. Culture. We need a lot more like that. You go out. He found it a little bit too late but it'll for him anyway but that's what goes. I like this story. Media matters from America President and CEO David Brock. He's a man to judge who's out of the closet with some balls. He saw the light. It's not too late Matt. Come out wherever you are sweetheart. Come out. Get rid of that silly hat. Media matters from American President CEO David Brock wins. They sent later to Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. He's a man that Rumsfeld considered removing radio host Rush Limbaugh from the American Forces radio and television service known as Armed Forces Radio formerly. In his letter, Brock said that Limbaugh, whose program is broadcast for one hour per day to US troops overseas, has spent the past four weeks condoning and criminalizing the abuse torture rape and possible murder of Iraqi prisoners by US guards at the Abu Garraib prison. Rumsfeld has repeatedly described the human visa-backy prisoners as fundamentally unamerican. It is uphorrent that the American taxpayer is paying to broadcast what is an effect pro-toucher propaganda to American troops Brock wrote to a Rumsfeld. I ask you to consider removing Mr. Lomboff from the radio network to protect our troops from these reckless and dangerous messages. Brock added at Limbaugh's comments which contradict orders issued by the Commander of US Forces in Iraq, varring many previously available coercive techniques, undermined the military's chain of command and may also inflame anti-wark consent of broad putting our servicemen in women at risk. The controversy surrounding Limbaugh's comments began when he said on May 4th, this is no different than what happens at the Skull-Unbones initiation I'm talking about people having a good time. These people have never heard of emotional release, have never heard of needing to blow off some steam, yaddi yaddi yaddi yaddi, and a cartridge in a per-tree. How do you like that? Till poppin Nazi and he's still on the air and he's still spewing the same kind of crap. And apparently he's still poppin' if I'm surprised, he just found something. In fact, we will be put on our website this week in for the holidays. If anybody that needs to supply, 56750560, pound-560. In fact, that's an idea. We can have nude pictures in the drug dealers on our website. How's that? I'd rather do that than have snuff films on it, nude pictures of drug dealers. Right. WCQM19, not there. I'll see that goes to show you when you least expect it. I'm going to reach over there and punch one. And then... Absenty Balalah is a joke that isn't funny. And remember we're talking to anybody about the Harold and somebody said Jim DeFedee wants to do a great while where it's something to make sense. He actually did it. Once in a while. And here it is. The Votude Count, it's got quotes on it. That's what the Jim Bois said upon signing a lot of measure doing away with witness English's Frapsity Balas. Every Votude Count. Our governor, what a kid or Jim DeFedee writes? If we counted every vote in Florida, Jim's brother would be spending all of his time and that's a sum of his time falling off as bicycle on his Texas ranch, the only thing that Bill Jim signed Tuesday guarantees is that Florida elections will continue to be a joke by taking away the witness requirement that Governor Legislation not only made it easier for corruption to take place within itself as the wishes of a fairly amazing feat. But they've also made it much more difficult to catch. The folks in Tallahassee at the urging of election supervisors across the state claimed the witness requirement was to burdens upon some people and that 2,000 absentee ballots had to be discarded as you're doing the presence of primary because they didn't have to require signature. You don't change the rules just because a few people can't follow them. You work and make the rules better understood after all how hard is it to get somebody to witness a ballot. Anyone can do it a family member, a friend, a neighbor, the male man you dog, anyone. And it's a good article Jim DeFedee, you go to Votan and have another. Don't know. 26 past 11 at 5. 60s. Big at a beaten. This is your final week and that's where we don't have no, we don't have no Josh today. So I better get ready. See you. Final weekend at which you're all you can eat. Main lobster at the Amul Coast. That is right. You can eat all of it. Main lobster thermator style. Only at the Amul Coast they can shut down your posts. In addition to this popular crustacean, Amul Coast offers a spectacular line of mouthwatering delights. Start off with the choices six sups, a 30 item salad bar. Oysters on the half shell sushi roasted duck, cool and fish just in the name of few. If you still have room for the handcar of primary of their new Thai specialties and of course the main lobster thermator. Amul Coast broats only healthy living because they don't use any of their crap in their cooking they cook only with canola oil, a cholesterol for your oil and they don't use any MSD or cornstarch no crap. And how about this dessert? It doesn't say anything in here about. See you. How about this dessert? Amul Coast is a garden out of the world. The dessert selection featuring such favorites is chocolate covered strawberries. Cream caramel hot bells and waffles and ice cream bar with all your favorite topics. A perfect ending to a gigantic feast fit for a beast. Amul Coast relocations for either in sunrise sunny hours beach and pepper positively. They do have delicious tea no matter what this thought says. Amul Coast recently voted the number one Asian gourmet restaurant by readers of these Sun Sentinel WSVN channel 7 ends the GAT restaurant review for the past three years as a matter of fact. For reservations called 9.5.4. 5.7.2.38.22. Take the whole gang for an unimaginable feast at the World Famous Amul Coast Chinese buffet. Amul Coast! This is Port Radio 5.6. You away, you away, you away, you away. Why do you breast you? I'm Sally's brothers and every day millions of children in this country don't have access to the food they so desperately want to eat. Many will go to bed hungry tonight. Hungry for that fourth toaster's strudle. Want you please help feed the fat children? Yes, for only a dollar 89 a day, roughly the price of a box of a whole host. You can sponsor an obese child through the feed the fat children foundation. In return, you'll get a wide angle photo of that special child plus handwritten notes written on crispy cream napkins. Won't you help feed a fat child a child like Jimmy here? Say hi, Jimmy. Hi, I'm Jimmy. Help me, I'm Sally. You'll swell with pride as you watch your child swell with pound. So please, surprise your heart and call now and help feed the fat children. This is Sally's brother's piece. Thank you. Jimmy, can I have a bite of your ring ding? No, it's mine. Give it to me, I'm not a taboo-large. Give it to me, I'm a taboo-large. She's a giant in the industry. Make no mistake about it, Port Sally. 1133-27-0, we got the mad dog doing a show at the Hooters on Pines University of YouTube. Here's Sean, who says, can I recommend X-Calibre? And I can't read the rest of it, Sean, because obviously back in the day, I could have but not no more, you'll understand. You got it? We got it. X-Calibre. He was talking about that scene in X-Calibre. Yeah, or the Arthur in Flaurmer in Flaurmer. Right. Wasn't that in Flaurmer jacket? Anyway, making love with Harry Hamlin and Michael Onke, and I can't believe our good friend Allen and Key West misspelled. My misspelled it. Michael Onke, he put a T on me. But it didn't even write. I guess it was a good movie. K Jackson was in it. Harry Hamlin was not anything at the act too much. He's married to whom again from, from not slanting. Nickelette Sheridan. Right. Very good. In fact, he was probably a kind of Sheridan on Pines, but anyway, Harry Hamlin. I always thought, well, of course, when I say it was married to somebody, aren't they all married to somebody? Isn't Rob Lowe married to somebody? Has all but your kid? Wasn't David Cassidy married to somebody? Had all but your kid? Isn't Tom Cruise been married a couple of times? Well, maybe. Adopted some kids? Right. Everybody's married. Rock Hudson was married for Christ's Sakes. So Harry Hamlin, to me, he just seems awfully squishy. Now, I don't know. I mean, I don't really care when we're dead. They don't do anything for me, but he just seems awfully awfully awfully. Nothing. Or is that just my, huh? I hadn't noticed. Oh. Harry Hamlin, yes you did. I think I'm making a little bit. He did that, you know, clash of the Titans and he was Greek. He was in a Greek movie? Back home. Back home. That's that. Oh, let's see. Steve from Davies says, don't know if anyone's mentioned this movie. And all they have in Syrians, it says, was a pretty, a movie. Syrians got it? Yeah, we got it. I can hear him right now. All them Syrians. What movie? Not expected is the hottest you have ever seen. That's our pull question. I think they like to pull it all, although I think they like to make in pictures today of no, uh, McHandru better. Because we're getting a phenomenal response in his nobody in town. That's the amazing part of it. You can tell by the votes. But boy, oh boy, are we getting a tremendous look in the view there on our two for one holiday pictures? It's like a little bonus for you, just for the holidays. Keep out of trouble. Keep your office streets. What movie? Not as great as the hottest you ever seen. I don't have weeks. I'm sure we did do this now, but it's a long time ago. Yeah, that's a good couple of years anyway. And I'm going to have weeks one then. 47, body heat 46. We got a battle going on. Blue Lagoon 19, showgirls 19, Lion things 18. Vase against him 13 monsters, balls 12. Eyes wide shut 10, two moon junctions 7, the hungry six. They're hungry for it. On faithful five, summer lovers five. Return to the blue Lagoon four, the story of. Three. Fatal attraction three and race to the vampire three. While orchids got a pair. Paradise had a pair. Secretary two, no mercy one and no votes yet for a certain person. Which one on their only moments ago, 227 votes. See what I mean? Or nearly by this time we'd have like about 300 votes at least. But well, maybe maybe there will be no up there yet. That could be a two say possible. Or maybe just if I would take some more calls and shut up, maybe we could let more movies on here. 56670560 pound 560 on the AT&T line WQM. Hey Neil, how are you? Pretty good sir. All right, two things. First of all, for the movies I wanted to go with entity. Entity? Yeah, I think that's what was called entity. Is it the entity? Yeah. Yeah, when the girl got it. Ghost rape. Yeah, I was something. And second, as far as, you know, our US soldiers are abusing the erect prisoners and all that, you know, the dog collar and stripping them down and all that. I've got rape. Yeah. Yeah. Basically, that's just a steady name of the track piece for me and my wife. So I really don't want to be the problem. No, okay, we'll have a good time. Watch out for the BS. Oh, by the way. Is there anything to say at this point? No. 56670560 pound 560 on the AT&T line WQM. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Got one very poll. All right. Uh, liver. Slipper. Slipper? What? That's what he said. All right, that's a sliver. I'm just trying to imagine where they had the sliver. That's what I'm just trying to picture that in my mind. WQM, hello. Hey, I think I have one of the one up for your poll. Okay, this is a weiner. Uh, the graduate. It did the older one. But then when the Mrs. Robertson and Kika are leg up in the air, it makes me go. La la la la la la la la la. Ha ha ha ha ha. I'll tell you one thing. You know, and bankcraft was almost as sexy as the moment she said. You're way to y'all. Yeah, almost. Mrs. the graduate, okay. I don't see anything at all. Sexual about that move because it was all like, you know, Well, there was a scene of the strip club with a airplane act. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Oh, speaking of strip club, what was that movie that Chris Atkins was in, which again, you wouldn't be interested in, but what was that movie? I didn't have it. And I didn't have it. Why can't believe you know that? What about boogie nights? That was not a small one. Yeah, with it and all those movies that you're naming there. What about boogie nights? Yeah, exactly. Heather Graham naked. What's not to like an air? And since we're talking about people we like a lot like Jennifer Conley. Well, she's, I tell you she really is great. She's good. He's beauty. I'm not just talking about how beautiful she. I'm talking about she's a good actress. Because I saw the end of beautiful mind again the other night. Right on, it was on somewhere. And I watched the last 20 or 30 minutes. And I still don't like Russell Crowe, but it's a great. He's a good actor and she's a great. But anyway, what's wrong with our favorite? Recreem for a dream for a rhodic. She's done more erotic. I understand, but what's wrong with it? The ass to ask. Can we still say that? No, let me ask somebody. Let me ask our program director because That's dumb. As this is his middle name is what the doctor said. No, that's certainly. The situation that's surrounding that scene made it not erotic for some of us. Why is that? It's more tragic than anything. Well, you're almost reading a lot of people out there. A lot of this, but whatever. Yeah, for that, I understand, but it's. Well, I'm just talking right now. What we've never dreamed needs to be on there. I don't think I've been. I'm just thinking about it. I guarantee you I didn't know a slipper, but it's a little bit of a voter too. Twenty-till noon at five, 60 WQAM. Oh, there we go. You have to cut it down. In fact, I got to hear myself. I come surprise you actually got that now. We had it yesterday. Well, since you're DCS is so very nerve-inni good stuff. That's another reason I can't stand being in South Florida because every time I come out of studio, it's like I'm operating with a handicraft. Speaking of handicraft, don't forget a week from the bar at the Belmont. And the Smiley Smarty Asa Jones will win the Triple Crown. I was thinking this morning, you know, while I was shaving. And don't ask me why. I was thinking in 70, and the 70s boy, if you're a horse fan, we're even a few words. What a great time, or 73 Secretary-1 in Triple Crown. 70, 70, 70, 70, and the Frenchman didn't fall off John Kruget. And in 78, a firm aladard was great battles. The firm wins the Triple Crown, but a little Stevie Coppena more. So you have three in like seven years. And I think spectacular bit was 79 also. So you could add 48 years if somebody would have been a little Ronnie Franklin, wasn't they? Six for long rings. You following all of that? Mm-hmm. Good, because Dave Johnson is going to be asking you questions when he calls us next to the Friday. You know, some are time in South Florida guarantees three things. Heat humidity in hurricanes. You can't control the weather, unfortunately, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season, which is already a promise by the way, may through like November they call it. And this is supposed to be a bad one. So here's the deal. Florida new coat hurricane shutters installed shutters in over 3000 homes in South Florida over the past decade from panels, the Corridion ruled out or Bahamas shutters. Florida new coat hurricane shutters makes it easy for you to pick out the hurricane protection that you need for your home. Call 954-868-4935 for your free home estimate. If you own a two-story home, you know, it's a real pain in the ass using the lead and to put up those shutters. Florida new coat now offers a new steel panel system designed to be installed from the inside. On your second floor windows, so forget about those ladders and brick and unique. And even give you a credit for your existing hurricane protection toward a new purchase too. So please, I think about doing it right now because like I said, hurricane seasons get underway right now. This is the time that you think about protecting your home. Call Florida new coat hurricane shutters today at 954-868-4935. 954-868-4935 Florida new coat hurricane shutters providing South Florida hurricane protection over the past decade. The night and the walls, this is Fort Radio by 60. Mayday, Mayday, Mayday. I think Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday. Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday. Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday. Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday. Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday. Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday. Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday. Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday. Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday. Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, May day , Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday setting kayday, Mayday, Mayday I I am a guy representing for the birthday of me I've got to think of times In past six, three times Don't want me to be sure I follow advice from my ear and nose Fundals I know where I'll go out And the next thing you know I'm looking at the day and end The person I'll follow He's asking me to bend the frame I know what this is to defend and the clearance If you want to make your world up that's a place Like a drop to so bend this way He's not a busy child on the inside I'm hearing damn T and I right now, I'm 47, 560 WQAM Coming to you, 2AM Here's the fact that says How about an impersonal best of the poor? Some movie's during mural, like I don't know What it is? Starring mural, Hemingways, the track, What some really hot scenes is a George water appreciate Like I don't know? Yeah, like we don't know Saw that in the theaters Oh my god Anyway, it's also if you like to file of the Lindi and Pat Boone for a Did you see this? Did you look at this? Let's get it We can have an ice-quist clean, I'm sure it's well done And we can stick right on In the comments, we've got so many goodies on our website these days It's just almost scary when you come right down to it So we'll put personal best on there and thank you so much 560, 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T line What movie not x-rated? And otherwise not a portal, maybe I should've said that right? Right Although we haven't really had that many come up that were like midnight cowboy Midnight cowboy wasn't the least bit sexy in any way shape or form Unless we're really a despidol-fag Well, of course back in that day, you know What movie not x-rated is the hottest you've ever seen? 9.5 weeks 54, body heat 52 and then it's way down It's really a two-hospirase Wild things 24, showgirls 23, the blue lagoon 22, basic instinct 15 Monsters balls, 14, ice-white chart 11, two moon junction 10 On people 710, the summer lovers five story of Oh, four, return the blue lagoon 4 Let's see, fatal attractions got some two which I can't believe Fail attractions got three Embrace the demand part, a secretary three paradise two-requim for dream two See, I've two already for recon for dreamy of little faith We love general for conley, we like our best asked to ask No mercy, one x-collabor, one silver, silver, silver The entity don't have any yet, sirens, the graduate personal best And well, and person best Now see, you can't get rid of that can you Eric's going to have to, he's going to have to bathe your ass out of there You got to bail on Miguel's back home Not of their merit, he's got personal best and person best Speaking of best person, I got to say one thing I know we have no hockey fans in the audience But Dan Boyle, former Panther defenseman, who's got a home in four Lotterials till by the way, who wasn't enough for the Panthers But has played great for Tampa Bay And after the loss on Tuesday night Dan Boyle Dave Andrew chuck in the locker room, tells him after the game that his house Had burned not completely down, but his house in Tampa $300,000 worth of damage, electrical corridor, some sort of Electrical fire massive damage And so he's got this, you know, it's going to take four months to Get back in the house and rebuild and do all this other stuff And got all of those, how much insurance he had So Dan Boyle last night, who got knocked around pretty bad in that game And he also just played fantastic, he scored a goal and just played Sensation all night long for the Lightningwood kick Calgary as So the series is even a good game last night Too bad nobody watched it and thus out Florida Too bad we got no hockey fans, not just in South Florida, but in the USA And in fact, in the US and game one on Tuesday night, did a 1.1 share The hockey 1.1, which means how many people watched it in the US Not third man Over 3 million people watched it on the CBC To the night's game here in Canada, because we got some real hockey fans But, you know, got a lot of pinnacle tournaments, shuffle boards, stuff A lot of stuff going on in Florida, that Marjo and Kurniman is like a real winner in a hell and they'll 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and here anything about Dan Boyle, you got off to say about that, the kids house burns down And he goes out there and plays a great game in Scores of Gold, the fence been no less. Not gonna knock out the Panthers, they'll good enough for They are soon to be champion, Tampa Bay Lightning WDQA and hello QAM Not there WDQA and hello Can we go for two, three, four, huh? A lot of people WDQA and hello Hello, how are you doing? Okay sir Just letting me let me listen to this, the highway's the cold When, uh, not a turn fight, southbound One, five, two, one, eighty, four Uh, I think we're talking about playing The check, check, check, check, check, see if you have your seat gone on, so Oh, they're clicking it, looking, huh? They're checking from the plane Thanks for the band news, paley Hey, how are you doing? You too How do you like that? They're trying to destroy your holiday weekend, okay? They're out there Oh yeah, we're trying to save lives, right? That's got a lot to do with it If you're going to like three miles over the speed limit on height, it's road they're in Broward, oh we're trying to save your life No, you're not, you're trying to ride business, okay? That's what you're trying to do, you're trying to write more business, you're not fooling me But that plantation chief, talk about a guy who needs a lobotomy, but anyway W't a QAM, hello? Yeah, have a last thing on Curtis Didn't we put that on or not? I thought we did I thought I did, but I'm glad you mentioned that again because I think we forgot about it because we thought it was originally x-rated, but then it was not, so thank you so much for reminding us, see? We argued about it We had a big stimulus about it We've innate some carrots, some is an honor of it Last thing one pair should be on there, it's not on there All right, that was our bad And let's see, did Eric Bill look at what an ice job Eric, he is right on top of it In between Salami sandwiches, he just built Miguel's answer right on, took off that person best Whichever place would last thing one patty Would a slightly less enormous Marlon Brando? Slightly Slightly Just a pound or two Just a couple of other ponds, less than one That one goes carrying around right now Just 250 or 300 pounds less Man, he is just a gigantic in the industry Marlon Brando There's one of the most bizarre people He really is something else Smurled That's what your brand is doing, so WCWM, hello Hey, Miguel, guess what? I want you to go Hello? I'm here, Austin Oh, the great Texas climate might change That was with Martian Brady So hot Hahaha Hahaha Hahaha Hahaha Ohhh Hahaha I just want to cry, you know See, I think what we need to do is just forget about all The bedtime stories, let's just put naked pictures on our website What do you say? It just doesn'ts up, huh? I don't think for everybody, we'll put male, female, uh, animal, vegetable, mineral, you know, feel that Wow, it is really something WCWM, hello Nice talking to you WCWM, hello Pretty good? How do you guys forget about Shotees It was easier Okay, well we got it now And I'll be joining gravity Should start the morning, sure enough Alright, George and Jelden together again I don't know how you guys know See, you guys don't have any issues yet We know what we would talk about Uh, hockey Something you know a lot about Right 560560 About Dan Boyle, number 22 There are 10 of 8 defensemen, not good enough for the Panthers I'll say it again, rent warner, not good enough for the Panthers But the organization, now we got the coach that we wanted, the general manager That we didn't want but that the coach wanted And that's that I'm in so on, a lot of BS again All spin, all the BS all the time When some games, baby, soft Florida wants a winner They level winner, anything sure to that All I want to do is bitch about it They don't have any interest Just give them a winner, that's it Stop the BS Alan Cohen, you're not kidding us WCWM, hello Hey, Niel How you doing? Does it mean colligula, be good, that poor? Yeah, colligula would be good It was definitely unsrated But like I said, it wasn't a porno We'll be so we'll put it on it, we're on it, we're on it Colligula, what do you say? Yep, definitely I should have said it's my bad I should have said not pornographic But I mean, not triple x-rated, that would be better Because triple x is like a porno movie Or it's x-rated, just meant it was like a regular pedestrian movie Like a clockwork orange Right? There was nothing pornographic There was a lot of violence And then of course there was that scene, well Without rocking the rocking ceramic penis But nevertheless, that was a comedy scene There I'm right And then of course there was that snake 567, 05, 6d, 05, 6d, 05, 6d On the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line WCWM, hello Okay, she's not at the same time to be back Oh, how's it? And line 9's always a winner too It's always something really good Give us me an opportunity to mention again Join the mad dog 2 to 4 this afternoon as he broadcast live from Hooray's on Ponzi University And be sure to stop by for an autograph signing With Marlins, put your grad penny Enjoy specials on Heineken That's how your Freddie Heineken died I told you that in that Hoop, Freddie Heineken That were built Okay, yeah you did, he's the founder of Heineken beer You clown And when some prizes, that's with mad dog and bread Penny, who does the pepper pie? Now George tomorrow is making a difference You won't have any Heineken because he's not Heineken, he's right That's George tomorrow noon to two at N.T.Wireless at 1595, Northwest 57th Avenue Mymmy stop by to spend the meal for prizes At N.T.Wireless and authorized Verizon Marlins to noon at two tomorrow With little George, you don't know what's heineken from his can Let me 56 at 5, 60 WCM, speak of that If you're not really sure what's going on in your can Or the rest of your body Dough Nobody wants to think about cancer, heart disease In these horrible diseases at the Lord is forced to Deponus, but it's a proven fact that disease Respond's best to treatment if he Tected early. That's why I went there a few weeks ago Just to find out if like I'm all still there, you know Inside outside and between and came out with some good Test results, too. They said, look at that demand Even got a heart Hollywood died not to center as proud when Out there virtual colonoscopy a lot less than Chusey than the traditional method by the way Coronary heartscoring and full body screen exams That can detect cancer, other life-threatening diseases In the early stages while it's still in time to do something The doctors before was not needed. For all your imaging Newsants call Hollywood died not to center 954 9663600 For the test I can do one or two things either give you a Hedge up on some of the problem that's developing You can do something about or number two if there's nothing Wrong would give you and your family tremendous peace of mind And Hollywood died not to center they Offer state of the art imaging equipment with open MRI High speed can't scan nuclear medicine and much more This could be a life saving call you really ought to do it Hollywood not to center has been serving community for over 20 Years and the facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you Call Hollywood not to center for your imaging exams today Call 954 9663600 5 5 5 3 3 9 9 9 9 9 9663600 5 966 9663600 5 5 9663600 5 5 5 6 6 6 6 5 9663600 5 5 5 6 5 6 5 6 6 6 6 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 8 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 8 8 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 8 7 7 7 7 7 8 7 7 7 7 7 7 8 7 7 7 7 7 I know it. Anne, speak in a politics which I know most of the punks out there don't give a flying crap about, but you better start thinking about it. Why before they send your-you before they send your ass marchin' off the North Korea or Iran or Syria or some God forbiddon place like that. Syria? I'm Syria. Okay. Carrie Serge is ahead in 12 crucial Swain States' Bush poll ratings plummet. Oh, right! George Bush has a warning shot from the crucial battleground states, like they did the side of the outcome of the presidential election where his rival John Kerry is surging ahead. Oh, right! Less than six months from election day, polls exist a misdemeanor. See, Kerry is doing the right thing, just like if Howard D. would have kept his wife in a closet. And as long as Kerry stays out of our view too much and people are realized how much he looks in acts like her in Munster, where he's lap at a rock. Less than six months from election day, polls exist a misdemeanor seriously leading up Presidentean 12 of the 16 so-called Swain States. He's swinging it. In some states, the lead is slight, but in places such as New Hampshire, which Mr. Bush won in 2000, Mr. Kerry's got lead of almost 10%. How do you like that? Oh, my God. No polls offer only a snapshot in time. Polls are John Zagbe, who made the lead to survey said if, present leads in those 16 States' hold true, and we're talking about this yesterday, and I couldn't find the numbers right. And Democrats and Republicans hold on to the states each party one easily in 2000. Mr. Kerry will win with a margin of 102 electoral college votes. I've made a career of taking bungee jumps in my election calls, Mr. Zagbe wrote an op-ed article. Here's my jump for 2004. John Kerry will win the election, where unlikely to see any big bumps for either candidate because of pinionists so polarized, and I believe frozen in place. There are still six months to go anything can happen. But as of today, the race is John Kerry's to lose. The battleground states are consa, Florida, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota. We're going to have to have a lot of absentee ballots with no witnesses, Jeff. Thousands and thousands, maybe about $3,000. There are $3,000, just in case. Arkansas, Florida, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Washington, West Virginia, and Wisconsin. Our elected approved crucial on deciding who carries today on November 2th, where public end democratic strategists know that at least 30 states are 30. While with the district to come to the outcome of the vote is a four-ground conclusion, but in the battleground states, which were won in 2006 for Senate's points or less, everything is up for grabs. Not surprisingly, this is where both sides are focusing much of their effort. A poll in these 16 states will have shaken President strategists. As they've watched as approval rating sink to between 41 and 47 percent, the loss of his presidency is aid say that in battleground states, the president has the advantage of what the new polls exist. This is not the case, how do you like that? He spent too much time talking about Abu Ghara. If these numbers are correct, the Republicans are probably disappointed, said Kim Goldstein, he's probably a kindergarten girl, for Professor Political Science at the University of Wisconsin Madison. Some analysts attribute Mr. Kerry Surge to biographical ads in those 16 states of the cost of $25,000 in bus, experts say they appear to have helped him recover from negative ads paid for by the Republicans, which criticizes voting record in Congress and questioned his national security credibility. At him climber, the political director of the National Anti-Berg Elections Survey told USA today, Kerry has been doing a better job lately in the battleground states, and my guess is as are very important in that, et cetera. So, there you go for what it's worth, okay? And for what it's worth, somebody knows about winning elections, especially against right wing fanatics. Former President Clinton said Thursday the Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry is smart not to come in daily, either be development and Iraq because he recognized he's not the president. And also said in his memoirs, do what weeks before the summer's Democratic National Convention, will not steal Kerry's file. I will only help the party. Speaking at his office in Harlem, Clinton said he didn't think Kerry was running to safe a campaign. Some political strategists have suggested Kerry's failing to exploit increasing skepticism by President Bush's handling of the war as violence in Iraq escalates and morty tells him or about the abusive Iraqi prisoner. Abu Ghara, he's the candidate for president. He's not somebody who's supposed to give day by day commentary on events, Clinton said. He's made quite clear what he believes about the major issues in news today, and I think he's shown a certain reticence. The former president said that given the seriousness of the problems we face in the world today, I think it's been quite appropriate. Clinton talked to reporters that Kerry should be focused on letting the American people get to know him, who he is, what he's full, what he wants to do, and then clarify in his term that it vinses between himself and the president. In fact, that would be the best thing I think he could say is, I'm not George Bush. Just keep saying that, right? I'm not George Bush. And people will be going, oh, yeah, thank God. Just put out the right. And then once in a while, slip in a Abu Ghara, rape like that. 56050560 on the AT&T in Verizon line, what movie not x-rated is the hottest you've ever seen that's our pull question today. Welcome to QA, and hello. Not there. QA, and hello. OK, no, no, no, I'm going to clearly restore it fully before we speak to this crowd. QA, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir? I like to add one to your pole and it's a great movie. Don't keep you up for two hours. It's called coyote ugly coyote ugly. Yes, extra she knows you know George. Yeah, no George is good guy. Oh, okay coyote ugly to my many ideas with that is a joke calling it's a joke movie So what does that mean no nothing sexy about it? Nobody got naked all the women in their R&D coyote ugly even though they're not supposed to be I see W to QM hello Yeah, this George this is Paul. Oh, this is Neil. Oh, hi Paul. Hi Neil. I was going to throw in Boba Rela Barbarello, but Jane find us. Yes, now we're talking and I have one other thing to a little way back It was sleepers in New York the conel at the time John What's his name he condemned the movie because the priest had lied on the stand not with one went on in the Spotted home for the youngsters this case you guys want to wear that and the idea of the Catholic church Comes out with their version and how they limit the movies It's caught in the tablet newspaper Okay, thanks a lot Paul. What do you just said you have any idea when he said it all? No, sorry something about covenant house and father John Ritter who was a notorious pedophile. I just mentioned that in passing You know this I get so outraged every time I see another one of those stories or somebody Facts is an enormous thing that biography of a father gig into the night and those people are still the even at this point still defending the this day Oh, he and every solar freight train and I oh, please Please the most corrupt institution on the face of the globe There's nothing that's even a close second is the Catholic church spreading misery and suffering and stupidity ignorance and crap everywhere that they go tragic all these all the countries in Latin America for example All I overpopulation making babies like you're coming out of like rabbits and Appuring across the board in the public says, oh gee, we all these illegal aliens while I can imagine why I Just can't even begin to imagine why I think the fundamentals were right about them Well, maybe that's what pushes gonna tell a pope when he goes over there They're just gonna give a little talk and do's a hey by the way nice dress 12 minutes past noon at five 60 WQA and hey if you're still nervous about buying a map his I mean, you know It's a major investment over the telephone forget about that because for over 25 years Millions of smart people like even me have dialed 1 800 mA TTR ES for the best deal on the best brands in betting the easiest Possibility get you a great night sleep for a cool zage There's no risk because if it's not perfect in every way just call them back for a full company change It's completely free within 30 days. God, man. No extra fees no strings attached Style matrices right number one a customer satisfaction and recently they were winners of the 2004 that a business bureau Local towards excellence award we call 1 800 mA because you get the best prices on the best brands with liver on your schedule and the best customer service And in business why would you waste any of your time? Slepping from showroom to showroom dial the mattress has the complete line of all the top names in the universe like Seely and surd a king coil Simmons temper beatic and stirrens in the madness foster from Kendall Stewart Palm Beach to Fort Myers even in Ojas dial the mattress can deliver the best vetting anywhere But all you do is just reach over grab that instrument get off your fan ass and make that one easy call And they'll be not gonna need or whatever you like call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TT RAS for the best in the universe or log onto their website at Macris dot com We're sports radio 5 6 Oh, you a M Why do you String comes to life under history channel the year 1968 young man across America are ordered to serve their country and be a knob Starting tonight for history channel take a historical and historical Urfact as they reported to the draft board. All right, listen up. I call your names step forward to be sworn in Richard Shaney Here, are you ready to serve your country son? Sorry, pal. I got better things to do except as checks that's open on my gratitude. Oh, okay, who was next? Rush this is real name Limba Russia's the name, but you might only as Jeff Christie on K U D L Koodle has noodles of hits. Here's a white boy with a questionable name B J Thomas B How you ready to serve your country boy. Let me tell you this my friend I'm one tough talking college drop out that cherishes my god Given right and offended with my mouth now if you'll excuse me No And readyuck about that because back in the day that was considered to be the catch me out for instill say it was okay though I like that then well what's not to like that where you picking on boll again no i would never because you get a worked up about jocuston again if you do i'll speak of that suit over janitaxons wardrobe malfunction has been tossed up remember the guy way we had a bit of a a split second peak at janitaxons bread is not worth five thousand dollars judge Gerald jensen in salt lake city is rejected u-tollars claim that cbs owner vyecom should pay him five thousand dollars for having to see jackson's bare breast during the super bowl half time show i think he should pay them five grand right early two bucks stevenson suit and small claims court claiming is the father of three small children it was led to believe the half time show would be family oriented he accused by a com a false advertising vyecom lawyer jep hunts has stevenson should have instead filed a federal lawsuit a complaint of the fcc stevenson says the real user is the consumer because now advertisers have to lie at a have a license to line get away with it he's decided and not decided to feel a pula case oh man yeah live i have no life yeah with it his read little hits on naked gooby for a second and a half man i don't think they'll ever be able to function course when they it turns on the nightly news every night they see all these body parts and decapitation and every kind of crap that ever came now that that's okay he it's a an m because that's real life you see it's supposed to like a breast i mean it's nothing real about that there's in her case violence never heard anybody as violence is picked in a rack in an amazing how we just fall into this cramp just like talking to a bucket a slopp as violence is picked in a rack the army has doubled its training requirements for marksmanship and consequently these three hundred to five hundred many more bullets in a normally buys an army official city as today there three hundred million bullets short death and December it's on contract with two companies for 140 million hundred forty million five point fifty six millimeter bullets for the m sixteen and in four personal rifles issued everyone in the army the contracts are worth a combined sixteen point two million of the winch history division of the old and core and is really military industries we have one ammunition plant that's approaching its maximum capacity one point two billion rounds per year said major gerry common army spokesman that facility the lake city army ammunition planted lakes of the i was run by a lion text systems the December conflict only addresses ammunition for the rifles the army also needs fifty caliber and some point sixty two millimeter bullets for the machine gun and light machine never respectively tell me said a solicitation for these bullets is already out and rewards expected to be made the summer well if they're going to wait till the summer to make it award they better start making it in pretty and fast right yeah boy five six seven oh five six you know that guy that was clear in his throat and came up with it the air every time we do one of these pulls he does the same thing just an idiot just a yeah i have no lie a moron just a sad old turd and there's nothing worse than a sad old turd w q a m hello hey now how about me permission good far was sexy that was uh i think was either mario or margo anyway uh do i leave now i think what he did she was selling those murials oh and i missed that the other night biography had i saw the last tenons or any co-vacs you don't know who that is yeah i heard of a sub old fart talked about him the other day he was great what do you mean some old fart talked about him you mean me of course oh certainly only co-vacs was great he was one of the great piner's innovators of television he was actually a funny guy which is very unusual and after he died in the car crash he was driving too fast slippery road went into a pool he died long ago back in the 50s and he made the atoms was his wife and of course he was a marginal like nightclub entertainer and she did the uh white owl spots you know why don't you come up and see me sometime and stuff like that you had to be there to win joy but i missed most of it and it just frost my ass so anyway how about that margo anyway w q a m hello hello yes sir w q a m w q a m yes speaking yes uh like to get something to the pole go right ahead how about that moving black cork it i think we got an honor don't we we got wild or can we all well what does black cork it that's what he's talking about my work is got to be what he's talking about right gotta be yeah get with it you don't know you better get your black and your white straight now mister okay starting to get like uh what's his name or Sammy Davis what movie not x-rated is the hottest movie i've ever seen not in a half week 71 body heat 65 we got a race this time wild things 34 showgirls 32 the blue lagoon 26 basic instinct 24 the monsters ball 17 two moon junction 14 i's wide shut 13 on faithful nine the story of oh his gutty embrace the vampires gutty the hunger seven uh summer lover's six wild or can five or black or could or yellow or could or pink or can last hango in Paris five secretary five return to the blue lagoon stony got four it's had four to hold us show and ain't going over nobody saw that fatal attraction four reckling for dreams still got three asked to ask colligula three the graduate two paradise has got a pair uh scripties two x caliber two no more she's got one personal best is got one was that uh uh uh mirror myemming way right and dying keep right and busher key and busher crab and busher or can't say no just keep on a sliver one barber yellow one ten is got one and ten is got one the endie in the sarins don't have any of the first ever in seventy seven boat that's what we got so far w q a and hello garrie w q a and hello found an angel heart angel heart and what found found okay found it that's one uh two a three got him good story there was no course of criticism quite the contrary cosplay's remarks were embraced by several of the leading black columnist in the country the way in wakum clearance page clover king lettered pitch junior and tama soul quisi maphumi at that we see was on the jeperson we see maphumi the end of the leisei president who's on stage with cos we said later that not only did he agree with cosby not only did he make similar points in his own speeches but they did just hurt the same points made by philosophers in his barber shop if you listen to talk radio or read newspapers stories about the flap you think cosby was hiding from a raging mob but there was no mob there was a straw mob a phony flap i comb the internet the wires in the transcript for a tax on cosby and came up empty i did discover that the head of the end of the leisei p illegal defense fund theater or shaw spoke after cosby the commemoration and pointed out that many problems black space are not self-inflicted and then most of the people on welfare aren't black that's hardly a searing condemnation the new york times managed to find a scholar named Michael Eric Dyson who said cosby's comment betrayed classes his a lead his viewpoints that eruded in generational warfare whatever that means i also managed to find some other mild rebuffs of cosby from three black columnist in saying Louis milaki and pitsburg you gene came to the milaki journal sentinel wrote sometimes beating up on defenseless people is just being a bully cosby called came up and came wrote a second crown for their qualifying is already qualified jives so he has cosby feel that a couple of tough grounders has did and did issue a press release defending himself but overall his remarks were well received and his courage was widely praised i'm taking your time with this to make a couple of points writes digmire there's too much political correctness and the perpetrators really admitted and nowhere is this more destructive than in talking about the mushel subject of race a subject too often avoided for fear of offending that said the power of the pc police is grossly overestimated conservative talk miceers and promotions make good living exaggerating the omnipotence and silliness of the virtue crats is this case that he shows worse the mainstream media politicians and water cooler philosophers have an enormously exaggerated fear of the pc police in researching the cosby flat for example i didn't find a column by a white writer i'm sure there was some that i missed but i'm also sure that plenty of white writers or editors simply avoid waiting in the salt again because it perceived as risky to risky to easy to be accused of prejudice or meddling i'll get plenty of nasty mail i'll be called upon of liberal buys a capitalist tool and a blankered white man with no business budding a but again so what exaggerated security can't fear of the pc police on the left and the conservative cops on the right is one of the dynamics that helps remove race and problems of blacks in america from the front burner of public debate candidate still like to talk about it news papers don't like to investigate it columnist don't like to write about it network newscast elected covered think tanks don't like to report about it and celebrities don't like to speak out on it so the issues become even more buried pit brack goes uncriticized school stay bad i hope the phony flat gave white or coverage to cause these remarks than they would have had otherwise and i hope more people with puppets realize that the boogie man of political correctness and racial censorship is not so scary after all wrote tic mirrored cbs news on their website not bad uh go dick you go uh dick and you go bill i mean you go baaat and you go bill i can't say can't say that no more okay or you'll be in big and deep do do okay got wrecked Ron 21 until 1 at 5.62 my and logo here's sports video 5.62 mm I'm jealous! God and inside will all streetend Now she's gone on faith for it True essential life, faith found her guilty Facing lots of time, I must say it thrills me To seek her take it out and cut For 20 years won't be enough Dress her up and stripes, send her to sing sing Put her into life, that would be a lethal marker Will they catch her for inside her training? Errg! And the send you away over the Will ever so hard and wish you peace What's your stock with today? Oh my God, would you have everything With your smile in Yeah, I'll send you away Oh my God, you'd be sharing a stay This damn time, this Will you sell me? Now the reason I played that, which I do like a lot of As the no inquire June 7th issue Was you'll get in a couple of weeks Martha was framed as the cover story Why the government's time to get her And also I just noticed on the front cover A lot of things that you were nearly You don't even look at America's deadliest internet killer He found victims online and the guy's got a picture This guy? He looks exactly like Tom Jicker Yeah, Tom has to have an identical twin Who's America's deadliest internet killer? Do you know that? I do idea He did know And then it's got stars with the best and worst beach bodies The good to bed and the really ugly If you could see Toby McGuire's spider man He's huck I said no thank you Here's Uma Thurman, she's looking pretty good Yeah But here is, let me find that section Oh my God, but let me forget the Martha stuff Okay, not gonna be the whole article, it's long There's nothing else in this anyway Nothing else to be bad and quiet Save your money Where the hell is the beach people? Oh man, oh here we go Oh Rick Ocasac Rick only the case Rick Ocasac Yes, he's okay Rick Ocasac is every his name I never heard my no who he is I mean I see him and I recognize him but no his last name Anyway, he's the formerly the Iraq group the cars Rick Ocasac Is a okay Man, oh man he looks like he's spent at least three months in Dhakao Yeah, he is an evangelist Here's Justin thinkerbell Oh, geez man, what a Yeah, I can read the as Look in terrible Okay I'm just telling him Oh, yeah, whatever It says and you thought she looked bad and shrek I mean she don't look too good there to me And Chelsea Clinton all brother Boo Boo Boo Bruce Willis was quite frankly from your shop to settle if he would look all that bad Tell me McWire who's like what else was he in spite of my wasn't he in that the the sea biscuit right right He played the jockey My eye is got an overhang It's just that you wouldn't believe it Holy Christ Paris Hilton and they got an ass and look at her Yeah, it says we're all focusing on her butt and so is gravity Ha ha ha ha Yeah, her ass is down where her knees are supposed to be that's amazing Charlestoron impeccable looking to just find you go girl. Yeah, she's looking good I thought there was oh yeah, here. Oh, oh geez Sarah Ferguson man She met a get back to the old white watchers. She's got cottage cheese thighs Luxe or what even the people at boarden's never saw that's that he hears her why she's British and 80 Oh, I see well, what's the need of eaters of scuice he's American and 90 Great talk about a beach ball He'd have been good in the other prison. He could have played that what the rover Wow Here's Johnny Depu isn't really looking all I couldn't as picture I hate to say he's a we're compared to these people It's great star Jones who's got an ass like a freight train Wow, the rest of her tip. It says it's official her fiance is not gay. He's blind Oh, it's there here's another one that they have these judges that they invited to make comments It says what can I say I expected Al Roker to be thinner is not out Here's Beyonce knows nothing wrong to say about that Here's Jack Nicholson who's got breasts a bigger than Beyonce by a long shot. Oh brother Oh, my thermon. Then we already have him a thermon. Yes, I had her. Oh, I wish looking good I have her a gram looking that just fine. Good Jack Osborne covering up his boobies in the land. Oh man. What a perfect Ted Kennedy who's got he's just all booby Wow He is just a mess. He's also like 80 right? Is if only they made slim fast with vodka To much power Wow Anyway, so there's that that's worth to go on buying it for now getting back to a poor Martha Martha Stewart was framed by the government, which is not to get a red any cost sources say this is any inquiries So it might be right a key prosecution witness has been arrested for lying under oath And the top top attorneys tell the inquirer this shocking development gives the domestic diva powerful new ammunition to overturn her conviction The government wants Martha behind bars so they can make an example of a rich powerful woman source of toldy inquirer But this fights about to get even rougher Martha's told French is considering a one billion dollar lawsuit against the government for practically destroying the empire She took decades to building quires learn exclusively and are behind the scenes investigation found that the prospect of a new trial is brought The 62 year old domestic diva back from the darkest fattest corners of the sphere and reneuther fighting spirit I told you I was framed Martha told a friend of Honda scurring false demons allegedly been made on the witness stand by Larry F. Stewart a Secret Service forensic lab director and the friend told the inquirer the government was out to get Martha because he's one They America's richest most powerful women. They wanted to make an example of her. That's exactly what they did like Erica I'll say nobody likes to rich bitch And so they aren't to name her ass Meanwhile Oji is walking around on loose can he lay he's walking around on the loose all these other corporate cooks They're walking around loose and poor Martha. They want to put her in there to kick to cook and kick for the inmates I like that those bastards Damn it. Anyway, here's how the pool is coming which movie not expected is the hottest you ever seen And so far we have a modest total of 440 votes, but then again who the cares so far you got nine and a half weeks 82 pulling away Body heat 70 wild things 42 showgirls 37 the blue lagoon 29 basic instincts 26 monsters ball 21 Eyes wide shot 17 two moon junction 14 on faithful 13 the story of oh 10 embrace of the vampire eight hunger seven summer lover seven while work at seven and it's a small pathetic is after that Fidel attraction six colligula five last angle in Paris five secretary five and the down from there return to the blue lagoon still got four it's had forces We sat down here. You know That's been real well Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon were of us line W QA and hello Yes, I was just calling to comment on the thing that Neil talked about a second ago Rico case right If you could mention it that at the Rico case it can's married to the model Paulina Periscova Oh my god Wow She also blind Evidently okay, thanks for the bad news. Oh brother Rico case to he must have the big bucks son or maybe he's just got a lot of nice cars. Well he's got big feet 567 056 the pound five 60 just keep walking away from that line I'm telling you right now just dent your way from it. Do it that's right walk away real fast as fast as you can. That's my best advice W QA and hello Hi Neil. Yes, man. Oh, yes. You read it a story about the military is running out of ammunition correct and I was just wondering why doesn't the government issue some of the Max bullets like the one that odds well used to kill Kennedy right man. That's right Then we can get two or three of the price of one that's a good excellent point save all that money. Right. Thank you. Excellent. Thank you. You're a higher cheese replacing condolese and actual security visorist next week Some of the magic bullets. We're going to call Ireland's specter right now in Pennsylvania and see if he can't start working on it and the bullets do You're right. It's just like magic. You know, it went off an distribution and then it came went up in mid area and then went down through to John Conley's arm and his hand is wrist and but I beat but if you turn it off against the sidewalk and up in the air and all these other things Did all kinds of magic tricks and then landed right on that stretcher and almost pristine condition I just don't know where there was a bullet on the stretcher that didn't have a dang thing on it either It was a clean machine 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line W QA and hello Yes, sir. How's it going great? I got something for the fool Scoring the Scoring the did it's about a two to season high school has died. That's my hot tutor Well, you know, she takes care of him and she takes care of that and there's a huge problem between that and send for her South of Carcara movie mail rush right out. Good. Thanks a lot, pal. I think I have a good Speaking of that kind of a movie you two speaking of that what about my tutor? Yeah, who was she that played that movie? Oh, I forgot her name We know Matt LaPanzi played in a parent something rather. I'll find it. Oh, no, I'll get it. I got her right here And my big 4,000 pound book. I might as well make use of this dang thing across me about four million dollars to buy this Let's see Murphy's law Murphy's romance my family my favorite blonde my life with the bushbag my tutor Karen K Matt LaPanzi Kevin McCarthy you'll play this daddy Clark Brandon. I forgot about him. I just like Clark Brandon a lot Bruce Bob for obvious reasons Bruce. Power are lean galon and Krissping lover You know I thought we're really funny in that movie the the house the Gardner and the maid right yeah, we kept pretending that was getting wasted that was sensational that was it was a good movie Wrong with it at all for me. It was very hot I thought she was just five or so name me and Karen no parent. Hey, okay, her amazing talents both of them right and The lovely Matt LaPanzi who certainly was a lot prettier than she was I thought but never let he was ready to live his Newton Johns What's the punta time? What's he really and then all of a sudden you got hit by that ugly stick and wow wow And of course you got hit by that bullbikes stick 567 old 560 look at that Michael Jackson trial dates at four. Oh, what did that say look there? What did I say? I didn't sit oh This is a March 13th Sorry it was on that they put it on there so dang fast just in Be a vice presidential candidate with John Kerry form kind of a bipartisan juggernaut Any truth to that at all I spent several years in an ortho at least prison camp in the dark Feds with scraps you think I want to do that all over again. I just got you There's a mechanic and yuck it up with Conan who wrote that line. Yeah, that's a model of the music now They keep an eskrap on it for whatever we had the day that I will get it for it because I know everybody is sitting on the edge of their pantalues right now waiting W to Q a and hello I think What is it? 560 W to do a m you got it hello? Yes, sir. I'm going to I got a speech on fire report for you. Okay The stretch of 836 between the Palmezzo and the turn bike there's like 12 figures Pins yet exactly picking there are other both people over mad. I just wanted to alert all our listeners Thanks for the bad news pal. Hey, where are you? Well, Jim? So when I please? Yes, a little eye interaction Okay, you got it everybody. We can bite see you too They're out there everywhere man. They're out there. I'm telling you So now to us you're going to be just like Josh your ass is going to be in court I'm going to say court cost and about 150 bucks and you're first born child and all of these to all of that cramp Right Is that what is that? I'm sure it's now when I was just deal what were you doing like about 75 in a school zone something like that? Yeah Oh, that's not too bad Probably the one right after the street there. They can wrote him a book of tickets. I see Yeah, they hooked me with the whole seat belt Well, it didn't you do the ticket defense team thing. I did and Court cost court cost That's it Like I said you're the best Randy malposh ticket defense team baby Boy, it's the one to two hour Don't you don't bother me while I'm in here I It's Mickey Moss Oh, Mr. Mouse good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing sir you're freaking killing me No, not I don't have a Kelly call me every three minutes Why did we move the process sir? You told me to move the bride and tell you when you love them it's under Stubby no sir you said move the practice to Monday. Hey, hey, listen up wife on the ball I make the decisions you take the heat right you all more the practice. Okay, are we going with it anyway? Hold on Remus Shots the hell up. I'm on the phone remis Yes, there was your question. I'm telling you I'm going crazy over here between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson call me every three minutes I'm gonna go out of my freaking mind Hold on Yeah, you both I'm gonna Follow If once this in my hand remis that's your beat is both my other hand remis That's a phone ball right. I can't hear anything we missed stop slowing the floor Sorry I'm sure the moves are working out very well The practice is four minutes times one and it's time swap Please don't we even beating the WB Fairly oh my god Michael Jackson thing was a rating success Hold on a second Reba What's a hellie a doing with a harmonica Don't bring remis. I'll jam that thing down your throat And get that little burn away from me I'm allergic I Tharns are over 25 million people so I thought I'd buy there listen. Yeah, you see me what I'm doing here Sir you're on the phone. I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? You're a imagination for quite a while I'm moving my hands up and down five times. I'm the puppet master. I Said you do it now box is gonna arrow all the stuff that you cut out the Michael Jackson interview But sir you told me to edit out all that stuff to make them Yes What's our hellie doing no It's in the flow ball. It's nothing wrong with a floor remis. What's this in my ear? That your beat is both my honor ear remis Phone that's the phone remis get out Get off I Yes, sir tell me Tell me I'm sorry sir. Tell me sorry. Can they stop me Oh 104 at five 60 it's our man with edge again and one and two our don't forget George to be working on Monday We're not holiday hardest working show on radio even harder than time joiner Well my oh he's terrible Remember they that he came in you probably don't remember an I OD I do and I was in a production studio and he came in with his entourage They're like and I was just wrapping up whatever I was recording in there and the man they acted like what you doing in here Why boy just get out of here real fast that kind of crap. I just I flew out of there. Yeah I thought he would fly jot. Yes. I did fly Anyway, in fact, there are a lot of us in the business who can fly the federal official speaker of that one another great segue You won't believe this story the headline terror threat boost US airport security man We must I must have a horseshoe slipped into me somewhere. I know stuff said he's got he's got one himself Right them attention man a federal official in charge of the nation's airports in today's securities been stepped up a notch In the pace of renewed terror warnings this holiday weekend and set a 30s rash in a public to be vigilant If they see anything unusual reported and unattended package something that just doesn't look right even odd behaving the terminal around the aircraft FAA administrative Mary and Blakey said on the today show this morning on NBNC She said photographs of seven suspected terrorist release Wednesday by the FBR everywhere even though two of them are dead and some may be in prison And that or no, it's the other way around and that screeners have been me Are we deployed to some of the business airports and anticipation heavy Memorial Day holiday travel? Let me just say one good thing about my international airport, okay? Yeah, they're doing a good job. They really are okay. Wow. Well, I see you didn't think I was gonna ever say something like that I mean, no, they've been rated as be one of the very best Nobody's passed a couple years in solid horrendous crap has been going on and they really are they doing a damn good job They're very thorough. They're more thorough than and yeah I got I was in the airport in Copenhagen and Amstet, I'm which they're very laks in Where else were in Rome? Although they do stand around in a very ministering way still with their oozy's undershoulders and Rome I that's always been like that just a whole bunch of them and Toronto here which comes see comes saw, but boy Miami. They are really very thorough and you did make the thing with the shoes off and a whole deal, you know I'm serious they really are doing a good job See far be it for me to always be mr. Negative. I know you liked that a lot better especially those people those picking those should the airport But anyway With 200 million people expected to fly over to some months 200 million They said a number of things that travelers can do to make their trips easier and quicker One of the first things I do is go to my PDA or telephone because now we have a brand new service WWW FAA dot cubs slash wireless oh Everybody around for that And go on there and actually pick up what the story is that you were born before you go She said on NBC are you running in the ground? Lases there whether to be aware of in fact You can go on your specific airlines. See what the story is on a flight. What's the story? It lets you schedule your worrying control and it really does give you a way of understanding the situation Rather than just getting there and saying what's going on? Is that what you always say when you go to the airport? That's what I always say I walk in and what's going on? And they all look at me like oh he must be one of the terrorists The same information is available on a regular FAA internet site for people not using a wireless device such as a personal digital assistant or cell phone It's a repeat the idea of the all of these things. I don't know if I'm gonna take any calls this hour because I got a lot of important stuff I Realize that there were a few people that care not too many not good I just I got let's see one I got some stuff here. I want to read okay, I don't really care if anybody likes I'm gonna do it for myself. All right Know you know Eric Alterman wrote what liberal media huh not personally know oh laying away Eric sends his best Hawks eating crow. I think all of these are on a website so if you don't you know if you want to go somewhere else be my guess But I'm gonna read them anyway Eating crow I liked Alan the Bush administration is not made it easy on its supporters David Brooks now admitted he was Good for the childish fantasy about Iraq Tucker Carlson is ashamed and enraged it himself Tom Friedman admitting to being a little slow as finally off the reservation Dieter Republican publicist bill crystal admits of Bush. He did drive us into a ditch The neocon fantasist and sometimes your public and speech writer Mark Helper and complaints on a Wall Street Journal editorial page the movements Probda of the inscapable fact that the war has been run incompetently with an apparently deliberate content for history Strategy and thought and with two little regard for the American soldier who's mountain casualties and has seen that No effect on the boastfulness of the civilian leadership Most of the regretful Hawks playing the administration for its fair due to execute what they consider a noble endeavor But it is a noble endeavor only in the way that would be noble to give all your money to one of those deposed Ethiopian Princesses who fed your inbox with please to send them all your money for a guarantee of future riches In other words, yes, well, I might have been nice to liberate Iraq from Sodom clutches It was a lot more likely than under Bush Tady Rumsfeld and company We would end up arresting innocent people holding them without trial and systematically torturing and sexually humiliating them all the while saying is the daily show Our shows Rob Cordy put it so brilliantly remember it's not important that we did torture those people what's important is that we're not the kind of people who would torture those people Yeah As the daily shows Rob Cordy so brilliantly put it remember it's not important that we did torture these people What's important is that we are not the kind of people who would torture these people Abu Ghara, right right take a look at the sequence of events. Let me see the revelations about the Abu Ghara right scandal in the New Yorker and began to see more harsh notes with Rumsfeld's desire to extract information from Informants about the location of certain high-value targets in Afghanistan along with us unwillingness to apply the terms of the Geneva Conventions to prisoners captured in the war on terrorism next came the bait and switch application in Iraq of tactics drawn from the war on terrorism Upon which Bush and his administration had based their entire case for offensive war Add to this to be fusal to provide the military with sufficient manpower resources to carry out the necessary task of the occupation and through an unwillingness Use what one form official quoted by hers terms recycled hillbillies Untrained in experience that overworked in a military prison located inside a hostile fires zone with rogue interrogators And virtually no nighttime supervision raped right all of us made something like what eventually took place at the All-but inevitable this is the administration's version of accountability dictated the attempted cover-up that followed The abuse was called to be attention to the occupation authorities as early as May 2003 and in November Escading report of the international committee of the red cross was reviewed by senior US military officials in Iraq A full two must be for the army launched its investigation Amnesty international had complained last summer for Iraqi detainees being subjected to crude and human or degrading treatment AIDS to colon pollen Paul Burmer insisted that they too raised concerns within administration circles But work nor does well nothing was done to put an end to the officially sanctioned Saitism which also turned out to be a propaganda gift to any American service to world over until mid January of this year When the whistleblower specialist Joseph Derby turned over photos to the army's criminal investigation of a division The existence of an internal army report on the Abu Ghara rape abuses according to time was slightly denied with held-ins committee Democrats when they asked to Pentagon about it in January In February when Major General Antonio Tagobas report confirmed the earlier charges and provided the photographic evidence The story was still kept secret from Congress in the American people Finally it was apparently leaked by one of the defendants lawyers to her Shin 60 minutes too, but even then Secretary Ramistel Then joint chief chairman Richard Myers professed to be almost perfectly Clueless Briefing the Senate and Tugs and Committee hours before the photos were to be brought cast on CBS already delayed two weeks at Myers request Ramistel mentioned nothing about the approaching firestorm Neither got around to reading the report until days later What was Bush's public response to the man responsible for what Senator Ted Kennedy athlete terms America's steepest and deepest fall from grace in the history of our country? It was to congratulate him for doing a superb job in Congress the word came from Dick Cheney's office to get off from his felt's case These are the men not just the neocons, but soft described progressives and human rights advocates believe capable of carrying out the Delicate and difficult mission of bringing democracy and modernism to the Arab world while safeguarding his security and good name of the United States Excuse me, but just what was so hard to understand about this bunch. We knew they were dishonest We knew they were fanatical We knew they were purposely ignorant and bragged about not reading newspapers. We knew they were vindictive We knew they were lawless. We knew they were obsessively secretive. We knew they had no time or patience for those who raised difficult questions We knew that were driven by fantasies of religious warfare personal vengeance and ideological triumph We knew they had no respect for civil liberties and we knew they took no responsibility for the consequences of their incompetence Just what is surprising about the manner which they've conducted the war and How pathetic it is that the only cable network really grappling with the media's failure is comedy central Let's give the last word to the daily shows in comparable Stephen Colbert The journalist I know love America, but now all anybody wants to talk about is the bad journalist the journalist at Herd America who didn't uncover the flaws in our pre-war intelligence who gave a free pass on the Sotomayor how to connection who dropped that Afghanistan from the headlines at the first whip of this Iraqi sniper the United States press corps. That's who Pretty good stuff by Eric Alderman Hawks eating crotes on our website today. One thirteen a QAM boom is not just your ordinary regular TV that everybody Her brother's got even in the tenth world countries Boom is high definition TV delivered by satellite dish n HD receiver the picture is so clear you can be thrown in there and grab Duff's act though you like when his TV show comes on Boom is the only entertainment system design for high definition TV. It's got the most HD TV anywhere and provides you with all the equipment Need when you're the ultimate HD TV experience including satellite dish remote HD receiver too and boom's got over 30 channels H.D. programming you can watch ESPN and high definition that's three times more than you get from cable They've got all your other favorite channels to like H.B. Oh and MTV even those local channels too Boom has got a total of over 120 channels of great entertainment boom even as exclusive channels of HD movies music and sports That you cannot get period from a cable or satellite company So with Boom you could all the channels you get now plus all these new awesome high definition channels too Call boom today for that limited time offer, but you better do it right now because the offer ends Monday May 31 is coming Monday call toll free 1 8 6 6 8 4 8 8 6 8 6 Or get more info on their website boom dot com the offer includes free installation no upfront cost no long term commitment Call him today because times run it out call 1 8 6 8 6 8 4 8 8 6 6 6 6 6 or online it's boom dot com 1 So you saw that listen stir out of bottom of us three kids that got the beheaded one the capitated the whole deal Now comes to find out that they got let's see two suspects are in custody and they're our family members All of those uncles likely yeah they want to make them say uncle So they just chopped off their head maybe that maybe they were like a denicalist birthday kind of like inspired Alkai to one of these right maybe they're just crazy people and kind of like set them off and anyway Bob Herbert writes in the ear times today And I apologize for reading so much so night. Oh, I don't because I like these stories The last one my earc album and just made it made a twitch in my echo yes, you know It was so excited And speaking of Al Gore a speech that's no joke rights Bob Herbert. It's always been easy to make fun of Al Gore But if there's any truth to the thunderous criticism he's turned loose on the Bush administration this week It's time to dispense with the jokes and listen seriously to what the man is saying And there they The good thing of the United States of America through the mud of the dumb who says torture Gore called the president in Trump and said the war in Iraq has made America less safe Donald rum spell Autor resign immediately This plan all hope a whip Douglas the Oh the intelligence he's seen in famed home all Autor resign immediately Our nation is that risk every seamless day Rump fell remains as secretary of the If Mr. Gore is right the nation is faced with the crisis of leadership But it's personally perilously close to an emergency if he's wrong that all the folks who made the easy joke Can consider themselves vindicated The war in Iraq said Mr. Gore and any of you on Wednesday is the worst strategic fiasco in history of the US It's an unfolding catastrophe without any comparison In an echo of the growing course of criticism here and around the world he said the war not only damaged their strategic interest And isolated the US from its allies. It's also made the country more not less vulnerable to terror In a widely covered speech earlier in the day Mr. Gore said that Iraq had not become as person a bush had asserted The central front in the war on terror, but he said it has become unfortunately the simply recruiting office for terrorists The speech was extraordinary Milant colorful and delivered with a kind of past new cell and the scene politics anymore the former vice president described Mr. Bush's incompetent on trustworthy and said his policies had endangered the nation The president said Mr. Gore had planned to deceive the war in harvest that the world went In the view of Mr. Gore and many others the essential problems been the triumph and the bush crowd of idiom's Overreality the true believers do everything better than everybody else and the arrogance born of that Certainly led step by tragic step to the war with no exit doors that were locked in today Then arrogance gave rise to the bush doctrine of preemptive war the contempt for international agreements like these Geneva conventions The dismissal of concerns by some of the highest ranking military professionals about the way a war in Iraq should be fought and the willingness of top administration Figures to blow smoke in the eyes of ordinary Americans who were traumatized by 911 and worried about the possibility of further terrorist attacks The same preference for ideology over the elevies turned $ trillion Serposes into multi trillion dollar deficits at Mr. Gore and that same approach is lied to the locking up has led rather than the locking up of American citizens without Recourse the lawyers are access to courts or even a right of their families to know that the being held in secret These and other matters are transforming the US into a country that is more warlike more brutal less free less Just less admirable and much less appealing the nation that existed when Mr. Bush stepped in the presidency in January 2001 Those who disagree with Mr. Gore should challenge him on his facts those who who agree must look for ways to defend the honor Perhaps the very identity of the United States as we've known it The least serious part of Mr. Gore speech was the part that got the most attention his call for top officials of the Bush administration Resign as an attention geter and worked But this was a speech in which the former vice president said what makes the United States special in the history of Confinations is our commitment to the rule of law and our carefully constructed system attests and balances Our natural distrust of concentrated power and our devotion to openness and democracy I would have let us let us as a people to consistently choose good over evil in our collective aspirations more than the people of any other nation This is a time to remember the principle that made this a great nation in a reaffirnum I don't know what will happen in election time in November what I do know is that the nation is facing a crisis now the Bush administration needs to step back from the abyss It's ideology has dragged us into it Maybe that the president never understood with the US more made the US great and that case he'd be among those who could benefit most from reading a Mr. Gore speech If he followed that up with look at the bill of rights, it would only take a few minutes He'd have a better understanding of what this country added space to Zalababab Bob Herbert today's nearer concrete above all you go you go and do it How's that pull coming I mean people still want to know about that pull don't they oh that pull Yeah, that girl And don't forget by the way no McCandrew Double the trouble okay double your pleasure and double your fun one of the top and one near the bun What what's what's Grant says? Yeah, she said one over the sink and one at the hockey rink She had a rename her new book now that all the new addictimistic come down What movie not x-rated is the hottest you've ever seen that's our poll question The annual Rogers come on a world-faming website 113 votes there up is he with it nine and a half week 74 and 94 pull it away Body heat 76 wild things 50 who doesn't like wild things 51 just see as I said it yeah Showgirls 44 the blue lagoon 29 monsters ball 29 Basic instinct 28 I swine shot 18 unfaithful 16 Two-moon junction 15 colliggy 11 story of 11 last thing one pair of nine summer lovers nine the hunger eight Embrace the demand part's got eight wild orchids got eight fatal traction six and after that it's very and look at that Return of the blue lagoon still got only four I guess that's the four of us who seen it right must be you Know you know you know the people I've seen it eight times though. No you haven't returned to the blue lagoon You have maybe 12 times come on Maybe 30 times 30 man I'll be dang Anyway 25 after one we got the mad dog and two don't forget he's broadcasting from hooters in Pizing University to the four the staff known stop by for an autograph signing with Marlon's picture Brad Penny Enjoy specials on honeykin wins in prizes. That's mad dog and Brad Penny at fooders and pepper pines and Little Georgie who needs the cash. That's why shows up at all these deals on a weekend even though it takes up his valuable time That it could be spending with his life life and wife and family And perklica said it's a river to excuse to get out of the house Do I George tomorrow noon to two at Intel wireless located at 1595 Northwest 57 I haven't mind we stopped by the spin-away of surprises tomorrow Intel wireless and authorized horizon wireless age and at 12 noon till two I'm gonna change the face of sports radio Because now I'm the boys of the kids and an elephant of moderate radio Oh boy Ha I'm1o wants to do here Like that. Talk to the same three coolies about sports and sports and Sports. I even got lots of many companies Everybody said I don't have anyone to take that mo do The I'm just gonna die now with my own two-cell and I was a spy. You are a watch-stop. Now you're a dumb. You can't hit me no more. Can't hit me no more. Can't hit me no more. Can't hit me no more. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Maybe I was a little little line. The things I said, you're like that. Yeah, you were. And I'm not gay. You're right now. It is all fairness. That being fat-o-guide-h struck me with kisses me like they used to do. But he's not you. Ah, that tells me you make me almost wanna come back with you. You killed me. Yes, to day my life was filled with joy. You killed me. And now watch-stop with a guava loving, you're going. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You're my best sidekick and foil. I miss how you talk like a foil. Gildy, yes, for whole you. I miss you. Little do-do. Ah, oh, oh. That shit's out of fat. You're my TV. Oh, oh, oh. I ain't going to get your socks on a show that's gay. You're my best friend with you. Have a good time while you're white. Now you're the one who I miss my. You little girl, me, you're my best friend. Are you a watch-stop? You killed a baby. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. One pretty three. And when all this beer talk to commercials and the thing with the Heinekins at Hooters today, I was wondering, you know about Muffy, like you're burrowing on. And you think you'd like to bet it when the bottle or in, oh. Oh. Yeah. Would you like to feel relaxed? What do you get? 27, he'll two at five, 60, W.C.M. Jim Manage and Hooters at the Pines and the Hot Spacials on Heinekin. And Brad Pennie will be there too. Two to four this afternoon. How's that pull coming? I'm glad you asked to change the topic real fast, please. 98 per night and a half week, 76 per body. He wild things 53. Showgirls 45 and basic instincts. But, but everybody else is waiting behind. Okay, to tell the truth Paul Krugman writes today in the New York Times, a lot of good stuff in the Times today. Now that the admitted they got the who, they got the bushwacked on Iraq. And they got light down the garden path. I, that just bothers me a lot. You know, bugs me. They're columnist, many of them are really great. But the editorial board at the New York Times, I think, needs some new appeals. Come on. Well, you can help. Paul Krugman writes some of those organizations, including the New York Times, are currently engaged in subcriticism over the run up to the Iraq war. They're asking as they should, why poorly documented claims of a dare threat. We see prominent uncritical coverage, while contrary evidence was either a norther play down. But it's not just a rack, it's not just the Times. Many journalists seem to be having regrets about the broader context in which Iraq coverage was embedded, a climate which the press wasn't willing to report negative information about George Bush. People who get their news by skimming the front page by watching TV, let's be feeling confused by the sudden change in Mr. Bush's character. For more than two years after 9-11 he was a straight shooter, all more clarity in righteousness. But now those people here about a prison who won't tell a straight story about why he took his to war in Iraq, or how that war is going, who can't admit to and learn from mistakes, and who hold himself or anyone else accountable, what happened? The answer, of course, is that the straight shooter never existed. He was a fictitious character that the press for various reasons presented as reality. The truth is that the character flaws that currently have even conservative pundits, fuming have been visible all along. Mr. Bush's problem with the truth have long been apparent to anyone willing to check his budget arithmetic. His inability to admit mistakes is also been obvious for a long time. Our first wrote about Mr. Bush's infelibility complex more than two years ago, and I wasn't being original. So why did the press quite a Mr. Bush with virtues that reporters knew he didn't possess? One answer is Ms. Placed Patriotism. After 9-11 much of the press seemed to re-reach a collective decision that it was necessary, in the interest of national unity to suppress criticism of the commander in chief. Another answer is the tyranny of even hand this. Moderate and liberal journalists both reporters and commentators often bent over backward to say nice things about conservatives, not long ago many commentators were now costig Bush critics, seen desperate to differentiate themselves from irrational boachators who were neither haters nor irrational, and whose critiques look pretty mild and light of recent revelations. And some journalists just couldn't bring themselves to believe that the press in the United States was being dishonest about such grave matters. Finally, let's not overlook the role of intimidation. After 9-11 if you were thinking of saying anything negative about the press in, you had to be prepared for an avalanche of hate mail. You had to respect right wing punits and publications to do all they could to ruin your reputation, and you had to worry about being denied access to the sort of insider information that's the basis of many journalists to careers. The Bush administration knowing all of this played the press like a fiddle, but is that a recumb to win end? A new Pew survey finds 55% of journalists in the national media believe that the press has not been critical enough of Mr. Bush, compared with only 8% who believe that it's been too critical. More important journalists seem to be acting on that belief. Amazing things have been happening lately. The usual suspects have tried to silence reporting about prison abuses by accusing critics of undermining the troops, but the reports keep coming. The attorney general is called yet another terror alert, but the press raised questions about why. At a White House morning briefing, Terry Moran of ABC News actually said, well many thought during other conveniently time alerts. There's a disturbing possibility that you either manipulating the American public in order to get a message out. It may not last in July 2002, according to Dana Milbank at the Washington Post, who was tried to graced the hysteria to offer a realistic picture of the Bush presidency, the White House press court showed its teeth for the first time since 9.11. It didn't last, the administration beat the drum as a war and most of the press relapsed in the docility. But this time may be different, and if it is Mr. Bush, it was always dependent on that docility, maybe an even more trouble than the latest poll suggests. Wouldn't that be wonderful? I'll write that. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We can add a few more. I've had a couple more important things. Are they important? No. Well, to me they are. Yeah. Maybe I'm just doing this last hour for me today. How do you like that? No, I like it. But you like it. You always like it. I don't know why. You like it. It's just like it. Because you just sitting there on his ass not typing in more 10-in-the-s movie titles on your e-likes. He's sitting there thinking about how lucky he is to get his ass off with the just paying court cause. Going 95 in a 50 mile an hour for school zone. You know it. Yeah. And those three little kids that he just even killed him. But I mean, he just, you know, kind of like, so that's why I'm trying to figure it out. If it's good enough for Rick Sanchez. And by the way, to God, Rick Sanchez is in front of the state of his, he's still dead. Oh, okay. I just mentioned that in passing since everybody like Castro nobys. He castred all of my good close personal friend. Well, I'm sure he's less than right now. We've been all we've done listening to the show. I see he's going to be on the Esports Jam. He's going to jam it Monday nights. Did you see that? Yeah, you all you mentioned it. I'm channel 10. So all of our good buddies on here like Hank in the Mad Dog and all the other whoever's on there, be sure and give our best regards to Castro Nova. Believe you me, he could, he needs some serious help. Ma, ma Mia, here, this is important stuff. Italy issues pizza making guidelines. Pizza makers beware Italy in Rome as there should strict guidelines to protect the real Neapolitan pizza from bogus copies. See, this is important stuff. That's right. The regulations touch on everything from size to ingredients to the type of oven and rule a binding restaurant. We'll receive a special label of testing that real pizza can be near. The rules issued by the I know one place it's called S.S. Oh, man, they got the best pizza in the world. S.S. E.S.T. Oh. The rules issued by the agriculture ministry are part of Italy's efforts to protect its cuisine across the European Union, although it was not immediately clear what steps have been taken for enforcement. I think that might be it. bogus pizza? But a thing. But a boom. The guidelines printed to the country's official Gazette say, really, a poll at pizza must be round. No more than 14 inches in diameter. No more than a tenth of one tenth inch in a middle, which is a question about eight tenths of an inch thick. The texture must be soft, elastic, easily foldable the guidelines say. The norms also specify what kind of flower yeast tomatoes and oil must be used. It recognizes only three types of really a poll at pizza. Marinera with garlic and oregano, Margarita with basil and mozzarella cheese from the southern Appanines and extra margarita with fresh tomatoes, basil and buffalo mozzarella from Campani. The region includes pizza's own town of Napoli, Naples, and we're not talking about Florida. The dough must be rolled out manually in vacant woodboarding ovens that can reach the required temperature of 900 to degrees in which case your pizza's done in about two minutes. The regulations were approved after surveying pizza makers and Naples and surviving areas. Restaurants that abide by the rules were given labels saying their pizzas are guaranteed traditional specialty. And when you walk in E.I. Wallach will be sitting there going, get by and I. Oh, Leo Leave. And you can just pull his brains out. We're supposed to be in a five six inch UAM. My junior, honey. And if you walk in on this view, Massachusetts, they call money. It's been legal for the head of rose. We took a fight out of a much marriage post. I like the money, Mona. On the cake, say I do, and then there's no escape. Two years later, you're in the forest cards. Back to your suitcase and for Logan, they're poor. No frills. High bills. You fight. All right. The bicycle bars. Pull family cars. Now you're a soccer winner. One wedding ring and how things change. Say goodbye to a little strange. Every morning in the same old bed. You see the same face until you were dead. That good breakfast is going to be T.A. Can a scape on just because you are gay. Can't fall into wish for cause trust us. You wish you were, run out my great home bus. You wear a neck. Do I look like a bull? Call as you lay the mud. This is great. Goodbye, singles bars. Pull family cars. Now you're a soccer winner. One 46 and five 60 WKM. Michael Anzolo, senior rally rights. It's the end of marriage as we know it. And most people feel fine. Parring a miracle the family as it has been known for more than five millennia will crumble worn the evangelist Anne psychologist Dr. James Dobson. Regarding Massachusetts and Penny first date sanctioned same-size marriages, promises promises. May 17 came and went and last time I checked the family was still standing this functional as ever. The world is still spinning on its axis. The American economy keeps sputtering along and he reck continues to spiral out a control. The end of civilization has proven to be the biggest most overhyped disappointments in the Y2K bug. No rapture, no floods, no earthquakes, no locusts. The firstborn of very family did not die in order to God strike Massachusetts off the map with an almost almighty thunderbolt. The weather from what I could get this seen unseasonably present in all of it a proven stone as thousands of gamers have been couples with across the Bay State last week. That's Bay with a B. Evangelical leaders were hoping the pictures on television of gay couples getting hitched would sicken and outrage the masses driving millions of Americans to the barricades to take on the enemy within. The attacks on Pearl Harbor, New York and Washington, awake in the nation to peril and called citizens to action, said our Albert Mollard Jr. present of the seven Baptist Theology Seminary, comparing those attacks to the Massachusetts decision, even called May 17 and day that will live in moral infamy. Judging from most people's reactions at today that's already been forgotten, so the new attack by the goofy God squad is to claim that people are in a state of shock, experienced aid, experiencing a delayed response. The fact is enough people have it awake and said the Reverend Lusseld and found of the traditional values coalition that's way told to Washington Post it's a sleeping giant out there and when people wake up I feel bad for the homosexuals you said. Actually people have woke enough and they're quite revolved, but the same gender photo pairings that got them sick of their stomachs were coming out of Massachusetts. They were the photos of Abu Ghara, repeating humiliating simulated sex acts that American soldiers and civilian contractors using homosexuals sex and aggro testly homophobic manner forced male Iraqi detainees to engage in. In that respected timing of the Massachusetts marriages could have been better for the same sex marriage movement, the prison abuse scandal they continuing violence in Iraq and the administration's having the war put same sex marriage in perspective for most people. George W. Bush's approval ratings have plummeted as Americans realized that it's not gained mirrors that this is during the country, but rather the president, Donald Rumsfeld, Condoleezza Rice and the rest of the gang in the White House. They're the ones who've taken us to war based on lies and if a rapidly damaged nation's integrity. In Congress the federal marriage amendment seems dead in the water, perhaps it wasn't a coincidence that the Senate canceled the hearing on the amendment last week in which the homosexual obsessed government Romney Massachusetts was to appear. How would it look in the middle of all the turmoil in the Middle East if reports come out of Washington depicting our senators focused on an issue that ranks at the bottom of voters list of priorities in every pool? Several months back I wrote that the FMA could turn out to be more of a problem for Boston John Kerry who doesn't support same sex marriage either as most voters no matter how they feel about K unions, a little passion to amend the constitution or even to waste much time for debating the issue. That is turned out to be true, but I didn't force the other factors that are for the complicated the FMA for Bush's perspective. Several recent reports have noted that the proposed gay marriage ban while a major talking point for evangelical leaders is failing to assert the evangelical rank and file. Even if they're adamant we oppose the same sex marriage, many are ambivalent about getting the federal government involved. It's not a black and white issue for them like abortion, whereas it won't get them to empty their pockets and run to the pools. Just four months after an alliance a conservative Christian was threatening a church score revolve on us President Bush, champion and amendment banning same sex marriage members say they've been surprised and disappointed about what they call a tap at a response from the pews the New York Times reported. If the FMA doesn't energize the GOP's religious base and if the abortion issue doesn't feel feel like it's functioning either this year Bush is chipping away at abortion rights make might make some conservative questions complacent in 2004 Bush might get the same turn out among evangelicals that he got in 2000 which was a disappointment to Carl Robe. Meanwhile Bush will have alienated some moderate Republicans and Democrats who previously supported him, but perhaps more important to have energized many liberal Democrats and gay rights advocates who are organizing fiercely might have his support of the FMA. Gay groups on college campuses and the community centers across the country are briskly registering new voters, painting Bush's attire news turning gays into second class citizens. The human rights campaign, the largest gay group in Washington, last week launched an ad campaign excoriating Bush which over a few more than 85 times in gay lesbian by sexual and transgender transgender community publications. Even the law kept in Republicans locked TV's spot critical abortion for supporting the amendment. Most of those number-led just right who feel passionately about the FMA or voting for Bush anyway. It's quite possible that Bush has continued vocal support of the FMA will get more Democrats than Republicans out to vote. It's certainly energizing loyal Democratic constituencies like Gays and Lesbians. Meanwhile the majority of voters including swing voters, the only continued note that Bush is trying to change the subject and focus on an issue that's not a priority for them. It's not that they support same-sex marriage necessarily, though the most recent news we pull showed a slim majority supporting some former support for gay unions, but same Bush pandering to the religious right while there's so many other issues affecting the country is not going to play well. As an issue this election year, same-sex marriage may turn out to be a trap that Carl Roves said for Kerry but which hapless W walked into all by himself. I like that. Are you been saying along? Who cares? What's it? What's it, Julia? And don't we have bigger fish to fry? That's so good that it's frightening. I just want to play that all day. Maybe you can play that all day on Monday. All right, over and over again. Don't forget George, I'll be here on Monday while everybody else is goofing off. We're like at least trying to put our best one foot forward and one foot backward. And then the rest of the schedule on Monday, I guess they just don't want to know about. We got the mad dog coming up next to Dhooters along with the Brad Penny's hanging out. Here's the result of that poll so far. What movie not expected is the hottest you've ever seen? 9.5.111. Body heat 82. Wild Fangs 57. Showgirls 48. Monsters Ball 34. Based against Ink 33, Blue Lagoon 31. On Faithful 19, Eyes wide shot 18. Two Moon Junctions 17. The story of 15. Collegula 14. And moved up nicely. Wild Work at 10. Last time, when Paris 9. Summer Lovers 9. Embrace of the Vampire 9. Failed Attraction 9. The Hanger 8. Bound 5. Angel Heart 5. Secretary 5. Return to the Blue Lagoon. It's still stuck on forward. Still stuck. Requiem for Dream 4. The Graduate 4. Barbara Lefour and after that, the Wistrictly Small Potatoes. Evergreen Holiday Week and See You Tuesday. Bye bye! The New Wudgers Show. On 5. Seats on the New Keyway. The Lion and Fort La Hano. Go to lunch, George. No. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano. The Lion and Fort La Hano.