What do we have for you for them today or one? No. Huh? No. We don't? No. Oh. Are you bastards? Don't worry about what I need. I don't want to die from half the stake. Don't want to swallow no more candy. Don't take your break. Take it off my plate. Don't give me no peace, boys. I'm asking tea. Don't want to catch no more more more. I can't just eat it and waste away. Don't give me no peace, boys. I'm vegan now. I'm not to get by. I'm satisfied with what I want to waste away. Take my burger away. Don't give me no peace, boys. The same with God. No one I can't see from what's on my forehead. Can't waste away. Don't give me no peace, boys. I'm half cooked. I guess I have to give a favor to always to waste. I'm not to get away. Don't want to live on my face. Don't give me no peace, boys. I'm asking tea. Don't want to catch no more more more more. What's your new standard? I don't want to get no man count as these. For us got man count as these. That's what we're here in Asian Chicago. We know that we got a whole bunch of people out there. We really concerned about what was he coming back. Things like that. What do you mean no? Don't be so slow. They're stupid. Is he coming back? Oh. Oh. But he's in Chicago with a man cow who comes to fight out is one of those teach and the boobies and the ass. Guys, but also is a right wing Nazi. Yeah, we play his bits there. They're hysterical. He's a funny guy. But he happens to be a real right wing fanatic who's a columns by the way. Right columns that appear on news. Newsmax.com. So, boy, they must have some real difficulty. You go to show it a bunch of other birds. They are. Yeah. How much teeth and ass and the filthy puts on the year to man cow in Chicago is long as he spews the right wing line, they like them a lot. So, how do you like that? So, that's the update on for where he's not coming back. No, no, why are we going to do it? You know, one of those things. I bet that a lot of people are going to call and say, hey, welcome back. Deal. We hope you had a wonderful time. We're glad you got back from vacation safe. We heard, oh, yeah, the 24 hour round of clock. Nurse made. We heard that from his fudge. Right. So, it just seems it when he goes on the year, he makes up all kinds of crap. Just like he does on his website. Like Johnny Cochring was going to be Michael Jackson's attorney. Oops. Oops. The word I'm hearing is that he masturbates furiously while listening to this show. That's what I heard from a very good friend of his. He. No, seriously. He puts on that silly hat to cover his ball spot. And he's yanket himself. Frantically, listen to the sound of my ball right now. Work for it. Yeah. Oh, that's what I'm hearing. Get a grip on yourself, Miss Fudge. You silly goose with both hands. With, uh, uh, in his case with one finger. No. Why? Look at this first call. We're going to get a grip. It's going to be really good. Kill him. Yeah. Happy New Year. Yes. I'm going to walk you back in a while. I'm most afraid to. But I love you. And, uh, get a man. All right. Happy New Year, Kelly. Oh, okay. Yeah. He never let us down at all. Come on. That was a great car. See, this year we got a whole new deal. I wasn't Amsterdam, which is a horrible place in December, by the way. Twirl it. Uh, he wants some coke. X to see. Viagra. Before we do like. Yeah. That's the new deal. I'll be selling tea. Viagra. They can't even sit right. Put their little cell of tea. And I was checking online because it's so boring in a winter time. Anyway, in between your blow and your nose. That's the only thing you're blowing there in December as you know is, Oh, what a horrible place. But anyway, so I'm checking in the online store. That's a good scan. I'm sure you're going to be open up a bunch of those internet cafe stores. Yeah. That's a great deal. I'm doing it. Wireless. Hot spots. I'm serious. They make a fortune. Yeah. And there's almost no maintenance, you know. I thought it was. But anyway, so I was checking our website to see if George was still on the year. And the pull that you took the one day about what was the. Political talk on talk shows is was not that. How cool. Like that. What's your take on the political talk on the show? How many QAM? Hello. Happy new year. My name is Michael. And few you two, man. We got a new word for this year too. A whole bunch of new words. No, I was watching a. What? I think it's great. I'm trying for years to figure out how to say that one and get away with it. I mean, we do the Schmidt thing, you know, and all the other crap. But I was watching a informal show for some. Classical music. Very high. Right. Routing on a BBC. And then we're talking about box few. You know, few number 69, whatever was. I love his few. Yeah. And I thought to myself, well, few you, you mother few. You know, yes. You can a whole bunch of new words that we can finally open up. I like it. So anyway, you did that thing about politics and, uh, man, you people out there are Sophalacrap. It's just, it's amazing to me. They always give it at least usually. They give it a politically correct answer. Oh, it's very important. You must talk about politics. You know, you know, you're right. Where the correct answer was, you're preaching to the choir. Right. Which is what I've got. You're farting into a blizzard. It's what you're doing. You're farting into a goddamn hurricane. That's all you're doing. Just wasting time. And, you know, our website will continue having a same great bedtime stories with George had some really sensational ones by the way. In fact, you're doing such a great job on that. Don't say it. Don't go there, girlfriend. No, you might even have some good stuff on there, including what about the skull and cross bones. Yeah, I was in the neighborhood. Yeah, you've returned to anything. Which inspired a poll that you took. Gate. It was kind of gate. Anyway, 9008 votes on your poll from Thursday, which shows they can't all be good. Right. What was my idea? What were your New Year's resolution be this year? 314 out of 908, said New Year's resolutions are. Gate. 200 said. I'm going to lose weight. I didn't even do that one. Is she a bad way? 1.1. That's not too bad. Is it? No, not bad at all. I'm talking about about a pound and a half an ounce of it. The best meal I had was McDonald's. You keep saying that. Oh, I'm not. I'm telling you, they wouldn't know a piece of meat in Amsterdam if you stuck it in their face. And I've tried that many times. They went away. But they just don't know how to prepare meat. The only good meat you'll get there is McDonald's or Burger King or the Cowboys. Even. I'm telling you, they wouldn't know good food. There's something wrong with them. Anyway, lose weight 200. Get the few out of South Florida. 86. That's the way my three kids really used that legitimately and I like it. I like the sound of it. It's very intellectual. We put it for you. We got a sound Florida, 86. That's 9.4% of you people are finally rising up. Haven't a fairer, 67. I'm sure that was your just vote. Get a better job, Fiti. Stop beating my meat. Now you could have put something more intellectual on there. Like stop yanking it, something like that. But stop beating my meat 42. Listen to Neil more 38, which we need your help this year boys and girls men. We're just like Miss Fudge said, the ratings are so bad we had a bad month. You should live so long, Matt. As long as we got you sitting there with your guy then, Bob Quince blow up dial on one side and your hand colder blow up dial on the other one. He's squeezing it right now hard. Listen to Neil more 38. Listen to mole last 26. That's a good idea. Absolutely. Stop smoking 19. Get a divorce 19. Quit drinking 18. Quit drugs 15. Stop beating my wife 10 and stop eating meat only four. I can cure with that last thing there because even though I'm grossed up by this whole thing about the downer cows. I never heard that before. You sounded, yeah they had as a matter of fact it was a couple years ago. They had a big expose on the slaughterhouses that are continuing to sell in process. The downer cattle, there are rules and regulations against that that they've been resisted. Oh, why is Eric putting this old pull back on, again? For me to see the result, I guess. Oh, I guess. Preaching to the choir. Let me vote on again. I already voted from Amsterdam, Eric, but that's okay. Political talk on a show is, well this Eric is on top of it. He did this just for me. Yes, he is. So I can take a puke at it. And I don't want to pull pull your opinion because otherwise we wouldn't take the pulls. But in this particular case, Yeah, puke. Yeah, puke. I knew by the way we got a skeleton log, a skeleton schedule today. It's just, this is maple leave it. It's kind of like we get a free pass today. And how about they've hurry cones too, how about it? Just squeak by again. Another misty old girl the same script every year is so boring. But, fetic. I'll let's see. I'm trying to think that the quarterback for USC, there's a good looking stud. Maybe he can be Tommy Brady's successor in the winland after the Patriots win three or four more super bowls. Oh, don't start with that football stuff again. We're looking at our wounds here. What I was cute when you put the, what pull was it you put fire day for on that on. That was great. That was excellent. And political talk on a show. Look at that there were 185 votes. Wow. How is that possible? Was that a weekend pull? It was just week. Important 329. 30% About 30 minutes. Say political talk on a show is important. Well, good luck to you in the coming year. I'll tell you there right now. Oh, don't sell us out. I'm not selling you out, but I'm just telling you it's a waste of time. It's fighting into a goddamn hurricane is what it is. It's okay in small doses. Okay. 269 said that. Intertaining 245. Why was it entertaining? I don't know, but I thought I could put that on there. Some people actually like it for entertainment. Yeah, all those old, the touch-o groupies, all the old parts. So once I'm recalling you about Miss Drudge. See, I can't imagine why any self-respecting human being would even admit they listened to that Queen's Daccafaxes. Oh, Carl's. See, you got to understand just like the Johnny Cockring thing. He just makes crap up as he goes along. So we're going to start making up crap about him. Like he wears a colostomy bag. Stuff like that. Although he might, you never know. Preaching the choir 110, that was the correct answer about political talk. It's preaching to the choir. Boring 106 and offensive 26. Kind of like, I don't know, the result on that poll. Sock, that's all I can tell you. Very weak. Speaking of very weak, very jackass has his usual spectacitor Friday morning column today. Jim Sarnie, I always knew you were an idiot, but you got to stare right in about QAM or okay if you're going to write about sports talk on a radio sports broadcasting. You got to write about QAM and hell of a lot more, Miss Sarnie. But very jackass writes today in the hero. He says this was a year when he has pn somehow thought Rush Limbaugh would be a good higher. ABC somehow thought Lisa Guerrero would be a good higher and WQM somehow thought Scott for Rally would be a good higher. All right. All the audience thought he was a good higher. But I'm going to say it again. He's got a death wish. He just got a career death wish. He wants to continue getting himself can. In fact, he hasn't even officially taken that job in Chicago. I try to get a definitive answer out of one of you people this morning before the show. And it's like, wow, he's there. He's doing it. But he's, you know, for the time being, he's waiting to get canned again. I'm serious. I don't know what that's all about. Anyway, so then very goes on with the national big stories and this and that local big stories. This disaster says very Jackson crude, rude for Rally repeatedly crossing the line of good taste and WQM, practically forcing the station to fire him. Now let me ask you, did we fire him? Yeah. But what does that mean practically forcing the station by that's very again. Try and like primal them out piece for Gregory. Then, wait to hear this punching bag of war. WQM's Howard David continues to be casting it down here by colleagues. Enough already says very enough already. No, not enough already in addition, which you're not supposed to be listening to the show anyway, because it's not a sports show, Barry rhymes with Mary and Barry. I told you, I think he's talking about those other shows where they use them as a punching bag. Well, good for them. And the answer from them also is, no. We have it. We've only just begun as Karen Harper to would say if he just eat one little piece of meat. She was probably worried about man cow. She's probably worried about man cow. And now not a way is Barry Jackass is he the mouthpiece for Greg Reed in the newspapers. But now he's also the miniature program director. We already got enough program directors and operation managers and middle-level management people. We don't need you with your little brown paper bag lunch programming QAM. You little asshole. You little putbacking piece of third. God. But anyway, that's Barry Jackass's take on the state of broadcasting in QAM. And this and that and Russell and Bob all of these things. 1013. The good news for you today is like I said it's like I'm make believe they said a breaks are going to be like perilously short. We are sports radio 5. You a M. Oh Canada. A land that's produced rock and roll is great as performers. And now these legendary conxpaterduts one another on this new CD, the best of Canadians singing other Canadians. Featuring and Murray's version of this rush classic. Modern day warrior me means try to days times higher me mean and rush is take on this and Murray standard. The best of Canadian singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from C2. A like Celine Dion's rendition of this new young number. Oh man look at my life you're a lot like my husband runnin' no? Neil Young singing Celine Dion's biggest hit. I know that my heart of calm will go. But that's not all. There's Shania Twain singing Brian Adams. Crash just dummies doing the lattice more is that snow wrapping the guests who and Gordon Whitefoot performing this. Bear naked lady smash hit. Keep up your copy of the best Canadian singer. Other Canadians. But great white north has never been so great or for that matter. So white. Ten 18 at five 60 WQM happy new year A. Thank you. Twenty three votes on the pool so far to Brandon would is up there right now. Pretty good pool I think. Pretty predictable. Into the account of crap. What do you think was the biggest celebrity star of 2003? Here's the choices. I guess I should read them off of what's got on a pool so far only 23 votes. Arnold a group in a related governor of California six. You know that they showed a clip that I had forgotten about. They showed it on one of the end of the year things last couple of days of J. Leno introducing him to make his acceptance speech. Okay. That to me had to be the most inexcusable level. In appropriate piece of crap I've ever seen in my life. You don't agree? Why didn't see it? J. Leno introducing Arnold as the governor of California. Right. It's showbiz state. Yeah. And then there was forget about politics forget about government forget about anything. It makes any sense. Everything is show but there's no business like showbiz and that's it. That's exactly correct. I just I was a Paul I couldn't believe it. I mean talk about absolutely inappropriate. Like like bring out the pompoms and start with a guy then ticker tape parade and let's get all the showbiz and people in there. It's just said Arnold a group in a related governor of California six. Well few him. Michael Johnson arrested. If I always speak at a Michael Jackson you realize that CBS is completely sold out. Yes. I mean you can debate whether they actually paid him the million dollars for that 60 minutes interview or not. But the fact that a matter is tonight. Tonight at eight o'clock or whatever time it's time was out. Well not watch it CBS is airing the Michael Jackson number one special all part of the deal. I can't wait for the Charlie Manson special. What but time is that in the John Wayne Gacy special and the Ted Bundy would ought to be good to that show. Unbelievable. Charlie with a musician. Michael Jackson arrested six Kobe Bryant case five. Madonna and Brittany kiss two. Martha Stewart insider trading one and no votes yet for Rosio Donald lawsuit. He has heard his head or a royal horn. All by that tiger by the way, he's home Roy. Yeah. And not going to good they put his skull piece. He's making little gurgling sounds of none. I can't believe the lack I was going to take a whole bunch of calls here. Did they because like I said it's kind of a screw in off day. When you think we're doing screenless by the way this year just this year we're doing screenless next year we'll think about it. about it. All depending on what it might 24-hour nurse made can help me answer these phones. 5-6-705-60, palm 5-60 on a AT&T in Verizon, wireless number. We did over 55 grand for Band-in-Parisk you not bad. Well, it's not great now. We usually hope for but you know two factors running a very much against this number. One, most of our audience has gone and number two charities have a tough ride this year. Nobody hit it. That's right. Times are really hard. Plus the fact we got no audience. Now, of course, this for a wealthy while you run vacation, I was informed by Miguel and the beast to wish by the way, don't ever put the beast on the show again ever under penalty of death. Even though it was my choice of putting mine under the first place, but he's useless. The deal was, well, everywhere we go, the word is that they've tuned you out. New, they've tuned the station off, generally, except for the severe the sports nerds because they're not coming back until for welcome's back. Well, he ain't coming back. That's number one. Number two. What does that have to do with this show? Do you explain that to me? I would they punish us? I don't get it. I mean, what was the connection? Didn't what we do pretty well before he came along? Right? Right? What's the hell? A long time and all of a sudden it's like, wow, of course, I don't believe them anyway, but it's just one of the, one of those excuse kind of thing. Sure. Oh, yeah, they all went away. They hate you now, they'll be cause for well, got fired. What? Well, you fired him. That was sure. I'm gonna put you in there. There he is right there. Sounds to me like he's got that man code disease. W to Q I M. Yeah, happy New Year, new and send the user. Hey, he never called me once. He likes me a line. Oh, two way. Hello. Come on, at least happy New Year. Come on, pretend to be happy, man. Pretend to be in a good mood, even though the dolphins took it out the ash and didn't make the playoffs. They did squeak by that jet game last game in the last second. Then make any difference. People are a little upset about that. They probably all even though the recoil is beat the, the one the original last night. Again, a missed field roll by FSU right at the Ensemble Tier thing in 16 to 14. What kind of a score is that? Sounds like a girls game to me. So I think we're probably cursed down here and people are pretty upset about it. W to Q I M happy New Year. Yeah, no, yes sir. Yeah, we're gonna start spot. W to Q M happy New Year. We're the chronic ant driver. Happy New Year. And back to you. See thing I'm nothing to say to guys right. They have no material. I sure hope you did better when you were on. No. No. There was a day or two where I had a smattering of response. I saw some light at the end of the tunnel, Well, let me let me know when he audiences come back. Then I'll start doing like a real show. I'll fire a flare up into the air. Send a message in a bottle. Or a ran speaking of problems. A randomizing New Test caused that earthquake. President Mohammed Katami is denied that the killer quake that struck Southeast around December 26 was caused by a secret nuclear test newspapers reported Wednesday. These allegations have spread, but they're completely unfathombed said the president who on Monday and Tuesday visited the ban region at the epicenter of the quake that admitted, huh? Now don't don't do the ban. Don't do that emerald gassy thing. That's terrible. There were 30 or 40,000 people died and you're making jokes about it. Oh, they were errors though. Bam. I wasn't thinking about emerald. I hate to say that. Our religious principles are security and defense doctrine. Even low and leave no room for nuclear arms. He's like, what about their reigning media? Iran is building its first nuclear reactor. Is that nuclear? Is our president said, but is repeatedly denied accusations from the US and Israel that it's embarked on a covert nuclear arms program. It's got MME because this is bread. Yes. So there you go. Don't forget Michael Jackson on CBS tonight. Don't watch it. That CBS eyes that'll be watching you round a clock. Don't do it. One book kind of an asshole will watch that program. What kind of a moron? Great. A. In other words, the people we just heard from last couple of minutes. How many of you are in? Speaking. I mean, I don't know if you need to love the Georgia Faggot. One of your people. How many of you are happy new year? Yeah, I've been new year. Now you've got to walk back and towards a good job. Just good. Just good. Oh, and the click. There he goes. What do you want to get too carried away? Good. Did a good job though that guy said? Not phenomenal. Not sensational. Just okay. How do you want to get? That's good. That's what I'm going for anyway. 43 votes on the poll. Why I tell you one thing? It's going to take us a while here to build this poll up today. Man, something really stinks. 41 votes. What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003? Arnold the group andator elected governor of California 18. Michael Jackson arrested the 11. They shouldn't bruise them all up like that. You know, yeah.�slimba drug edition 11 Kobe ride rape case seven Madonna and Brittany TV kiss two Roy Horne, Marl by Tiger one one on Martha Stewart's insider trading that to trial by the West Virginia were 22 my right about that. Yeah. Paris, Hilton, the sex tape none and Rosie O'Donnell lawsuit. As none. Who cares about that bitch anymore anyway, right? Nobody cares. Small potatoes, man. Big poof, small potatoes. Nobody cares about you Rosie. They wish you just go away. You have misfudge. What a match made in heaven. WCWA and hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Well, home back and happy new year to you, sir. I just want to fit in George from Michael's home. Okay. Thank you. 567. 560. I was saying that our great audience is gone, huh? Who ever said that? Roy. Oh, what does he know? He's got a few mental problems. Let's see. Let's take a look at that schedule for today. We got Curtis Stevenson on for the mad dog who's taking an extended man. You talk about days off. He makes me look like a biker. Curtis Stevenson 2 to 3 30 does a good job. By the way, nice to go. I'm Curtis your okay in our book. And then we got Guilty on Game Night. At 3 30 for an hour pregame show. Why are they doing an hour pregame? Is that characters at a mistake? I don't know. Oh, that can't be right. Our pregame for the Panther game. There's a lot of material to cover that that's 60 minutes. That's more that's more than a minute for each people's who's going to be listening to that crap. Panther preview would 430 to Panthers and a fully flyers that could be really ugly at the macaroon is 5 o'clock. And then we got the fiesta bowl case state is that Kansas state? I guess. Yeah, against Ohio state, huh? Yes, I suppose to know these things. What is that case state? What kind of a more on put set on her? Kansas state and Ohio state. What else could it be? That's the fiesta bowl. Anybody care about that? And then you got any kid follows the a football game in the SPN radio overnight. That's our schedule. That's our agenda. We thought I get to this story about the Air Force France Groundings. Wait, well, the people feel really secured when I hear about this stuff. Air France Groundings stem from the state. Just a little mistake, you know, like some old Chinese lady. Oh, she sounds like a terrorist to us send a plane back. Things like that. 10 27 at 5 60 QAM you're used to be popular stations. Which way you'll find this? All across the country, people are eating beef for dinner. In the radio Texas, the thing of families being poisoned by bad but lost. In the walkies stay a cleaner, joking to death on a water filet room. And in kidnering name, the Johnson's are watching a green adcornering. It boxed as a lifetime of eating burgers as block his arteries tighter than a hangman's news. At the end of the day nothing kills so many people in so many different ways. Beef. It's what's for dinner. Positively you're last in it. That's okay. I like my meat man. I'm not giving up my meat for nobody. Lane Canada, that's a way to go. Just plain Canada. Anything bad happens. It's the Canadians fault. Right? Barbada. We're going to head cool. It's ours. It's from Canada. You get some bad meat. It's Canadian cow. All I crap. You know, it's how well within like 24 hours. They sent that group voltage of pan to say, oh, don't you please reconsider and it said no. You know what I'm saying? They got their own beef. They got good beef. They ever have that Kobe beef? Oh, no, but I understand that Kobe right was named after it. I'm serious. Kobe beef is supposed to be the best. It's very expensive. Yes, I know. You just make it. No, no. He was named after Kobe beef. Yes, he was. Why is that? Is he got tender meat? His dad really liked the product. I see. So you were closer to permanently upgraded the country's defenses against mad cow disease Tuesday of this week. Banning meat from all so-called down or cows and promising to create a nationwide animal tracking system steps long advocated by critics. These are very aggressive actions. I've got culture, secretary and venom and said to the, this is the same rod that said, oh, it's Canadians. It's Canadians. It's a Canadian cow. We kept to the first case of mad cow disease surface. Now, US oil wash and state hosting slaughtered on December 9. The changes will produce more rapid testing of cattle for the presence of mad cow disease and meat will not be processed until test results are back. Venom and also said small intestines from cows will no longer be allowed in the US food supply. Nor a head or spinal tissue from cattle older than 30 months. In addition, the Bush administration is ordering changes in the slaughterhouse techniques to prevent meat from being accidentally contaminated with brain or spinal court tissue to can spread mad cow disease. Doesn't this make you feel a hell of a lot better about the crap that they're feeding us? Oh yeah, we're eating. Huh? I'm going to go get some down. I'm serious. What are we going to do about it? Nothing. Nothing. Their feeding is crap. They're feeding us poison all the time. The air that you breathe is poison. The food that you eat is poison. The water your drink has got all kinds of toxins in it. And you know what? We don't care anymore. They've worn us down. Good thing you can't smoke anywhere now. Yeah, that's right. They're saving us from ourselves. Got to see an antigen. They smoke those real, real strong, real vangots unfiltered. Oh my god, no matter where you go, you're just gagging and dying from the stench of that crap. I think people that smoke, uh, they're ought to be like a meter. And if the cigarettes are over like a certain level of strength, you just ought to be able to put them right on the spot. What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003? That's our poll today on the orangies.com. We got 71 votes to votes are trickling in. Arnold the groupenator elected governor of California, 22. Rush Limbaugh drug addiction 19. Michael Jackson arrested only 14. Wouldn't you think that would have been winning? There. Kobe Bryant rate, especially after all, is Marksson is arm. Kobe Bryant rate case 11. Martha Stewart insider training to Madonna and Brittany's TV kiss to. Uh, what's his name? Roy. Mull by the tiger one and still no votes for Rosie O'Donnell's lawsuit or Periscillton sex tape. How can that be that nobody voted for the Periscillton sex tape? It was really green and she's ugly anyway. Sanky, but her TV show is big. Yeah, no. It's going over bigger than Mary Tyler Moore. I'm telling you right now that's skaky skavies saskini as bitch. Air France is grounding of three transatlantic flights over Christmas was a mistake based on FBI information in one case that confused the child's name with a suspected terrorist the Wall Street Journal Europe said today. Signing French officials the newspaper said the US federal bureau investigation gave French police on December 22nd, a list of six suspects names and information indicating militants linked to Alcada were planning to hijack an air France jet. Wait to hear this? French officials said that when French agents detailed the passengers on the Paris-Telle flights would names matching those on list, air France found that a matching that of the head of a Tunisian-based terror group was the name of a child. That's no excuse. Another so-called terrorist was a Welsh insurance agent while a third was an elderly Chinese woman who once ran a restaurant in Paris the newspaper said the other three on list were French citizens. A spokeswoman at the French Interior Ministry said only some names were checked out they didn't correspond to the people. Oh, French officials cited the newspapers had questioning in part of US transportation security administration officials revealed no sinister plots. It's enough to make you pause in it. Yeah. Asked about the newspaper report a source post of French investigating judges handling terror cases told writers it couldn't be true because US terrorism investigators had never given French authorities passenger names only flight numbers. The story just cannot be true. He said it no time to the US give his names. We never had the names of passengers. They just gave it to number of the flights they believe were under threat. Does that make any sense to you? No. So we can't even get their stories together. But I feel a lot safer now. With my man cow, I'm going to walk everywhere. Let me say again case you two did late for rallies in Chicago. So if you like to show a lot move there. If you hate us now like poison because you got himself fired. Move to Chicago. Listen to a frowl with man cow. What did you tell me he's doing the traffic? That's his official designation. Well, what does he do? They have a morning zoo thing where everybody just chimes in and told man cow tells them to shut up. Right. So he's in there just going like yeah like that. I'm all part of him. I hope he's been paid a lot of money. Nice gone. I hope he's making a lot of cash and pay his next day. See, this is the only guy. The audience doesn't believe us. They think we're making this up. This is the only person I've ever met in the business who comes into a job and is preparing from the very first day. He's already looking for another job because he's prepared to get himself canned. Am I right? Well, he snort that way. Well, getting self-canned? No, preparing for another job because he knows he's got to go. But the only thing that doesn't believe that because they never heard such a thing. But it happens to be true. I mean, the first time that I'm meant him actually pushed the push. He started telling me about, wow, this one. He went to get two other jobs in the market and he's going to be doing this. He's ready to walk out the door and it's like you ought to have a revolving door. Right. And right downstairs at the abacement. They ought to have a revolving door so that when he walks in and he can just keep going and walk right out. Don't get it. I never were encountered that. But we wish him the best. Good luck to you, Scott. You're needed. And the audience loved you like crazy. And he just liked pushing us. So thanks a lot. I don't understand that. Maybe we'll get some colors to the level of slain it to us. Although quite frankly, all of those people are gone. Right. Right. And then there's the other thing. Well, so maybe it's a bunch of crap and he had nothing to do with this with one. The numbers. With the terrible month that we had in November. I got instant and it's like poison because all of your people got to diaries. All the sticks got to diaries. Yeah. And the Nazis. The sticks. Well, see that. I don't know. Yeah. And redundant. Right wing. That's like saying right wing, fiction, South Florida. And I don't want to say speaks because that's bad. I want to say cube and humans. No, it's here. It was we have plenty of sticks who are listening. We're not Cubans. Right. We would not only they listen to the show, but they'll admit it. They'll write it down. All the Cubans are listening to. They're just not going to write it. They're just going to lie about it. Oh, no, no, no. I held with that mighty coin. We don't listen to him. And especially quite a lot of Miguel tells me, I mean, Elian was bad enough. That pissed them off. Lot of them. And just when we're starting to make a comeback, and this is your fault by the wind. I'm buying it. Call me because I never even heard of this disgusting monkey face bitch. I never heard of freaking senior crews. I'm a human now. I'm thinking I'm dead. I'm a fool. I'm a fool. I mean, who'd a few who speaks English ever heard of senior few in crews, huh? Seriously, whoever heard of that bitch. But now because of the fact that you're the one that started ripping a ass and making it just an all out of salt on her and I have it a color of a bullbike. Yeah. I didn't color a bullbike. I said that she was a transvestite. She had a husband, you know. Did she really? Yeah, she did. Wow. He's so this because we made a few comments like that because she was a townless bitch right away. There is that Cuban segment of the community in Sanford again, turning in us like poison with a venom seldom seen in history. So all of a sudden rush makes a big comeback because now all of our wingers, we got to go back to rush. We got to support rush man. Rush is back on the air and he's under a lot of pressure from all over Liverpool. Comedy Pinkos see Tom Jekyll you're absolutely wrong. Tom wrote a column a couple of days before when I'm vacationed. And by the way, see line one still doesn't work. It looks like it works, but it's the work. It lights up. Is there somebody on there? Hello. Qam. It's dead as a doorknayel, Jordan working. Not since I've been sitting my ass here. Oh, see. That's all. Do you even see a line on? No, no, no, no, no, no. You broke it. It's you. Anyway, what was I just going to say before you interrupted about Jacob wrote an article two days before we were right. And he was talking about Rush Limbaugh and about me and about how our listeners, it's not because of political philosophy in this and then it's because they have the entertainment effect. You're partly right Tom, but generally speaking, you're wrong as usual. Because the ditto heads, they'll follow Rush to the air. If it comes to find out that he murdered 15 people while he was doing a drug deal, it doesn't make any difference. There did no heads, man. Whatever he says, whatever he does, it's okay with them. They'll come to his aid. But with the liberals, which is very few of his left, it's not that way at all because how many people have we got who are really our liberal? I've heard of man. Listen to the show for their reason. But Rush is the same thing as with the Fox Newsman, the same crap. Those people that's a religion of them, they watch it 25 hours a day, just like they listen to Rush. So that's what we're up against. Every time there's a trend when the when your people, when the Kubanos and the Redneck's get to die, we haven't got a Chinatown in Chants and Hell no more. So that's just the way goes. Toss, you got for all fired. I look and never in your zone. You look at me. And then you say something right. You know what would it change to make you see that I'm a guy. I had some desiccals. Then I got you off some facial hair. And couple of desiccals. Hey, inside the side. I had some fabulous news. Then I want to take me to be a man. So we've been done to his plans. If I had some desiccals. I never will. If I had some desiccals. I would have sounded like Kelly Clarkson. A couple of desiccals. Like the stand of Wendardine. If my baby is a fool. Maybe I have some real fans. If I had a couple of desiccals. It's 24 at 5.60. WQM. Happy New Year to you. The audience seems a little bit on the sluggish side. I think I'll be right back. Okay. I'm sorry. 5.670. 5.60. 5.60. On the AT&T. In Verizon Wireless Line. This is the year we make another. We got to start all over again. That's obvious. Great keeps picking up the egg and breaking it on the ground. Speaking of eggs. Yes. What I watched in chronological order. I'm thinking. Momento. Oh. In chronological order. I have done that yet. Yeah. The Easter eggs. Anybody doesn't understand what that is. We didn't either until a few months ago. Somebody turned us on to the website ex.com. I was at a friend's house and wound up watching it again in the regular backwards order. No. That's so good. That's so good at all. I'm ready to see it all in line. How's Teddy doing? Oh, I'll see him no more. Oh, sorry. I just ruined it for you. Guy Pierce is really good in that movie. He's very good. Yeah, he's in everything. And anyway, so there you go. Momento, if you go on an Easter Eggson, it's a little bit complicated. But if even an old fart like making figure out how to do it, you've watched it in chronological order. The only thing is the credits still roll backward at the beginning. Oh. But it warns you of that when you read the Easter Egg thing. I still don't understand why they do that. Why is it like everything has got to be a game. You know, like all of us old farts like you and me. Right. Like the world is past as vies. So all the punks they got while we got the secret code. You know, we can actually get the good stuff. I'm struggling to keep up. Are you right? And I'm, I would just give up how many years ago? I've got a good man. I never caught up. So what else should I even try now? 560560 pound 560 on the AT. I want a woman collar on his own. You know, that's another reason that we're taking it up the pipe man. All these women I call his show. I say all of them all three of me. Oh, you have so many women listeners out there. You know where they how are they? Okay, where are they? Do they show up on a phone? Do they show up on a rating? Do they show up on your appearances? No. When you go into these bogus appearances like a dosyidal when you're the sandwich you guy. Yeah. No, that's a bad example. The name of appearance place where people actually do show up like a doll. Give me one. Harley. Okay. How many women show up? One. Per appearance and how many guys? About 30. Oh, that's just they said a bunch of guys show up and no women. We have you know women on this show now. I can understand the sports segments of this station having little or an O female audience. But what they'll happen here? We used to do a two share consistently on IOD but then again that was IOD and women. We have no freaking no fub in women. And that's where most guys are looking for a few been women. How many of you? Not there. How many of you? Hello. How many of you? Yes. I'm happy new year. A lady run off the bat. How do you like that? See I told you? Hello? Yes, man. Hi, I'm going about your poll. Yes? I'll come down here for a bit on there. That's all they talked about this year. Alright, we probably put that on or even know we're just right to pass out from the both of them but they will put it on there. Alright. Thanks, we don't have a right new year. Alright, you have to do the same. Bye bye. I asked to kill you. I asked to kill your mad cow. Let's get that on there. OK, can we do that? OK, I'll tell her. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Put better brother. Yeah, put better for run here, Eric. Please. Do we want to put it that way? Better for the girl. What is I just saying? I can't stand you to one of those people. No, no, no. That bitch with her big bro. Not getting an ass in him, which he's he is so freaking pouring a wonder mad demon dumped him for the guy that he's sewn together with. Would you watch that movie? Well, you know, like my a demon anyway. No, no, no, no. No, what was the one movie you did like him in? No, no, no, no, no. I got him in. Huh? I forgot. It wasn't the board identity because that's why I didn't see it. No, no, no, it was the movie he was really good where he was like really bunched up a little bit. Not that movie with the board Robin Williams. Was it some warm movie? No, it'll, it'll. OK, I'll go find out. Hang on a second. Alright. Guess what? What? It was the board identity. What's wrong with you? I had it. Huh? I haven't seen that. It's very good. OK. First class passion, your triceider cockpit. A 31 year old Tennessee man is in federal custody after trying to have the cockpit drain. See, we don't have to worry about terrorists. What we have to worry about are drunken Americans. That's what we need to be really concerned about. Craping on the food cart and thing like that. The 31 year old Tennessee man in federal custody after trying to enter the cockpit during Northwest Airlines flight from Detroit, yesterday afternoon, Tennessee man. Tennessee man, how old was he? About 30 man. Who probably thought cockpit meant something else? According to Department of Transportation's spokesman Scott Isha Kawa, the incident occurred about two hours before flight 9.23 arrived in Hanalulu, Isha Kawa said, for a first class passenger tried into the pilot's area, the passenger was seduced by a female flight attendant who was assisted by a two-off duty Northwest employees. No weapons were used and nobody was injured. The FBI's investigating the case. Brandon Gabriel Rines was arrested when a flight landed in Hanalulu around 230 in a PM. It was taken to the federal detention center near the airport charged with interfering with a flight crew. Maybe it was just a little bit integrated and he was having some holiday cheer. You think could be? Maybe. Because after all, it was the first of January in-earle. Right? We have little concert house on my flight back from Amsterdam. Arrived at the Lester Pierce near Porton, Toronto and when they opened the door up, all of a set, it was a whole bunch of police on the other side. The Canadian Mounties, whatever it had they were, RCMPs. Now they were regular like police. And they said everybody go back and sit down, get your passport ready and is so and so is John Francois Brown on the plane. What about his name was? And sure enough, he was very brown. In fact, he was like darkened and brown. It's skinny kind of a guy. He looked a little like, I don't know. Like one of those guys that would say, Coke, X to C, V, I got up. What are those guys? They hauled his ass off the plane. He, he deported himself very well. They came forward. You know, it didn't said the bomb off and then we all got off. And I will tell you one thing, man, it's, I need everybody's been traveling during a holidays. It's like an inquisition now. At least it was here. You come on a international flight and they just about take your pantalones off and the do a cavity search and a whole deal. They are just foaming at them off. They don't try questions for that? Huh? They don't try to extra for that cavity search? No. It's a free server. A Pittsburgh woman is being hauled off. held without bond after allegedly attacking a federal air marshal on northwest flight airlines uh... flight to Minnesota few as attorneys office has charged dawn sunday and that a great name which i had that man what i would have heard a perfect name for like an actress don't so that a deal in don't send it with a solding a federal officer and interviewing and interfering fewing with a fine crew i wonder when this happened you think it was about like dawn sunday complaint alleges sunday was intimidating passengers on the flight yesterday and refusing will allow them in a rather rest room when an air marshal tried to come her down she led to the became more belligent threatened to kill him she was arrested after she allegedly hidden tried to choke the air marshal always have an idea the air marshal says the woman later kick him in the groin when the flight arrived in the twincity she allegedly tried to bite an airport off the police officer and had to be tackled all right what a pimp probably pissed off about the musklers no doubt guy and is more there's more but thank god we got that orange alert you know i i see that time ridge up there and it just makes me feel so much more secure standing there like a wood and soldier a florida man who brought a box of a cutter aboard a plane leaving sky harbour in an national airport on sunday is that dawn sunday said he used the tool uses tool a carabma gazing articles that was permissible to have it on board all you know about his he been pina joseph in florida pina joseph martin fifty seven was a squad of all the planes someday after past your son pull a box cutter from his carry on luggage and place it in the seat pocket in front of McCordin when affidavit filed in the u.s. district court in penis there was on a he was charged monday with carrying a dangerous weapon on the aircraft officials with the t.a.a.a. said they're still trying to determine why the five inch long box cutter with a three inch blade wasn't detected by airport screening equipment can i tell you why probably wasn't detected by airport screening equipment tell you i want to make anybody feel dangerous or anything like that yeah but the fact that matter is when we went through uh... customs in amsterdam coming back here they weren't even looking when they weren't looking when we walk through the uh... the uh... the uh... the uh... metal detector right they weren't looking at where payin no attention and number two when the luggage went through the thing they were at talking about something they were paying less than a attention so if you want to go to amsterdam uh... blow up that place have a good time because they're not paying any attention at skipple believe you may same kind of lacks crap you hold up your passport okay uh... you know i'll still be don't kivale there's my towards in the dust by the way don't go to amsterdam in December ever and fact probably no effort go there period it's just it's so it's a great idea it's a great concept that's just gone awry and what i mean did just been pushed too far it's wonderful that all these freedoms but when you let too many scumbags loose on the streets and you just have basic anarchy and slimy distance uh... it's a sucks so i guess you won't be using the alzapartment no the time to say anyway in fact martin said getting back to this interview with a police martin admitted packing the box got a one is carry on luggage but city was nowhere was prohibited on the aircraft he must be a rocket scientist he also said he didn't see the science at sky harbour that said the item was prohibited in fact he said that before traveling the phoenix from florida for the christmas holiday he heard a radio interview with security minister from representative stating that box cutters were no longer a prohibited item aboard the aircraft martin said he relied on that information when bringing the box cut around the north west you're north west you're having a lot of problems you know what yeah and guess what they're partnering p l m o and i just mentioned another good reason to go to amsterdam could be going on northwest slash k l m five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen ten for rising world is lying let's see how is this pulled began in any moment of here got a hundred and fifteen votes not too good pretty slow what do you think was the biggest celebrity story of two thousand three did we get the uh... ben and j-law it's on there Arnold agro operator elected governor of california 33 are you haven't seen at j-line no i did not it would make you very upset i'm serious it was it was so unacceptable of a so inappropriate it's just i just i still can't get over it i'm taking part for the course how much more to go to the degree rars libog ruggaddiction thirty one rars has got one about thirty men michael jax there was twenty five and it is you think there's anybody who really believes that crap with those uh... phoenix up on his arm there yes i think there are a lot of people show him coming out of the guide day back to the after the uh... he was booked and he's way of another crowd he's given a v-for victory shining doing a whole thing with his arms around so you didn't all of the you didn't have sixty minutes piece with uh... with that grab he was doing that for his fans even though he was in severe pain right and then he just happened to be going to vagus and doing the same thing and reaching out and grabbing everybody's hand and shaking her hands and all of a sudden crap out the window right but he was in terrible pain i say fry his little ass right now so second day did you the audio that they were playing the sure oh yeah sure over comfortable on mr. jax and oh yes wonderful wonderful and seriously stop and think about what kind of a forty five year old man out here what kind of a freak or creepiest what kind of a man talks like that you know i'm saying it's one thing if it's stick of it's a put-up and he was really talking like that and then he was like whistling like remas you know maybe at his possible remover so that he could uh... you know keep it he's as criter and then of course first they're saying that the whole thing about the nation of Islam was a lie and then it turns out well they're going to just to be there to give him protection and not the families as they want to get rid of them because they're too uh... nobody can get near him and see him oh brother anyway ours got thirty six biggest celebrity story of the year varsity boss drug addiction thirty two Michael Jackson arrested twenty six koby brand rape case sixteen maybe she didn't like that koby beef think that could have been a cheating like his meat marpistured insider trading five what's his name roi horn mulled by tiger three parasolton sex tape two mordana britney's tv kissapir rosy and a bad ben-low uh... jaylo but whatever their name is think out any of that i'm hundred twenty two that's disrespectful poor rosy can't get no respect they hate your rosy okay they just don't want to hear about you again and your bulldoche girlfriend all of those seven or eighty five kids five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and two one thirty ten two years of medical custody is a matter of fact they got Mike walkers rugby the new court position a shirt and brought is claim of police brutality bogus says mike all right my cousin can't get we believe it my myself myself the that my mother ok reallyRel Snake cell y In 1984, Bob killed off at a dream, to raise money for famine's trick in Africa. Soon, he got a pile of eagomaniacal musicians, he cared about something other than themselves for 10 minutes. And they created a nauseating ballot that got played so many times we all practically hammered. They were banned. I remember saying to Mr. Guildoff, Bob, I see what you are trying to do, but why such an insipid, pussy little song? Simbab was president, Bob or Bugade. I mean, there won't be snow in Africa this Christmas time, duh. And then that idiot, Bob, I was saying, tonight thank God, it's them instead of you. Thanks, Bob, no, see if I ever give you a bag of green. Clearly, Africa could think of better ways to be helped than by a bunch of losers with that hair. But for the stars, the recording session truly was about love, and helping the world's unfortunate. Hey, can one of you wankers from Span's Al-Ballag, get me another heavy on water? How f*** is Simon LeBorn? Why don't you ask the f*** you're in next? Yeah, are you? Okay. That's all for bloody human leak, was in charge of the heavy in water. Okay! So I was working as a waitress in the cocktail bar. That much is true! Tonight, you'll also see shocking footage of what happened when George Michael, Boyd George, and Frankie goes to Hollywood all went to the men's room together. Man, they're trying to make it about charity, but hey, they're f***ing stock stars. It's a big juicy, sobbing wet-look at show business. Tonight, uninside the bottle. Hey, man, few of them all, it's 11.03 or 5.60. W w t q m happy new year too, whether you like it or not. See, one thing about South Dakota tonight, uninside the bottle. What the hell is that? What are you doing in your studio? They have? I can't believe they'll never have them before. Wait, mum all of please. Where's that? Repeat thing. Behind the true Hollywood celebrity music box. That's a different one. There's two of those on the disc. This is Elmo and he's not that I wanted to play it, but it's Elmo and the Panty. There's a little preview for it. Anyway, 11.03 and 5.60 W q m, I think we're out of business. I think Miss Fudge has got a good point. By the way, Miss Fudge, you can put it away now for a couple of months later. No. 137 votes on a poll. It's been on here for like, well, about 40 minutes. Pretty weak, George. Sorry, D-week. No, I think that it's our fault. Both of us were getting in for well-can. And we were not being too unpolitical enough. Well, it's been going to be in political enough. Let me just suggest this to you. I thought that when we captured Saddam, remember that? Right. So now we were so much safer because there was that terrorist threat. And now we had Saddam. And the world was so much safer. Have it as horrible. Dictator does butcher. They used to be our buddy. Right. Then all of a sudden, just days after we're being at the orange alert. And I'm seeing on the news now, is that several air France flights coming into the US airspace coming to the US are getting F-16 escorts or is over troops are home. Nobody's dying over there. And another Denmark and so are Jere. A chopper was shot down by by insurgents posing as journalists near Fuluga. So they have at least one more dead soldier today. Every day we got people dying every single day. But I don't want to get too political because, you know, like we said, it's preaching to the choir. There's time to face it. The idea that you can look at El Presidente. And there was a discussion panel on BBC and into the air discussion about the news and about the events of the air. And they referred to George W. Bush as a mental defective mental defective. And I said to myself, I must be watching the BBC, eh? There'd be a little milder today. Can you even imagine anybody saying that on American TV? Called a person named mental defective just because it's true. Right. But anyway, we got 142 votes on here. It's pretty weak. That means the audience has gone right up business, okay? Which is perfect for this law that they were having to go out of business. Say, I like going screw in. You slut, you bitch you whore. Fugue. What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003? The group in A to relate to Governor of California, 43. Getting that great introduction from J. Olino. Rush Limbaugh's brotherhood in 35. Michael Jackson arrested has got... Kobe Bryant, right case only 16. So I guess it's a three-way battle. Martha Stewart inside her trading six-way hornmulled by Tiger IV. Parasoulton 6th State Scott III. Then in J. Low wedding, it's in quotes wedding, three. Madonna and Brittany TV kiss two and Rosie O'Donnell lawsuit. None. I like that. I like that. I like that. Don't vote for Rosie, okay? Don't break the spell. It's like, I'm not sure if I like the audience is sending that bitch a message. We don't want to hear about you no more Rosie. We can't stand you enough of you already. Just go away. WDQA. Happy New Year. Yes sir. What about the article from the commission of the highly-applesalt just in that thought Christian rank? What about it? About that, your poll. That was a celebrity news story? Oh. I thought that was a South-Day, anyway, not... 5607-0560. We're still waiting for that one by the way. It's coming. City links run in a big special honor after they've read about for real with bankhow. We should begin, of course, we won't begin because all those people are gone. They hate us like poison now. All those people have turned us off and are turning against us because for well, got to self-can. I think we need to hear from them. Don't you? Okay. But they're gone. Well, even if they're gone, they'll come back for a little while just long enough to call. You know how that goes. Like people would call to say they aren't listening anyway, but they'll call it in the bit you're asked out. Because it's a South-Foot if you've been way told you you shouldn't have fired him. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. The more I think about it, the more it really frost my ass because I begged him on the year off the year. I did everything I pleaded you. This is a man you cannot talk to. You can't have a rational conversation. It just goes on the whole time. They think it's sticky. I think it's a radio thing. It just never ends. And he'll walk out, talking as he's going down the hall, finishing the conversation. You know, just whatever you said you're wrong and he's right. And it's like that. And it's it. You cannot penetrate that skull. By the way, how's Scott Junior doing? Fine. He did all those bad hits. Help us raise a lot of money. Scott. You missed out when you were in vacation. I heard all kinds of these bad hits for us. But you kept in and stuff lost all the time. Yeah, we sent a compass, a road map, and a search party, and he still couldn't find it. WDQAM happy new year. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been thinking about you. You've been out of town. Have it, yeah. Yes. I want I got a movie for you. Okay. It's called Land Tana. Did you ever heard of it? Land Tana? Land Tana, just like the city up in Palm Beach County. I'll be damned. What's it about? It's got a little bit of everything in it. The hard for me to explain to you when it's about, but I think you'd like it. It's similar to Magnolia on a little bit different scale. Who I love that? Yeah, I think you ought to try to find that. I think it's about less than 10 years old son of a movie. Anybody in it that we know? Uh, I don't think so. That's good. Oh, wait a minute. It's a movie from Australia. I'll tell you that. Everybody's Australian in it. Well, nothing's perfect. Go count. Keep my eye peeled for our excellent career. You too. Land Tana, have you ever seen it? No. I've been there though. Yeah. You don't want to go there. No. I've ever jages a hundred plus ten. Oh, and finally Florida comes into the out of the dark ages into the, uh, almost enlightenment. What does that thing about drivers over 80 when they get through our license? We knew it would have been a vision test. Yes. So it's separate meals mother. Oh, that's what we need. It's mother. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marital Slime. Let's see. By about 1120, if we don't have 200 votes on here, that's going to be a real message. You know what? Because that'll be about an hour. Since we had the poll on here, we got 157. I we're never going to get a 200 by 1120. Are we? Yes. Yes. We will. Yeah. I don't think so. That's only 11 minutes away. That would be like nine. Let's see. 11 times is 43 like about four votes a minute. I don't think it's going to happen. So that's the bad news. We're starting off the new year. We wanted to listen more in 2004 to QA. But I think it's going to happen yet. I think when we get the billboards up there, I'm going to get Greg Reid running around with that sandwich board. I'm looking at road mall and then my me late. I think that's going to do it. When we get for a while back. I just sit back and I watch and I don't know whether to laugh or cry and watch the way that Greg Reid continues Dick in this radio station. And you'll notice it's always everybody else who has to take the fall. You know what I'm saying? I was thinking about that yesterday. Every this one's getting suspended. This one's getting canned. This one's getting their feet held of the fire. But because of the fact he's part-owner the station there, they just let him get away with bloody murder there. And keep butchering us up. Even if people would I God they mad cow crap out there. They never saw a butcher going on like this. Like he's done to us. Thanks a lot, Greg. That's one of my new year's resolutions. Okay. Is to get a great Reid voodoo doll and stick it in a lot. You think he's a metro social? It is where nice suits. But he has crappy haircut. He always looks like he just crawled out of the sack. In fact, probably usually because he did. Metro sexual, that's one of the words that they say they want to Schmidt-Kannus year. Good. Did you see the list of words? No. I got it. I got some heavy duty crap. But I want to get in thousands of thousands of calls because I feel like alienated from South Florida. You know, I'll be out of here in a way for all these days. I want to bask in the warmth of the glow of the friendly, you know, right? The love. You love. Yeah. Can't you feel the love? Can't you feel it? You don't want to squeeze it. WDQAM happy new year. Stop reading it for. Okay. He's still with us. Thank God. No, I see. Now I feel a little bit better. He's still with us. WDQAM happy new year. Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Happy new year. I'm seeing. Two things while you're gone, which are, which are proves your theory. First one. First one is that every 15 minutes every segment, some holy, uh, with core, one of the sponsors and ask if Miss Fudge Rodriguez cut a bad deal, like not sign with the Marlin. I mean, it's unbelievable. Yeah. And they're all running around standing. We didn't take all of them or going. Not turning man. Not turning man. Every 15 minutes, somebody would have the same question. Like, like, I didn't let that many thing. Like, I mean, like, the guy's got $50 million in the bank. And I'll put, uh, I pretty say, poor Fudge. Right. It's unreal. I'm more worried about Miss Fudge. And then the other thing is to be Toronto, um, Panthers came the other night. Uh, obviously, you didn't have to. Four, four, five. Yeah. The four, four, five. Now we were subjected to Rimmer and Poth stand down here. Yeah. And the obvious is one of the best games of the year. It was just up and down as a great game. But these guys, it's been a hit a sell off for that game. And the rumor I'm hearing is that most of the people are relief fans, but they're going to be a good one. Well, he's been in. We're going to come saying it's almost capacity. Not sell out. He said almost. We got an almost capacity crowd. Yeah. But these guys, instead of announcing the game, they talk about stories, every period for 15 minutes. I hate that. It's ridiculous. If you can't watch the game with these guys, it's, it's, it's, it's, they don't even announce what's going on. They just follow out in the name. They're, they're, they're all the same. Oh, there's a shot. I mean, you know, I don't, what do you do? I mean, I'm just sliding it in around into the near corner, but I'm not out there quickly by Morrison. He can't get it three. Oh, here's Tucker along the boards with Nolan getting it in for him. You listen to Joe Bowen doing the game for the Leafs. That's what you do. Yeah, well, you can't. You don't get it down here. What do you do? You're, you're a, come to the final. Come to the right. I'm watching the game in an hour right now on Leafs TV. I'm still with that back. See what I'm saying? I think you got to announce the game yourself. Okay. I'm going to, I think I think I'm going to take Jigs Jadness here. Might as well have something to do. No, no, just saying like, everybody just, just turn the sound down on it and just then out to yourself. It makes it all out better. Okay. Thanks, Neil. And have a great new year. You're happy to hear. Okay, Leafs are going to be a little bit of a funk now. We don't want to talk to much hockey because they would be sports, but of course, it's figured they had that 17 games three. What was it? How many points George? Oh, I don't know about that. 33 out of 34 points. Something like that that fantastic streak in a day. I have to lose a couple of your now. And of course, people are starting to panic and get nervous again. Just the way it goes, eh? Let's see, you think we're going to get those 200 votes in an hour. It's still going to be pretty weak. We got six minutes and 27 votes to go. I don't think it's going to happen. It'll be got 173. We're counting on you. My life and law is not to be a sports video. My 60's. You're way away. Yeah. Our David's a bitch. You asshole? Even though the exploit for record producer, who's your real specter, it's said nothing but me. Heightful things for the past 29 years. The former run that has apparently changed her tune. Ooh, child. I mean, to tell you, this is a good man. Even though Phil kept me locked up in the basement and fed me nothing but rice and sour still. If I got ma'am, even though he beat me when I feel in in in in in in in in in in my life, when his chump tailer came with hot hot corn hot corn from sneakers. That's a good man. I don't believe he killed anybody. He's not way the purpose. By the way, I'll be his character to link Tahoe web movie on New Year's Day in a Love it from FreeSylSide. Obviously, in B-M-A, B-My Baby, B-My Little Baby. Ooh child. I still got the pipes. It's a charity show to benefit me. And of course, this was for the children. There's a pretty good chance my friend, any money, may swing by the L-T-R-I to take me home tonight. Ooh, I've scared myself with my mama's voice. Anyways, these charges against my ex-husband is flowing. Home, home, foe. Sure he tried to kill us me once, but not by his own self. He hired a kill man. That's totally different. We had a disengrement about me one that he picks his six instead of sour skittles down in the basement, and he threw off the hammer and hired a kill man. I was bruised, but not died. Incontusions, let me say this. Fail spectrum of innocent my hand until I'm not proven into thin by a jury of 12 people who don't like his two pay. I blame Palmer Cutney for this incident for putting out the Niggit album and taking all the hard work by my ex-scale, leaving it off the weather down on the floor. That's Kaka, that's Kupu, and it drove him to the killin that he didn't do. I'ma go back to my home. Ronnie Spectre's opinion is not necessarily reflect those of any right-thinking person medication during the interview. Provided by Bristol Myer's web. Don't let me forget to stop that manually because it's going to go to the next cut. Stop it now. Oh, we didn't do it. I guess I'll fix it. Okay, I love the 19 at 5. 60. Every QM, we got a minute to go. We're not going to do 17 votes in a minute on that pool. We've lost it, man. We're done. The party's over, baby. Miss Fudge is right. He's got his thumb right on it. Oh, no, won't. It won't. Refresh. Okay. Maybe it's a little, huh? I'm over loading it up, obviously. No, 185. And it's 1120. Still short. Still short. 185. What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003? Arnold, a group of Native, a regular governor of California, 57. Rush Limbaugh, drug addiction, 47. Michael Jackson, arrested the 35. Well, you talk about Spin, you know who really makes me want to just scream. Who makes you want to just scream? One of the creepiest and the most slimy people I've ever seen in my life is that Mark Gary, let's say I was just a slime ball. He doesn't need to look like the cheesy slimy attorney that you'd find like in about $500 a month, the room closet office. Right, the utility room office. Right. Michael Jackson, arrested only 35. Kobe Bryant, rape case 23, Martha Stewart insider trading seven, Roya Horn, Mal by Tiger. Roy. Four. Periscillus X-Taylor, Madonna, Brittany TV, kids four, Ben and J. Low, Wedding three, and Rosio Donald lawsuit. Somebody in, you know, I said don't do it so they did somebody voted for us. Got one. Shame on you. Out of 185 votes, can you believe we could even come out close to 200? In an hour? Embarrassing. That is our believable George. 1951, we're just nine shi. 560, if you just wouldn't have gotten for well-can. I don't. You would all your drug-induced assholes around there. Pound five, 60, all the AT&T. More specific. And Verizon, why? No, I'm not going to be more specific. He always was. That was part of his problem. WDQM, happy new year. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. What happened to Jordan Moxie when double-commoned in the morgue? I think they left town. They left town? Mark had a divorce and I think he and Joe are loaked. They thought? There's still on. We become all. I have a letter. I haven't heard of it. Two to five in a morning. Monday to Friday. They're going to be on vacation. Oh, they been. Oh, I see. They've been on vacation. Well, let's tomorrow screw it off for the holidays. W back on Sunday. Oh, my morning. Sunday night Monday morning. I think I'm having an AM. All right. Turn it off at five. Whatever you do though. Okay. Five six seven. Five six. What? What? Well, he pulled that crap with us. I think I think turn around his hair. Okay. Maybe that's what happened. There's no a Peter Marshall always used to say on a Hollywood Square. Turn him out his spare play. Something like that. I don't know why he said that, but that's what he used to say. Four Peter Marshall. Now, but he's about 100 years old now. Don't you hate it when they bring back those people that you haven't seen in 30, 40 years? Yeah. And then you see them and say, Oh, my God. They look old. Nice beef. I'm a little bit older. Like when I saw Martin Landau last night, I would Larry King on a James Dean thing. Go on. Let me forget on Monday. That'll be a great pull to take, which, which performer of all, we never did this pull. I'm sure of it. Which performer of all time is the most overrated. I'm voting for James Dean. Okay. Well, that's not a Ken vote for James Dean because Frank Sinatra there. Can you imagine the list? It'll be a list. It'll be a gigantic list. We can build it. We can squeeze it. We can pile it on. But James Dean. I mean, he was okay. I don't think that there was anything great about giant. In fact, Liz Taylor said she saw it. It wasn't so giant after all. Return back to Eden or east of Eden up your Eden. We're busy Eden. And all together one, rebel without a car. That was history movies. That was it. I don't want you live TV there on Cal Coa Theatre or what a studio one, whatever those live shows used to be. I mean, he was okay. But they carry on about him. If anybody in this audience saw it last night, the panel they had on just emoting about how the rock and roll was a result of James Dean. Elvis Presley came along and recorded heartbreak hotel in February of 56. The only problem with that being is that heartbreak hotel was not Elvis Presley's first hit. How do you like that? For some records was making all him and he'll be stuffed with Elvis before anybody ever heard about me. They heard of James Dean. But what does that have to do with a price of penis? It's just amazing how after certain people die. And they pointed out that he is still while they leading dead money makers in the world. James Dean T-shirts and posters and all the other crap. Just pouring in the cash. Even though they put shows in there like that, maybe Larry's getting the car of that or something like that. Probably. Did we make the 200 votes yet? Oh, 202. So we're like four minutes late. Four minutes late George. Mark it down. Jackson Brothers claim of police brutality bogus rights Mike Walker and the inquire of this week. He says, Germaine Jackson shut up. Despite your bizarre claim that Santa Barbara cops you label racist red and X roughed up brother Michael. Nobody laid a glove on the glove one. My inside sources insist. And guess what, Mike? You are. That's the real thing to record. Remember on the only journalist who's reported details of the booking procedure, Michael describing his eye color as chocolate for example. And my sources sneer it your charge that he was very much mistreated physically. In fact, they say Michael was so grateful for respectful treatment he had in the system to deliver autograph photos of himself, complete with holiday greetings to the booking officers, which annoyed his lawyer Noenda here. That's slimy, a Margargos. My sources also say Michael can't stand you, Germaine, and really speaks to you. You disdemears to go with your notorious song, word to the bed, sniping at Bro's plastic surgery and weirdness you wore bold. Once you were made you changed your shade, was your color wrong? Could not turn back it's the known fact you were too far gone. Well, I like that, don't you? I like it, really again. Once you were made you changed your shade, was your color wrong? Could not turn back it's the known fact you were too far gone. At the time, Germaine, you called it an attempt to heal our relationship. Art today's outrageous lies, your latest pathetic stab and healing. Errr, Germaine. And is it your main to the case? I was going like Walker. I love the inquire, man. And to me, if I had only one publication to read, to find out what was going on and and work other than political stuff, right? Because we don't want to do no political stuff, because it's just like you said, is that what you said, preaching to the choir? Well, put all the political stuff you'll ever need to read on our website for people that Ike you larger than it thumbnail. Other than that, we just want to have a good time here on this show. That's all we're going back to basics. We're scrapping all of that crap. We're scrapping a crap, right? Right. Going back to basics, like the inquiring, give some good meaty juicy stuff. That's what the public wants. They don't want all these high,falutin stories about Neil Bush all the way to have one. Okay. Well, back to us off one of your bedtime stories. George may have done a mediocre show while I was on vacation, but he's sure did a great job at us bedtime stories, which is a lot more important. Guess what city is the Emerger Capital of the US now? I give up. In 2003 with 599 homocides. Guess what city it is? My name? It's not my emmy. No? Washington D.C. No. New York. No. LA. Login about. Come on, keep going. Seattle. Let me give you a clue. For us working here now? Chicago. 599 homocides. 599 homocides. 599 homocides. Here we are. Here we are. I do you best dude. Merry congrats. And a merry congrats. Who only listening to the message from the Uber ride? We'll have their tables hog flying. As the troops come home dead, they find the comfort of the night. I'm under the bed. I never served in the army. I'm too afraid to fight. So I sit right here near the TV far from the liberal. I wonder their covers you'll discover. I'm a big fish. They would prefer to have some other do the fighting for play. Now this country I love is hockey pine. I rack and all the suckers like me. Whose nicks are bred in the pack. Have our tongues all placed firmly. It mooses big brown eye. The big mouth cowards of the world who gladly follow the blind. Hey, Uncle Sam up to a parade. In fact, or in less, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist. And my flag will fly from the back of my truck. I can't any altitude, okay, free, I'd have to f**k. And my view of the cold platform is what I see on top of news. Yeah, I'm an armed carer warrior. You know it's better than you. I'm an in-bred jerk who parrots anything they say. Don't have to read or research it's so much easier this way to watch TV or look at pictures. In USA today with my finger up I have. And I tickle my brain. And I go shout if you are afraid. If I don't release the Duke and count on me to watch TV and shake my fist. And I go remind the fly. So I can pull off my hood. To proudly show the swath of good tattooed on my nuts. The Saudis are our best friends in the world. I've those Iraqis or Jews. Yeah, I'm an armed carer warrior. You know it's better than you. Good. Good. Good. Good. Soundable like Joe Rosen W got together there, don't it? 1132 is picking up on your pud. Guess how many times Miss Fudge came during that first hour and a half of the show today. Keep a well on it man. Keep well on that thing, baby. It'll hear love someday. 216 votes man. That's really sad. We got a lot of work to do in the new year. We got to do a lot more in 2004. More what? Crap. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Have any women call him to say a happy new year yet? No. Did we have one? We had that one lady when it's suggested for the poll. She was okay. She sounded like a whooly yet to me. But other than that, no women. WQM happy new year. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning. Good morning sir. Top of the morning to you. No more in 2004. I like it. Yeah. All right. No more in 2004. Sounds good to me. Got a nice ring to it. I'm going to say that to your main Jackson. They can put it to music. 560560. They can. If I have to see more cows falling down. I just can't take it. No more man. On a continuous loop. I can't get the image on my head. I don't want to keep seeing cows. Poor cows. The Zsick week cows. Fallen down. And then heard about the downer cows. I mean, how how dare you prevent us from selling those downer cows. And you know, showing that in your post. It's a downer to watch it. Jesus Christ. I mean, just talk about neuronic repetition. Seriously, I think everybody would just drop their TV said never going to happen. I don't want to be first. I'm not going to bother you. I mean, I just throw it out. Throw that dancing out the window. The world will be so much better of a place. I mean, you know, the choices you got like an Amsterdam. You've got like a CNN. Nobody wants to see that BBC, which after the first couple of hours gets a little on a dry side. It's like a halava. Little too dry. And then you can turn out like the National Geographic and watching animals eating other animals. And then that's about it. And a bunch of stuff in Dutch that nobody understands. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and for why is the wireless line. Don't forget Michael Jackson on CBS tonight. Missed it if you can. It's just it's so scandalous. It's so freaking outrageous. And nobody cares. That's the thing that somebody called, I think was the show before. I went on vacation. The last Friday. And the guy said to me, he said, well, I love your show. But you always sound very angry. You always sound angry. And I said, I'm not angry. But I take that back. You're right, pal. I'm angry. I'm pissed off. To change the vent. That's what this shows all about. Anyway, it's a chance to vent. Like that. You know, give it back to where we're getting. Right. But it's just so frustrating is how I don't think the word is anger. It's frustration that there are so many stupid ass people out there. And the media is so god they were responsible. And they'll do whatever it hell. He wants just to make a buck. I'm like, I said, QM, this showed it was a public service. By the way, because you have an honest, I'll trade all the time. I'm going to screw in. She's really on top of it. And she ever gets off. She might get some work done. Her book, by the way, is put, she put, what's his name to shame? Bill Riley and the Hillary all of them. Ed L. Freyken. Now Frank can put them all to shame more. One of the stink in one of the pink. He's just kicking ass is what I'm hearing. How about a QM happy new year? Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I have a question for you. And then I have a comment. Okay, you're ready. All right. Question is, do you believe that Al Qaeda still presents a threat to the US and will continue to try in the saccissive again? Of course. Okay. All right. Second question. All right. This is my comment. Then I have one more. Yes sir. All right. The second one is, do you as an American citizen when you feel more secure? Would President Bush or would a Democratic president regarding the security of the United States? Democratic president. Why would you? Why? Because the Democratic president wouldn't be carrying out this policy of preemptive wars and getting the rest of the world ahead of us. That's the main reason why. Yeah. But these guys are ready, Hector. So we can't stop that. Well, let me ask you this. I don't want to get dragged into this thing about Al Qaeda. But what did Iraq? What did attacking Iraq and capturing Saddam Hussein? If that like I said before, if that made us safer, how come we're under orange alert? Did everybody's crepating their pants? Well, here's what I think about Iraq. The real reason we wanted there, Neil? Yeah. I think it was. I think it was. I think it was. No. I think the real reason we wanted there was. It was. We went into the heart of the air. We're all the same. You are not going to destroy our way of life. Time, time, freedom. Oh, the party men's in asshole, man. I don't want to hear about time, freedom. I haven't nice day. Okay. Conference and idiots. They're going to hate us. They went there for let's kill them all. Yeah. Let's get even with the Arab world. So in other words, if somebody comes and shoots your whole family, God forbid and blows their brains up, let's just go get even with somebody. So let's go out and street the blow about your people. I look like them away. Okay. But these people look very much like the ones that came to my house and blew my family away. So let's just go shoot them. What kind of ironic thinking is that? Tom Friedman's an idiot. God Almighty, I wouldn't read a Tom Friedman article on or off the air if you paid me a $50 a word. No chance. Maybe 100. Oh, there's candy, Crowley, man. If she gets any God in federal, I have a bit of just going to have to get a wide screen. Can you believe her? Oh, and there's jewelry, women. I can't pay any wood college football fans. And there's sports bars where fans gather to watch the show. Well, let's get them on QA. And after all, we got a sports bar with a microphone. Let's get the jewelry, women on there. We got a lot of Jews already. This with police officers and first responders. Wesley Clark, boys, pretty sad. You hit it right on the head before to show where we were discussing Howard Dean. Howard Dean is getting attacked by all the other democratic candidates because he's got the guts, the balls to rip Bush and ask that he deserves. Okay. And most of these other candidates, including one I got on CNN right now, this Dick Givhardt, this Dick, but her pansies man, but her cowards, which is why all these people are dying every single day for no reason at all. They start to pile pack a lies. So they can knock Howard Dean only one. He's got more balls in one testicle. He's got more of a co-honest than these guys who ever have the whole bottom put together. Except Al Sharpen, we know about him. I'm going to shame that Al Sharpen's such an asshole. Because he's good. He's a good talker. Right. He talks to you with a game and then of course that he realized it's him. What is well, he Nelson doing his new anti-awarsong. We'll give the first. And he could send it's benefit. There's another guy we liked. Dennis Cassinant. She's just got a bad hairpiece. 225 votes. Like I said, this is sad George. This is a bad old man man. This is weak. I come back here full of piss and vinegar. Ready to kick some ass. And this is like holy crap. What are we doing here? Do we have any audience left at all? Is there anybody alive in that town? Oh, see, what is this story today? And I realize, I don't know what the idea is. It definitely doesn't feel like Friday. Okay. Right. I was sunny in 46 today and sunny in 52 tomorrow. It's Ronald. That's good. That's just for a podcast, you know what? Oh, I'm speaking to take him up the ass. They took a big hit and that November trend too. What does that tell you? I don't know. And that's because your people don't listen to Paul and Ron. No, they don't. They listen to you. They just think I put that down here. I'm telling you. Let's see. Tom says, did you know that director of Fox TV's new department is Bush's cousin? Yes, I did. He was the one that put it on the ear. The second clock at a morning that the Bush won the election on 2000. Yes. And we also know about Neil Bush, which we got that story, which I might get to or not, as the case may be. Neil Bush's foreign business deals draw the spotlight role of president's brother in transactions detailed and documents tied to divorce. Err nearly $1.4 million in 2000 nearly half of it came from simply introducing the executives of a Thailand based on glamour to the executives of the US company that makes computer components, even though it doesn't know nothing about it. Well, what did I say before you were on vacation, I'll say it again. I'll say it every guy named the the crookedest family in the history of the US. Forget about the rock of feathers. Forget about the Kennedy's. Forget about anybody else. The Bush family is the biggest butcher. Crooks that ever came down the pike. Okay. And this guy can give me a solid answer about how he feels a lot safer from al Qaeda. How come we're not if we did such a great job on al Qaeda? How come everybody like I said to him is crap in their pants now. And we're about getting on an airplane and we're about what didn't go to a foot ball game or not. Oh, they're all the same. You know, all the other. Because we wasted over $100 million with a mindless war with a preemptive so-called preemptive war and attacking against the wreck, which had nothing to do with the price of peanuts or anything else. But you know, we had to get even with Sodom. That was a little part of it there because he threatened daddy's life. That was a little teeny part of it. Plus OIL and M.O. anyone. Is that something now that the war must start to turn a little bit. Then Haliburton lost some of those contracts because even a Pentagon said, well, this is a very good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. But if you want to 38, what we're going for quality, though, we're getting upon the votes on our website. That's right. On our pool. I mean, we can get, you know, 1500 votes a day like we usually do. But who now wants that? Because there'll be a 500 crappy votes. We want the quality votes on a website. It was like, oh, get a one share of an A next and then when a book comes out, by the way, January 16th, 1 o'clock market down. That's when the fall book comes out. That's where we're going to be. And Beast had one good line. He said, we're going to call him. I'm going to show it. He said, we're going to be a fall book. Because we're going to take a big hit. And you know something this much to protect still coming in. They still carry it back. And you're still sitting. See, Matt Fudge is one thing. You know what? He is besides an asshole in the self-hitting fact. David Brock would know balls. We're supposed to be a 5c. You a M. You mean, they see that we're lagging in the pool. They promote a headline that will be you by the pool. I have to say, and say, is the one. He gets mad at me. I only want to take the rest. Don't forget how to sing, God. We got it. That will help you and say, You got it. You won't have this song. You got it. Please don't let me go. You're singing on a level with their God. You're too good. Can't get any good, but a little home, Can't get any good, but a little home, can't get any good. You believe what they say. And they chant like the God. I'm looking for the lawful. That they you can make. Let's do your steps. You're the one with true. All the election ball. We got it. Who she's got it. We got it. Get them on your knees. You got it. You're a joke. I can't get any good. 1146 14 till noon. We got Clarence. Clarence? Curtis? What are his name is? Curtis? How come I'm here in this echo today? Is there any special reason for that? I don't know. I like it though. Sounds like WAVC a little bit without the audience. Blakes wife. You're in love this story. I saved this just for you. Blakes wife branded as cocaine smuggler. All right. Well, you want to see the picture for any choir page eight in this week's in choir. The January 6th issue. Yeah. Man, what I'll put him on her. She looks as nasty and sir. She looks a little bit like Glenn Campbell and that you live photo. Yeah. Actually, she looks a lot like Glenn Campbell and a little bit he looked better. A new development is emerged in the Robert Blake murder case. His defense team will claim that the actors slain white finally, Bakely, was a cocaine smuggler and drug dealer. How do you like that? Wouldn't doubt it. She was a blackmailer. The fucking bitch. Exactly. Blakes determined attorney Thomas Messero Jr. will try to show that this woman was not just a stupid lonely heart scam artist, but also a narcotics dealer and that what could have brought her about that. That's what could have brought about her demise. The source post the defense reveal. It's always a drug dealer. You know, like with O.J. and the, the, the, and the, what's her name? Nicole. And right. The portal may be made that she could have been killed in a hit because of the risky business she was in. Messero, well, I'm going to do seven. It's a very, very trial to show that she was a cocaine dealer. Right up to the point of her death. Emoashi was living on Blakes property. I didn't put the blank thing on the list here because that was wasn't that from the previous year. I don't even remember. Tom, the tape is it. But it would have been on here if it was a lie. I think it was a 2002 deal. Messero will introduce evidence that to show she was a cocaine dealer. Right up to the point of her death. Emoashi was living on Blakes property. Surprise, what this is, are going to be called. We'll say she went to Florida. Drugs in Florida can't believe that. South American, the Caribbean, on illegal business. The witnesses will give evidence. She smuggled cocaine in the West. Distributed and sold it. The defense will call witnesses to show she made these international flights. Why she made them? And the false names she used to do are deals. And it's doubly important because the prosecute is planning to say that Blake at one point wanted to plan drugs and Bonnie. So she'd be arrested and out of his hair. But the defense will try to show he didn't need to do that because she was a drug to hear herself. Bonnie was once arrested and connection with drugs back in 2001. During an early investigation into her death by the inquire, Bonnie's ex husband Paul Goran said in an exclusive interview, I do know that when she was arrested holding drugs. She told the police, she was holding them for a celebrity that was juryly Lewis. And his six-year-old bride. Bonnie's drug connection was briefly mentioned at Blakes preliminary court hearing under Cross Examination in Detective in the case acknowledged that police did not investigate Bonnie's alleged drug dealers. Detective Brian Tindall was cross-examined about his testimony regarding what Blake allegedly said it was former personal assistant about his wife's shady associations. His wife's shady ass associations. According to Detective Tindall Blakes, ex assistant Cody Blackwell told him that Blake had described her as the scum of the earth and she associated with bikers, drug dealers, and tattoo people. Oh my god, who people now we know. There's nothing I can't stand less. Morris. More, less. Man. As much like those jack-off parties at the stable master on the Rude Vaseline and Amsterdam and all those bikers. Man. All those tattoo people. Oh, fat. Also, the preliminary over here at the hearing, Tindall reported the testified that Bonnie's son Glenn Gauron allegedly found drugs and Bonnie's car in Tennessee. The inquiries learned that Blake's defense has listed 745 witnesses who could potentially be called a detrial. 745. Wow. Among the names that are some celebrity pals of Blake will be called as character witnesses, including Anthony Hopkins. Guy's Docgy Casey, Kaseum and his wife Jean, old-time actors, Jean Symmons, and veteran comic, Mortsaw. Was he still alive? Oh, there's a website. But better alive who's dead and who's not. Yeah. I forgot what it is. Do you remember buddy Hackett Dian? Yeah. I don't remember that. Sure. I remember. Look at somewhere here I clipped out a thing from the incredible story. I guess from the tablet. But all the people, the famous people that died in 2003. June buddy Hackett died. He was fat. The prosecutor's introduced its witness list of 154 names during a hearing held December 5th among the names, on the list obtained by the inquiries Norma Bass, mother of Bodurik, and widow of Bobby Bass, who the hell's Bobby Bass? I don't know. While the inquiries were reported that Bobby, who was a stuntman, was among several Hollywood stuntmen Blake allegedly approached his potential hitman to kill Bonnie. The prosecutor's list includes Blake's daughter Delilah, no Delilah. What what the hell is happening to names anymore, you know? What are these names? The Lina, who is custody of Blake and Bonnie's baby, it's a member of the body's family including her sister Marjory Bakley that spelled MARGE-ERRRI Marjory Bakley, as her been Paul Garron and Bonnie's children gled and Holly Garron. Also on a prosecution witness list is in square reporter John Blossard now an editor who was involved in obtaining Blackbuster audio tapes made by Bonnie of Blake threatening her, which have since been introduced by prosecutors in the case, stay tuned for more. Nobody cares about that, you're right. Sure, the time it was seem pretty exciting, but now that we got all the other stuff, you got Lacey and Scott, anybody care about that? No, no. Got Michael. But they don't care about Michael that much, at least not our crowd, 260 votes, but 260 votes, and an hour and a half, that is scandalous. Do you have any idea? I think we have to turn the transmitter off and save the juice. What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003? Arnold Agropanator elected Governor of California 78, Rush Limbaughed Regretion 75, Michael Jackson arrested only 50, I would have thought it would be much more than that. Colby Brad Rape Casey's guy exactly. Not third man. Martha Stewart insider trading tin, Madonna and Britney's TV kiss five, Paraselton's sex tape four, Roy Horn Mald by Tiger four for Roy. Ben and J. Lo so cold, wetting his three and rosy on all with her lawsuit still stuck there on one. One big lonely one. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Now that thing we had yesterday, but listen a lot more in 2004. I thought that was a good idea. Yeah, it was yours. That was my suggestion for the poll. Morton, Neil in 2004, and of course a lot less to. Somebody we were filed. It's quite a what you say, Barry Jack has. We'll talk about whatever we want to talk about on a show, Barry Jack is, you're not the guy named program director. You're not the one putting words or anything else in our mouth. Okay. And by the way, quit the in the lonely sandwiches. It's things like hell. It's a hero. His mommy still grabs into work. Here we did. You know that. And dresses would have brown bag dresses and every day would have a little bow time and bust brown shoes. You look really classy. Barry, make me look good. WDQM happy new year. Happy new year. You're on yourself. Yes, sir. It sounds like me. Oh, I want to give thanks to Georgia. Basically, he's been doing a great job since you've been gone. Right. I hear you say sensational job. He has been doing a sensational job. If I didn't, it was so good. He had like another month of lease, don't you? Well, I don't know about that. Come on. No, no, no, no, no. I'll come all the way. So anyway, let me recharge my batteries in my old age. Your charge, Doug. Yeah, charge this. Go, Hitser. Well, basically, I just want to say a comment. Is Porsche was a Democrat? The Republicans who want this head on the bottom. Right. That's right. Okay. And not only that, but if you think of what that guy said before, since they've already told us Al Qaeda and the terrorists, this is a war that's going to last all of our lifetime, if that's the case, why bother having an election? Why not just make boost the dictator? The emperor. Okay, we'll love that. But I mean, that's besides the point. If the only thing that I can figure out is like the Republicans, you should have a branch with a retiree, and they're actually pretty decent guys. Not haven't heard anything from them. Regarding this whole problem. No. It's a shame. But hey, you know, I may be joining you in Canada next year if is what she wins a year. So, hopefully he won. But see you at the border rate. Yeah. Okay, bring some of smoke meat. 560560, pound 560, and the 18th end. Don't forget if anything bad happens, it's Canada's fault. That's right. Do you got a sick cow? We done it. That's right. So now we're going to call us all in farmers in Alberta, all in Yahoo's. Now will you watch the South Park movie? You got the Sniffles, which South Park movie? The only, the one and only South Park movie. Oh, South Park the movie. Yeah, it's only. It's all about the South like the name-laming Canada. Oh, really? Yeah. I'm going to go out and get it today. How do you love it? You will die of laughter. I love South Park. I just, I don't know. I don't know why I think we're dead. It's all about censorship and language and Canada. Oh, and guess what book I read on the playing coming back or read the whole book? Do you remember the book? Uh, TV Nation. Michael North. It was about the TV show. I mean, it certainly wasn't his best work, but it was about the whole, uh, TV show. What they didn't, how they didn't, why they did it. It was it was very amusing. As usual. And he also said, because they're a bunch of battles. That's why he wrote it. 560560, pound 560, on the 18th, I got a whole different attitude, and even though it doesn't sound like it, I really do. You know, this is we had all these calls from the, uh, for real people called in saying that they just won't listen to QM anymore. We could see those people are gone. Right. That was the way. By shipping his ass off to Chicago, I'm shocked over the fact that he actually called you. Yeah, had a third party and I called him back. He had a party. Yeah, and I was invited. Here he had a party, you'd have been there. And he probably would have brought the good stuff. 1156, 4 minutes still known at 560, QA, and you're used to be great station. This Dicky, I like to relax by having very Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the new writers welcome on our. Okay. Right now, at the Baghdad International Airport, US officials continue to interrogate former Iraqi dictators Saddam Hussein. Before you go any further, we know you speak English. Yeah, okay, don't shout at me. I didn't like a green tea or something. No, you can't have a green tea. I'm going to mask it and don't hurt the ass. How about the other fella? He looks a little nicer than you. But I did like a green tea or something. No, you cannot get a green tea. Did you pay back down on the other tool? I'm Mr. Sayon, we have a few questions for you. I'm going to say anything. I will not talk. I'm the president of Iraq. I wish to be treated with a different amount of community. Really, you're not going to talk. No, I'm not saying anything. I'm a great soldier. What if I do this to you? Hey, you finished my nipple. No, please my nipple. I'll tell you anything you want. What do you want to know? I think I might have one talk now. What? No, green tea first, maybe. What if I do this? Hey, you finished my other nipple. Stop your partner from pinching my nipples. This is wrong. Are you going to talk? Sir, I'll tell you what you want to know. Where the weapons are in the mass destruction? I don't remember. I'm kind of a difficult. I don't remember. Give me your hand. Really? Okay. What are you going to do? Hey, you slap my hand. Where are the weapons in mass destruction? They're by my castle. They're in the ground. No, no, slap me. Sorry about that. That hurt. Sorry, I mean, it's alright. It's okay. But look, there's left a mark on there. Sorry. Whatever happens, it is big tough guy. You're going to fight you to death and all that stuff. What happened to that? I'm not telling you anything. How about that? There's my courage. I'm done talking now. Well, that's very crazy. I'm the mechanism. I'm not talking to you no more. Really give me your hand. What are you on my other hand? Oh, where are your advisors? They're at the bag that pizza hut. They're in the back room there. Where did this sit down by the sidebar? Don't don't get so rough. I'll tell you what you want to know. We appreciate you being so helpful, Mr. Oze. Okay, don't slap dough with the nipples and the hands. Need you this new reason to get so many, you know, yes. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. How do you like that? What do you want to know, tell you, tell you, tell you. Did you guess the third, the cards? The cards is not the card. I got the cards. Look, why do you invade Kuwait? I'm talking. Oh, what did you do? Why did you? Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. But, oh, no, no, you won't play it. No, no, no, no. Why did you I'm going! Because it was something to do! I was bored when you'd known. I'm to brave. Mr. Kill all the turds. Kurtz you people, there's a Kurtz not Kurtz not Kurtz, I'm called a fool! A group of people, turds! Sorry about that. What's up, you heard? Probably one at 5.60 WQAM, so when you do this, Factsy just sent me as a real hoot. Yeah, thanks for the comedy. Right. It says Neil, I left the misspell. Of course, almost everything in here is misspell. I left Lebanon on 20 years ago, also misspell, L-E-B-E-N-O-N, 20 years ago, is one of the last groups of Marines in the airport in Beirut, also misspell. I knew then we would be at war in the Middle East one day. What you would many other left minded people don't realize is that G-W-D-Vosci doing a solid huge favor by securing oil for our children and grandchildren. So you go ahead and oppose APP-OSE, oppose our president on every level, there are enough real world-minded people to keep President Bush and like-minded people in office. Until the mission is accomplished, sign, Regist your Democrat. Right! Nice spelling by the way. I think probably he and a president sure if nothing else IQ. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And by the way, speaking of oil, isn't it fascinating? You notice who the first ones are all rubbing their hands together about Libya? What the oil company? The American oil companies, they've been Johnson again, they're for 23 years now. Right. Here's the opportunity to go on. Oh, right! We got those stories on there how it was in the works for the years. Right, it was in the works for months. Oh, no, it's because they caught sign of wasn't it? No, no. In addition to which, isn't this amazing? Here's another lunatic, one of the craziest people on the face of the earth, Mo Markidoppy. Right. And now, let's sudden he's a good guy! I told you all that he was okay, just they got strange head here, that's all. 285 votes on a pulley. I'm going to tell you right now, if we don't get 500 votes on a pulley for the show ends at 2 o'clock today, I will not come back tomorrow. Are you ready for that? No. I will not come back and do a show tomorrow if we don't get least 500 votes by 2 o'clock. I got him chain emailing. What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003? That's our poll question on theorangers.com. Arnold, the group anator elected governor of California 88. Rush Limbaugh, drug mission 80. There's the battle right there between Rush and Arnold. Michael Jackson arrested only 57 small potatoes. Then we grabbed Ray Pays 33 and then after that really teeny tiny taters, Martha Stewart inside her trading 10, Madonna and Brittany's TV kiss 5. Paris Helton 66684. What's his name all by the tiger? Roy! 4. The Abenna Benefer, J.J. or whatever now there, it's been in J.L. wedding 3 and Rosie O'Donnell still got one out of 288. Pretty lame man. We got a lot of work to do. We have to do a lot more in 2004. You know that? Besides the lectern Howard Dean. Oh there you go again. You left minded people from the left coast all you pick-o liberals hate hate America. Right. WDQ and happy new year. Heal. Yes sir. Drive the Abenna back sir. George didn't excelling job. He is the best. He's good. Let me ask your question. Curiosity. I've too seen the hard rock hotel that develops in Hollywood. No. You have a scene of hard rock hotel right? Right off the turn bike. I think it's not Griffin. I state how a Hollywood accepted mommy's house. You know, you know, just think that you think we might get gambling here's our portal? No. I don't know. Absolutely not. Because of the cruisers. Mark, because of the cruisers and because of the Bible thumpers and because of a jet bushing on his right wing asshole friend never on a happen. Never had. I thought of re-applying in the ice about way more than that. Take into the bank man. We'll never live to see it. One more thing. I was just seeing the moment. That's one of my new years. That solution is the most. The most. He was talking about it. It was an article that was written about the just radio in general and how the people at the personalities at QAM rank on him so much. And he was the very, very jackasser. I think he's my problem. But he actually said those people thought behind my back. They don't have the guts to talk it to the face. I thought that was funny. And I know that for real, we used to tell him things also. But I don't understand what you mean. I know for all you to rank on him all the time in front of his face. So he's very annoying. But he says that people just thought behind his back not to. I'll be more than happy to tell him right to his face. I think I say I need your believe me. Neil, great to have you back. Ever great to know you. All right. I just don't want to see him when I'm there. I'm going to be there very soon. I just don't want to see him. Oh, it's nothing personal. Is it? Oh, yes, it is. It's going to. I don't want to see him anymore than you want to see him. I don't want to be involved with him. And this very jackass writing crap about well enough already. No, it's not enough. We haven't even begun yet. We haven't begun to rip this man and as if if all we did was rip him for four hours every day and every show on a station that still wouldn't be enough for what he's done to people and tried to do the people. Man, this is an accident waiting to happen. This guy and of course the Greg Reed once again gets himself in a catch twenty two. He can't get rid of this guy. Has to withstand his contract because he screws up by changing the guy's time. All of the stuff all of the crap that we're facing right now on this radio station goes back to screwing up the first team and moving us to nine to one. I was thinking about this yesterday, which when I'm not there, I try to think very little about it. But when we went on nine to one, I was thinking about those first few weeks trying this little thing. It calls it nine o'clock in the, like trying to revamp the whole soft Florida radio audiences listening habits. I can't do it. You can't do it. It's one thing when you, you know, your popular enough, you can move an audience or one station or other that's fine. But to change everybody's listening habits didn't work. And then we went through the seven months of bedtime stories which you like, but nobody else did. And unfortunately, you don't get no diaries. Not yet. Pretty sad. Pretty tragic, man. But now we're still trying to put the pieces together then we went through the forral business, which, you know, as much as I liked the guy personally and as much as I thought we had a good crossover going there, the fact that a matter of is that anybody would have a brain which leaves Greg out, what I know that was going to blow up. And Kevin Baxter wrote that glowing article in the hero. Do you remember what he wrote? I paraphrase it. He said it's not a question of if it's a question of when he's going to give you know, when he's going to go over to line and get him so can he even he wrote that and he was a fan of the guy. He liked him. He wrote a glowing article. But he knew that this is a man who is out of control. You cannot, uh, he's like a whirling dervish. And we're still waiting for those calls by the way about forral. He ain't coming back. Oh, that's my, that's my. He's good. He got never mind. That was excellent. That might have been the best call today. So far we'll take it. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight pound. We want to get thought we want a lot of ladies on here today, man. We want a whole bunch. At least we've only had one female who's taken the time. This was the show. We want a rotten place. So Florida really is. I don't care what anybody says. There's no courtesy. There's no love. There's no friendliness. There's no compassion. There's no rough months. Whatever. The Japanese, me when I say that. There's nothing. I'm tired of it, man. Here everybody is so goddamn polite. You can rip Toronto all you want. And of course, most of the people are ribbon never been here. We're nowhere to fight it on a map anyway. But God, it is such a civilized decent place. Where the people are so freaking polite and friendly and just laid back in nice. There's something to be said for nice, you know? As opposed to Amsterdam, what are just rude and obnoxious man. The Dutch are just, oh, fat. Believe you, me. In fact, I think if I had a pick between their French and the Dutch, I'd pick their French because at least some of them look pretty good, you know? Something Montreal. Seriously, the Dutch are just rude and I don't know what happens to them. What's they get to do? About 35 or 40 or maybe even not 30 men. They get hit with the ugly stick, even the guys that used to look good. All of a sudden they all have these long strange beards and they're like, you're across between you. Listen to that's great and rip fan winkle. But no, see, that's your average 40 or 50 year old Dutch man is he looks like a rip fan winkle and drag. Somebody should send them some history books and tell them we finally moved into another century and I'm talking about the 20th. Forget about this one. 560560 line one still isn't working. Same old crap. You know, and the corkies used to be well, it's the holidays and the all you know, it's not, but the excuses already done there. Duff and Clarence, all you weather, fumbras, all you fugres there. Man. Let's get, let's if we're going to like get the ship straight out of get in 2004. We're going to get the Titanic out of the bottom of the ocean and get it sailing again. You better start getting with it. Duff and Clarence and Greg and Ray who else is in Maddie. W2M happy new year. Not there. W2M. Oh, uh. W2M happy new year. Happy new year, do you know, listen, I guess quick things for you. Go ahead. One for your pole. Strong thermons love child. Oh, I like that. I love it. And the bridge tender, I believe is still alive and kicking. I think he called Kimba Bocamp for this morning. Really? Like them. I'll be man. Yeah. Thanks. Thank you. Thanks for the bad news. How are you? Strong thermons love child. Let's get that on the right away, Eric. Strong thermons love child. Now that happened while you were on vacation, right? Yeah, but I, I saw the story. I mean, very little response on it. I mean, you, although we did take a poll, I think he was right up there with Russia as far as being one of the biggest hypocrites of all time. Here is one of the most virulent races to ever came down to Pike. The Dixie crowd from 1948. I mean, just the, they showed some clips. This is some of the speeches he made, the things that he said just unbelievable. That's see those incredible. And come to find out that he was, he knocked up the, and the, uh, the, uh, made with 16 years old at the time. Nice. Right, lovely. I guess you want to be like a modern day Thomas Jefferson something like that. So let's get that on our strong thermons love child 300 and eight votes on the poll. Arnold, a group of eight or what the biggest, the new story, celebrity new story of 2003. Arnold, a, like a Governor, California 93, Rush Limbaugh's brother, edition 90 got a battle going on. Michael Jackson arrested 60, coming right, rape case 36. Martha Stewart insider trading 12. She goes to trial January 22. I'd like to see them throw a ration jail when you. Oh, that would be so special. Just that general principle. I just don't like her. She just, she's, oh, he's a bitch. Yeah, spot bitch. Very good. Madonna and Brittany's TV kids five, parasolton sex tape only four, more Roy Hornwald by Tiger Only four Benningelo wedding of three Rosio Thomas lawsuit one and strong thermons love child just popped up. I'm now called here sports video five 60's you a UAM. After years of failed attempted mergers with cable news kills, this is the owned ABC has decided to launch their own 24 hour news channel. Here's what it made some life. Good evening. This is animals reporting from Orlando. Our top story this evening nine people were injured when they fell off the boop and they're going to be something else. In other news four thousand people experience the explosive diary I'm vomiting. Walt isn't barking deep. Better the water to sports. Here's goofy. Gosh, wait. I've got nothing. Why do you? Okay, then. Good job, there, Raymond. Let's check the actual weather picture standing by in the ABC weather Here is Uncle Rivas. Back together, both. You're not there. Do the weather. How do you make Asian balls? I don't want to do any weather still to fancier. Get rid of that guy. Sorry, I'm sorry. We don't have time. We interrupt this weather report to take you a lot. Why rock and special correspondent Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Biden and Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Mor updates You don't want to stand up when you get a script. When you wake up anywhere. It looks like we can slice theоном and take a hot shot, In right hand. At what? Let's review our manual code for the cities. No, who's after this? 17 at 560, WQM happy a new year from all year good friends of QAM and us too. Despite a sharp drop in a homo size, your Congress regained a title that didn't want America's murder capital. Do you think that's because they got too many white people there? That could be it. The city finished 2003 with 599 homo size police said yesterday. That was down from 640, 80, or earlier. In the first time since 1967, the total drop below 600. Now, Chicago, Metro Chicago, I would say is about 5 million population. Metro Toronto is about 5 million. The GTA is just a little over 5 million. Very similar size. How many murders did Toronto have in 2003? I would say about 60 to 70. Okay. Chicago, 599. See the difference? Maybe Canadians are too stupid to know how to use guns. That must be it. Yeah. We have bad shot. That aim. Still the nation now, they're starting to learn. The nation's third largest city outpaced all of this for the second time in three years New York with about three times the population ended the year with 596 Los Angeles, which had the most murders in 2002, had just under 500 last year. Ready for that? Let's see, St. Louis, log its lowest murder total more than four decades, showing that police credit to do aggressive efforts to track down violent offenders. 69 killings in 2003. 69 in St. Louis. Where's the rest of the list? It balled more to 171 last year. Is Miami on the list? Where is Miami in for Loddera? D.C. Showed the homicide rate dropped 6% from 262 the previous year to only 247 last year. But 2004 began with two homicides in just nine hours in D.C. No final figures were available for Detroit, but Detroit is really slip a man. And if the report mid December said the city was on a page to 2003, with a few as homicides in 68. The total would be only 365. The guy said, what a bargain how only 365 for years Detroit was always a murder capital. Right. But there's no more. There's no more victims around because everybody moving to hell out. What a horrible place. Don't ever go to Detroit. I won't. When Greg comes in and says, hey George, because he doesn't such a great job, but he will signification and going to give you and Chris on your whole family. All of Spids paid tripped anywhere you want in the USA. Don't say Detroit. No. Don't say Chicago. No. All right. I like it too. Just have to stay downtown. We're at safe. You know what I mean? Time tower, most of the people are white. Is that a racist comment? Yeah. Just that the suburbs tend to be like in Cicero and homewood places like that. A little on the dangerous side. Anyway, getting back to it says, how to punk a metprocesual, which words you should avoid in 2004. They, it goes to sure they don't have too much going on their Lake Superior State University in Su Samory, Michigan. Every year they compile irritable language and they come up with words and phrases that should be banned as overused. Try it. Youchemistic were just playing an accurate this time. They came up with 17 words and phrases. They say should be banned. The 2004 loses were chosen by University Committee for more than 5,000 nominations for around the world. Topping the list was Metrosexual. Yeah. Reportedly coined in 1994 by British journalist Mark Simpson, the term refers to urban usually heterosexual men with a keen interest in fashion shopping and elaborate grooming. Gay. Ha ha ha ha. It elaborate grooming. And by the way, that whole thing, the queer eye and a straight guy and all that stuff is such a bunch of condescending bull crappards pathetic. Oh no, it's great nail now. It's not, it's garbage. And they have such a bunch of fruit cakes on there. Oh. What do you want straight acting gay guys? But to bomb forest one of the many queer, yeah, like your carols, freaky carols. So there would be good. He'd be good stereotype. But to bomb forest one of the many corresponds to nominate the term for banishment. It sounds like someone who only has sex downtown around the subway. Metrosexual. Another correspondent Fred Bordharden asked aren't there enough words to describe men who spend too much time in front of the mirror? Gay. Metrosexual in urban male who pays a great deal of attention to appearance. X as an X files X3 at Windows X4 Xbox. Amen. Punk to do popularized by the MTV show punk. I thought what's his name? I asked him, Kutcher said that all the time. That's the one. That's the chef. Oh, he's on a show punk. He'd be the host. But it's over. Good. Well, I, where did it go? What was it? One of the tabloids. It was a picture. He was a male model when he was a teenager about 17. Oh my god, I couldn't believe it. Gurdie faced men. He was pretty. He was real pretty. Companion Anna. Oh, by the way, speaking of somebody that's really ugly, not that you would care. Oh, Jesus. I want to do a reaction when I said about Hayden Christianson. That kid got hit with the ugly stick. He is so ugly, he makes me look good. He's from Canada. So about three or four weeks ago before vacation, they had an interview with him here local. I guess without the makeup and all the plaster or a perish on, man, that kid is grotesque. So you're Hayden Hayden. Oh, man, I wouldn't touch him with your tongue. Bling or bling. Companion animals also known as pets. I see. I'm missing some. I'm standing here, printed on return envelopes, companion animals also known as pets. Bling or bling, flat sheet jewelry. Do you hear that? Oh, yeah. LOL, email speak for laugh out loud. It says. Embedded journalist smoking gun. Shock and awe. Captured live. Shot's rang out. Rip from the headlines. Swet like a pig. The problem is pigs don't sweat. In harm's way, handcrafted latte and sanitary landfill also known as a dump. That's not a bad list. Metro Secial is the winner. Oh yeah. 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT and T and Verizon line. 329 votes. I don't think we're going to make the 500, which means I'm not working tomorrow. Okay. 329 on the pool. What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003? That we should have a thousand votes already. I mean, that's an old brainer. Oh, there's another one for the list. WQAM. 8-0, how are you? Yeah, no brainers, you're good one. Yes, sir, Grant. Happy New Year. Same to you. I think I have something free of poll. Okay. Remember, well, the group there famous at one time, but you know, almost 95 people, they got children inside that bar and can't remember the name of the group white. They've been white. Great white. Yeah. Well, that would be great. Great white. That was a huge news story. Was that last year or the year before? No, that was the year. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. Are you sure? Yeah. 2003? Yeah. Yeah, I think it was. Yeah. Positive. That's all I got. Thanks, pal. Have a great year. Bye. I don't think that's a big celebrity story. Nobody even knows who they grew up in. No, they were a washouts. 560, 560. Pound for the lead, the calls from women are pouring in here. If we don't get one this hour, I'm not doing one or two. You're doing it. All right. I'm starting to put my foot down with this crowd. Man, it just, it just frost my fat ass. Everybody in South Florida is the excuse capital of the world, the excuse capital. If we were given, if I had three tickets tonight's a panther game, the Seth Newton's game against the flyers, then you'd see those lines light up like crazy. And most of them would be women free loaders. Oh, can I have the tickets? Can I have the tickets? Did I hear you say you give them away ticket? Yeah, don't be with her for you. You'll get twice the results. Right. Hey, how about some free tickets all you ladies out there? WQM ticket line. Reggants for 50. Just kidding, just kidding. Hey, how many do you want? About 30 minutes. No problem. I'm not calling the disagree with you, but he defended that Susan McDougall. Right. He also defended one owner rider. Right. I mean, I thought he was okay when he did that, but man, I just don't understand that Michael Jackson said. Don't you know, Disney looks slimy, slippery. He does. I mean, it's just, it's just like the whole turnaround. The whole different set of strikes, so to speak. Hey, on this part, is it celebrities or is it just great news stories or what? No, the biggest celebrity story of 2003. I was going to say I thought you missed that preemptive word that we had. But that certainly wouldn't be somebody infamous, maybe, but not celebrity. Right. Okay, happy New Year. And the same to you. Mark Garagos, slime ball of the year, man. He really, he just looked at him and I guess it's the mustache must be part of it. But just his overall ambiance. He's going to lose the Scott Peterson case. Yes, he will lose that. He's going to lose the Michael Jackson thing. Let's hope. And man, you talk about making a jackass out of himself a jacko ass. That this whole business about he was roughed up by the plate. See, the whole idea when your guilty is held like he is. Make your self-tritage turn it around. Make yourself the evictum. It always works. And let's face it. If you're accused of like child molestation isn't the first thing you do. Hold a big party at your house and have 300 of your best closest friend show up. And let's say at one last time, the only reason that Latoya changed her tune and Germain and all these other gray robbers is because they want to stay on a gravy train. That damn fact, I can't stand. Right. All of a sudden they changed their tune. They had this wonderful upbringing. They're father was great to them. That cheap drunk. They think you crap out all. You see, we're all we all have Alzheimer's. That must be the deal. That's it. Everybody forgot. All those books and all those stories about that being abused as children. And Michael's whole childhood was taken away from him. And Yati, Yati, and there's daddy right now. He don't want him and mommy. They want to stay on that gravy train. Christ a lot of money for that ripple man. My life and love. This is 4th Radio 5-6. You'll be in your love this day. You only think. And my turn to go to your neverland. You're father, my eyes. I love a lesson. Play a song now. And you know what we say. But you're the day of the better. I'm a little bit less. I'm a little bit less. Yeah. I feel million weeks to write. I'm a little less. I get you. But 30. 5. 6- dapat. Climb 60 73. Joseph Mary. 5. Hey anybody from Kurdistan, would you say you're tired? You all me. My hero isn't interested in writing. These media have been great. Just a month. and guilty together again in stereo, following John Mark, he got Joe Rose's still on, oh and by the way speaking of the beast, the good news is for the people I hate him like poison, and think he's a real smithest river in trouble maker, he has ballooned up again, this is the fiery port I got from George, the beast has ballooned up again like three times the size he was before, whenever, trade trade geek. Really? Yeah. Well, not this parents are killing him, that's what happens when you're a spoiled little rich brat, and your parents keep feeding you and taking you on cruises and forespeding it for it, it's that pushing with one hand and pulling back with it, just like my mother. Oh, why don't you lose some weight and then she's pushing the food in front of me and then like get her on the same, you know what I'm saying? Don't you like the potato pancakes don't you like this? And at me times she's shoveling in front of you and at me, oh, why did she lose some weight now? The same crap. So I have it a death wish. The mad dog comes back Monday at two, the Humper from Shulas at four, nothing's perfect, they're where I see we got the big on it Monday and we'll get to Monday schedule on Monday, I guess assuming course that is I show up. I don't think there's a very good chance to that happen. That's schedule. What? Then that facts you Monday? Yeah. Okay. I said we'll get to one on Monday. Well, am I going to start reading this schedule for next week? What else you got to do? I'm just looking ahead because I see the mad dog is back he's been got a long time and the the load. So that website. What website is that? Deadreliveinphoto.com is great. It's been all day there. The fascinating part is looking at all the people that you thought were dead who aren't in the alive motion. But you don't want to be doing that because you know who gets very upset when we do shows about dead people. Absolutely. It's mo. He gets psychotic about that to close the home. By the way, it's going to be really interesting to see come January 16 when well actually would be a couple days after that. But we get the breakout in the hour by hour from the of fall book to see those increased morning numbers if Moe is doing it because remember that one rather than the summer book we find that Moe is doing pretty good. Right. Which had to be a spill back from a ferella guess and I see whether he had the big number in there or whether was ferella who course long since departed. That's going to be really interesting Moe. That's absolutely yeah. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T. Let me ask for this. How many seasons is Moe been doing the dolphin games now? Josh. Come on Josh. How many seasons is Moe Howard David had broadcasted off in games? Try again. 2. 2. Excellent. How many seasons in a row have the dolphins missed the playoffs? 2. Okay. Just a coincidence. Just a little. Now, somebody here said Chicago was twice the size. No Chicago was not twice the size. Where did the Comma says might? Where what did he come up with that? Chicago facts and figures. Metro tomorrow the GTA. He's actually shown me here the 2001 census but as of last year it's over 5 million now. So it's 4.6 million here. What makes him think Chicago's got 10 million people? Where did he come up with that? Maybe 5 facts there's another page. What does it say? What does the Chicago Metro population? The machine's going through the machine. What do you say the Schmidt? I thought it. I didn't. Because Schmidt is going through the machine. Is that what you just said? Jesus. Greg, I can spell on it. But you've practiced the Hiking spell. I'm not even saying no wonder. Let's try to think much sugar to well let me take a look at it if it ever shows up here. I mean sorry. And you know something even if it is twice the size we're talking 600 murders against 60 or 70. Okay. So let's say let's double the 60 or 70. What does it say? 9 million in change. For Chicago? See. Okay. So almost twice the size and 10 times the murders. That sounds logical to me. 5 670 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. How's that? How's the pull number coming? 347 there isn't a chance in hell that we're going to get to 500 by 2 o'clock. No chance if everybody who's listed right now votes on the pull between now and 2 o'clock there's no chance we'll get to 500. So I get some real good material assembled from Monday. 5 to end the women colors. What did I say? You were doing one to two if we have no women colors between now and one. All bits? WQA and hello. That's what the bush bashing is. WQA and hello. Hey, no. Yes sir. I just got back from QA and I was listening to your show down there on my way to the I'll be damned. Lodding player man. I can't believe it. You just got back from Cuba? Yeah. Probably they got a diary. Do they know about it in the hood where you live keep it a secret man? Yeah. My personal license to you down there. I'll be damned. Yeah. Send them some other trend diaries. We need to help. Do you only Cuba can get listening? The signal is loud and clear. Some believe. So how was it there? It was good. What do you mean it was good? It was okay. You know, they're struggling down there. But a lot of people are afraid to say that the cashers are an asshole. But you know, but they let's say cashers an asshole. How do you like that? That's about the last thing we can still say in America's cashers an asshole. All right. We're welcome back Colleen. Have a great new year. All right. You took my mind. At least on your new wave. Let's see 9.1 million and supposed to about 5 million. Yeah. He's right. It's almost twice the size. And let me see it again 10 times the number murders. All I think Chicago was much more civilized myself than say Oshoa Ontario. And he ladies calling it George? WQA. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yes sir. Yeah. You know how our David sounds. It's just like about us. Get his George David while you are gone. Yeah. That's a shot. Am I right? Oh yeah. Oh, I'm all the crap you could unravel. Okay. I was just calm down. I don't want to see him all by the way. When I come back to talk, make an early engine. Okay. Which he does anyway. Because Joe Rose and he don't, they don't interact. When is the changing of the guard eight o'clock? I mean Joe will not go in here. That's what the beast told me anyway. Joe won't go in here until I'm always safely out of the room. He doesn't want to cross paths with him because he might just get a little, uh, you know, carry it away. That that's how strong. That's the depths of the feeling that exists between those two. 567.0560. We need a lady car being the next 23 minutes or George is back one to two. And I go to an early lunch. I can't wait. And that sounds good. No. I think I'm going to get some potato-lock is for lunch. Just a little bit. Kind of a late honic of things. You have an 48 votes on a pool. Pretty weak all the way around. I, I, this was kind of like a test today. You know, that's why I came back this, uh, instead of Monday. This is kind of like the test of waters. To see if we have any audience left, they all much to Chicago would for real. Probably half of them going to get shot. W, W, M. No change. W, W, M, hello. Where's the lady colors, George? I got one somewhere. W, you for a while. Hello. Hi. Oh, man. I'm your female color. I'll be dang. You're sure not just doing a voice. I swear. Okay. Well, thanks for running my lunch. Oh, Neil, I just want to tell you, I'm so glad you're on the air. I love your show. Love and all of it to all of the BS without there. And I think you're wonderful and happy. Thanks. Have a happy. Bye bye. Thanks a lot for getting me to work one to two. I'm serious. I would take it off. I mean, I just, I'm too much of a hot shot, big paid, uh, big, uh, big, uh, used to be big talent to be sitting here talking to myself for four hours. High full of hours is enough. In fact, I think three hours is enough period. Don't you? For any show. Right. Let's see. Joe roses on two hours. Moe is on three. Joe and Marko are on three. The Humper is on three. Still making the same money. The load that he was making. That one he was working for. Any case on whatever. He'll be the ball game was over like 10. He's on and mid nights of two and a morning two hours. How come this show is the only one that's on four mad dogs on for only a pair? How come more on four freaking hours for well, uh, when he was with us, he was on two freaking hours. Four hours. I think a half hour would be great. Can you imagine how they'd be just all diving to the dial? Half hour like 10 30 to 11 every morning. We like a, we like a, uh, happening. Right. Concentrated. I'll say concentrate. Oh. 350 votes. What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003? Arnold, a group of data elected governor of California, 110. Rush Limbaugh's drug addiction, 99. Michael Jackson arrested 65. There's Bubba. Did I just see Bubba or is that somebody else has said, I thought I saw Bubba there and I want maybe he's running again. He gets my vote. Kobe Bryant case 41 Martha Stewart insider trading 14 Madonna and Brittany's TV kiss six. Let me sit again. Keep in mind, Dennis Rodman. Okay. Every time you see that, just keep it. Oh, talk about tainted man. Bowel. Paris, Milton, six, tape five. Roy Horne, Mald by Tiger Four, Ben and J. Low wedding, only three. Nobody cares about them. We just want them to go away. Strong thermons, lug child got three and Rosie O'Donnell's speaking a go away. Has got a one with her or lawsuit. 352. WQAM. Hello? Yes sir. Yeah, we're neocleaning. Where you calling from? Miami. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Oh, yeah. Joy's at the big baggie. Okay. Thanks. One, two, one. I guess you're out. You're going to be the one. It's day. I'm sorry Miami town. You're at five six. Oh, WQAM. It's the wonderful world of science with Professor Mo. Hello there boys and girls. Today we're going to loyne about that invisible substance incident. And you got nothing to do with fluids and juices. So you're not to worry about it. As a matter of fact, did it? It's a night. That's right, boys and girls. It's a noble guest named Furin, Ray Noble in his orchestra. Now, two, a demonstration. Oh, I get more. Why guilty? What a surprise. Uh, pray tell what brings you here. I want to loyne about this. It's a noble gashable rod. Now here hold this tube. Not the one in my pants. No, no, no, no. I think I'm in the same. You're going to my whole day. Right. Yeah. You're a little bit. It's a town. We had a dead human. I got out of here. You a little patient before. I thought something for you. What do you got there? A baby potatoes. The potatoes. But what? You'll just make a battery out of a potato. A battery out of a potato. Yeah. I'm probably going to get a ticket. Yeah. No, yeah. Don't worry. You think I'm some kind of a ruin. My moying you to conduct it. All right. Yeah. What are you? That wasn't it. I'll take a walk. I'm putting it up my ass. That's the bike. That's the bike. That's the bike. That's the bike. That's the noise. What 44 they must become Springfield, Illinois, and the kelb and everybody else in Illinois in Chicago population is I just looked at one thing. The city population, nothing greater a metro area. Yeah. City in the 90. Let's see. The 2000 census 2.896 million Chicago Toronto 2.41 million. Is that sound like twice a size? So I think when they talk about Chicago metro area, they're kind of like Cleveland and Indianapolis and Vegas and Illinois, the whole state of Illinois, Detroit, East Lansing. 560, 70560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. W to QM happy new year. Hello. QAM going once. Yes sir. Great. Yeah. Okay. There are crappy photos just returned it or both as the case may be. 567. 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. W to QM. It's pretty good. It's fine. Okay. It's our human. Nothing in the world could be more boring than you. Okay. But we're delighted we're ecstatic to know that you're still glued to that radio. Man, you got to stop deep inside your act. Oh, yes. W to QM. Hello. Okay. Thank you. Lot of reports about you. What did you do? I was gone. Nothing. Who did you do? Do you hop on Miguel or something? Yeah. You try to molest Josh in there. W to QM. Thank God for your interview bush. All right. There's a great call. Thank God for your interview bush. They told you. Right. Praise him like Jesus. Jesus Christ. That's my favorite line in that song. Boy, do I love that? Praise him like Jesus. W to QM. Hello. Oh, you. Yes sir. Happy healthy new year to you and George and everybody there. And this is for you. Uh, second second one. One of the largest stories needs a lack of who you're only to buy the democratic party to stand up the church. Well, let me say again. What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003? Is that a celebrity star? Many issue question now. Are all these democratic candidates or most of the democratic candidates acting like celebrities looking for sound like? No, sir. They're talking about a stretch man. Even I have never tried a stretch of that far. Wow. Yeah. You see, this is the problem when you're dealing with these people want to make everything political. It's the it's the light bulb crowd again. Remember I was talking to you about that before the show today. Yeah. The light bulb crowd. The people who are the we're listening to Matt Fudge and said you all of those spy reports about misfudge said this and misfudge said that and and he's still fudge packing and the Adi Adi Adi Adi Adi and he'll has a 24 hour uh nurse made and all this other silly crap that he just makes up as he goes along. And like I said the fact that he's got a colossal bag is not something we want to talk about. The fact that he just makes a bunch of crap up underneath his upon to the right wing and a mindless self-hitting fact that we don't want to talk about that on this show. So we won't. 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line and guess what if we have a point three in the next bookman I'll still be here and still be talking about your ugly ass okay because I have spy reports from Bob Cooce. W. K. W. M. Neil talk line yes sir. Hey, hey my buddy just talks that you guys have talked about for L possibly come back. Oh yeah right you're your buddy needs a uh lobotomy. He's not. No he's not coming back he's in Chicago he's not coming back. I'll tell Pau-Pau how he said hello then. Okay. 560 50560 pound 560 see I don't understand the whole for real thing man you know what I mean I I don't know whether it's that much of an impact or not time will tell time will tell it's hard to say but it certainly in those numbers man if he was doing a great lead in for us it sure is held in show up Scott don't take it personal but it sure is held in show up your people sure is held in support us they just turned on us and stabbed us with a black dog dead or course that was mostly your people was most of the Cubans sorry I should go any other room and get that I think I hit them under the some of them that's how bad they were for that one month in November but in a meantime like I said Ron and Paul took it straight up the old echo what does that tell you what does that say do your people listen to Zeta no no way cubie up three points in a month in November dispatched language stages of the market up three points which means that we hadn't didn't have a Chinaman's channel they all got diaries this time 560 50560 pound 560 don't forget rushes on right now you don't want to miss rush he's doing it he's popping him everybody QA and hello WQM hello QAM yes sir hey buddy glad that's lucky and happy holidays George same awesome same to you I bought a shop for command George all right look at you you did that to me anyway Neil I'm everything you said about boys you're so right and it's so much deeper than even anybody has a clue out there there's a book called the Luminarie bloodline and it talks about you know all the right-winged power people for the beginning of history and I don't know if you've ever heard about the Luminarie bloodline but oh god it's just anyway boy she just you know he just just the worst I mean a badly many anyway I just want to wish you guys a good happy holiday George I love you Neil love you too man okay here a good light down good luck you'll see the border 567 now to woke up for those Luminarie the builder burgers to an especially the above a but Burgers and the trial at our commission right and the batonburg stew oh you see about the queens princess Anne's dog no didn't see about that sorry this that's somehow that was the lead story one hour on the prestigious BBC when I was over there across the pond and I'm telling you they ought to hang their hidden shame to sure what about to silly twits are the brits who give me the schmits the lead story with that princess Anne's dog her up a bull terrier attacked one of the queen's favorite corgis and did so much damage the dog had to be destroyed that was the lead story and then the other day on the heels of this princess Anne's dog the same one bit one of the maids you ready for that? that's what the brits are worried about five days they really are they're pathetic they're beyond pathetic there's no word for it the silliest people on a facet of the earth are the brits now we have a few in our all-listing audience in the good luck to you it's all I can tell you I'm glad you got out simple things there's their genetically challenged WQAM happy new year five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line I'm sure you hit it too oh it was well I had your thumb on like I said the feeling it doesn't make any difference whether it's new years whether it's the fourth that you lie whether it's my birthday whether it's my 400th anniversary on a year in town no matter what it is you can feel the love just come to that phone can't you with the love right in Miami with the ramen t-o whatever I'm an omg it's that you feel that love you can smell it the snow and everything that WQAM hello speaking wow speaking it's not me or it looks like me hey for real is real get a better phone honey wow our cackling idiot five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty one why I make the same mistakes over and over again we already had our one lady call her it's gonna make me do one or two okay that's in our quota let's not overdo it okay otherwise we'll get that that one the bimbo that calls all the time you know the real simple then what months to talk about boistern politics she wouldn't know a boisterf you had one which I don't think she does god WQAM happy new year pretty good not bad yes sir how are you doing still pretty good meal no you talking to uh Jorge okay what's happening you have the month full let me ask you question how are you doing all that's how that's all against Dave of Friedman five six seven five sixty boy you talk about some people are really really and it's good they showed us a surface it's like it's like beneath the surface nobody will ever see it you know all the experts wouldn't win the final chapter is written on his show and the 80 years has been on here in his town nobody will ever really see that but under the surface that's the most important service that we provide right if they service under the surface and then it's for all these cycles out there in San Florida believe me there are many many many many every hour we got at least keep in them off the streets keep it away from your hood like he won't wait for your door stoop god we do a job WQAM line nine nobody there QAM hello happy new year let's go all on there yeah nice and tenets by the way for your games you phony bastard man all of a sudden they went a few games they get hot and we got islander fans right what a hell are you kidding I don't know we got hockey today and oh George is very excited about that we got the Panthers and the fully flyers at five pregame starts at three thirty I have no idea what how can we possibly have an hour and a half pregame on a hockey game but what what is it seriously what is the deal with that did you ever hear such a thing it's nothing we got the dolphin pregame for 85 hours because we stick a lot of spots in there anybody want to buy the Panther games oh no yelda on game night 3 30 to 4 30 the Panther preview 4 3 to 5 and the Panthers and the flyers five to wait at the macro we're not followed by the festival and any k and that's the play it it sure doesn't seem like Friday to me doesn't know it I mean I know what is but I can't I can't deal with it do you think we're gonna make 500 by two o'clock no 3 81 we need 119 votes on that poll which means that if everybody was listening right now would vote twice we might have a shot like Jimmy Johnson would say you have a shot 3 81 it's a good question is it because it's a bad poll question no no is it because there's nobody listening yes got a lot of work to do George even though you did that phenomenal job you left me with a deep these whole the climb out of even even said I'm never climb out of a spider hole like this and then of course for a while he turned around and stabbed us in a vacuum he didn't even know it even though he was doing it just turned around and just shove it right through our hearts by the way here rumors coming back WQM hello that's our great and a save to you palmy thanks for your great call 1257 at 560 I hit rumouries uh she was a community I got in a community that needs to die God as far as I can tell she was the fantastic Iconoclastic Celia crew he was rumoured presents Jimdoze Bolivia is a son of Celia crew she's dead you know which the villagers for you the available now have 50s whose CD in Boya Our most beloved drag queen died in 2003. Cida Cruz. She's passed away and of course the South Florida Hispanic community the Cuban Puma They're pissed off Because if you're like a respect for Cida Cruz. Sorry. Shame on you, his man. I will let give it to her for this and Cida Cruz Now this fact she just said me who knows Berkeley who was that new a e you better once? I met her hurt Well, shouldn't doesn't bring any bells with me, but the answer is sure no problem. Berkeley whoever you are we will do anything We have no credibility on a station no more we have no spots. We have no audience. We have no votes on a pool We got nothing Greg by the way Greg. Here's my message for you for 2004 field you man Yeah 300 now we can even get to 400 forget about 500 votes on here. What have you left me George? The I love these people are calling oh George did a fabulous job you son of a bitch. How come you even bother coming back? And then I can't even get like 50 votes On the pool. What is your story man? Maybe you just take bad poll You had over 1,000 on that one. Yeah, that was the one about politics is so exciting and important and very important I mean that important on a talk show It's important Those people of order that's important those people need to be rounded up and given mental help Like we're really changing a world on a show man or any show 386 votes and we're do jones in for 500 here by it doesn't look too good for Monday man WQ and hello Hello, this man I wanted to be a lady color and say hi and have been new year well the same to you I am a lady color. I just felt like I wanted to be I am one Thank you And thanks for the memories. Yeah, thanks for all that stuff. Okay, all these things all these things Thank you, say goodbye Bye She was very nice. Right she was she was a nice person. Let's hear it. We just talked to one nice lady So about thinking time man. I mean I realize it's boring if everybody's too nice, but it would be nice A little more a better balance in South Florida that's the problem is an imbalance man There's a freaking imbalance too many luni tunes too many unhappy people too many scumbags Too much of that scumb By the way, Paul overwhelming support for facts in a military I should mention that Did you have this story on? Did I tell familiar? We had one such story out of the one. No, it's not a new poll measuring Americans attitude toward gays in the military reveal Significance support for allowing lesbians to game into serve openly 79% of the thousand four adults surveyed said they believe people were open the gays should be allowed to serve 79% the CNN USA today Gallup poll conducted a summer fifth through the seventh found that 91% of people aged 18 to 29 were supportive of allowing gays to serve openly as were 85% of all women in 73% of all men 91% of people aged 18 to 29 say yes How do you like that? I like it? Approximately 10,000 gay and lesbian service members have been discharged under the Don't ask don't tell policy since it's inception in 1993 Like that 90% and yet at the same time It's the young males out there who are the most of the bush-lickers. They like their bush In fact 60% of all males in the latest polls. I was reading this on the internet yesterday 60% plus are a bush people only 29% against bush White males that's what it problem lies white males So come November on you white males out there guess what most of you're gonna be turned back in the setback home when you try to vote right roadblock That's right and for every dark person that goes out there and vote we're gonna make sure they get two ballots just to make up for 2000 just the ballot it out We got 400 yet like I said if we don't get 400 votes in this pool 390 We don't get 400 judges working on Monday if I George is working all next week if we don't get 400 560560 so what they's welcome and back. I'm here in rumors man. I'm here a lot of rumors about that Here's line nine our favorite Q. I am George gave us a website on Wednesday where you put a yellow Google and you go to that miserable Who's there or whatever isn't it put some George pushes Resume or whatever. I want to think that but hey. I was wondering if you do you know about that website called This leader dot org yeah, we talked about it before my vacation. Yeah, that's it's part of the New world what tells the a group of doing a move on that or yeah, yeah, yeah off of all the plates It is great you can I don't know if you know this but you can actually set it up so it actually just sends you a date Wouldn't get a new one it sends it to your email Excellent So I just if you didn't know what I was gonna let you know thanks man Thank you. I have a right new year. You too Yeah, try to be a good cause of line night and I tell you that just moments ago. You said no, you don't know. I just told you that 560560 pound five 60 the ever smaller Dutchman No, I can't say that I have don't God right what a you know I don't know what it is maybe it's because it's Christmas because this is the second year And I made the same mistake and I blame nobody but myself for being a moron go in there in December You don't go there in December the weather sucks it rains all the guy at the end time. It's dreary Coordered and crap Wendy And there's no tourist there and how many times have I told you if they're out in enormous number of tourists there You don't want to be there because it doesn't look but the Dutch Fair To them to their food to their whole concept of what life. I mean the government is great But the wrong people are there. It's kind of like South Florida The climate is great the ambiance is fine. It's the people that need a transplant There's nothing wrong with South Florida that a people transplant wouldn't grab it's only that for many years That's why that's what we need is a frickin people transplant get a few people out of the age of a hundred Get some of those broadminded 18 to 29 year old some of them are might look pretty good and be pretty cooperative too George From the left coast there you go. Yeah from the left coast that's right the left freaking coast What a great job these right wing assholes have done I'm making the word liberal a dirty word. Oh you're a liberal It's like when Paul Martin got sworn in his prime ministering here in Canada about three weeks ago and I'm seeing in the headlines In the bottom of the screen Canada swears in pro U.S. Prime Minister Man what a freaking joke. I want to correct they have a bad I mean a thousand mistakes are be showable when I made several times Yeah Because I saw from the BBC and they know a little bit more night who I always say that fewer than 25% of Americans have passed forth Well, and that is correct, but come to find out it's fewer than 10% Okay fewer than 10% of Americans had passports, which means they go nowhere Do not see in a rest of the world they know no from nothing All they know is the propaganda they get from watching you know whatever the latest bull crap show was on And those shows have got to stop if those shows don't freaking stop you know the ones in talking about no, which ones you talk all these is super star instant What you know, no, I Pretty good idle era I will they got to stop and up on his crap all these marginal human beings with no talent God Everything goes in cycles man and just if if something is a hit all of a sudden we got 7000 shows Just inundating us with the same crap. Oh, but it's a reality show right sure it is Five so what am I gonna set it again about five six seven oh five stick to there's not enough people listening right now for me They're excited about it's not worth it. Don't go break it a sweat now. Okay Hello my left armpits smells pretty rank I Did bring home some far that's about the one a good thing like I thought you know they made great soap and the other one And Amsterdam if they could only just start using it would be great like the French the French your famous for perfume if they would just use a little bit We could all get long 403 votes What do you think is the biggest was the biggest celebrity strip of 2003? Arnold the group and fewer You elected Governor of California, 121 partial in-ball drug addiction 118 there's a battle for you man neck and neck nose to nose Michael Jackson arrested 72 Kobe rat rate case 45 Martha Stewart's insider trading 15 Paracelton sex tape eight strong thermans lug tile eight But done in Brittany's TV kiss seven Roy Horan mal by the tiger in Vegas four Ben and J. Loe went into we got only three we don't want to know from them okay even Rosie got another vote Rosio Donald lawsuits got a pair out of 403. I think you're safe. We may be 400 What don't hey they're just getting warmed up to you man. They love you all across we only had a couple of those maricone calls That's from your people today those you know Home of public Cubans is all they know man. What is with you Cubans are you ever gonna grow up? We're gonna learn Jesus crisis because most of your closet queens self-hating Drillin all emholes in the garden the glory holes at Westland Jesus Christ you're not kidding anybody man Anything that moves anything that moves they'll hop on a dog rabbit those squeeze it they'll twist it they'll lick it. Hey anything that's motionless too Yeah, I'm especially that can't fight back Let's see the cruise god. Oh can you imagine if they put see the cruise's body in the middle like on Southwest eight street on a big pire Just burn at bitch. Oh that's bad. See that was terrible. You can't say that. Don't say something else family again Just when she didn't have the worst monkey face ever seen in my life But you're the one that said that that's a gorilla Wait to near the speciacopy. I got one live spot the whole day today because I guess nobody We're just we're just bacon at today and this is the only show that'll tell you like it is we're not really here. It's on tape It's all make believe And the piece of copy I got here and maybe either Steve Wolf or Troy Stratford or the two of them both are doing magic mushrooms I brought some back for them from Amsterdam, but I don't think they got him yet You ought to see all the different places the magic mushroom joints and Irb and seed places like that and just rub it No, no, listen I'm not saying that it was great. You don't want to go there believe you me. Yeah, I know that place Now go to the summer. Maybe like in a little of a June would be good Anyway, it says here in this cup I'm gonna read it exactly the way it's written. Okay Steve Wolf. What is wrong with you man? It says it doesn't matter if I'm in Toronto visiting Michael Jackson and Neverland or my home in South Florida I will be at Pompano Park this Monday night. January the fifth Because it's free spaghetti dinner night. Am I gonna be there? No, but I will be there because it's free spaghetti dinner night There's no better deal in all of South Florida You have to do is buy a Pompano Park program for this Monday January fifth and you get a coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner at the fourth floor Payer players room didn't include rules in butter salad a heaping plate of pasta marinara sauce that can't be beat with a stick No kidding just to help mile from both I and I need five and a Florida turn pipe Pompano Park's easy to get to a best of all Pompano Park features free admission and free general parking every single day live harness racing in a poke room open every Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday like tonight in Saturday Poker starts at noon noon the midnight and live racing gets underway 705 p.m. Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday Five nights a week count them every Monday night. There's two for 25 dollar dinner special at top of the park rest rod every Wednesday at the track is dollar night for draft beer hot dog so does lots more and every Thursday night It's late these night two for one great specials just for the ladies Also, we're being edited the fourth floor players room. There's the 795 played a dinner special Pompano Park is also open every day seven days night's week for a simultaneous thing featuring the best in harness Thurbra and a high-lash and ball across North America free to watch him punch your lungs And don't forget the next free spaghetti dinner at Pompano Park this coming Monday night be there Pompano Park of Blacks other line of full of art on powerline road for the curracing schedule go on a web at Pompano Park dot com or call them at 954 972 2000 happy new year to all our friends add and from Pompano Park On the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God Look at clapping everybody Are you wearing a dress? I'm gonna cross talk with Neil like it. That's not what cross talk means Hey, if that's when they'll launch I You know these nylon's make my legs tingle They hug me they hold me I never let me down the love I came in here to tell you specifically to talk more I thought about it. What else can you say dude? I mean there's mortal life 10 pretend in your nose bottles policinally that in reality wouldn't give you the sweat under their balls I What a homo you mean you never got laid are you serious? Oh I like to look at where the men It makes my day be people who And when they hurl it in the arrest of people Fun so round and move That's why I'm a sport-holder I like to play with my bottle and bow And thank you, we get a horse You know what you are? There is a damn faggot This is how it's going Oh my god You're the one who has a good way One-16, I'm here a lot of rumors about for Rout Aren't you? Oh yeah, I'll love it place On for me Kansas State quarterback L, ELL, what kind of name is that? L, Roverson, was accused yesterday Of essentially assaulting a woman at the T motel As status for the festival Tonight may not be determined until game time Oh my god Kansas State Sports Information Director Gary Bowman said coach Bill Snyder Will meet with that letter to record Tom Wiser And school president John Wafield Last night, oh they were going to meet But set of decisions likely won't be made to late today Game is what time is it eight o'clock tonight The festival, you're going to be glued to that Kansas State, Ohio State the buck eyes Oh yes 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Lots of rumors about for Rout coming back That's what I'm here in the new year 450 votes we had about as much chance to make in 500 votes by two o'clock on his pool As for Rout coming back 419, no chance WDQM happy new year Hey, I hope it's a cock and cockish Daniel WDQM hello Hey, I do a welcome back Thank you so much Hey, I wish for Rout come back But I know you're just joking How about a parole detail Ah, what's on the perimeter to me I like your pie I need something to keep him around Because I love that voice Okay More work on it Sounds like a winner to me It's your go over better than that I've seen more Howard David a key to And I went over like, oh, we shouldn't Should not get no They're selling this very he was very nice to us on that Right, mighty white I'm not really also nice We didn't need this permission anyway But of course, Muff is a pansy So that's the reason we had to ask Muff was permission to do the key chain And he said, he liked the charity And all this other crap, you know So we don't want to knock it too much But the fact that it matter is we'd have read a lot more money With a forlucky chain Make no mistake about it in my right Absolutely, even he knows that But we screwed up 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Pound 5, 60 So in other words, you must hang around in different circles Then the beast in Miguel Yeah, I'm pretty sure I do Because Josh can verify this They were telling me they were lamenting the fact That we have no audience anymore Because since for Rout God can Everywhere they go, that's all they hear That's the word on a street Is the QM audience has re-build And they will not come back until For Rout comes back I guess I'm just not getting to those places You're just not hanging out in the right choice man That's the problem To mark the time after on a street corner By the sub center, I know what you do it over there Water pipe WQM, hello Hello Yes sir What is it? Oh, it's in again That's what it is A freak WQM, hello Hello, hello Yes sir Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good Oh, Michael Jackson, especially You think they're gonna blow out of space like they did last time Did you mean hand to space? To make a little more black You can make a little more normal, I guess Only time will tell him you'll be the one watching pal, not me Not gonna be watching? No, if you paid me like by the second I wouldn't watch a crap CBS You ought to have tears running out of those CBS eyes Man, what a bunch of horrors Just unbelievable The worst horrors even got a witty willots would be embarrassed Putting that crap on there Michael Jackson's number one hits on tonight on CBS Which they postponed from November And of course, a long way, right? Yeah Till January to second What a bunch of assholes you people at CBS are 5670560 How can we have our Kelly special on right after it? And that's how good? Sure, what not? And then we can follow that up with a Lakers basketball game And a nice Catholic mass WQAM hello WQAM hello Uh, deal Yes sir What you're saying about Saudi accrues you know that text the community And George you need to stand up for your people Let me stop All the people's of good taste to think that she's such Why you ripping her deal on the air Cut this sock man because she's a joke Why you couldn't Because she couldn't sing a word of a kick or something You're not gonna country who's from your country that's great sir I'm not gonna country from what country from what country I'm not gonna speak in press release for my country man I like does he earn as? Yeah He can say He can say He can say Sit down go sit down go in the back of the Put on a duck cap and sit down Fony Fony fake hysterical call Stand up for your people Five six seven by the way pal why don't you stand up Straight instead of bending over all the time five six seven Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty Let go on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line See there there they're trying they're doing their best to do their duty So do it she's a monkey face ugly dead bitch That's the bottom line with Syria because that's probably Miguel's boyfriend on the phone a scary catter-walling bitch. Yeah That's very nice actually. Oh nice W to QM happy new year Hi, I'm up in here. I was just calling to wish you guys happy new year Well, thank you so much You're so when I've got listen to it. Okay. Okay. Thanks Bob. Okay. That was nice and see we got a couple nice ladies on there two or three They're out there far few and far between man How many votes we got? I'm not gonna read the result because it's getting pondress 430 400 and about 30 man. We got no chance for 500 by two o'clock So it's a damn good thing for you that I like lowered lowered the bar. Yeah, the sports bar low bar WQM happy new year New yes sir Good to have you back buddy. Yes, it is. It's a lot better than having old G&Jors Okay, same old tired crap your people by the they hate you. Let us know what they're obsessed with you. That one guy What do you mean that one guy? It's called three oh we've had a whole bunch of Cubans calling today You're off of me now. They're on your ass. All of us know you're a faggot. That's all you know you're a man. Madicorn Madicorn. We're on my bus. Yeah, maybe they try to make a date. That must be it. That's it man Those Cubanos more toast Like Julia. Now that's a new rock room WQM Yeah I think you're pretty Thank you, Pern. Can I stop for me please? Maybe. Where are you coming from? I'm coming from Miami Lake. That's Florida. I mean lakes. Yes. Go right ahead. Okay. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. I want to talk to George. You're responsible. I want to support a guy who's a standoff for Stenicos. It's a freaking kill that just like you man. What's going on? You see what I mean? What are you always told you? What are you always said to you? And that is that ordinarily no matter what the law is going on in the world we can be dropping Nuclear weapons on the Japan again and there would be not no calls from the Cuban community But if it's either alien or senior crews all of a sudden I thought I thought I'm in the same old tired craft again just like a Miguel man. Yeah, same old stuff. Right. Why talk about freaking one dimensional just like the old Jews with Israel and Jewelie Rerman. Who? Who? Who am? Jewelie. George. And that's what Montana. Your people George. That's right. I didn't know you were Joe Montana fan. Jimmy Barshee played for San Francisco. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlese line. Rollin' along, singin' a song, killin' a little time here day after Jew a new year. WCWM. Yes sir. You know there. I go to Molly Island's calm and the forward start don't run today because they're talkin' about. So the thing you're talkin' about outshaining was Josie and him to put him on the air came down from the just one year to tell. Wait, this guy right. That's right. Hella Burke was doing business with him. He was just horrible, dickened a bunch of them. He'd be telling that we're doing business with him. I'm pretty fond of being dollars worth of business. Put it on your website. Okay. We'll head it on there but we'll do it again. Thank you sir. Get a new phone. Is that a new phone? Is that a new phone? Is that a new phone? Oh! You went all the way. He said, I want to be a little bit louder. I want to be a little bit louder. I want to be a little bit louder. That's all that! Sweet! 560560. I mean, Sidya Cruz dies and you're making fun of it. I think that is such bad taste. I'll line in. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. 432 votes on that poll. They're pouring in by the ones man. Just like the attendance to the Panther games, they're probably gonna be a big crowd today to be like a 15,000 flyer fans of 7-0. Now, is that game tomorrow? Is that a home game? Do we know Josh? Or not? I hate to put the pressure on you. They're playing the Columbus will be unusual. I have a Friday and a Saturday game back to back at home. I'm not sure. They're playing the blue jackets with their new coach because Doug McLean fired himself as coach of the Columbus blue jackets without even saying any four letter words. Oh, speaking of something like that. Yeah. I asked about that. Panthers preview thing. And it's a special feature that we're doing a couple times a year during the hockey season. A special feature? Right. What is that all about? It's a special feature. So in other words, Yelde's going to bring us hockey information up the button. Up the button, right? Up the button. Yeah. In there. Well, depth. That's a good way. So in other words, this wasn't right off this day. No wonder we have no spots and they told me don't even bother coming in today. If you don't want to, like it's optional. Actually, to say, okay, fine. Sounds good to me, but no, not me. Not being a glue time for punishment that I am. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Yeah. Gross. It's strong. I'm going to do it. Madonna and Brittany TV kiss. Speaking of that. 7. She had her tongue down to her eubula. Roy Hornmald by Tyre 5. Roy. Ben and J. Low wedding still. I love these little edge still, man. At least they're consistent today. They don't want to know from then ever again. Two stories. Ben and J. Low wedding is only got three. And fat bull like Rosie O'Donnell and her lawsuit and all her son-in-ins. As only got a small pair. My home. This is sports wedding of my city. You and M. I. Ellen John has them available to get out of the studio. He's back there again with his. They're dropping like flies album. A tribute to John Denver. You'll hear that classic. I'm going in a prop plane. Goodbye. Rocky out and Road. And now this is Elton John. An elderly in this studio. Do you record other tribute record? That's right. But we're good by up the R. And I can't know what the crumbling attribute can do. So, it's not like John's tribute album. They're dropping like flies on sale now. He is the best. You see I'm sticking up for my people. Who? The bags? I'm sticking up for my people. That's what I just said. Elton John. You're getting with it. I guess what? We're going to go for 500. All right. No, see we got 446. We got a half an hour. And we got 446. A 400. We can make 500 before the end of this show. All right. And the threat being that if we don't make the 500 by 2 o'clock by the time Little hand it's the big hand. George is on again all next week. What's not to like? George. I got let's see three weeks more vacation before October. I better start taking a real soon. Like next week. 446. Who do you think? What we think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003. 449. 51 votes in 29 minutes. That's like only less than 2 a minute. That's child's play. If we have anybody listening. We ought to be able to do that like room out of bed. Like turn an off the CD crews record on a radio. 560. How do we re-egregitate her all over again? How we drag her up? I guess no, I guess because she died last year. Why not not? Let's dig her up. Proprop again. You have to stick up for your people. And I agree with you. Bob Aloo. I mean, Desiard. Desiard. I mean, ask the average smuck on a street out there in a middle America like in the moin. In the moin Iowa. Who do you like better? See that cruiser. Desiard. I love Lucy. Desiard. Look, he was funny. He could act calm. He was a great business man. Right. Great bit of producer. Blue musician. He couldn't sing for crap. At least that's one thing they hadn't common. And at least we knew what the gender he was. He sang better than Celia. At least we knew what gender he was as opposed to Celia. Although I will say I think she had a large or penis. WQM happy New Year. Leo. Yes sir. Why are you ripping Celia grew man? Because we can't stand Celia Cruz man. Celia Cruz, he was a beautiful person. He. Yeah, on the inside. I love her. Go ahead. I met a once. She was beautiful. You met him once. He. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha. We're right. Excellent job, pali. three and a half hours to get to that. I made him one. Oh, good. Probably at the at the table with JC pennies and Westland. Do you imagine you're looking through one of the glory holes at JC pennies? There's Cinecruz on the other side. Holy crap. 5-6-7-05-60-pound-5-6-the-oddy. Look at that 454 man. We only need 46-27 minutes. That's less than 2 a minute. That's one every 30 seconds. How many seconds? I'm 30 minutes. Can't win it. Hop on it. WCW. That must have been Syria calling for me on this side. WCWM, heavy-new year. Is this Neil? Sounds like me, yes. Oh, hey Neil, hey, doing. Pretty good. I'm passing in front of Westland Mall right now. Why didn't you, uh, why doesn't Sully accrues on your pole? You mean the death of C.D. accrues? That that's a Sully accrues. I mean that's news down here, even though it doesn't matter, let's see. What is the question again? What is the biggest celebrity story of 2003? The death of C. La Cruz. By the way, I know what you're doing. You're looking for glory hole. Yeah, that's why he's down to our Westland. See, we finally found a way to get the Cuban community involved in this show again. Not the next week we're going to be talking about Elian, all week. Let's bring him back, okay? The hot mud mud. That's an excellent pool. Who would you rather have come back? For Rau or Elian or Sully? Or Sully accrues? That's you got no chance against them. 457, 43 votes in county, baby. The pressure is building. You could almost smell it. WQM happy new year. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Sully a rock in your gate. Sully a rock in your gate. I think he said Sully a rock. Oh, Sully a rock. Is that what he said? Did it to us? No, that was a lady. That was not a guy. I mean, we're saying yeah. I'm not really sure it was both. Maybe that's why they were had so much in common. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. The average person anywhere in the world wouldn't see the accrues from a pretty cruise. Guarantee it at that. Yeah, she made the best man at Tia cruise. She'd play right field for tomorrow's next season. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. See that's why South Florida has no hope because it's never going to change. It's always the same. It's just in a hundred years from now. That'll be the same crap. I would be the same. There'll be like all these little Miguel's running around. That's all they know. That's all they know from a Cuba. Cuba, Cuba, Cuba, Cuba is the same old crap. Cuba, what do you say? Come on, Easter. WQM, your communist station. Hello. At one point Georgia's show was so bad that he had burnout calling for advice on bomb technique. You're an outs like you, huh? You sound boy, talk about the podcast calling the kettle spoken to somebody else's pot. Boy, does that guy have a burnout sound or what, huh? Yeah. Seriously, you know what I mean? Like he's got a cozy over his post. He heard all of it. But he was listed. That's the guy that hates you like poison. And of course he's trying to disguise his voice. He's got a sock over it and they're phone two. But he listened to every minute. See, that's the thing that cracks me up about all you people. Is that, oh, it was so bad. But I want me to listen for. If you don't like this show right now, what do you listen for? We're out of business anyway. We don't give a crap. We'll get paid the same what do you listen or not? We'd like to have everybody listen. We need your help in 2004. Listen more and don't get sore. But the 471 votes. We got to see you never dreamed in your wildest dreams. Because you're always selling me short man. I'm only short in one respect. You're being made the most important one, too. And it's very sad. It's a sad situation. But I guess it's a good thing. You see, the Lord was looking down on me when he made me into a little monocone because when you're gay, they're making a difference where they got a large penis or not. When you're head of a sexual, of course, these women out there, these demanding women, they're looking for somebody with a big, big tool is what they're looking for. They go wallet and a big tool to go along with it. 471 votes on that pool. On a British Airlines flight, 223 canceled for the second straight day. We had another tragic event and bits and pieces of information as there was in 911 were out there and people didn't act on it. The carousst greatest ally is the public's just appearance of inconvenience. And we've got to keep our defenses. As a terrorist right there, they're showing a crowd from that British Airlines look like a terrorist to me. I think the real reason is that the US finally winds up we don't want any more brits over here. Or should we make that a good reason? Forced for me. 475. I'm refreshing it again, man. The kind it's refreshing. Better than my armpits, it's a good thing I brought all that far back. 479 we need only 21. We're going to do it, man. We're going to look at it. And you know why you know who we can thank? Oh, see that cruise. Oh yeah. She inspired this tremendous outpouring from the audience. WQM happy new year. Happy new year. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, could I speak to me, please? Speaking right now, I'm speaking. Hey, you guys are talking about the Cubans and Latinos but without us, you guys wouldn't be shins, the United States. Oh, brother, without us. And first of all, don't love the Cubans. It was the right to Latino. Is there a camera that the separation before? Plus we dumped them anywhere. She didn't hear it. Stop referring to his dedicated Latinos. Yeah. And quote with this, all that me or to stuff. U.S. ready to seize Gulf oil in 1973. The U.S. considering using forced to seize oilfield to the Middle East, during an oil and Margo in 1973, quite a British government documents just made public two more pages if you want to. No, no, and we're not doing this anymore. I'm telling you that we're not going to start reading. If we want to put it on the website, fine. I'm serious about that. If you think I'm going to sit here, just because you enjoy it and read these long ponders articles. This isn't the Goddamn Christian science reading room. This is an entertainment show. Okay. And you know what you're up on. You took that poll. And you looked at the results and people saying, oh, talking politics on a talk show is important. And I was saying, yeah, right, right, preaching to the choir would be the understanding of the century. Okay. How many votes are we going to influence? Not 30 man. Yeah, less, less. The only votes we hear about it are ones on a poll. Because we need to get over 500 or else. Let's say 492 492. How do you like that? Yeah. And I'm sitting here getting excited about it. I should be pissed off and fired up. I thought what I started it. Maybe I had a shot. You know what I mean? And another nice week off paid vacation extra week. Chrissy of George, but no, no such luck. I got to call that we dumped. He said, uh, I started with a Cuban stuff and the Latinos and if it wasn't for us, he wouldn't be Schmidt and you wouldn't smell any one have no glass burrs and you wouldn't have no goddamn, uh, what are the colors but in his plantains? Play, you have no plantains in plantations. Why do you look all here? Sports radio 5.62 a UAM. Father of Ilyan meets with his attorney in preparation to take his son back to Cuba. Well, Mr. Gown's allies, how was your trip? Any good guys have fun? Do you have any questions before we go any further? CCC, these box with the pictures. It's in Cuba. What is this? Oh, that's a television. Oh, tell me. Uh, Mr. Lloyd, what does... Why does that mean? Pardon me. Why does that? Well, it means what's up? Like what's going on? Why is that? Right, it's a greeting. Why is that? No, I know that you're uncomfortable being here. This is a very difficult time for you soon. What is this? Oh, this pizza hot, stop, cross, pizza, he's incredible. How does it get the mucks out of the cheese into the crust? I'm not sure. So as I was saying, as I was saying, we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get your home as quickly as possible. Bye, bye, bye. Are you going somewhere, sir? No, I'm missing to the new CD by the boy band in sink with my new Sony disc man. He's incredible. Yes, Mr. Gown's allies, they are quite incredible, but we'll be meeting with the Justin Hunter play and your game for two. You must take me but it ain't no lie, bye, bye, bye. Oh, God, sir, don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba? What are you local? I love it! Then, like 300 channels on cable and I can watch all the getty games. What's sir? Mr. Lloyd, what is it, Mr. Gown's allies? I'm truly a cruising, I'm dead now, but not renapping my buzzer life. I just figured it out or fused. We are fused for 2004 and the many more. You want to know why? Why? Look at the demographics. Now the Cubans, of course, they like bush, they're bush people, and the ones who don't like bush, they at least like CD accrues and her bush. Not as pretty bush. Huh? Not as a suburb or screwed there as far as the liberal, there are no liberal white males. The white males are all the bush people over 60%. The old Jews, their Librum and people, so we've pissed them off. What have we got left? How many people we got left? I've heard a man. That's it. But the good news for you is 516 votes, man. I can't believe that. Did this audience come through or what? Oh, yeah, nice going folks. We didn't take you ahead of any of it. I took CD accrues to do it. The best out of them. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Why do you have to force the U.S. Steel Wormist Rush? W.M. Happy New Year. Job up? W.M. Hey, you. Yes, sir. Yeah, happy New Year to you and George. And the same user. Thank you very much. I don't know why you're picking on the few people after all. They've made highly in Miami. What is this today? Yeah. I just wanted to say like I said, happy New Year to you. Okay, and happy New Year to you and quit with the Ethics Lers. 560, 0560, pound see right off the mat. They see a little opening there. They think it's for serious. Or right away they want to start the anti-cuban thing. And the anti-black thing and the anti-old Jew thing, which is not a bad idea. 560, 0560. I'm curious about that 80 plus of the vision test for the old driver. Oh, and you know what I haven't even talked about, which I'm sure you did. That is James Jail for Jesus. Oh, I did. Yeah, sure. Posted a story about it. I read about that on just one of the Pupy guts on him. How obvious can it possibly be? Right. Here's this family of Crooks and his board again, the liar piece of craft they're your governor, man. You people need mental help that put him back in there. Once they have a prison and optional prison where they can like turn to Jesus, what do you mean wants to? It's happening as we speak. You have to be kidding me. No, no, it's a done deal. It's a done deal. 800 member prison and what they're doing is the prisoners that don't want to be part of that are going to be relocated to make room for the prisoners who do want to be on. And so what what prison that we send to Jews to is a good thing myor landscape's did. Rayford. Oh, man. Like the Chinese like to say boys and girls, it's a glacier belt, especially in Florida. Especially when you're your leaders, names are all boots. God. 500 and some odd votes. I can't believe it. 518. Like I said, if we don't get 600 votes. WQM Happy New Year. Happy New Year, man. This is your obkist. I want to know why has an any NFL team interviewed a Cuban for a head coaching session. Excellent point. I'm standing. We're going to start an investigation right now. That was the best. We have a serious ethics slur in there on the part of the National Football League and the National Hockey League. How many go to Israel there except for many Fernandez, whatever, in all those names with a played for Dallas. I don't think he was Cuban. Whatever. It's something something to speak. Excellent point. We ought to get all of our sports shows. Forget about one stat and about crying over spilled milk. It's about the Huraculges slip by a girl's team and one New Orange ball on a crap. Let's get on the important stuff. Let's get a good, viral, Cuban NFL coach. What do you say? We'll get the big O in the case. In fact, I say the big O for a golfing head coach. Take off those checkered pants. Hey, did you look at the first place where your next household repairs, man? You should come to the right joint where the service is totally smoking. Yeah, and I come to stone depot. Welcome you stay on deeper, dude. How may I like it? Help you in what not? Yeah, I need some PVC pipe. Oh, sure. Oh, like this one, man. What? What manager? Some people's a great-ness of chop, man. If you enjoy wandering up a down the eyes, you know, to see how many parties you commit in a large out of the gym. Excuse me, sir. I noticed you're not looking what you're going with that huge fart. Oh, you speak the truth. Put in my defense on it. You just smoke the biggest bowl of history of calling, but and you're harshing my buzz. I've stolen deeper associates. Well, later, whatever you come through the door, and it creates customer dude. Yeah. I was here last night and asked you for eight, three quarter inch nails. And you gave me three, eight quarter inch nails. So you can back to take me. Those next week. Don't be bold. We're the only thing higher than our prices. They're employees. Yeah, you all pay for your plastic bro. Don't forget our poll question that I can't ask us much, Joe George or St. Nick Rues. Could one to be two, which five, 60 W to Q away. It's tough. It's a tough one. Yeah, the tough choice. 527 votes. But I shocked the crap out of you or why you said I'm quoting directly. You said no chance. Right. Right. We're like about 10 minutes to one and you said no chance. We had like whatever we had three, four, you know, then you started ripping Celia. That did it. So that's going to be the new format for this is just an experimental show today. We're just dicking around a little bit to see what the audience really wants. They want four hours of Celia cruise bashing all day every day. Yeah. And we can apply. You've got all the songs there, don't you? All of them somewhere. Somewhere I'm over the arena. I have all this here, too. Got a whole batch of Celia. 567560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We got what's his name? Curtis David. It was a great American. He's coming up for the mad dog. And that's was the mad dogs on the S and of a six and a half month vacation. And then we got Celia on game night is a real treat for the hockey fans out there. How many are there? I turned me. Melda on game night with an hour long torture was preview of the a panther game. Panthers got 35 points. They're like hanging in there. Thanks to Bobby Longo. If you don't make like 40 50 great saves every game to get the rest kick, but nevertheless, the youngsters in the organization and Rick Thutley's to Lakosh because he works cheap. Panther preview was 430. The Panthers and the flyers at five could be extraordinarily ugly and ever know. The festival Kansas State Ohio State with without that sparks a quarterback at 8 o'clock. Any K at midnight and the ESPN video overnight. And we're here in at their rumors about somebody. And you tell me before to show you her lot of rumors you spoke to him in about 34C and her lot of crap. He's got man cow disease. WCWM happy new year. How's that? Leader Hoseau. Okay. 205 205 we're gonna play Celia Cruz all afternoon here in my studio. Go sit here and have a festival of Celia Cruz festival in my pantaloonies. It'll be festive. It will be very festive and gay. 5 670 560, Pomp 560, Boy. Can't wait to go to lunch. I don't know. I'm just gonna see today. Maybe I'm gonna tell you me. But if you, I was to bet that it was Friday. Even though I know it is on the calendar here. I just can't believe it. No, I don't feel like it. It is so unfriety. It's all the way around Monday. God. Is it to seem like Monday? Sure. Seems like Saturday to me. Sunday morning. Saturday, Sunday, Monday. How's Apollo need to do it by the way. 5 6 7. Oh, I didn't take it the best part of the whole deal. Well, so on the flight over to Amsterdam from Toronto we take a 777. You ever farm one of those? No sir. That's the brand new big wide. The big wide one. Okay. Now I will say this. I don't know. It was no big deal. All the way to those. Those things are fast as hell. At one point we were going 677 a few miles an hour. Paul and Anne. All right. Like riding a catalach in the sky. But the best part of is the on board entertainment thing. Not only do you have your little TV monitor, but unlike like coming back, it was like an MD 11 old fashion crap and just have a few select movies in the the mat to watch to stare at. But this thing had like about, oh, I don't know, a whole bunch of movies. Not a lot of men including all three godfathers. And he just punched him. Whatever ahead games and just all kinds of crap. So even though you might die up there in the sky one of these days, all the pinning on the crap that's going on in the world, you're going to have a great time way to do it though. What a way to go. Watching the godfathers. And guess what? I don't ask me why. I don't know what. There were all these other movies on there. Many of which I hadn't seen, but I see the godfather. I just can't, I can't escape, but I can't turn it off. And as I'm sitting there watching it in my mind, I'm doing the the dialogue. You know, and I'm right like Rocky Horror, you're doing the movie. You're doing it. WQM happy new year. See the whose line? Bad phone. There was CD a column from the box. WQM CD a cruise line. Yeah. And back to you. Mr. Rogher. See, really a cruise is to us. What Mary Lin Monroe and Joe Dimaggio were to the American people. Oh my god. Oh, what gold the man here was to the. So please, she looked a little bit like your manager. And beside that, he used to play centerfield for the Habana team and baseball. Be more advantage sugarcings. He used to be a very good centerfield. So don't you, yeah. Please. Okay, me go. I'll stick to your meters. 560560 all this CD a cruise bash. You man, it sounds to me like a very definitely unemericant. Which we like 567. Look at that. Something in 52 tomorrow. Ha ha. Wait, you're hard outcast, you know, but that's week. It's going to be freezing here, though. And that's probably why I'm coming back very soon. 533 votes. Are you ready for that? What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003? Rush Limbaude drug addiction. 175. How can I not the one Rush? You lying funny bastard? Arnold, the girlfriend had a reluctant governor of California. One for 15. Oh, and let me stay this to you, too. You know how this story came out about how he was allegedly getting blackmailed by Wilma the maid and all of the Southern crap and her husband. Let me ask you something. How come it took so long for them to make up? I mean for them to do a come forward with that story. See what I'm saying? Yeah. If he was really getting blackmailed, why did he say that right out of the box? He thought it went off for detox. There were negotiating. Is that it? Yeah, there were playing Pinochle with a negotiator. 159 votes for the group and later elected governor of California. Michael Jackson arrested 87 and he was sure beaten up and brutalized wasn't it? No. The Kobe Bryant rape case 54 Martha Stewart inside of trading. Trostarts judge. Anyway, 20 second for those who care 15. Strong thermons love child 15. Periscillent sex tape 10. See, I don't understand why anybody would want to see her doing anything. She's so gross, so skanky. Now the guy, what was his name? Rick Solomon. I don't know. Got to get him, spec. Madonna and Brittany TV kiss eight. Roy Horne, all by the tiger's got six. Roy. Ben and look at the bottom two. They aren't moving man. They're not changing. I love it. Ben and J. Low wedding has been stuck on three for hours. How many hours? I'm 30 man and Rosie O'Donnell lawsuit. He finally got another 70 votes. He's got a pair. A big fat ugly smelly pair, but that's it. How to 534 votes. That's a beautiful thing. 560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. I can actually say I must enjoy it being here today. Almost almost almost seats. Not over yet. WQAM. Like I said, almost WQAM happy new year. Pretty good. Just real quick. You don't want to stay. Should talk to Loras on. What station doctor, Laura is on? Yeah. Because all the time with this. Oh, this asshole wants to know where they're. Now they took her ass off the air because she couldn't find an audience that had got the info booth. We don't know what she's not. We don't care. And plus the last thing they needed was another right wing talk host on IOD on Cheat Channel. And sure enough, they got another tap or reject. Glenn Beck rhymes with Drek and schmeck. Anyway, that's going to do it. This was okay today, you know, and preason. It was just reason and a preason. It will be soon. And I'll be back. Tell Mobyte, I'm going to like dress all up for him when I come back. I'm going to I hope he does his might grudge a hat every day. And we can like do it like a fashion contest between me and the M.O. Myster. I got to sell you cruise wig. You can wear. All right. All right. I can't wait. In fact, I might just go do an appearance in it. Anyway, we got Curtis Stevenson coming up next time. We're going to Haka Chinak with hockey for hours and hours until you pukier guts out. Bye bye. Bye bye. I'm glad you're sure. I'm glad you're doing it. You can wear. I'm going to wear it again. Tell me what's wrong with that.