Hey Martin, warm and how you doing baby. Rudolph, yes. Dr. Mangala Joseph Mangala. Yes, curable. Joseph Gervals. Who might even not? Heinrich, did you say, Hitler? Heinrich Himmer. I told you Hitler. Fascism is alive and well in America. This is what you like. You follow the censorship that's going on. If all your favor people being yanked off the radio, if this is what you like, then by all means vote for the Bush-Mister in his Nazi van of lunatics again in 2004. But if you don't want no mole, I'd say I get him out. When in Daft, voter month before it's too late, before we don't have no more elections. Howard Steer dropped from Fair Channel stations. So, evidently they ran the old Paul and young Ron on the simul case this morning. Being creative as they are cheap channel. And of course their boy, John Hogan, not the driver from Palmono Park. John Hogan is a testifying before Congress that is just a coincidence that cheap channel has been firing everybody in sight now banning Howard from their six stations. The good thing for a stern, at least for the time being, is that cheap channel only hit him on six stations all across the country. The bad thing for the people in South Florida, like the Howard Stern Show is, South Florida was one of them. Along with Orlando and Rochester and San Diego and Pittsburgh and Louisville. I guess brother weasel probably pretty happy across the lake, you know. I reckon. No more Howard, at least for the time being in the rumor that we're hearing it again, just a rumor. You can't always count on rumors just like that bogus information we got yesterday about WK18 on that bankruptcy crap. When you get a rumor, George considered the source. Okay, I know I'm sure. And just say, oh yeah, sure, whatever you say. In their KT is alive and well, they're pumping out the classical hits in, they're doing just fine. Okay, so disregard that please. And as far as all these other rumors, well, that's exactly what they are. That you won't be hearing Howard Stern on big no-mo. They haven't only hit a big staff meeting over there this morning. But there sales department and told him, well, where we're going to do is keep the old huh? Yeah, good luck to there. Old young, whatever they are, Ron and Paul stay over there. Everybody else is material on big and then find a new morning show for Zeta and Howard by by. Hey, Howard by by. Absolutely. A wrong Howard. Radio station giant clear channel communications said yesterday was dumping nationally syndicated Shokjok Howard Stern from its stations under Ray News zero tolerance policy toward indecency. In dropping Stern from its six radio outlets, the Kariya show, cheap channel said it is interview on Tuesday with Rick Solomon, the man who was filmed having sex with hotel Iris and TV reality star Parasultman a video widely distributed on internet porn sites. According to the transcript of the show released by San Antonio Texas based cheap channel, Stern asked Solomon if he engaged in anal sex and referred to the size of his penis. Then a caller asked Rick Solomon, ever bang a famous nigger chick, what do they smell like watermelons? And that was it. Now keep in mind by the way, this to me is the most damning thing about the whole deal. Keep in mind that they've been using ever since the big eat it came down. They've been using four dump buttons and a 90 second delay in addition to which I'm sure that each individual station has got its own dump button correct. So that means they have at least five opportunities to dump something if it goes over to line. Is there any question that that stuff would over line? No, no, not not out of the curtain atmosphere. No, so somebody along the line, in fact, all four or maybe five of those people or whole bunch of them ought to have been candid immediately if not sooner. Anyway the action against Stern came at a after cheap channel fired Florida radio personality above the love sponge after federal regulators accused them of varying sexually graphic material on tapas W.S. TV FM and three other Florida stations. Stern to New York Bay show a syndicated by Infinity Broadcasting a unit of Viacom, which also owns TV State and that works CBS and MTV in fin of the operates 185 radio station Martin Lekha said most of the big markets. It's infinity like in New York course, K-rock. And L.A. in Chicago and Boston and the markets like that. So it's really a South Florida and Lekha said Orlando, Rochester San Diego Pittsburgh Louisville small potatoes. That for the time being dropped Stern. A spokesman for Infinity was not immediately available for a comet of Icon spokesman to Klein comet. Neither Stern's agent nor producers of his show immediately available. We got some quotes from what Howard said on the other morning. My Compresident Mel Carmason reportedly is imposed a crackdown on sexually a pleasant material on infinity stations, declaring an recent company-wide conference call. This company won't be a poster child for indecency. At least not no more anyway. The action against Stern came after cheap channel announced what cheap operating officer Mark Mays was an anxious excuse for a human being called a zero tolerance policy toward material deemed violation of federal decency standards for broadcasting. Their channel drew a line in the sand that they would regard a protecting our listeners from indecency and Howard's steering show blew right through it. Keep channel radio president John Hogan said in his statement. It was vulgar, offensive, and insulting, not just to women in African Americans but to anyone with a sense of condescency, said Hogan was in the fourth-raise at Pompano. The San Antonio-based company, the largest US radio station operator with more than 1,200 outlets which of course is of scene in itself. Incredible a men contracts with all-on-air personalities told this doc he's financially responsible for indecency and comments on air. The policy changes are to latest taken in broadcasts which would rest desensy concerns following the February 1st, CBS telecast of the Super Bowl halftime show The Big Flap. As Janet Jackson's right-brace was mostly exposed not entirely enough online TV to get everybody whipped up into a state of frenzy. Hogan said if a DJ is gone to be in violation of FCC rules there be no appeals, no intermediate steps if that they break the law by broadcasting indecency material they will not work for a cheap channel he said. Hogan and other broadcast executives of course just coincidentally are testifying today before Congress above broadcast status. It's just a coincidence that they can't bump at us but earlier in a week and that they dumped Howard off their six stations yesterday. Martin Haaj, a media analyst with Thomas Wiesell said he doubted that the movement have much financial impact on cheap channel given that it curates during show and just six markets. He also predicted that other stations in the six markets with pick-up students program will be quite profitable for a smaller company he said. The only problem with that being of course that in the South Florida market keep channel and talks in the beastly owned just about every station on the dial and is any of them going to put him on the air? I sure can see it. Can you? I can't see anything. You've blinded by the light on blinded by the right. I see blinded by the right is I keep trying to tell you folks this is only the beginning this is what they have in mind they're taking away all your choices of and the excuse being and nobody with a brain believes it to they are the excuse being all that was about that put us over the edge that breastens it that they're on a right. Oh please. I'm sure glad they're protecting us from incency because you know we to always all like that. Alright let's give the poll result from yesterday we got a lot of fish to fry today. Bob and time are proland back to the knuckle and off the air thank goodness because they're great but they're pulling back. 20, 247 votes on yesterday's poll. Where do you stand? On George W. Bush's proposal to pass a constitutional amendment banning game marriage. That's the important stuff right now in it. Oh yeah. I'm all for GAY staff to write to Mary, a thousand eighty eight forty eight point four percent. I care about the issue with divisive have 179. I'm against gay marriage by McGinsett and amendment. 336 14.9 percent and I agree with the Bush myster 244 that's only 10.8 percent. Pretty lame out of almost 2300 votes only 10.8 percent would you say I would I would say. Now here's today's poll that was going to be like kind of wallpaper behind everything else that's going on today. You know what I mean? No what do you mean? I mean the audience will fill in a bunch of choices on here but there's a whole heavy play we got a big plate to to look. What was the absolute worst movie at last 15 years? Now the reason I had 10 years and I changed it I'll be honest with it. I changed it because I want it the real reason I did this poll is because I wanted to change the rip center of a woman again. And I looked it up in my book and it comes to find out it was 92 so you know so I made it 15 years. The absolute worst movie last 15 years sent a woman six degrees of separation or the Blair Witch project those are the only three that were put on in the beginning. George thought 60 degrees of separation was just garb I yeah what he said but I think Blair Witch will win. Do you? I do. I see and of course the passion of the Christmak had a few votes on there too but when I could put that on there until somebody suggested some you know it's amazing how some of the networks are finding these these suckups to come on and say oh yes what I was really a very magnificent and it was a poignant and a bro of course the one woman in Kansas City she or where but that wasn't Kansas or was it the woman that crowed I think wasn't Kansas. No it wasn't Kansas for was the witcher talk she's not going to be laughing about it too much or enjoying it because she's dead she had a heart attack and she died we'll get to that the Lord called her home is that what it was her tire and I'm sure she's in a better place now there's a witcher talk there's there any quick out almost any place to be a better place than it was a talk let's see we'll get to this fact in a second we had to do the break and we got to get into this new poem we got to boil the Bob and Tom story and the dead lady at the movie and Mel Gibson's a jackass etc and so on ice going error Michael Paul you idiot and the FCC a bunch of little takes a lot of maturity we're gonna just read uh... you're gonna talk real nice from now on i mean if it's anywhere near the line if it's even close if it like uh... rhymes with the word doody like beauty but what about now at rhymes with who do you know that's right so do you do the in cut the crap from an accept your tenet five sixty w q ms the last mortgage will ever need friends it's the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are absolutely incredibly pay zero closing costs zero application fees zero credit bureau fee and zero discounted points get yourself that new low interest rate of just one point two five percent if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only three hundred thirty four bucks a month if you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan you pay only sixty eight a month and don't forget once you're be finance or get you that new home mortgage from financial group you will never ever pay closing cost again if you want all the information about a call their new tool free number one eight six six three nine five land get the low rate mortgage a deserve and then move to a nice property with no further cost of expensive pay zero underwriting fees zero dot fees zero closing cost even any move to another property get that new low rate financing a just one point twenty five percent with the only one mortgage from finance of group for the tales call this tool free number like I said never pay closing cost again one eight six six three nine five land that's financial group one eight six six three nine five L E N D the Renequil housing lender restrictions do apply rates up to change monthly four point two one APR were you drudge packin Abino in Sex in the city crack Now Tony's alone he's been picked out of our house He stuck his hand in some other broads. Wow. Oh my god Hey, he commits crime sometimes takes a life might even put a hit out on his wife on the planet Gentlemen's the plan was bit right. Oh, it was very mild That's the kind of stuff we're gonna be playing ten 18 at five 16 W to Q. I am here's the facts from That's really pissed off and fired up. It's as I am so effing sickness FCC censorship But diversion. I just don't get it nobody has a right to watch television listen to the radio We'd paper, et cetera. Yeah, now you're starting to get it just like operating motor vehicle entertainment is a privilege So what's gonna happen to your life if you don't listen to radio because you think it's offensive How will not listening adversely affect the quality of life or some crucial bit of that of the overlooked or missed of course not and don't drag the children of this argument I don't have any kids. Why should I have to be responsible for your children? The fascist Republican more or less maniacs of acting like it's an entitlement of course They supposedly against entitlements. It's not if you don't like the programming just block the channel from your TV That's what I do to Fox News MSNBC all the other propaganda stations I find them offensive so those channels don't exist in my house better yet just throw away the TV and radio spent time with your family If you're so damn concerned about family values He does have god damn but we're not saying that anymore. It's less time on sin if you're so damn concerned about family values This is just a euphemism for justifying hate and then he says the reason Howard is our third channel is because the past two days He's been blasting Bush and his ilk saying he's got to go. I love glad the Howard finally caught on but maybe a little bit too late at least for the people in South Florida Because he was sucking up to the bush might what did I say when you suck up to the devil man You get the tail in the post. That's what you get and that's what he got by the way Let's see here a little bit about what it's Howard said this morning I'm sure we'll have some spy reports people listen on the internet Yeah, Stern expressed a measure of frustration on his show today, which is still being carried on stations owned by a rival radio network that distributes his show to major markets nationwide being infinity I'm not even sure I would talk of us should talk about he said here to begin to be a show I could blow my stack. I'm trying to be cryptic. He said later. Tell you the truth. I don't know what's going on I don't even know what's going on this so afraid of me and what this show is represents the thing I just don't like about clear channel being forced to suspend me. It makes it seem like I did something wrong on Tuesday They're being forced to say that I did something wrong a collar called and use the inward and I hung up on him I'm so tired of this said Howard sperm He's tired of it and of course those are everybody else But like I said there are two things you can't afford to be is know what I said yesterday in this business now stubborn and stupid either one stubborn and stupid and if you're both it's a bad combination So in other words if that paycheck if you need the cash now Howard don't need the cash He's a multi-month-time multimedia in there he can tell them all the screw off sure And if I were in that position I would do exactly the same I'd say well, you know This is any fun anymore because we have to like dance around the edges of everything Although I said to the fun part is Being able to be here every day blasting these fascists and at least we mean one of very few voices in a wilderness who still is doing that So if that's all we do from now till Whatever we can do it no more. I'm gonna do it right on end tell it on the mountain I'm gonna tell it on the mount march it on watching it Naturally syndicated radio talk show host Bob Kavoy and in Tom Griswell Bob and Tom have made a career out of saying naughty things on here It says here but from now on they say they're gonna be on good behavior and aren't we all you bet Griswell co-host of the Bob and Tom show her done more than 130 station city has no intention of Testing a zero tolerance rule on indesan sea issue yesterday by clear champ communications which owned the show's flag substation Indianapolis WFVQ We're gonna do a show that a soccer mom can listen to with their kids in the car Griswell told the Indianapolis star for a story today Resual the Kavoy and Bob and Tom have built a reputation based on humor and music late with sexual in Youendo and off color references They've incurred one FCC penalty in more than 20 years of broadcasting and they're sure was the target of a 1985 advertising boycott by a group called Thee sencian broadcast right Griswell said it's difficult to judge what is a resorted separable by tracking material Let's draw and finds the rules are very vague. He said in the course he is I'm not gonna take the chance of being anywhere near the line. We pulled way way back save all of them And the excuse for all of us I mean life was going on or here's one says the manga was good I told it leaves with a roll over and played dead last night and I was right at La Landro three shutouts and four games He's the best it says too bad. They were mostly leaf fans there and again about 30 panther fans Not there on Phoebe tickets from subway He says not gonna get too excited about chance for a playoff till a string a few more games together Also wanted to let you know that you're good buddy Randy motor supply to great drop last night after colic second goal moller said What's his name you're you're a you're eyes out on a full-exam I don't want to read you're I am and it also says the FCC and clear channel below this is bright right on Brian And of course the background for all of this the backdrop Radio giant clear champ communications yesterday announced there's zero tolerance policy Designed to keep in decent material out of broadcast on its 1200 to survey your stations This of course coming the day before John Hogan the executive is gonna be testifying before cameras on radio and decency And if you expect like I said before your comrades people if you expect Democrats anybody else is gonna stand up for freedom of choice and for people freedom of broadcasts You're dreaming It happened The difference being that at least when we had Clinton in there and somebody who wasn't to the right of a till the Han and at least they had other priorities before we had Michael Powell Roland Cole and son in there had not the fascist unity Joseph Durbel's FCC Clear channel is serious about helping it right of course mean time clear channel has been raping the industry They got over 1200 stations They've taken away all the choices already basically because every market you hear the same damn people Now the only difference being that the ones that you like you're not gonna hear them in certain markets like South Florida Third channel is serious about helping address derising tide of indecency on the area's mark maze President and chief operating officer send the statement as broadcast licensees were fully responsible for what our stations air And we tend to make sure all our DJs and programmers understand what is and what is not appropriate a good luck to your mark maze because nobody understands Nobody knows the trouble we see the The policy will include company-wide training possible fines against DJs automatic suspensions for anyone accused by the FCC of violating indesans He rules on a year On Tuesday Third channel announced that it agreed to fire up that it agreed now that's interesting You heard the wording of that careful. It's great listen It agreed to fire a popular Tampa Florida radio talk show host known as Bubba love sponge after the sightings ranchy show Didn't fit its standards But within just put them on again say listen don't do this no to that right in a can you and no they just agreed to fire him Who'd like your whole take the company said their contracts with honor performers are being modified to ensure that DJs Share financial responsibility if they broadcast in decent material CEO John Hogan said from now on every contract that clear channel enters into with honor your telomal clothe's provision While that won't relieve clear channel from our responsibilities abroad cast license see we believe will have significant deterred effect And there you go So the beco's on man and like I said you can take your radio your TV your pop up toast your put them all in the swimming pool Okay, you're using his ornaments in the pool. You know like the rubber duckie you can just put your TV and radio in there too You watch the floor around build something nice out of it like a fort because this fascist government is trying to take away all your choices boys and girls And like I said in fact, you know I'm gonna do what do you gonna do? Well, I say I know I have it here somewhere. I'm sure I must have that cable TV thing that I promised I would read every day and I haven't been doing that Oh, here it is. Hey, put up cable may also be targeted and fight against TV and decency Mom makers week ago Wednesday raise the prospect of expanding the fight against indecency on TV to cable networks for the first time Reformers who focus on network TV are missing 85% of the story said the anxious Michael Paul because 85% of Americans dug at their TV programming from cable and satellite TV Congress would have to change rules governing the FCC before the commission could expand It's oversight of cable TV because cable to say subscription service that doesn't use the public airwaves and historically has been out of the FCC's jurisdiction but But in the aftermath of the Super Bowl half time show Congress may be willing to give FCC greater authority over cable Oh my god wow and then we had a story yesterday about MTV and are cutting back on this and cutting this out and Take these things off their playlist You talk about freedom of speech man. It's ancient history in America Our the internet though still I'm regulated which is why we put as much growth and perversion on there So possibly can a good taste of course of course like today's lovely picture of Tiffany Amber Thesen nothing filthy about that It's not a long whole right She never stole a freight train nope, so there's timber Number Anthony whatever name is she's on it. These and Well these and the lemon see there he goes There he goes and I know exactly what you had in mind when you said these and those Perverted yes, I do I had the Bible and the he doesn't get a Josh He doesn't get a Josh will be handling the rest of the show for the rest of the year George is going to rehab Pony mouth rehab. Oh look at this I close her look at the new focus on decency and the latest on the newly released film passions of the cry There you go. Well, at least at least it's a third subject now. Okay. Howard Stern off clear channel passions a Christ and no Fag Marriages That's America for you 1027 at five 60 WM if you want to get away from it all enjoy yourself and have some fun Pompo Park is hosting its biggest night erasing for the entire season this Saturday for board 28 It's the Ile Capri night. It's a track headline by the hundred and sixty thousand dollar final of the Ile Capri pacing series But that's not the only action on the track Saturdays program has got these 75 thousand dollar Maclo bell trotting series final and The fifty thousand dollar red bow tie invitation and the first four thousand fans of the track Saturday starting at 6 p.m. We're gonna free Ile paste t-shirt There'll be free vacation drawings for trip to the Ile Capri Casinos in both the Luxemes of Sippy and our Lucia on Grand Bahama Island a free family fun night Live music to and this Friday night for board 27th is in tomorrow There'll be a money machine at the track and fans can enter for free to win a chance to grab a thousand dollars in cash and betting vouchers I'll throw out the night easy to get to Pompo Park just to have a mile from both I-95 and the turnpike and Pompo Park features free admission free general parking every single day Live harness racing in the poke room open every Monday Wednesday Thursday like tonight Friday and Saturday Pompo Park Poker starts at noon goes on the midnight live racing gets underway tonight and the night least 705 p.m So if you want to have a blast, this is a place to do a big weekend coming up at Pompo Park for more info call at 972-2000 or go online at Pompo Park dot com no To Dr T No We are so worried, dangerous, we will kill you and we will make up Jesus. We will win this win, say, not as we do. The world's the base, the world of fashion fighters. The world's the base, the light of the world's the night, said. The world's the base, the light of the night, said. The world's the base. The world's the base. 1033 at 560WQM. Here's the fact that says, I hope you are not next to be suspended. Not ain't going to happen like I said, we're not going to be stubborn or stupid. If you were, we can always hear a mix of your material and how are you material on that God-alphorbond and Paul show. The tailor that last year is Machi-Bry. It says, for Gidband Lodman-Sutham, this FCC is the biggest threat we have going on. 27, and I can enjoy a G-Dam chuckle in the morning. You see how did they? Because of a group of old parts, they're deciding what I can't cancel. And this is Charles and Fort Lauderdale Beach. Sorry, Charlie. Gosh darn it. Gosh dang it. Those are dead. Gosh darn whatever it is. I mean, this has gone so far that nobody even yours truly, nobody could have ever imagined the hysteria, the psychosis. And of course, the best part of the whole deal is that the FCC now is said, well, there's no such thing as community standards. It's nationwide. It's what the average adult will be offended by and find whatever. And we'll decide what that is. Right. So another one that's a code for, that's code for. We'll make it up as we go along. We'll build this big gigantic highway. We won't put any speed limit signs on it. And we'll decide, depending on how many tickets we want to write. And how much havoc we want to create. And how much paranoia we want to instill in the public. We'll decide what the speed limit is. After you decide how fast you're going to try driving. Yeah, if we like your car or a car. Right. Or if we like your altitude. Or not. WDQA. Hello. Good morning. I'm going to tell you how are you. Okay. I can know what I find Howard Stern offensive. But I do something really revolutionary. Yeah. I don't listen. Right. Why is it? I mean, I find Rush Wimbledon offensive. But when are they calling the plug on his show? Oh, that'll never happen. Well, I don't know. I've all done drugs. That's a different. If somebody said, you know, tries to do a humor for adults. That's bad. But if somebody is a pill popper and a hypocrite in the liar and just makes up crap on the ears, he goes along. That's okay because he's singing the company line. Who are they kidding? I don't understand where you're freedom. Well, freedom. Where you're freedom of choice begins and ends. I mean, I don't like certain kinds of ice cream and I just don't eat them. I mean. Well, that's okay because if these people, if these Nazis have, if it's up to them, there will only be a couple of whatever kind they like. Because you only can't you'll be able to eat anywhere. I think I get really frightened to see where when my choice is begin and actually ends. If I don't like something, I don't listen to it. If they're trying to protect the children well, you know, how it turns on when the children should be at school and then you've got dinner problems and what they're listening to. Your kids are able to listen to Howard's turn in the morning and not be at school. You've got something else you should be dealing with. Right. So I don't understand who they're protecting what, you know, that's from. Our, our, how it's been on the year for out of no 20 30 years, at least, uh, as indicated for many years now. And I don't see that people are jumping off tall buildings or committing suicide or going out and raping women because how it's turned as adult humor and just like Bob and Tom are at this show and the other show that's on here that tries to, you know, appeal to it at adult mentality. We can't do that anymore. So the person who said, from now on, pretend you're talking to 70 year old children, that's what we've all been reduced to. Well, good gosh. I'm going to have to go wash my mouth out with soap. I'll have to get your socks on and get the Clarks out. Well, have a good day, Neil, and you too. Keep up the good work. See you at the border. Bye. Bye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. See, it's called freedom of choice. And of course, that whole religion thing pretty soon, you all be able to choose on that. If you didn't like passion of the Christ, which most of the reviewers ripped it in ass. Uh, well, then it's too bad. You've got to like it. And if you don't believe in Jesus, guess what, you better start believing right now because Easter is coming pretty damn soon. And pretty what's a pretty damn soon. Damn soon. Sooner than you think. WCWM hello. Yeah, just down. Yes, sir. Okay, have a nice day. WCWM hello. QAM. QAM. My heartbeat. WCWM hello. Oh, yes. I'd like to speak with Neil. Speaking. Neil Rogers. Neil, that's me. Yes. Oh, I'm thirsty. I'd like to recognize your voice. But we only have one Neil working here that I know of. Okay. We have several Ios and Hose's and Jorge's and Jorge's but right. Go ahead. I wanted to talk about the nonsense with the FCC and my sound. I just think it is unbelievable that they are including on everything these days. Yeah. For some reason, this president has decided that we should have a constitutional amendment with regard to the famous right. But for some reason, when he was elected without the popular vote, there wasn't a human cry from the liberals or anybody else. They should have. There should have been. That's the problem is that they so call liberals are a bunch of pussy's who sit back and they allow themselves to be run rough shot over and this is what we have right now. They should have. They should have been screaming bloody murder. But they didn't. They rather spirit a little bit than they rolled over and played dead like they usually do. It absolutely and I and by the way, I don't agree with many of the things with the liberal side. Or the conservatives I'd like to think that I have an open mind. But when it comes to social issues and our bedroom and what we can listen to and what is decent or not decent, I don't need big brother to tell me or anybody else. I mean basically what this amounts to is they're rolled in the clock back about 56 to years. I mean this isn't just reactionary. This is insanity. It really isn't. I'm just shocked by the entire thing and then clear channel. I don't know anything about clear channel. But they take them all the air even though he hasn't been fine for any of the things they're taking them all the air for. Well, it's just a coincidence I guess that their CEO has to testify in front of Congress today about the agency in the media. I guess that's just a coincidence and also the fact they fired Bubba to love Spongebob and John Monday. I don't know Bubba the lot of stuff. He's a camping that really racy rachi show but he's been here a long time. Tampa still functioning. The city still moving along and then that's what we got now. Who are they don't want on here to express their viewpoint that they're not going to be on here. Right. If you don't like the guy. Turn them off. Right. Thanks so much. Good luck. You're all good luck to us all. Twenty till 11 at 5. Fifty QAM. Don't forget now, Big Sail on a hip boots this weekend. A hit on your head. This is for 20 or 5 seconds. You weigh in. If you're a skin-to-head or lots of premises, you know that the forces pulling this brings in the government are closing down and all those great websites we've become a custom to. Well, we still have the US Postal Service to rely on. So now is the time to join the Nazi of the month club. For just eight, nine and out of month, you get the complete history of one prominent Nazi past represents the particular group C. Hates and any subversive activity they may be planning. So no matter what the race religion or ethnic group you hate, not the of the month is right up your alley. Just call 1-800-P&H order. Order today and get your very own synthetic A-L-F-Mustak to impress your friends. Absolutely free. That's 1-800-P&H order today. 1045 and 560 WQAM get that goose step and thing going on big time. 45-D-B angle for that arm you'll fit right in. And you order that little mustache to paste on. They'll never know the difference. I got a protractor just to make sure I get the right angle. Look at that we got 56 votes on Q56. We haven't added too many movies just the Mexican. I'm one of these facts. The worst positively absolutely most gross test movie to last the 15 years. You're right, Blair Witch Project 38. Nobody will touch it. Six degrees of separation nine set of old men six, the Mexican tree. Those humans we got so far, you'll add some more. I'm sure in between all of our history and frustration. Vicky facts is in says, I guess the only thing left to say is they've won shaking my head sadly. Remember that time we're a butterfly shaking my head sadly? Mm-hmm. With his right. Another gay female listener says, I love your show. I prayed the dog. Those evil bastard don't mess with you and your show. I work at UM and listen to you on a web stream. I don't know what I would do without your voice of reason in my head phones. I live in constant fear that big brother or sister is watching, and I made those access to your webcast. Please pray for me. We certainly will. Lousy movie she says, the Mexican sucks. I'll pee as I'm boycotting cheap sale, Ron, and what's his name suck to. Ha ha ha ha. Oh boy, there's enough a lot of that going around. I'm not really sure we can say that anymore. Can we? I guess we're probably going to. And what about? They're not good. See, it won't even play it. Wow, I had it that few times. Even my machine here, my computer is re-belling. It's already getting reprogrammed. I think it's God. By the Coropant here. Five six. We gotta get some more movies on us. Plus I'm sure a lot of people got many things to say because they woke up this morning. The Scarby young. He was right. He wasn't just getting carried away. He wasn't fun on us. He wasn't exaggerating. He was right. The the fashes have taken over. You got the radio police, the word police, the Gustav in police, the gay marriage police, the gay walking police, the pot police, it's a police state baby. Make no mistake about it. You got the cover up the movies police. They're led by John Ascroft. How do you do? Hello. Yes sir. Can I speak to Georgia or perhaps you can help me? Looking for that one number for a ticket defense team? 1-800. 1-800-741-832-6. 741-832-6. 838-6. Got it. Thank you very much. You bet. See you in no problem. There are the best ticket defense team. There's another example. Of course the radar police. They're sitting back at a bush waiting to get your ass. WDQA and hello. Yeah I wanted to talk to Neil. Speaking. Neil. Yes sir. I wanted to ask you something. Go ahead. Hello. I'm listening. How come they, the you feel that showing all this violence is okay. But showing a naked women is going to be so different mental to us. But you see pandering to the morality of the religious right to fundamentalist lunatics in this country. They don't really care all that much about violence. Otherwise they wouldn't be schlepping to see the pact of the Christ in this situ and a half hour crucifixion that goes on and all the blood in the guts. They would be concerned about something like that. But you have sex is always the tool that they use if I can say that. That's always the lever. Oh, sex and no. No to the end. It's just pathetic that America just refuses to grow up. But I know in your feet they have all this nudity here and they don't have over the blood over the air channels. You see everything you can imagine and nobody gets hysterical about it and they don't have nearly as much rape there as we do and what can I tell you? Well, it's scary when I turn the radio on and I saw who was off the air today. I said, boy Neil was right. Yep. And they're still working on it. Believe me. Oh boy. What a border man. All right. Cucket Passport Tight. 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlust Line. If you were sleeping in this morning Howard Stern take it off fair channel stations, luckily for Howard he was only on six of their stations. But one of them of course big in South Florida. WBGG who, uh, and of course this morning with a really. They simultaneously cast Ron and, uh, whatever the house name is. You know, it's told that the people in the building who didn't know what was going on. Yeah. And, uh, they were not believing me like I was fun and they said they simultaneously Ron and young Paul old Paul and young Ron, whatever the hell they're show is. Castor over on INZ on Wednesday. Zeta, rather INZ FM Zeta and on, uh, big. So again, when cheap channel, this is what I keep telling you when you have a handful of companies button up all radio stations, we have a got a Chinatmance chance. And, you know, cheap channel I'm delighted that they find you. I hope you have to pay the 755 grand. I'm ecstatic because here's another classic example. Just like Howard, the same thing bending over backward to suck up to the right wingers. Did it do many good? No. Because they didn't bend over far enough, I guess. Unbelievable. All right, wing all day. It would be like them finding fox millions and all as fox news. Biting the hand of their friends. They don't care. You got a boost step in line. This is just a lesson there teach in cheap channel. We're going to let you have all those stations you better do what the way we want you to. Or else. In fact, maybe the government will just take over those 1200 stations and broadcast propaganda around the clock. Sure. It'll be perforation. If we have one. But just stop and think about it. They got that Glenn Beck. You got Rush. You got Rush Jr. That Todd the Schmidt or Schnitt or whatever his name is. All right, wing all day. Not good enough. And then, of course, our good friend. Are you sure? Yeah, who also turned far to the right. I wonder what he's going to have to say about it. Since he's a Howard wannabe since he, you know, idolizes Howard Stern. Let's keep an eye to say about it. Is he going to turn on the on the right wingers? I don't think so. Not if he knows what's good for me. Better keep boost step in. W to Q a and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I like that. A movie to his list. Good. Crying game. Crying game? Yeah. It would let you cryin. I left the theater in that movie. It was horrible. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you. The crying game. Okay. We're starting to build this list a little bit. We got it. Like I said, it's in the background that I mean, you know, I had this thing planned for doing a show today. Build a list. But it's like wallpaper. Because there are other important things on other people's minds. So by the way, speaking of that movie to pass to the Christ. Y'all. Woman collapses and of course she died. He had a little problem there and East Wichita heard attack. So proud. Yes. Not a problem. A woman collapsed in an East Wichita theater yesterday morning during a showing of the passion of the Christ. Peggy Law apparently suffered a heart attack. She was pronounced day to short time later at Wichita Medical Center. That's a lovely Peggy Law also known by some to somebody her married name. Peggy Scott was a respected figurine local broadcasting community. The tragedy is hit some at K.A. K.E. K.A.K. Especially hard. Remember Michael K. K.K. She was a former employee. People viewing the movie at Warren Theater East A. Law collapsed during a portion of the movie. Where the crucifixion of Christ was shown. Uh-huh. A few of the doctors nurses who were not instructed to be viver. But when she was taken away in the ambulance, the authorities say law still had no pulse. The movie has been criticized for its graphic portrayal of Jesus's death. I've got a scathing. Most of the ones that I did read were a scathing, but I got a really good one from the times. A little later. Religious leaders around the country and in which it all say people need to be prepared for the graphic brutality. And whatever you do, then take your little children, oh my goodness. Whether laws death and the timing in the film are related, we'll never know it says, but religious and medical officials stress this film is not for the faint hearted. So if you've got like a weak ticker, if you have like an aversion to blood and guts, if you've got little kids, stay the hell away. That's our best suggestion to you. I've got marine dives with calm two stations of the crash. It's great. Momentarily. WQA and hello. Yeah, I think it's about time. Yeah. That's pretty crackin' now. Okay, good. There you go. That's the mouth breather. Crack down on your ass is what the other do. Take your way of screaming and yelling at a butterfly in it. WQA and hello. Hey, good morning, now. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Listen, I said everybody calling you with the outrage. Would we stand once the cut back on post-security? No. That's outrageous. Yes, sir. You know, I thought I was going to cry or eat it but now. I was furious. I couldn't understand this. Why is we working so hard? Is he going to cut and if I'm not mistaken, other people, the retired senators and governors, don't they receive an annual income and that comes out of the Social Security benefit? Well, I don't know where it comes from, but they sure sell do, yes. Yeah, and I'm saying it might be right here. Yeah, that's working so hard. We just don't have a prayer. I don't understand this. Okay, early enough, Amanda. Just keep that in mind. Okay, I'm an annual, let's go. I'll call you. All right. Worst movie ever, oh, you're going to be upset about this. The only movie I ever got up and left is this fact. You've borne on the fourth of July with Tom Cruise. Now, why would they say that? I don't know. Maybe they're Nazi. Maybe they're a warm-unger. No, maybe they just thought it was too morbid or something. I don't know. I wore a morbid. You told me to watch it and I didn't. I thought it was pretty, uh, I don't want to say entertaining because it was depressing. But it was good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. I watched it till I couldn't watch no more, because it was on late and I went to bed. Because I already seen it two or three times. It was still great, no matter what you say. Okay. And the acting performances in that movie are so unbelievable. Sensational, each and every one, up to an including Tom Cruise. It was also good. Including Tom Cruise. In fact, that part of the movie was in there. But trying to get a whole day into go see. Dying Daddy. 707 votes in Blurwood's projects got 54. It's going to win your right hands down. And remember all the hoopla that thing got all the way. Oh my goodness, this is really a revolutionary and these young kids made their own movie and that's why everyone's all pissed off at the movie. Yeah, because they're pissed off because they paid money to go and see that piece of crap. We've got sucked in. WCWAM, hello. Hey, now how you doing? Pretty good? Listen, you know, I got a quick second of your time with this thing that's going on with hard stirring and you know, all you guys if you're talking to idiots. I had to go through hell this morning of listening to that Paul and young Ron shows. Oh my god, we're pretty worse than dead. Oh my god. Oh yeah. And you know what, what's not what I found pretty funny is, Ron Verder got away with calling some lady that called in. I guess they have the day to the week thing and today was luckily enough looking up to hear the date. But he got away with calling her a dirty little whore because some guy called up and said that he is, you know, I guess that text will turn his car. Now what makes that okay for him to call some lady a dirty little whore on the air? Yeah, what you know, the way you what you guys talk about in the issues that you guys talk about is not okay. Well, you know something I'm glad you mentioned that because maybe the essence is there a cheap channel, Mr. Maybe we'll be hearing them no more as of tomorrow. Oh, I hope not. I'm just trying my best to find how it's started on because I listen to him in the morning and then I switch over to you. Right. And it's just it's just morning completely sucked. You know, listening to them, they have an absolutely no idea what they're doing in their event day to what they're morning showing. I don't know if they're going to go. Scary. Okay, good luck to us, pal. All right. Thank you. Have a good day. You too. How do you like that? dirty little whore. Very nice boys. Okay. I guess they didn't get the memo yet, right? Right. Didn't get the memo. In addition to which, how come they had some guy on talking about having sex with some broadness car? You guys don't get it. That's that's in the past. That's no mole. Okay. Let me give you a little a little ditty here. Okay. Yeah. Not no mole. All the stuff that a lot of people used to do, including me, no mole. It just it just don't exist. You can be stubborn, stupid, both of the buck and be fired. My and local year sports video 5, 62 and 2 a.m. This is 75. I listen to you, Rogers, because I could hear the word asshole. Get a tower, board by gold power, the site of Janice Keats, takes a power. So, and take the deceit that now the FCC was famous or from unity on the TV. A rabbit was the court has that he would not be there. So now he has to care about what's on the air. He bit in the stone age put your burger on today and once he meets the Saudi packs of American way. Get a tower, or Michael Powell, the site of Janice Keats, takes a power. To the body is positioned that he got through the edges of what is oil and how but it's working. 11.02.05.60. WQM. Very unhappy Thursday too. I'd say happy Thursday, but it's getting more and more depressing. They're just in a they're just foaming at the mile. Rabbit, just like that William Donahue from the cantler. You can see the foam coming out of the edges that are pushed. But the flux of saliva. Here's a fact that says the absolute worst movie of all time Batman and Robin directed by that Queen Joel Schumacher. See, I wonder if he's a kind of Max Schumacher from that work. P.S. Chief Channel is the anti-Christ and of course you are. Absolutely correct. Right on target. Jason is the only movie I ever let pulp fish and boy that's a good one. I was that there within the last 15 years. You'll have to tell me. Look at the book handy. I think it is fresh enough. Oh, man. Fresh enough. You know that mean like that 15 years old. Okay, well let's take a puke at it. Okay. Yes, 94. But he said, well Josh is on top of it. 1994. 154 minutes. Quentin Tarantino and guess what? There's still a put mayonnaise on French fries and Amsterdam. Oh man. If you didn't know that before you saw pulp fiction and speaking of blood and gush, it's the whatever this Jesus movie is look like a piker. Piker I said. Let's see later. Watch it on video just to give it a fair chance of a grid of that says Jay. Meaning pulp fiction. Well now if you're going to be hit and cool, you got to say your love pulp fiction. Oh, it was great. It was fabulous. Right. It sucked. So what do we got so far? Blair Witch Project. The absolute worst movie of last 15 years. Blair worked 66. Six threes of the separation 11 set of home in nine. The Mexican eight, the crying game three, poured on the fourth of July of three. Batman, a robin three and pulp fiction just went up there 103 votes. Not spectacular because we don't have a good list yet. But we will. We're getting a monitor and if not, we got more important fish to fry. For example, to give you a folks an idea of the kind of really astute leadership we have a QAM. Our list is program director aka Clarence Dero is in the studio this morning for his usual morning visit. And I'm telling you a lot of the steering thing and he said, how are who? How are you not? He didn't say that. What do you want to know why he doesn't really know much about how it's turned because how it's turned has nothing to do with. So there you go. So Clarence is telling me jokingly that maybe what ought to try one day. Just one day. Just once is doing a show on. No, it's right. I don't think he was kidding. Do you? No, he was not. I don't think he really meant one day. No, you weren't looking at his face. Thank goodness. I was twice to a good appetite. I don't have any areas. And it's not going to happen, Clarence. We're not going to be doing sports on this show. You got more than enough of the same tired old crap over and over again. Is this good? Could it be a great quarterback for the dolphins or what? He was very crest followed when you told him no good. The answer is absolutely and get out of my face. Okay, Clarence and next time get to check there before the van closes. And that's an again, they're playing. And get to check there on the right day. But after well-acted to a clock to make sure that they buy themselves an extra day, you're not fooling us. Ha ha, psych. Morey doubt, Wright stations of the crash in the New York Times today. It is beautiful. It says forgive them, Father forgive them for they know not what they do. Mel Gibson and George W. Bush are quoting Bigotry in the name of sanctity. The movie maker wants to promote the passion of the Christ of the President wants to prevent the passion of the gaze. Opening on two screens, W. is stigmatizing as political strategy and Mel's stigma to as marketing strategy. Mr. Gibson who told Diane Sourer that he was inspired to make the movie after suffering through addictions found the ultimate 12-step program, the stations of the cross. I went to the first show of the passion that they lows 84th in Broadway. It was about a quarter field. This is not as you may have read a popcorn movie. In Latin and air-mayick with English subtitles, it's two gory hours of Jesus getting played by Brutish Romans at the Begesto-Hartless Jews. Perhaps fittingly for a production at Leicentad Jewelry to self-taught 99 nail necklesses, what's next? Chronophorens, Promtieras? I got the passion? The passion has the cartoonish violence of a Sergio Leone Western. You might even call a spaghetti crucifixion a fistful of nails. Writing in the new republic Leon wastes the literary editor of Scordes and is a repulsive massacistic fantasy a sacred snuff film that uses classically anti-Semitic images. I went with the Jewish proud who tried to stay sanguine. The Jews may have killed Jesus he said, but they also gave us Easter parade. The movie's message is Jesus says that you must love not only those who love you, but more importantly those who hate you. So presumably you should come out of the theater, suffused with charity toward your fellow man, but this is a Mel Gibson film to come out wanting to kick somebody's teeth in. In Braveheart in the Patriot, his other emotionally manipulative historical efforts, you come out wanting to swing and axe into the skull of the nearest Englishman. Here you want to kick some Jewish and Roman teeth, and since the Romans have led it in the history. Like Mr. Gibson, Mr. Bush's whipping up intolerance, but calling it a sacred cause. At first the preacher in chief resisted conservative calls for constitutional ban on gay marriage. He felt as Jesus put it in the Gibson script otherwise known as the Gospels. If it is possible let this chalice pass from me. But under pressure from the Christian right he grabbed the chalice with both hands and swayed, seeking to set up precedent and codifying discrimination in the Constitution, a document that in the past has been amended to correct discrimination, by giving fuller citizenship rights to blacks women and young people. If the president is truly concerned about preserving the sanctity of marriages one of my readers why not make divorce illegal and stolen adulterers? Our soldiers have been killed in Iraq, Osama still on the loose, jobs are being exported all over the world, the deficit has reached biblical proportions, and our president is worried about Mars and marriage. When reporters tried to pin down White House spokesman Scott McLean yesterday on why gay marriage is threatening, he spotted a bunch of gobbledy gokabatha, fabric of society and civilization. The Paul's key argument in institutions can't be changed when in fact they change all the time, have they ever heard of the institution of slavery? The government shouldn't be trying to legislate what's sacred. When bushes get in trouble they look around for a politically advantageous bookie man. Lee Atwater tried to make a mercenary cutter over the prospect of woolly horten arriving on their door step, and Al-Qarrova once Americans to shut her at the prospect of a lesbian, thick cheneys daughter Mary say, setting up housekeeping they're stored with her wife. When it comes to the bushes willingness to stir up base instincts of the base it is as it was. As the max bond side-out character said in Woody Allen's hand and her sisters while watching TV evangelists appealing for money, if Jesus came back and saw what's going on in his name, he'd never stop throwing up. She is great. Excellent. Marie doubt it's on our website. I believe I think I put it on there. Maybe I didn't. Well anyway I'll just read it. 560560 a very sad day in American history. It's not just the Howard Stern thing. It's the whole idea. Freedom of speech is dead. Freedom of choice dead. Religious lunatics take it over to the country. They've stolen it. They run it. They own it. They'll decide what you listen to. What you can read. What you can see. What you ought to go see at the movies in a better be about Jesus and you better like it. Line 9. It's always a treat. WQM. Hello. Hey Neil. I don't. Pretty good. One thing that we haven't looked at here and it's kind of interesting is that clear channel bones a large part of XM satellite radio. Right. So what about the playboy channel that they're putting on that or what about? My God. Boba. I don't know. Boba is still on. Yeah. Boba is done. Yeah. I don't even have a clue. Unless of course he did. But they're not going to be the ones to make a deal to put him on. Yeah. I'm just thinking of Howard goes back on to one of those X satellite radio companies. What are they going to start doing now? It's like they're playing both things against the middle. They get it one side. They don't get it the other. Yeah. It's kind of like what Fox does with their right wing news and their cutting edge entertainment. You know, they're trying to pretend that they're all for freedom and you're going to up and then they put the fascist news on their run the clock. As you say, it's the American fucing way. Yep. What were moving Superman 4 with right Richard prior and Jonathan prior or something like that. Oh, I'm so glad I missed that. Okay. Thanks a lot, Palo. Some right at the bridge. The ambassador bridge comes through from Detroit. Like I said, no quoted Detroit. Let's see. Here's Sean has got a bunch of poll stuff. He says I try to see pass to the crisis today. Never made out of the snack bar. The snack bar 10 and assisted on the spent dispensing my order of not to as one at a time murmuring the body of Christ before each bite. That's great. That's beautiful. Sean. Can you add prelude to a kiss to your poll? Meg Ryan, Alec Baldwin. I rather see my own obituary says. So as your selection of set of aluminum prompts to thought, Al Pacino, otherwise great, participated in that cinematic Holocaust. How about a couple of pulls along these lines? The worst performance by otherwise good actor actress or the worst song by otherwise great artist. That's good. Sean is a good poll, my steering. I'm going to put that in my poll pile. Here's one that says the absolute worst movie of the last 15 years is the passion of the Christ, which we say, a ride. Now I got some skating reviews. In fact after the break, I got one for the New York Times by A.O. Scott, A.O. Scott. And it's headline good and evil locked in a violent showdown. It's a beautiful thing. Here's George the Repo man. Facts are said that the FCC's like the del Castro tells you what to listen to when to listen and they talk about freedom. Please. Love you guys. There's a George the Repo man and for you. Okay. Let's see. Matrix Revolution's sock ass. It says can we say that now? It's sock. It was bad. It's not good. It was bad. You can't name one question right up in the two movies, proceeding that it answered not one. Words tell my scene ever, probably because of high expectations. Matrix Revolution's okay. We got it. That's what we didn't America's a revolution but don't hold your breath. Okay. Don't hold your breath. Because the public is sufficiently even whipped in the shape and they're very docile and very obedient and all the corporations that have been slapped on a wrist now. Of course they wouldn't slap Enron on the wrist or Halle Burton or Beck tell her because they just sang the right tune. They weren't pervare as a port and Phil. That's right. Remember our good buddy Kenny Boydoria who's been all his might of the right people. So you better go step in a line a little bit better Mr. May's okay. Laurey May's and David Ross and PD Boge the Assassin. Oh man. And John Hogan of course who'll be in the seventh race at what's had track in the England rocking hand. Oh. Hey you know hey guys speaking of something you know if your paycheck is not too great your life is neither. If you're not making any cash you're working hard but going nowhere. Here's the answer for you. Pick up your instrument soon and call our friends at fast train because you really can change your life. Start you a new high-paying computer career in just four short months. They can up and get yourself going. The demand for computer professionals is greater than ever so call fast train today and find out how you can be one of them. Call one eight six six fast train with several occasions all over town. You know that fast train's got a campus post by where you are fast train offers job placement financial assistance for people to qualify. Would day night and weekend classes no excuses no more would have stayed a day in job working for a puts. And like I said if you register now by the end of the summer you can be working a real job with a big fat paycheck. So check them out on the web if you like first at fast train.com. When you make the call be sure much in Todd Rex name they'll laugh their ass off. Call full free one eight six six fast train. Hey that's how it's how it's fam. I was about to put a can into the macro wave. I asked you the bathroom in the city. It was green. It was on Sentinel. He and his overweighed. I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be. And there was extra crucifix of fish for all to see. Oh right it's an excellent picture. I had come to mold along. But I found Jesus in Rick by his charm. Yes brother, Ricky change my life of all that people think. Cause by the time I washed my hands I'd wash my sins away. Now I'll learn to be in telling it on watch Pat Robertson and I'll go prepare. You can't even be this a road. Oh please, we are the impster. But my liberal days are gone. I don't think I could say that. No more scouting where concerns are on the earth. They said bubble or one something that'd be the end of a wouldn't it? Yep. Just one time. Back home. Yep. 11 18 at 5 60 WDQM. Very moderate Thursday to 8 on smile too much. Worst movie ever saw would they decent cash that would be hard rain. Starring your onches so least they were Christian slater. Morgan Freeman and many drivert. I played that video party one day and literally was almost beaten up on my guests as this fixer. What? I thought they said decent cast. Moving right along. Worst films from just into Kelly. Oh I can't even we get to imagine that. Wow what town you dealing with there? Oh Josh and for me we had to disqualify Superman for as much as we wanted to put it on there because it didn't make the 15 year cut. Oh what a shame. That will keep it in mind okay we give it honorable mention. Somebody says wild wild west with Kevin Klein and Will Smith. And who are we to argue not us because if Will Smith was in it then automatically I say most likely in spite of the robot spider. I see. Here's what we got so far the absolute worst movie last 15 years. Blair Witch project is just so far ahead. It's a joke 80 80 out of 151. Batman and Robin 11 6 to read the separation 11. The Mexican 10 set of a woman nine the crying gay mate born on the 4th of July 6. Wild wild west 6 patched in the Christ 4 already 4. It's only been out this a second day. Paul fiction 3 matrix revolution 2 and I pretty to a kiss that's with a K. Pety to a kiss one. Be sure you went on seed very carefully from now on okay careful very very carefully you might even heard like I just did occasionally say the letter that was with a K. Seal with a kiss K. Good and evil lot did violent showdown rights aos Scott movie review passed to the Christ in yesterday's New York Times. Well this is kind of long but that's okay just cool down. There's a prophetic episode of the Simpsons in which the celebrity guest our male gifts in directing and starring in the remake of Mr Smith Goath to Washington and list the help of Homer Simpson who represents the public taste or lack of it. Homer persuades Mr Gibson to change the pictures ending replacing James Stewart's populist tirade with an action sequence a barrage of righteous gunfire that leaves the halls of Congress strewn with corpses. The audience flees the theater and disgust. I thought of Homer more than once with an involuntary irrevents conditioned by many years of devotion of the Simpsons as Mr Gibson presented his new movie The Passion of the Christ to carefully selected preview audiences across the land making a few last minute cuts and then taking the air waves to promote and defend the film. It opened yesterday nationwide. Given the crucifixion story Mr Gibson did not need to change the ending. The passion of the Christ is so relentlessly focused on the savagery of Jesus final hours that this film seems to rise less from love than from wrath and to succeed more in assaulting the spirit than an uplifting it. Mr Gibson is constructed in an unnerving and painful spectacle that is also when the ended depressing one. It is disheartening to see a film made with evident and a bunter religious conviction that is at the same time so utterly lacking in grace. Mr Gibson is departed radically from the tone spirit of earlier American movies about Jesus, which have tended to be palatable if often extremely long, Sunday school homilies designed to sue the audience rather than to terrify or inflame it. His version of the gospel is heroingly violent, the final hour of the past to Christ essentially consists of a man being beaten, tortured, and killed, and graphic and lingering detail. Once he's taken into custody, Jesus's cut and kicked and then much more systematically flogged, first with stiff canes and then with leathered whips, tipped with sharp stones and glass shards. By the time the chronic horns his pounded under was head in the cross loaded under with shoulders, he is all but unrecognizable, a massive flayed and body flesh, barely able to stand, moaning and howling in pain. The audiences desired response to this spectacle is not revulsion but something like the cowring quivering awe manifested by Mary, Mary Magul and a few sensitive Romans in Jerusalemites is they forced themselves to watch. Discussed in awe are not when you think about it so far apart and a Mr Gibson's vision one is a root to the other. Our rubbing our faces in the grizzly reality of Jesus' death and fixing our eyes on every well-tungation as body, this film means to make literal an event that the gospels often treat with circumspection and that tends to be thought about someone abstractly, look them will be seem to insist when we say he died for a sins, this is what we mean. A few are especially when we're set to the theological import of the story as thus caught in a sadomistic, sadomistic, pyridox as are disciples from Jesus in a flashback that occurs toward the end promises to lay down his life. The ordinary human responses to wish for the carnishes to stop and impulse that seems lacking in the disillot Roman soldiers and the self-righteous Pharisees, more about them shortly. But without their fathomless cruelty the story wouldn't reach its necessary end to halt the execution with thwart divine providence and refuse the gift of redemption. Anyway, this is a film review not Sunday's school. The paradox of wishing something horrible to stop even as you want to continue has as much to do with movie going as with theology. And Mr Gibson, either gyrillously or ingeniously has exploited the popular appetite for terror and gaur for what he and his ally see as a higher end. The means, however, are no different from those used by virtue also as a chakshima, like Quentin Tarantino, who is subjected to misvoluti to such grievous and dignity and irreversible. Mr Gibson is temperamentally a more solid, less, formally adventurous filmmaker, but he's no less a connoisseur of violence. It'll be amusing to see some of the same scolds who condemn Mr Tarantino's killville volume one, sing the praises of the passion of the Christ. Mr Gibson from the moment he began speaking publicly about his project, emphasized his desire to make passion as he is realistic as possible. To that end, the dialogue is an era-mak and a dialect of Latin, which takes some getting used to, but which dispenses with a still-to-to-dock-word-diction that afflicts so many biblical epics. The absence of identifiable movie stars with the exception of Mr. Blucci, comports herself with fitting modesty, also adds an element of versimilitude. Oh, brother. I hope you have ever said that before my literary. Versimilitude. Versimilitude, I said, I don't know. I may have seen it before, but actually so on me, I've never said any more time. But to sound the tone of the passion or far from what is ordinarily meant by realism. The first part which takes place in the murk and gloom of night, shot by Subherpson, Tagambasir, Matagra, for Caledetionale, is the feel of a horror movie. As Jesus praised the Garden of Gethsemane, the camera tipped those around him like a stalker, and John Denny scores a high-tone creeps you up-messing, orchestra-londotones and spine-jabbing choral effects. A slithery effeminate Satan, played the inquiries revealed by a woman named Rosalindus Sellantano, slinks around like something in a west-creive and nightmare, and Judas reeling from his betrayal is minestined by demon children with poity-eyed teeth and noky eyes. When daylight dawns, the moachift from a horror movie suspends to slice your film dread, throughout Mr. Gibson lays on Mr. Denny's canned sublimity, with a heaviest possible hand and the indulges in equally unsuttle visual and oral effects. Judas' 30 pieces of silver, how many? Bob Birdmane! Judas' 30 pieces of silver fly through the ear and slow motion, the first nail enters Jesus's palm where they twack, that must have taken hours of digital tweaking to articulate. The thuddingly emphatic story telling along with the ancient languages makes the acting almost be side-to-point though it's not hard to be impressed by Mr. Cabezel's endurance. The only psychological complexity in this table of goodness and ability belongs to Pontius Paladin his wife, Claudia, played by two very capable actors who I hope will become more familiar to American audiences and whose names I'm not going to try to pronounce. Is the passage of the Christ anti-Semitic I thought you never asked? To my eyes it didn't seem to traffic explicitly or agree justly in the toxic iconography of historical Jew hatred, but more sensitive viewers may disagree. The fear of season their talent and beards are certainly shown as a sinister and inhumane group and the mob they command is full of howling ugly rage. But this unscreen pillade does not seem to receive what can be found in the source material. Mr. Gibson, a few weeks ago, reportedly expunged and especially provocative line of dialogue that referred to the Jews, his blood beonus and our children. That line comes from the book of Matthew and would take a revisionist to remove every trace of controversy and intolerance from a story that rests squarely on the theology boundary separating Christianity from Judaism. That Mr. Gibson did not attempt to transcend these divisions may be regrettable, but to condemn the passage of the Christ for its opposite bigotry is the message point in the mistreated's problems. The troubling implications of the film did not arise primarily from its religious agenda and extreme to do traditionalist Roman Catholicism that hasn't prevented the passage from resonating oddly enough with many evangelical Protestants. What makes the movie so grim and ugly is Mr. Gibson's inability to think beyond the conventional logic of movie narrative. In most movies, certainly in most movie directed by restoring Mr. Gibson, violence against the innocent demands righteous vengeance in the third act and expectation that Mr. Gibson in this case whips up at least unsatisfied. On its own, apart from whatever beliefs the viewer might bring to it, the passage of the Christ never provides a clear sense of what all this bloodshed was for and in conclusiveness that his Mr. Gibson's most serious artistic failure. The gospel, at least in some interpretations of just that the story isn't forgiveness, but such an ending seems beyond Mr. Gibson's imaginative capacities. Perhaps he suspects that the public prefers terror, fury and gore, maybe Homer Simpson was right after all. 1127 at 560 QAN I had the 24 years ago I was apprehended in Kenny Buckport, Maine for a DUI, that's an accurate story. I'm proud of that. I often sometimes said that occasionally dragged and I did on that night, but I made the decision that drinking I want my girls doing the kinds of things I did and I told them to drink and drive. Sision on May, I've been very happy to be able to people saying that I'm right now. Yes, I was. I'm going to drink, bury, I mean bears to the bucket and many bears just four years ago. My father, very happy about it. But then, and that's the course of action I do. And I'm the first to say that people of America will understand that. Absolutely. You understand, while the Earth's use of their being. 28, 10, 0, 5, 60, W, K, and we got the Mad Dog at 2, Hebrew hammer at 4, Hank Goldberg, hurricanes and FIU, Golden Panther's baseball, 7, 11, and I, boy, what is going to be doing that game? I sure hope it ain't clearance in the beast. Where not? Got some skating reports in your last baseball broadcast. Love to talk to that, I'd wrap to the baseball game, finally get so worth it. He can't enjoy Mark or when I two to five in an AM. This is really something. A pastor displayed the message. This is Denver. A pastor displayed the message. Jews killed the Lord Jesus in front of his church on a busy Denver thoroughfurious today, prompting outrage from Jews and Christians alike. Then incredible or what? Oh, it's very credible. The sign in front of the God. Come on. Spit it out. The sign in front of the loving way United Pentecostal church. Upset one pass a buy so much he brought out bought a ladder that after him to remove the first word. Church members later took down the rest of the words. Pastor Maurice Gordon said he was inspired by the intense discussion leading the Wednesday's release of Mel Gibson's film The Pass of the Christ, what some of Christ's anti-Semitic and others have held his powerfully portraying the crucifixion of Jesus. Gibson said the movie does not claim the Jews of the earth of Jesus, but he just- ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I've been listening to the debate back in 4th line talk radio about who we did in Gordon told the AP in a phone interview, what I did right around was to give the citation from the apostle Paul. You only want to do this maybe once in a lifetime Gordon said, at least hopefully it would be a people who go back and read the fine print in the Bible. Right. The message you put up Jews killed the Lord Jesus. The woman who walked to the message board said she drove to the church after hearing about the sign that they Jewish education class, Amy Ship, said she knocked down doors and called the church his number on her cell phone. No one would answer said ship who is Jewish, I just wanted to talk to them and see if they would take the sign down. She decided not to wait, bought the latter and a tarp at a store across the street and ten new cover up the sign, when that didn't work she would move the word Jews from the message board. I'm raising 4 little Jewish girls and I'd like the community to be a safe, safe place for all the legit ships said I felt it was anti-Semitic incorrect and a cowardly thing to do. Gordon's sign prompted a response last night from the LA based salmon visa in Thal Center that urged Christian leaders in Denver to rebuke the church for posting the sign. The Jewish people suffered from the libel of what is that? The essay I'd de-esci, now there's another one. The essay. The libel of killing Jesus from the earlier 2000 years said Rabbi Abraham Cooper, associate dean of the center, we continued to look to our Christian neighbors and friends to review those who would pass off this canardist theology. Dr. James Ryan at the Colorado Council of Churches was also deeply troubled by the sign. I would hope that they would hear the Avkri and not just in the Jewish community, but the Christian community as well and this is not a true representation of the Gospel of love and grace of Jesus. Colorado Andy Di-formation Lee spokesman Bruce Tabaski said he was upset that Gordon had chosen to spread the message of divisiveness and ultimately bigotry and hate when the ADL and others are trying to be Jews and Christians posted together. And how's that thing working out Northern Ireland by the way? Oh, it just finally started. Let's see, here's what it says, King Powell entered the fish tongue. What did I call King? Come Powell, sorry. Come Powell chicken, I like that. Do you ever have that? No, I don't think I have. Come Powell entered the fish. That sounds like a porno movie to me. No, you're beautiful. No. And how about the hawk, sis Alex? Ooh. Okay, so we're getting more building wisdom. Here's one that's Titanic to which I say, frankly, or was it? It must have been a real dog. Here's when it says the first Lord of the Rings, a long-boried mess is DP, the Lord of the Rings. Here's another fact that says, Yahoo, my mom come and done. I know nothing. I know nothing until I cross the board to the can of the Bush go to hell, anonymous. And I don't play new all the way around being anonymous, too. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T and Verizon line. WQA, I'm hello. How do you know how are you? Pretty good. I got a nominee for your pole there. Good. Freddie got finger. Oh, can I say that? Oh, sorry. But you can say it once. Oh, no. I think I got it. We got it. See, he said it once and then that was it. As a matter of fact, I'm glad he mentioned, can I say this? And I say that because I was scrolling up and down to the ECSU, you know, that list that I said you last whenever was, you know, there's going to be a lot of additions. I know. I mean, I'm going through, well, first I went through the letter B and I thought, well, maybe this is just a bad letter, you know, there's a lot of butt stuff in there. Then I went through the letter I. Yeah. And I thought, well, here's another bad letter. I think they're all bad. They're all bad. Which is a tongue plug to think. Right. Let's see. Here's one. I've fact that says didn't know if you saw the time ticket column that was posted on SunCentral.com. Looks like your good close personal friend has been even the Howard controversy that didn't take a look at the last paragraph. Haven't seen that. Did you? Nope. Nope. This is Alice Newer. We don't hope you're not targeted next. We always just posted. So during the break, I'll take a look at it. Greg Reed is bringing me into the Howard controversy. Don't tell me any favors, Greg. The worst movie of all time, Gilly. Your caca, it says, Drek. At least that's what I heard. It says Shelly and Miami. Gilly, G-I-G-L-I with our untrust j-l and Ben. Ben, how are you going to say his last name now? I'm not. Okay. Ben. The only two Ben we need to think about. One is the Arad and since Michael Jackson said, oh, there's John Hobbit about Chief Channel. The Howard Stearns of the World are the exception rather than the rule. Right. And that they will no longer have a platform on our station. Right. Also, in other words, it's permanent. If there was any doubt, it's permanent. This business about they took them off here until they comply with guess what, Howard. Bye, bye, bye. The South Florida and Chief Channel, at least for the moment. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, WQN hello. Yes, sir. What's up, man? How are you doing? Hey, I got eight. Let me ask you something. Um, can you say that, uh, is that bit again with the, uh, with the Hindus? Are you saying Hindus? Look at it. The one, you know, the Hindus in the family and shit. Right. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. What a wonderful young man. Was that Larry Bays? Yes. I think it was John Hobbit. They just took a break. Oh, look at this promise that we won't hear offensive things coming out of their shock shocks. Um, but it replays itself. So I don't know. Is this free? This is the end of it. It just may be once again the resumption of the side. Howard, sir, it's just he was going to come out. I guess he's got a backward fact. This is the way you're looking for how he get it right. Somebody teach him is, uh, peace and cues and A's and B's stuff like that. Clear channel who is, of course, announcing that they have made up. I don't know how to be satisfied yet. They want, they basically these Nazis. They want Howard Stern off the year. And me and, uh, a whole bunch of other people. Everyone wait, preach in the word. The only problem for them is going to be some of us ain't going to play the game. I've heard everyone to complain to this station. I wish one is worth it. What should do No? Oh, shit in the space for me, oh, he's back there. He's just too serious but bad. Hang on. Hmm. Oh, make it a little. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmmm. Very good. Hmm. Oh, girl. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Here's a little more on that pasture from Benbury says some of his best friends are lamb shades. 14. Lune. Here's the story of Tom Jick, who just put on the Sun's send a website. Clear Channel, silence is Howard Stern with zero tolerance plan and Greg actually says very nice things about me. See how long we get along, you know, long distance, Chums. But by long distance. Clear Channel communications and nations' largest radio chain with more than 1200 stations. That himself is obscene. It's obscene. Including more than a dozen in the money for Lutterdale and Palm Beach markets, an unsays zero tolerance policy for his honor, talent yesterday, and suspended the Howard Stern a Stern-Chir won stations that carried the shockjuck. Well, not only did he suspended, but as we just heard John over the only moments ago, you won't be here in Howard Stern on Clear Channel no more. Period. The moves by San Antonio based cheap channel, which earlier fired a talk show host of broadcast, sexually explicit material that do a threat of a fine from the FCC, came as Congress seeks to toughen penalties for indecency. The company's new policy includes making disjuckies pay part of any federal fine-imposed for using profanity. Clear Channel's actions come less than a month after Singer Justin Tinkerbell exposed Janet Jackson's breasts. On a Super Bowl halftime show aired by Viacomix CVSTV Network, a US House panel earlier this month endorsed a bill raising in D'sensee finds tenfold to $275,000 per violation. Clear Channel drew a line on the sand today with regard to protecting our list is from indescent content, and Howard Stern show blew right through a deep-channel radio president John Hogan, said in the statement distributed by Business Wire, it was vulgar offensive and insulting not just to women in African-Americans, but to anyone with a sense of common decency. Stern show which aired on WBGG FM 105.9 is produced and distributed by Viacomix and Thinity Radio Unit, Clear Channel which did not disclose how many of its stations carried the Stern show, said it won't reinstate Stern until we're sure that he show will conform to acceptable standards of responsible broadcasting, like I said just moments ago John Hogan told Congress he and come back to us. They only got a month's stations, but nevertheless, of course I'll throw it to be in one. You're lucky. Earlier this week, Chief Channel fired Shockjack, Bubba Lovespund, real name Todd Claim, after the FCC proposed a $755,000 fine for allegedly indescent material aired on four Clear Channel stations in Florida. The new rules will have a little impact on what listeners here in Clear Channel stations according to David Ross, the Ungsh's regional vice president of Chief Channel's Sont Florida stations. I didn't have to wait for a corporate policy, he said he has a had a policy of airing shows with live talent on a delay from seven seconds to much longer depending on the nature of the program to safeguard against indescent content. He also has regular conversations with his talent, reviewing what's permissible for broadcast, like all the lies that Rush tells, making up stories about the Clintons kill this one and the Clintons kill that one stuff like that. Most of the host on Chief Channel's money for Loderdale Talkstation, W.I.O.D. AM-610. Oh boy, how the warmest turn. W.I.O.D. Oh, I hate that station. Our employees of Clear Channel are one of its subsidiaries from outside the market. They primarily talk politics from a conservative vantage point and rarely go over the line. Right, Tom. Clear Channel's actions are illustrative of the reactions from broadcasting, Greg Reed, General Manager of Beasley Broadcasting stations including W.I.M.560, which broadcast the often ronching the Arragas show, said he's instituted a new indesensible policy that clearly spells out what can't be said on the air. Neil has been very cooperative, Reed said he knows the situation in Washington has no problems with what we're doing and you are absolutely correct. Right, why me? I do have problems here in my mind, you know, in my heart. But in my, you know, is that in your heart of hearts? In my heart of hearts? But H.E.R. H.E.R. Hurt. At any rate. Well, there you go. Nice going, Greg. We're on the same page. In fact, I think I have a much clearer understanding of what it's all about. Then some people inside the building, not to mention a name, of course. Maybe because I've been doing this for 100 years. Right, H.E.O.D. That's okay. He'll get over it. Manuol and Holly would say, I've had enough of this. I've been listening to you and on and off mostly off since I moved here 1988. Mostly off. Third last year, I've been listening to you just to amuse myself. I never agreed with your political views. I voted Republican every election since 1976. And I enjoyed hearing your rants about the conservatives. However, now, now I'm starting to believe. I'll ride. The far right is using this Janet Jackson booby explosion to take over the party. And now I can't listen to Howard Stern anymore. WTF is up with that. I think what he really tried to say was, what up with that? Right. I sent an email to the Republican National Committee this morning. Let it know that if things don't get back to normal and quickly, I will vote Senator Credit across to take a next election enough as an office. I said, man, you'll go boy and vote several times, please. Here's a fact that says the passion, the worst movie ever, the passion of the Christ. Now, I'm curious and love the fact that all this stuff is going on. And we have to be really good at issues in especially with all the hoopla about this movie. I mean, at this point can we even say, Jesus Christ. Huh? Only if it's not used in vain. I see. Jesus Christ. Well, cut it out. More. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Oh, cut the crap. See? Christ killer. I was so psyched up to see the passion. I love a good comedy. It was hoping that we'd love up to the great humor of the shimmers list. I mean, two hours of killing Jews who doesn't love that. So then I go to the passion and they spend the entire movie killing only. On you. Well, this is funny. Man, what a rip off. Granted, the slow motion budgeting was good, but Melka would have found a few more Jews to kill in torture. I'll speak to my son. Hopefully he'll see why this movie failed miserably. It's quite simple to make a good movie. I've always been quite a waste of much of kikes since he was a Christian. Mel's a Christian. That's cute. That is lovely. That's a beautiful thing. Now what if taxes are pouring in the phones are all smoking? WQAM, hello. QAM. Not there. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I was going to say hello, Neil. Yeah. I have a card. That's okay. I was so afraid this morning about stupid Q-channel that I had to do something. So I called off Mr. Hogan over at Q-Channel. I have his number. I don't know if your listeners want it, but I couldn't get through to him because apparently he's testifying or what I'm doing. But I left him a message saying that he's un-American and what he's doing with unconstitutional. So I don't know. Do you want me to give your little hand? Sure. For John Hogan, the CEO of Chief Town, or what ahead? It's 210 because he's in San Antonio. Another, short from Texas. Yes. 222. 2828. 2828. Yeah. So that'll get you through just for John Hogan and you can leave him a voice mail. Leave him a voice mail. I like to see him have 50 million voice mail by the end of the week. Exactly. All right. And also, we're doing all we can to hurt clear channel because my husband is a media buyer and he's trying to avoid to buy them now. Oh, right. Excellent. I did just say no to clear channel censoring bastards that they are. Excellent. Exactly. Thanks, we'd all have a great day. Bye bye. John Hogan, the CEO of Chief Channel in San Antonio, Texas. 21082228. 21082228. All of you who are really pissed off and fired up about Howard sperm, not being on the software and cheap channel pain is good. He too shoes blown. He's dug and pony. Showed they're doing to pacify them. The FCC and a cover their own ass. Call them up and leave the nice voice mail and say, you crazy bastard. You, what do you want to say? I don't care. San says. I did cross out a line on here. San, because they might trace the facts. Okay. Says, I don't know what goes down. Would I click on the listen button when those media player launches, but doesn't play a sound. If he can give me a trick to fix that, I'll be eternally grateful. You can email me at Maple Leafs. Look at this, the least fan. So sorry, Sam. Life is really bad now. Did you see that? No. Why not? Did I see what? The fact that he wants some information on his Windows Media player when he wants to listen. The list on Eric at theorodres.com. Email, Eric at neorodres.com. And he might give us some pointers. Or not. Anyway, then he says, this cup he needs to grow up to focus this administration to ignore those with their guns pointed at us and go after anybody we've been thinks about asking questions that can call up this administration to task. The headlines are all about Janet Jackson. Howard's, Stern, Martha Stewart at seven, the soldiers being killed on a lie are reduced to crawl across the bottom of the screen, and you are right on top of it, Sam. Am I right? That's a loony. Maybe it is now safe for our 70-year-old's those in the radio, but what about school? Maybe they're still being raped and murdered. To deal with Howard Stern, however, they went to want to paint it, is about his responding to that congresswoman, Bitch, who took Viacom's chairman Mel to task on Capitol Hill. Howard was played her questioning of Mel on the ear and committed bit by bit about how stupid it was. For four-year-old set of a given permission to watch the Super Bowl, see what I mean about how stupid this is. The next day, according to this bitch that wasn't even there, she had gone to visit her mom. All the kids in neighborhood could talk about with Janet Jackson. Well, excuse me, but even if he didn't watch the Super Bowl half-time show, which I didn't, there were only 6 million for her in the 78-thousand chances to see it in me play. So, of course, the kids saw it. I'm the early show with Harry Smith as they were getting ready to go to school to be to crap out of somebody, rape somebody or kill somebody. So, it's best to lock the open when you can, send me some real estate listings for the Toronto area of your system. Good luck to you, Sam. I'll see you in the aggro, falls. Here's what it says, vanilla sky horrible when we worship the last 15 years with Tom Cruise, and it also says, if, clear channel, how do you like that? Better not use the letters anymore, just a little bit clear channel. They don't want to think. Okay. Now we have them at these top police. WQAM, hello. Me, how you doing? All right. Me, I got one for your phone. Okay. Okay. This is definitely by far the worst movie I've ever seen. It's called My Own Private Idaho, which is a one. Oh, the girl with a few. And River Phoenix. Right. That was definitely the worst I've seen by far. Okay. And it just ends with him like standing in the middle of the street as I recall. Yeah. Carving around. Carving around. You take care, okay? Good luck to us. Thanks. My Own Private Idaho, got it with her canter waves and River Phoenix as well. I said, I think you misunderstood. And thought I said, penis. I said River Phoenix. I said, here are those words anymore. Good. That's very good idea. Just in fact, it's a good idea for all you guys out there. Especially you who tend to be a little bit on the Swiss side. Forget about penis. Please, that's the message from El de Bushmeister and certainly from Michael's Powell. River River Phoenix. That's why I can't. We're supposed to be in 5.6. Do we? Yeah. Fightments and my names are Vice-Massurgeur. If anybody has a penis, yeah. This sentient from our way. We'll place your name into that soon. I've seen them be out yesterday. Don't even bother to quench down. Just follow under faith. Everybody's turning five. I just do a thing. Oh right. In the act of history is a... It was the God of you. Everyone does a speech. So much what you do. This act is for me, John. And all you find is... ...the Bushmanerlandation. I just do a thing. You gotta hate those Jews. That is the truth. And since then they borrow Jews. Beasy everything we can. And the state of our new... ...that war and war are called a threat. We love your husband, eh? A robin, tiny bush, baby. Back as to essay. We don't like to see our job, though. But the economy's boom. We're fathomed by J. No, don't be stupid. Oh, all that war and faith. The fact of Paris can win. And that everybody's turning five. Yes. But just do a thing. Oh! Oh! Oh! Come on, three, five, 60. W.C.M. moderately happy Thursday to it. I'm thinking to myself, this is so ironic because we all know who clear channeled just hired in Atlanta. Well, as much as we hope for the best for Scott, I mean, what are the chances of him surviving there, huh? He'll tell the line. On the scale of 50,000, I would say. About 30,000, yeah. Yeah. 30 out of 50,000. Yeah, he'll tell the line. But it's that kind of story. There's a good idea for office pools all across South Florida. Rines is not many for your poll, Pearl Harbor. I went to the theater, expecting to see a war movie that would give tribute to the men who died there and it turned out to be an awful, fictional, love triangle story. It was a BS movie, doesn't deserve to be named after an important event in our history. Love your show guys, hope the powers that people leave you fell as alone. She'll leave us alone, I'll write because we know we're mine in our P's and Q's. And we certainly know what the Q stands for in QAM, the way he bet. That was it? No. That's why we just use the initials. What is the absolute worst movie at the last 15 years that's our poll question? We do have the poll going. As I said, it's like kind of wallpaper and behind all those other crap that's going on. Blair Witch project wins hands down at will 111. Nobody close from just to the Kelly though 27. Wild Wild West 26. The past of the Christ 25. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. 25. It's only about two days folks. Julie 18. Matrix Revolution. The Matrix Revolution is got 18. Ben and a Robin 15. The crying game 14. Senatewoman 12. Oh, please. I'm sure it can do a lot better than that. It was embarrassing. Especially the part where he was like driving blind. He should have been in South Florida on the New York. Six degrees of separation and doesn't pretty got finger 12. Pretty got. Yeah. The Mexican 11. Pulp Fiction 8. Born on the 4th of July 7. Titanic 5. King, a con. Why don't we want to say King, Kung Pao enter the. Enter the fist. Yeah. Can we say that? Hey, it was on Marquis everywhere, man. What was that movie? Obviously, it's a karate movie, right? But Kung Pao enter the fist. I just feel on please. Because you got a filthy mind. No, because I'm nervous. Four. Yeah. You better start. Listen, Josh, I got a suggestion for you. Okay, since I've been on vacation next week. And all you people out there don't start any rumors about I got. Can because I'll be on vacation has been playing a long time. Which Georgia be on next week. For whatever the word. And Josh, if he even thinks of something. Okay. Here's that nice yellow button there. Hit that dump button. When he's out to Catholic Sunday. Even a wolf. And we're just going to adopt that kind of mentality. Good. Titanic 5. Come, Pao. Oh, I got four. Petyn to a kiss to vanilla sky to only one for hard rain. One for the Hulk. None yet for Lord of the Rings. My own private Idaho or Pearl Harbor. But don't get there. 134 votes. Not bad. We're getting a few votes considering this is like, you know, Very secondary. We got bigger fish to fry. Oh, speak of that. More than 170 gave men and women filed a lawsuit yesterday. Challenging a Florida law prohibiting them from obtaining merge licenses. This is so bizarre. You see who's filing the suit? Nope. Ellis Rubin. Oh, you told me about that. He was the publicity enough. He's going to be one of the real back in the Anita Bryant days. One of the notorious homophobes in South Florida. But now that he's got some, I mean, he's got some of people. The suit filed in Howard County court is believed to be the first form of legal challenge to the state law specifying that merge licenses. These are one of the parties consisting of one male and one female. An idea whose time is come can never be stopped at attorney. Ellis Rubin. Who evidently has seen the light. Who represents the 175 plaintiffs. The idea is time is now. The suit names only. Howard County clerk Howard. Forman is the defendant. He issues wedding licenses in the county. Follow me state laws. The recent fear or, or did he say, if you're, Yes, you did. Get that arm up in the air, man. The recent fear or over same set unions was sparked by Massachusetts Supreme Court, Yadiya di Anian, and cozan were people where human beings of our concidians. We pay our taxes. James Stewart a retired teacher from Danya Beach. It's an old cliche line. But you know what, if we're going to pay our taxes, we do a very, where right that should be granted to every mercantess and James you are. Absolutely correct. Right. A spokesman for Governor Jeff Bush, the president's brother, reaffirmed the governor's belief when they, and they sanctity of marriage. The governor believes marriage a B between a man and a woman's spokesman, Jacob D. P. Fries said we've had a law in a books in Florida. Since 1977, but of course, that was an idea of brand days. Bending game marriage and the governor took an oath of office to uphold the laws of the state. Right. Except, of course, to carry out the constitutional amendments that are passed by the public. Right. Right. Well, now you're nitpicking again. He's got some devious plans, by the way, the governor. Yeah, they like them. Lawrence says, I sent the following letter to Senator Graham and Bill Nelson as well as representative Alcy Hastings. I also emailed cheap channel regarding their decision. I told them I would break off their stations and people advertise with them. Keep up the good work. It says, Dear Senator Graham. I realize this is your last term in office. Yeah, I'm very disappointed that our representatives are standing by and letting our freedom to choose what we hear and watch being in fringe deposit. The FCC and this administration are out of control. This infringement upon and the right has to stop. I think you meant all right. This infringement has to stop. The Constitution is being trampled and the rights of the individual are not being respected. I find this the stirring says Lawrence the government officials receive money from the organization. They're supposed to regulate who's supposed to speak up for the rights of the principles of our country was founded. Please help us retain our right to speak. And listen, thank you for your attention. Silence. Because the facts, the worst movie ever was you turn with Sean Penn says, You turn. Got it? Hey. Wow. Oh and then. Took us over two hours to get to this. This was going to be the first thing we're going to talk about today. No, let me forget that article about Mac Roger's okay. I was coming up soon for it. It's in the pile. Here's a facts from Jared and Miami Beach. Hey, by the way, Jared, it was a little more that way. It says Neil the fundamental difference at the center of the game marriage issue is this. Those who oppose game marriage don't view the issue is one of equal rights or civil rights. Furthermore, they don't view it as a form of discrimination akin to that of suffrage or ethnicity or color. But you know what? Guess what? Jared, we don't care. The gay rights movement is a tenity of draw and nexus between gay marriage and equal rights legislation. This will never fly in America. Oh, surprise, baby. You're so wrong. As the society, the majority of speed was established. Those moral principles that it determines to be essential to the preservation of the social cornerstones of how much its societies built like slavery for example. It is clear that an overwhelming majority of Americans oppose game marriage just as an overwhelming majority of Americans oppose blackspeaks able to write on the school bus or go into the same schools or drink from the same water fountain. Jared, don't forget to whip it the pool. Right. Oh, God forbid. Gays have a, that's one reason black scant this swimsuit so good as they don't have too much practice, at least not in America. Gays have historically unprecedented rights in America. Oh, please, please, man, this guy, you talk about an idiot. What are you talking about? In some states, civil unions are recognized. Okay, adoption is recognized. Well, what we'll do. Many corporations have extended benefits to the game employees partners. Gays should stop and spell the roses and be grateful for the overwhelming tolerance that's been evidenced by all of these facts. America should not be held hostage by a small majority of extremists who's a gen is the force gay marriage down our throat. There's that gay agenda again. Says Jared and my mubi. You are a moron, man. We should kiss your feet and be thankful that you've thrown us a little bone. Oh, thank you so much. You're an idiot, Jared. Netherlands, Denmark, Canada. I could then be 80 million countries. Okay, there are a lot more rights than they have in the US of A. There are a lot more progressive in moving in the, and there's a, the Poland California that I read this morning on the SF gate San Francisco paper. Yes, even though I don't want to misquote the stats, but. Because it was a little bit, there was like 50 to 44% against gay marriage, but the constitutional amendment thing. It was there against that. And if you look at the demographics of the people that were pulled, can I say that to people that were pulled people who took the pull. Among 18 to, I think was 18 to 29 year olds. 58 to 38% of favor gay marriage. There was only when you get to the order fossils who were wandering around, maintain these status quo as the old fuddy studies. They were overwhelming against. But, of course, the younger people, guess what? They're going to be in control for just a few years. They're the ones who are going to be doing the voting. They're the ones who are going to be doing the signing. And so what I hate to break the news, Jared, but you are absolutely incorrect, sir. Get a life, read some history, get out of the country, get out of the beach once in a while. In fact, just go down on South Beach and see what they do to your ass. See in the olden days, I might have some more to say about that, but we'll let you just imagine. 12 minutes past noon at 5.60 WQM hate the last time you look at it. You decided it is really, see, I'm this copy. I think is way over the line Todd. You better get, here's another excuse for Todd to get off his lazy ass and do some new copy for fast rain. This copy is unacceptable, man. It is pornographic. It's obscene, wouldn't you agree? I would. So, if you'd like to have a bigger paycheck, if you'd like to have a life that's going somewhere instead of like moving your feet real fast and going nowhere like on a treadmill. Here's the answer. Call the folks at fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train because they can help you start a brand new high paying commuter commuter commuter career. And just for sure, a month fast train can help you get a new high paying computer career. The demand for computer professionals continues to grow so column today and get started right away and say bye bye to your dead end job. Call him toll free at 1-866 fast train. Be sure mentioned Todd directly will laugh their ass off. 7 locations for you and some floor to fast trains, bonnet have a campus convenient to where you live. Fast train offers job placement financial assistance for people to qualify with day night and weekend classes. No excuse to stay no more and that that end job. Like I said, if you register now by the end of the summer you can have yourself a new high paying career and a big fat paycheck. Check them out on the web at fast train.com and then call them toll free and turn your life around. Call 1-866 fast trains. 5-866 fast train. 6-4-2-566. 8-866 fast train. 8-866 fast train. 8-866 fast train. 8-866 fast train. 8-866 fast train. 8-866 fast train. 8-866 fast train. 8-866 fast train. 8-866 fast train. 8-866 fast train. 8-866 fast train. 8-866 fast train. 8-766 fast train. 2-3-666 fast train. 6-866 fast train. 8-866 fast train. 6-666 fast train. 8-866 fast train. 8-666 fast train. 8-866 fast train. 10-866 fast train. internet. That's the way with the future man. Forget about satellite radio because there's only how many of them are there in a country? Not good man. Nobody really has those. Nobody wants to pay. Listen to the radio. At the internet, unless you got a big fat ego, are you sure you're sure you can hear it for free? And now with the wireless technology doing what it's doing and everyone having hot spots, you can pretty much listen practically anywhere. Right, exactly on your phone. Very right. On your pop up coaster, on your wristwatch or anything. And very soon in your car. And screw-in-sit, even on some of those magical instruments that she carries around. Two bus, trombones. Uh... Any of my amy-sit, this is the... well first of all, it says, where's movie of her Johnny Foltas battleship Earth? Amen, sister. Really? Oh, man. It's not a field Earth, I believe. And he says that this is perhaps the most amusing thing that I've ever read on a facts in my life. Is it possible for a beastly affiliate to pick up Howard Schill? Oh, oh, oh. Will all do respect my answer is... No. And could have. So what do you think? And, if you stop and think about who in the South Florida market is going to pick up the Howard's Berm show, I don't... You name me somebody else at home stations beside Beesley, in a cocks and uh... infinity doesn't have any stations in a market their broomers for years they were gonna like uh... buy some they're fitting their own stations in south over dot now if the beastly's wanted to sell their stations to the infinity folks and they wanted to put a hard on they wanted to pay all the rest of us off that would be just uh... right what about uh... sunshine wireless right let's see here's a long-fax worth movie is master of the skies with that asdane carvey p s i'm leaving this year for australian i just came back from England the so-called stuffy brits a the effort all the time on vvc and they do rip the crap i see i've changed it a little bit for our development of the on is and they rip the crap out of the u s were laughing stock for them mother laughing stock of the whole world because uh... that booby thing man a it wasn't bad enough before that we had bush and they were laughing and they were also scared at the same time but now now they will fear you okay because now they realize that this whole uh... the super religious thing be afraid be very afraid when you're dealing with religious fanatics as some of you should well know you got real tourists as they say any the opia real tourists or speak of that before i take some more calls i've been no and then we got that math fudge through our love man charged after defecating in diaper can we read the story on the air well it's in the associated press like a so it's a news story from a pinaconoc new jersey and ever heard that did you know but i think i pronounce it right i hope so pinaconoc a panorist and you're the man faces child endangerment charges after allegedly showing up at a romicapic school titan a diaper and pink stretch pants did they let me keep carlos out again oh no he gets around with him road deterred fifty three was wearing an orange jumpsuit in handcuffs when he appeared to the in superior court more ston charge sale in Vincent auto one to make sure that road understood the charge lodged against him road not at his head when the judge asked if he understood the charge auto then ordered him return to mars cottage yellin loo seventy five thousand dollars bail he's scheduled to run away sucky actric of valuation no no no no on mars twelve police said he showed up at holy spirit school at the smithle per quartet in seeking a job application when his request no when his request was denied he defecated in a diaper and put on foot police said Lincoln park police arrested and pushed her time later near a supermarket all i sure up was on the outside of the supermarket and suddenly inside only get another diaper woo holy moly wow wk wham hello mr. Rogers of the sir okay uh right i just want to express my disgust with uh john hogan and the rest of those creeps in creep channel madam have it yeah man i mean it's just disgusting how first day in twenty centuries i discriminated with my color in sex non-sexuality and cigarettes and all the other crap they throw in there but uh i just wanted to add a two movies to that list phone booth with common feral and crapzilla uh see on the red planet neale all right see on mars man although i think that the bush has got to he's got to leg up on that oh we'd like to give him the other leg up on a two go ahead have a good time Georgie uh bush that is thanks phone booth and what was the other one uh he said crapzilla but i never saw that one crapzilla see i guess i should have warned the audience at it time we're not saying to my crap once in a while you know what's in my little crap is to be a is okay but too much crap is not good okay that that's the in the memo little crap is okay not too much wk wham hello that's my two continues wk wham hello yes sir hey viola just want to thank for the lovely tickets for tomorrow night's game all appreciated okay so you want those people to show it up how's number one good all right thank you sir to enjoy it my let's see who they plan to camps tomorrow that should be another win out we think the camps are like a marginal of best these days and all season long the panthers are gonna still got a shot there what seven points behind the islanders and nine behind Montreal something like that there are on fire thanks to Bobby the longer who just to keep making 35 and 40 saves again he's the best in league i haven't seen that for a long time and nobody would believe me i mean what do i know i mean i'm no guilty my cousin Matt Rogers so gay why doesn't he say so this is in the Niagara Falls report or right on the road for me a they don't forget to read that story about that oh yeah okay being a cyber gossip looks like such an easy job i i'm tempted to take it up myself the great thing about it is that you apparently don't have to talk to any of your sources i used to be in show business and i've lived and worked with a lot of great gate people my best friend from childhood and old bandmate Tim is queer and has been open about it for the past thirty years i've heard man my sister Linda is openly gay as well lives one of the red states where that can be a big problem so when cyber gossip Matt Rogers published a half a dozen demonstrably false stories last week about senator john kary having an affair with a grown woman i asked a question with no malice because it's been my observation that no one is more interested in the heterosexual doings of grown men and women than repressed homosexuals drugs who made his bones reportedly heavily on the various real image and sexual don't even says a former president bill Clinton uh has vigorously denied his homosexuality perhaps because his largely republican right wing audience would look unfavorably upon it i wrote him an email and asked if he was homosexual he didn't answer like i said i don't care what a man and woman doing a bedroom and i don't care what a man and a man doing a bedroom keep the kids out of it everything's fine by me but drugs seem to take great delay in peaking under other people's covers while at the same time failing to fess up to his behavior uh his political bedfell is my team on natural grudges pals and the media the drug-addled russian involved is surely married and estranged from her family doctor lora have similar problems so does the family values harpy and colter who remains childish and unmarried and has demonstrably lied about everything from breast-present and cheneys resume to her own age on driver's license is taken out in various states bill Bennett from our education secretary drugs are another one of drug's favorites as proven to be a degenerate gambler as records of his million dollar losses in fagus and idlactic city show the worst of all is probably fox news punnett bill or rally who's phony populist poliver seemingly is convinced men he's looking out for you when in fact he's a lying racist coward sometimes being in the media business is something you're almost ashamed to admit prejudice homosexuality doesn't disturb me nor does Bennett's gambling degeneracy limbo's drug use colters obvious mental problems or arise hypocrisy it's a free country and we're pretty much allowed to go around sing whatever we want i guess he hadn't got the message yet Mike and agro falls the man travels slowly what bothers me is that those were the piu these were the people who worked in tandem to get George's w elected somehow bush lost by half of an in both and still got under the white house somehow when he did get and he used every tool at his disposal to be distributed to wealth in this country from the poor middle class to the rich throw three men in people out of working get about 550 brave young american and women killed in war we didn't have to fight phony's in cowards like drudge or rally dr. Laura limbo and colter facilitated this and how they have the nerve to call those who disagree with them traders none of them served in the military indeed none of them were fit to serve in the military and yet now they presumed to tell the rest of us who is new is not patriotic the SEC had it up by colons kid michael is launched in investigation in the how janit Jackson's breast it's most interesting part covered by what look like a sheriff's badge got on a TV for a nanoseconder in the annually abysmal half time show with a super bowl the SEC would do better looking in the shows like a rylees which played the clip over and over and again for a straight weekend slow motion or limbo's radio broadcast which he's admittedly done high a clear violation of the SEC code in a meantime I want to know whether the conservatives slime myster matrug is a closet at homosexual since he won't respond any of who ladies out they're with a pertinent information may contact me either by corner email oh this is great this is he's got his uh email that's a beautiful thing from the Niagara Falls report is my cousin since he won't respond any of you ladies out there with any pertinent information may contact me to my phone or email 20 six past uh no come out come out wherever you are miss budge hey this is the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are incredible you pay zero closing calls zero application fee zero credit bureau fee and zero discounted points get yourself that new unbeatable low interest rate of just 1.25 percent if you have 100,000 alone your payments are a mere 334 bucks a month if you have a 200,000 alone you pay only 668 a month what's not to life and don't forget once you'll be finance you're gonna know how mortgage from financial group you will never ever pay closing calls again so call them toll free at that new number one eight six six three nine five land get the low rate mortgage a zero then move out of your next property with no further cost expense you pay zero underwriting fees zero dot fees zero closing costs even when you move to another property get the new low financing rate of just 1.25 percent with the only one mortgage from financial group and never ever pay closing costs again call them today there's a obligation they'll explain it to you for all the sales financial group it's one eight six six three nine five land that's one eight six six three nine five leandee there were equal housing lender restrictions apply rates are subject to change monthly 4.21 APR you Oh, hold, until you explode. Just like your fat fat choded ladies After you bite your sheets on a plane Spilling your fingers that have yellow skin from Tito And to your toes After piggy pooed old Now to be fat disgusting and tasty Oh, holy, holy You make the children win this mile I like the cows that have dancing Things may be bad so repulsive and mild Your body cheese melts like a creme After it was occupied by head As their need a shoe or two get in the air car And then you go, you're done and wild On a quince quince quince quince quince quince quince quince quince quince quince quince quince quince quince quince quince Fatiess is in with your numberless beans Savor in the start of the tree between their beans Okay, on that point let's dump that Yeah I was just, I listened to as much of that as I couldn't bring And then I broke myself Well, that's going to happen one of these days soon We'll be in the middle of a bit because we can't remember all of the lyrics And then I said, well, I was supposed to hear it start Because of course I know the words I sing them often Oh, do you? Sure, I'm just saying back in the news So we, you know, we make no apologies And certainly we didn't keep in game We're near that tree Rosio Donald, I guess you probably did Rosio Donald a merry-girlfriend You go girlfriend Former Tacho host Rosio Donald said she planned to marry her long-time girlfriend San Francisco today More than 3300 other same sex couples of time That not since February the 12th You might want to add that one to your list Oh, Donald announced her plan wedding to a Kelly Carpenter On ABC's, oh, she's not marrying Is that her name? I don't know Oh, yeah, that's her royal fruit On ABC news is good morning America Just two days after President Bush called for a constitutional Amendment banning game marriage In fact, he said the president's call Spurder to come to San Francisco Where city officials continue to perform same sex weddings Even as the legality of those marriages have been considered by state courts And to her on the beaches No way I think the ashes of the president are in my opinion The most violent hateful words ever spoken by a sitting president Or Donald said in the program I'm stunned and I'm horrified I find this proposed amendment very very very very Shocking one two three four four various shocking and a moral And you know if civil disobedience is a way to go about change And I think a lot of people are going to be going to San Francisco And I hope they put more people on the steps to marry as many people As show up on a hope everyone shows up Oh, Donald said she decided to marry Carpenter a former dancer Marking director at Nickelodeon during her recent trial in New York over the Now-de-funct rosy magazine We applied for spousal privilege and were denied it by the state As we solved everything that I said to Kelly Every letter that I wrote to her every email Every correspondence of a conversation was entered in the record Oh, Donald said after the trial I am now will forever be a total Proponent of game marriage When you go girl Fat girl Stay away from the tree, okay Cause they hear the dog then number on it Right Joe and Southmine he's got a great fact here two but I can't read this on either Ha ha ha ha P.S. he says though the matrix suck so the matrix I guess now If we got that on there we got one of them are there we can put the that one the original The original one the original matrix What was the absolute worst movie the past 15 years Blair-Witch project 133 from Justin to Kelly 40 G. Lee 34 the past of crisis got about 30 minutes only been out of day and a half While Wild West 29 Make her's revolution 22 the crime game and Batman and Robb Beach have 19 Freddy got fingered 17 oops set of woman 13 the Mexican 13 Six to raise a separation 12 pulp fiction nine Pitanic eight Born on the fourth of July 7 King or Kung Pao on the rest of its 7 And then I'm not reading that battlefield or six But in the sky five pro Harbor 3 a predi do a kiss to see I want to say one thing to the audience, okay Well say a few things But anybody would say well gee you know you're really a cave in and see the choices he do this Either we'd like go over the line and not be on the air it'd be out on the street on the beach Or we just use the old common sense it's called self preservation Survival like I said you can be stupid and stubborn and you can be both of those things And it just ain't gonna get anywhere so just kiss your radio right now that at least worst of all me here today I think it's said on the beach with your righteous and dignity Whether righteous brother the one that's left Let's see here is another facts from anonymous why everybody's anonymous now. I know he's checking your facts machines WQAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Did anybody choose the movie crossroads? Not yet with Britney Spears and Scott Doniew. Oh my gosh. Herbal movie. I can only imagine herbal movie Why did Chris Hawk kill funny Rosenberg? Closer from John Hogan. You got that crossroads. Yeah, got it. We got it. Closer from John Hogan present in a clear channel regarding the Howard Stearn Show was vulgar Well, we know that according to Hogan if you're not offended when sold about the Howard Stearn Show if you don't fight it vulgar You have no sense of common. These is he how nicely thinks so highly of Howard's listeners A poem for the masses first they came for Howard Stearn as the title of this from anonymous First they came for Howard Stearn as then I did not speak up because I was not Howard Stearn and then they came for the gaze And I did not speak up because it was not gay then they came for cable and I didn't speak up because I have a dish and then they came for me and there was no one left to speak out for me Also, here's the third channel website So oh this is good. So hopefully it provides people with list of stations to boycott and South Florida. That's a really good idea Especially since ratings are going on constantly you might want to go to South Florida trading zone.com slash stations dot HTML And I'll give you a list of all the clear channel stations and then you don't have to subsidize them in any way And you certainly don't have to listen to them And well, you certainly won't tell anybody that you ever would think of listening to their channels South Florida trading zone.com slash stations dot HTML. I'm saving that And don't forget John Hogan the CEO of cheap channel is busy singing a song the dance and being so much holier than now in Washington right now before your oncious Congress CEO of cheap channel 210 San Antonio Texas 210 area code 822 2828 leave a voicemail on your pissed off and fired up 822 2828 Let's see it says maybe oh maybe measly will pick up Howard Are you people ever going to get it? You must be dreaming It says turn is on beastly's krock 96.94 Myers Naples. Oh, I didn't know that No, that's WWE C and sister station year old am station maybe beastly will pick up Howard. What do you think? Oh, huh. I can't believe that can you why not? We knew why not the beastly's have got Howard on in four miars. Maybe they got him for cheap On 96.9 krock. Well, hallowa. Let's get them on. Let's start them on Monday morning. What do you say? Sure, huh? Would fit right in. We might actually take a poll on that maybe tomorrow. There are the last of you. No, seriously. What are you laughing about? I'm serious. Let's take a poll. Oh, you can give it to the powers of be they can zip it over on a fax to the beastly's in Tampa. I mean, we're going to lay our naples But it'll never happen here on this line. I mean, see don't be so they feed us, okay? All right. I mean, I don't want to mess with Joe Rose and certainly the other Howard That's what we do. The other Howard. We can stick on like two to five in the morning. Move Joe in the markup a little bit. Huh? He's used to getting up really now. Am I right? Absolutely. No mind. And guilty. He can just, you know, do sports updates. He can just hang out with the the beast and clearance. When when parents gave me that son of a dance about why do do do one show. Just as a joke just for fun. Not the regular show, but about. I just about drop my own load here and I'm not sure. I'm not clear. It's you. He really is sad. He's pathetic. I mean, yeah, he's okay, but he's pathetic. You know what I mean? No. Allen says for a truly unwatchable movie experience, you have to go with the meme. More is passion of mind. Tale of a woman who goes to sleep in dreams. They completely separate existence. This movie defines pointlessness. As an aside on the ads for Mel's new movie, I can't bring myself actually mentioned the piece of direct by name. There's a credit of a male Gibson film. Now call me cynical if you like, but if this movie wasn't made a huge ego trip for Gibson, then why the hell is that credit there? Questions that need to be asked. The FCC needs to investigate. Is that right? But he is going to only make $25.00 after I did put up 25 minutes of his own money to make that the piece of violent garbage. He's going to make $25.00. So like he says, what's not to like, and his father says, the Jews. Twenty-two one at five sixty W.M. Enter-regs diabetic is a really delicious meal replacement drink that just happens to be made for people living with diabetes, but anybody looking to cut down on it, I'm just fattening sugar can drink it and enjoy it because an erect diabetic is sweetened with splendor, which doesn't leave that nasty aftertaste, like he get from drinks that are made with aspiratemen's saccharine. That's aspiratemen's say real fast. It's recommended by doctors and notitians from people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a big fat bottomed hurry. And where's diabetic? You see what I'm going to do is I'm going to go like way beyond just to show how solid the whole thing is right. And where's diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all the essential vitamins of minerals you need for a healthy life plus fiber and the oxidant here that's low insaturated fat, low inculest raw to and and where's diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free to. And eight ounce can provide you with 237 delicious calories of easy to digest nutrition. You try and where's diabetic? What's an archaea tale about how it's life on it? You'll never go back to what you were drinking before. Absolutely. That's how it. And now you can pick it up all over town. It's at public's Walgreens, Eckerds Navarro, Sedano's CVS, other local pharmacies or you can get yourself a free two pack. I just make it one easy call. They give you one chocolate and one vanilla and that two pack. Call tool free 1-866-3683739 or factory at order for yourself online at enterax diabetic.com and click on what says free samples. Just recognize that word free. In fact, tell me that in the ill-sensual bar for the delicious one get an additional free special gift to when you make the call. Calm today and get your free two pack. 1-866-3683739 My life and local this is for 3-0-564. You will only have. What gives plate those with a free? What? In the couch, you change. I had a deep new pie. Here in jail there's no way that I can go. They surround the prison jar. Not free to walk down the street. In the stab they're calling me fresh meat. Some bodies in the golden fire. But soon it will be shall we die. Now the world rises, I dream and drive. Now it's a world I don't look good in strides. Lapse in the couch, you change. If no fun in the pain. Lapse in the couch, you change. Lapse in the couch, you change. I dream and drive. Well, 146-14-156-911-911-911. The Hebrew hammer at 4-7-0. Hercane's baseball tonight. Now who is doing that game? No. Doesn't say here on my schedule. I would name surprise with it. Is it a secret? Probably just as well the Hebrew secret. Because I have that one facts. I heard this from J.J. He says, Mr. Shuan Monday, but did anyone call in about to play by play the hurricane baseball game on Sunday? Is that a fact we did have that one call? Remember? Yes. That bitter complaint? It says, It says, Fathboy and Clarence were in rare but true form. Meaning the beast of course, aka Brian London, the beast. If the beast would have stopped eating for only 15 seconds, you might have understood something he was saying. You would hear him chewing, then slurping on a shake that he would say something like, a ball, a ball, a slurp, two under a hand. Good job, Hugh Amit says. My little brothers available for you and basketball game this weekend. If you're going to improve your broadcast, Joe and Southmine were pretty porked off about that whole thing. With Clarence and his boyfriend, the beast. It is tragic. But you're catching a shot on sports. Just once, just one day. And then maybe you're liking you and doing every day's sports? No. No Clarence, you idiot. You more on you, Quizzling. He was crestballing and then he put it back. And then he went, put it away. Let's see, the nation's top radio host Rush Lomba. Oh, oh, oh, oh, look at this. Yes. He missed her. Missed fudge is can't stop doing it. The nation's top radio host Rush Lomba, Warder growing government intervention in broadcasting content. No. Lomba made the comments after his paracomedy cheap channel drop by it comes Howard Stern from its stations. Smot on TV gets praised. Smot on TV wins Emmys on radio. There seems to be different standards Lomba explained. I've never heard Howard Stern, but when the federal government gets involved in this, I get old frightened. Even the Rush might do is get nervous. Okay, pop another one. Come you down or maybe whip you up. And we're going to sit by and let the federal government get involved in this. If this government is going to take is going to censor what they think is right and wrong. What happens when a whole bunch of John Kerry's retiree McCallow start running this country and decide conservative use are leading to violence. Oh, that's what he's worried about. So now that it's okay if his people are doing the censoring. But in other words, if liberals get a whole bit of Democrats, then it's going to be really bad. I'm in the free speech business. It's one thing for a company to determine if they're going to be a party to it. It's not something for the government to do it said Rush. Who's doing the outrage? How do you like that? Even a Rush might be just foaming at them out. Pop another couple. There you go. By the way, will move here be over to eight. Johnny and Miami says I'm appalled at the recent events concerning the FCC and Michael Powell. When he was appointed as chairman for his outstanding qualifications such as having similar DNA to colon Powell, I know he was going to implant right wing idealism. All he needed was a scapegoat. Unfortunately, Janet Jackson's plan's stunt. That was a wrong one. Thank you. To divert attention from her disgusting brother and Jennifer interest in her album gave Paul the excuse to establish the third wife. Howard Stern may ask WVU end of broadcast to show that Paul may shut down all independent radio stations or let them be conquered by his cheap channel Gestapo. Hopefully you enjoyed stay on the air. You guys are for the only entertainment on QM. Though Mad Dog is the SNAT hit to see Moe conquer the waves with guilty, Smooching behind him or smooching his behind. QM is a Nazi in disguise with Moe since he kisses corporate Tush and keeps guest off the air waves unless there is buddies. I just hope Bush and Company get sacked in November and TV and radio will be allowed to breathe again. Though the election may be... What does this say forced in the country will sink deeper into fashion? It might be fixed I think is what Johnny's trying to say. And then I can't read whatever you say on the PS3. Didn't turn out and probably just as well. Speaking of QMR investigated team found the answer to your question. What was my question? Who's going to be doing that game? Oh yes? Jericho Gadgetty. Socks? Okay. Yeah. Oh Joseph Gadgetty in the beast. And then another's character is going back in his cage where he belongs. Come up with some more neat ideas like some of those rejoins to say. Aren't you grateful that we're doing sports all day long instead of boring other talk? Huh. Yeah. You know that was a shot. That was a shot. That was a shot. Yeah. And of course he denied it. You know when I was there, of course look at me writing the face instead of coming up with some phony answer. That was a shot. And in other words, you only talked that's interesting is sports over your dead body clearance man. I'm going to say again, if we didn't have interesting phenomenal personalities like the mad dog in the hump around for example. And a little dog. We didn't have those people on here. We wouldn't have any audience because you see what audience sports talk draws with me, you know, on the fan. And now I'm fox with melee mouth people that nobody ever heard of. It doesn't draw squilt. Squat squat. Squat. Squat. You can't even make up new words. That's illegal. But see, here's one from Brad Brad read. Please put down at Russell Crowcrap a beautiful mind. Plus it says if Jesus would get it was gay, would he be a passion fruit. Oh, that's actually just that's bad. I think we give that thing. The positive man that's bad. You got it for beautiful mind. Got it. How can you say that? Well, what was he was in it? So rush is getting a little bit all on fire. What's going to happen? See, I hate to break the news to you rush and go, no confusing with the facts. But it's not carry. And it's not a Terry McCall. Even though of course they don't have the balls to stand up to it. But it's not that boring charge right now. It's your fan. It's the bush family. It's the Nazi fan. Those are the ones who enthrers and they know they can get away with it because they put these other people in a position. Why, you're not going to defend smutting stuff like that, are you? Oh, no. I can do that. No. That's bad. No. So do you want the line up of K Rock? What do you mean by that? Just to confirm that Howard isn't eat on the schedule. So I know he's on. He's still on. Well, why do we need to go? They fact. They're sitting so there. Well, I'm sure they must screen his show. He's certainly not working for a much bigger company than we are. And if he must screen their show, at least that show, right? Presumably. Right. So they can go to K Rock or any other like major stations that he's on. I'll say it again. Cheap channel only had Howard on six stations. Unfortunately for the Howard Stern fans in South Florida, big was one of them, but he and Orland was another one. And the other ones were like in Rochester. I mean, who cares about Rochester said my friend brother wee's and Pittsburgh and San Diego More with the other one. There were six. I don't know. Louville. Small potatoes. So my only was far away the biggest of the markets that he was in that he's off now because of their channel. So they got 1200 stations and a whole bunch of Marlac and little like in Geneva and in Ifcelani and Ronda Quay places like that. September 11th Commission urges Rice to testify publicly bushed to meet full panel. They don't want no part of that. The federal commission reviewing the 911 attacks expressed disappointment yesterday with National Security Advisor Condolese, a rise for refusing to testify in public. It all kind of leased. They said please the condolese and she said no. Although we've met privately with Dr. Rice, we believe the nation will be well served by the contributions she can make the public understanding on the intelligence and policy issues being examined by the commission. They tend to remember panel setting a statement. The bipartisan commission also urged President Bush and Vice President Cheney talked to the full commission instead of just the chairman and vice chairman. The commission plans meetings in March with Bush Cheney former President Clinton and former Vice President Court of Discussed what they knew before the 2000s Montetax. Clinton and Gore have agreed to meet with a full panel but haven't said whether they'll testify publicly. Clinton said okay as long as you don't ask me about Monica and that's staying. White House spokesman Scott McClellan said Bush was still discussing the time and format of the meetings. Bush has said he didn't think his public testimony was necessary. Right. Oh everything's got to be behind closed doors like those energy meetings with Cheney. Everything's got to be a big secret government and the dark. That's what they like in the dark behind closed doors. And then they just lie to you. They just make it up as they go along. Look at that clear which project, whether there's just nobody you're right, George said that right off the bat. What was the absolute worst movie the past 15 years? Blair was project 150 out of 522. It wasn't just bad. It was a cruel, dirty businessman. And then of course a lot of people got sucked into spending money to go see and they really got been out of shape. Yeah. Right. So from Justin to Kelly 52, G. Lee 39, Passion of the Christ 37. It's only been out of day and a half. I'll say it again. Day and a half. While while rest 36, matrix revolution 25, the crying game 21, Batman and Robin 20, Freddy got 19. I'm not saying that. Crazy. Don't even think it loudly. No. I don't want to see it. That's pretty. I'm sure. Senatewoman 16, a ride. Battlefield, earth 16, the Mexican 13, 60 reasons separation that was George's 13, Paul fiction 12, Titanic 10, everybody else single digits. Kind of like probably what happened to Freddy. You know, single digit. We can only hope for his say. Which one? WQM hello. QM. Yes sir. Yes, the object. Speaking. Speaking. Yeah, okay. And I was talking to you, schmuck. He lost his cohons right there on the floor. What was that? I beg your pardon. Floor? On the floor. FLO. Remember she used to be one of the Supreme's. Prop 56 at 560 QAM. My life and love. This is for 25. You. Oh my favorite republicans. This is Madras. And it's time for the skills they are floating. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers. One to two. Power. I want to follow the specification. The skills you're teaching. The skills you're teaching. The skills you're teaching. The skills you're teaching. The skills you're teaching. The skills you're teaching. Like the power one and all. With a food that. Not for bow, down, down, there'll be back. He don't want you to ever see that. All the do-one think all the same crap. And a qualified spoiled didn't write. Got the game that he gave from his old man. That's what tell you where the hell is. And that he blew that car on ground the flesh. He blew the shell out of the cage. And the yucky things so long from you to that day. Your game is a queen. Like a palmon and a home where the food that. And little fire and jitter, he fired that you showed that. He had a mind of five year old man. Violet is good, but it's a sin so bad. He's the grandest record real kid alone now. That's you and John, that he got from his dad. We got a marvelous death, C C, Baby, don't bother jealousy and do it, T. That's your old responsibility. He didn't hold that's a co-piling with death. I don't want the baby shit, you're a kid. Like a palmon and a home where the food that. He didn't like what he saw when he died. The one thing that good out of life is predicting. The one that he had an air wave with Howard's third clones. It's part of the problem. The baby has been the one getting in trouble for the last several years. Yes. Now, I'm speaking with broadcast executives this morning. They say all these moves by clear channel, obviously an effort to improve their image on the Even this capital hill. No, I can't believe that. Little a bird from Howard. Actually, I wasn't saying any, Robin was doing all the talking. And this usual full of crap, but then he raped. No, Howard's turn on cheap channel and don't hold your breath to see it come back. I think it'll be Monday morning on Q.A.M. New morning show preceding us. Yeah, Greg just popped in and said he's going to go work on it right now. I'll bet he did. Was he scratching his head when he said it? Not as head. Watch it. I just said nothing. 102 at 560, WQA.M. Back home on a really bizarre Thursday. Boy, no Howard's turn. Cheap channel in the six markets, most of which forget about him. But nevertheless dropped Howard's turn. And of course, the big hearing is going on right now. And John Hogan, the CEO. Oh, Chief channel is testifying. Oh, apologizing wants to apologize. And that material never should have gone on our air. And Howard's turn is a potty mouth. And we apologize. Thought of folks believe maybe that keeps the door open for him. Possibly returning to those stations. He keeps he keeps saying this. But it seems to me that this clown is Hogan guy said. No, we've terminated from our stations. And we will not put him on again. So this guy, but at least not listening to what Hogan is saying. Right, or your show. Well, that's for sure. I mean, who would want to listen to this? 560, pon 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line on a very ugly day is democracy is officially dead in the USA. In fact, we're going to have a headline here in a paper. Democracy declared officially dead in the US. Hey. WQAM. Hello. Hi. I want to talk to you a little bit of this something about one of the actors that I died recently. Speaking. Hey, Neil. Yeah. One of the actors by the name of Carl Anderson. Ironically, he happened to play Judas and Jesus Christ Superstar. Really? He kicked a bucket yesterday for lack of better terms. Oh, no. So yeah. Jesus Christ. Oh, what can Jesus Christ do? Perhaps those words, well, watching past them the grungies. Hmm. So with that in mind, because I just have to ask. Thanks for the bad news. Oh, no, Bob. Have a good one. Thank you, sir. Greg and Miami, like says, ironically, my headphones are working properly, but I'm listening to Russian. I can only hear the right side of my ear plugs. When I tune in to your show, only the left side. Where's what do you think that means? I think it means you need to get rid of, uh, you have an arrest problem. Greg, trying to be very amusing. Uh, let's see. I care here in Penfield. David Rochester. He cares. Oh, that's right because the stirrens often Rochester. So we got somebody listening in Rochester. One of that's my friend Dave. That went to school with that. I had to be new with it. Could be. Anyway, their pissed off and Rochester folks, their peo did a Louisville. They're foaming at the mouth in San Diego. They're psychotic in Miami and in Orlando, it's talking about what a Mickey Mouse operation clear channel is. And who's the other one on a Pittsburgh. They still can't see what's going on. Too much crap from the coal mines. A Pittsburgh's a little bit on the issue. Once he's side. 560, 750, 60 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. WCWM. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. Excellent. My suggestion for your poll on the worst movie ever. Yes, sir. Who do you think? If I can say that. Oh, watch it. Yeah, it was with Chris Rock. It was about this black gangster pin that says neighborhood that uses his belt as a weapon. Yeah. It was this really nasty. The only movie I've ever walked out on. What word did you say? Who do you think? Who do you think? Who do you think? That's a good thing. You're a pro. You'll be knocking on you during a few minutes. 567. Yeah. Oh, and we got that. Now I think we can still play that. Can't we? What? I know. Ah, Martha, I can't get up. What do you mean? Well, you older. I'm getting the tougher. It is to climb out of bed and start the day. George doesn't know it. At this morning, he's getting pruned. A brand new breakfast drink that'll get him up and acted before he knows it. Here, honey. Drink this. Mmm. That bed tastes like grammar and juicentuna. I'm feeling good. I feel like a good move amountin. Come here, you little muffin. Oh, George. So let age get you down. Try the new breakfast drink, sweeping the rest homes of America. New pruned tang. Pruned tang. It stores everywhere. Oh, yeah. They're all with that. Certainly big and soft Florida. Right? Sure. Put a new wrinkle into our whole of dealer. I've never heard that bit before apparently. I see. And the reviews are in. Enjoyed it. Well, that's good. There's one we can play. Mark it down. Well, back. Starting with a idea. I got a whole new idea. Instead of making a list of the ones that we can't play anymore, let's make a real short list of the ones that we still can't play. Okay. We're up to one. There's one. For your up to one. That's our count. WQM. Hello. Okay. I talked to you earlier today about what happened on Zeta. And what I wanted to ask you is, what happens with all the advertisers that, you know, page of advertising on the Howard Stern Show and all the people. The old cancel. The old go away. And I mean, there's up in that they can see or do about this. I mean, because they can't force them to put a program on all like new as cancel advertising. We can't force them to put it back on. Yeah. Oh, it's just amazing. I just come to this. Hey, that's the understanding of the century. Good luck to us, pal. I'll see you right at the board of the right of the falls. Hopped across swim swim swim. Five, six. I'm Tony. I mean, I know it. I know it because people listen to the show. It's all about Danielle. Cheryl is the hysterical man. He sure gets everybody whipped up out. And they think that I was exaggerating. But you could smell it, man. The aroma from Michael Powell. It was just unbelievable. And you could see that these psychotic look on this face and the, they fained outrage. And I underlined the word fained. Fained outrage. This is disgusting. And this is just an excuse for them to take over your waves. It's just part of the whole fascist movement in America. So when I told you a long time ago that a bunch of Nazi stole the election and have taken over your government, you better goose step in line or else. And we had the attorney general put in a sheet over a statue. So we can cover up a woman's breast. I mean, what are we talking about here, breasts? And then, of course, the constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage, which is so important not. So they can pan into these fundamentalist lunatics. We've got the religious nuts. And the irony, like I said before, the irony is that after 9-11, and we saw our graphic, grotesque example of what fundamentalist religious extremism is all about. And that's what's taken over this country. And everybody's screaming, oh, where's our samba? And there's still a few Taliban running around. And we got to get these Muslims. Yeah, I'm not so worried about it. I'm not nearly as worried about the Muslims. The fundamentalist lunatics in this country right now, right? And the one's running it. The one's who took over who stole it right in broad daylight. And you talk about an October surprise. I don't think that, see, my philosophy is this. I don't think that there's anything. And I do mean anything that they won't do to hang out of the reigns of power. Whatever it takes, that's what they'll do. They're evil, doers. They're the evil, doers. W-Q-A-M, hello. Q-A-M? Yes, sir. Hey Neil, I got a suggestion for you. Yes, go ahead. Glitter. Glitter. Yeah, the one's turned to crap. Okay, thanks, Palik Glitter. He said there was protest light. It blew. U-P. W-Q-A-M, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, hi, does sir. I'm doing all right. I'm hanging. Love you. Where do you show? Yeah. I just want to ask George equation. Do you know any escort side, where I can go and pick up something? Yeah, you can pick up something. And then, Rush can get some pills to help make it go away. He's afraid of her animals. Where you can pick up something, yeah. Look at my directory. I think it's called Clamidia. Five or worse. Five, oh, oh, they're Neil and somebody's hammering in my idea. Yeah, can you hear it? No, maybe it's Jesus. Oh, my goodness, I think they're hammering some of their passion pills. Is it a crucifying right there on the roof? All right. Oh, there he goes. He just fell down again. Come here, do it, and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? All right. All right. No, I know you've been reading about a whole bunch of cover ups and stuff about the government, but there's a big cover up. We want down here and stuff for the jury about it yet? No, well, but what? Well, Dave wants that. Yeah. He wants that. Yeah. Yeah. He wants that. Yeah. He wants that. He wants that. He wants that. He wants that. He wants that. He wants that. He wants that. He wants that. Yeah. He wants that. He wants that. And we just found that. Oh, wow. Sounds really touchy. Feed me call up on the sports. I'm sure that would be late to talk about. I think Clarence put him up to make a call. Don't you? No question. It's a sports call. Do we care about touchy feeling? What's that? Call up a mad dog. He will irraculate on all he can. He'll get all whipped up into a frenzy. I'm sure. What was the absolute worst movie the last 15 years? Like I said, Blair Wetch, nobody going to touch that 157 from Justin to Kelly 62. G 40 45 with your friend J. Lowe and Ben. What's his name? Ben. Ben. Gover. G 45 passed into the Christ 40. Wow. Wow. The revolution, revulsion 27, battlefield earth 23, the crying game 22, Freddy got in 21 and Batman arrived in 20. Instead of woman 18, I have a throw there there. Set a rule one. 12 minutes after one at 560, QM, all look at that. Allegiance services. The second day general's office says, if true, the allegation is disturbing. It's disturbing. Okay, London disturbing things going on. 560 560, the ringer's all yours. QM. Oh, new FCC approved MTV. We cleaned up our act in accordance with the project for the new American Century. Carson, daily. Yeah, you're out of here. We got a brand new MTV DJ by digging up the body of Snoopy Lanson. Hey, Snoopy, you're out. Oh. Well, that didn't work out too well. So we found someone even less exciting than a dead man. We cured new MTV DJ Terry Smith. Hello, I'm Harry Smith. Join me tonight for the reintroduction of the internationally famous team group from Australia. The Seeker. The Seeker. The Seeker. On continue with food. Starting tonight. On the UFC, the food. And on TV. This has been working in education's commissioner Michael Power. I'm certainly old friends. I'm going to quote the report. We're going to be taking a break. I'm going to have to switch the fight for the movie. On 17 at 560, WQAM, while we're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We're going to be in the country. We want to spend the change to law. You don't understand, by the way. They got tour. Yeah. On your poll, if anyone votes against you, you consider them crazy people. Right. But the majority for your vote are the same people. Oh, sure. I can't tell you these things over the phone because you'll hang up on me before I finish the first sentence because I don't agree with you. Right. That's why I'm eating your whole factshmuck. I think if people have both sides to give their opinions, they'll show it without standing. Well, guess what? Anybody can give their opinion whatever they want until I make that ass out of themselves and that's what they move on. And of course, I know that rush allows everybody to, well, right. You both sides, honey. Sure. It takes a while. But because you want to allow people to speak who agree with you, you're constantly losing the ought, loosening the audits. But not you, though, John. Obviously, you're listening every minute of every day. You're loosening the audience who once had before you turn your show in a way. For our agree only with an ill show. You've become the same person. You're constantly complaining the other side is. By the way, Clinton was impeached not because of what he did, but because he lied under Roth. Yeah, about sex. It was in this part of sexual dialysis. What it was all about. Okay. And thanks very much for being a loyal religious listener, John. And I'm sure that if you're picked to fill out one of them diaries, that you'll put honestly down that you're listening to us round the clock day after day after day. And we'll continue doing so until I crook. Okay. Because lines are sent. That is correct. How many QAIM? Hello. Yeah. I want to talk to Neil. Speaking. Neil, I just want to call and see these assassinating times we live in. You can wake up in the morning. Look at the paper and find out which celebrity of yours has been stripped. Absolutely. And I also just wanted to say that it seems like other countries when they have a problem with the government, they seem to be throwing a lot of rocks. So as one of you might want to recommend, we do a little more rocks, they're only here in this country. Maybe there. There. I go on and get a box right now as a matter of fact. Okay. Well, if you can organize that, you put something on your website about a good rock throw. Okay. We're going to be doing that this weekend. I think. I'll be showing up. All right. Thanks, Neil. Let's see. Here's one. It says. This is funny. I'm always waiting for you to get the funny one. Mr. Rogers effective immediate. This is says, the FCC Washington D.C. It's a it's a QT. Mr. Rogers effective immediately. We're installing an electrode into your private tunnel. And I will personally monitor your show. Back to him. Any offensive remarks, bits, etc. Will bring a jolt of 12,000 volts. Hope you enjoyed. Covering yourself accordingly. And that's our usual facts or mic. I just go on mic and quit the use net last name again. Perfect. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. On a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. W to QA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. This is clear channel, right? I mean, uh, Neil Rogers show. That sounds like a shot at me. This is not clear channel, man. Neil Rogers. That sounds like me. Hey, it's you. Yeah. I was talking to the guy. All right. No, you want to talk to them. I just want that number for clear channel to complain to. Please watch our 310. It's San Antonio Texas 210. 822. 822. 2828. 2828. 2828. 2828. 2828. No, nothing. The schwucks name is John Hogan. You won't get him. John Hogan. John Hogan. Yes. They got a voice mail. Then you get that number. Leave me just rip him an ass. And this number out to a lot of people. Everybody, you know, right at on restroom walls. Put it in your glory holes anywhere you can. Yes sir. All right. Good job. There you go. John Hogan, the CEO. Man, you're going to be in a day. You're going to be up to your earlobe with emails and letters and phone calls and voice mail and females. It's going to be wild time for you, Mr. Hogan. He will care because there's a lot of people out there. In fact, I would say probably, well, let's see, rush on one hand. But that's a political thing. You know, how is probably got the biggest audience of any syndicated show of the Russian America when you think I would think so. But of course, if you happen to be unfortunate enough to live in one of those cheap channel markets and that one would be too surprised if infinity caves in pretty soon too. This is I only see this as the tip of the iceberg with that. Sure. Because milk karma is already and like I said before, when you've got four delays for dump buttons and a 90 second delay and you still let stuck along here like that somebody isn't doing their job. 90 said I'm not talking about heart either. Huh? At that same attorney. A minute and a half. We got a seven second delay. They've got a minute and a half delay. And now CBS and the other networks are going to be this five minute delay because of the Janet flat. Seriously, you people, you need to sit down and stare at the wall and kind of plate your naval. Think about this. On the Super Bowl half time telecast. This is what this is all at least. This is the excuse. This is the rationale behind this new crackdown on immorality on the indecency on the areas for a second and a half. We saw a partially covered booby. And America has come a part of the seams. Does this not tell you a lot of what you need to know? Absolutely. I want to give you a kiss. I'll bet, but not in the public. Man, when it held us at stop. And the mainstream media, you know, the big CNN MSNBC. Why aren't they under screaming instead of putting these any other talking head to world, you know, this is really disgusting and it, you know, come on. Hey, do we want to let Channel 4 in here for some reason? For why? Absolutely not. Okay. Didn't think so. We have a crack no more. And especially, you know, let's see Channel 4 day. Now that's the all uh, right. Yeah, we have a big expectation. Tell me you're come on later. You can be on a station with the Elliott Rodriguez and everybody, all the other Rodriguez. Not even. We're on the channel 4 in for what? Oh, do it take pictures of the needles moving. No. Not necessarily not. I just thought it. No chance. We don't play that game anymore. Okay. With the local media. Now, if Channel 10 were coming one more time and quite loaded, I want to do another show on eating. Well, we can't say that. We can't. On eating. I'm full of this. And. Well, I was going to say something else. I can't say that. Anything. It was a certain fruit that is pink on the inside, but. Oh, see. Can I? Everything I, everything you say. Right. Everything you say when I said that's pink on the inside. There we go again. Right. Public renets? No. Don't say it. Great fruit. It's the pits. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond, 5, 60 on the AT&T. He's a rise of our list line. You got that end. You got that end. Marine music. A rise. I think here's the new format folks. All in all day. I owe all the words. All the way. What's going for me for? All the friendly heaven Jesus. All right. That'll teach you. You mentioned I was candidate anymore. We're going to stick in, Murray on your ANDC line. How do you like that? And Murray and her mustache. WCWAM Hello. Hello, hello, just a radio free America the last one man you got it Listen, I was just wondering when does your a bush comes on the airways next to them tells us that No one's allowed to get married anymore, which in our responsibility? Probably a good idea Listen, Neil, where's the closest quarter checkpoint because I need to get the hell out of the I'll see you right as the inaugural crossing man What the peace bridge in Buffalo on the way to me favor Your good, you know anywhere I can go on the internet and download cuz I'll light I need to get some free music before they come Oh my big deal Yeah, right right 26 after one is five sixty w to Q a m America man your freedoms are gone you wanted to play this old game with these right wingers stream It's oh he's okay, and he wouldn't lie to us and these people are over there this war is well-bored wild and I was a bad man and oh the way he was a bad man We're talking to adults. He was a bad man and currently he's a keeps repeating that to he was a bad man Evil two well how come we stuck him in in the first place in 82 and how come we give all those weapons? So we could kill the Iranians huh and guess the good that are men and how come are you are good buddy Cheney and Alibut and we're doing business with him just let's see three is seven years ago And how come we got that picture of rumsel over there shaking his hand would have been smiling as post he was a bad man What we just didn't know right like Pinnish said we didn't know about him. We didn't know about Noriega We didn't know about the Shah of Iran and his Savak they used to people people stinger nails out Careful with his Savak by the way what are I looking to say 27 after one is five sixty w to Q m if you're thinking about buying a new car or truck You want to save yourself a lot of money who doesn't we invite you to visit armstrong toyodov homestead You'll find him on US one 20 minutes south of the eight thirty six armstrong toyodov homestead is worth a drive no matter where you are Because they're gonna save you literally thousands and thousands of dollars on unbeatable toyodas Check out these great prices right now and oh four coroll loaded including air that you own for just 12 9 90 And oh four can we with erodomatic and lots more just 16 9 90 needed truck how about an oh four toilet a ton where the safest truck in the country from just 14 9 90 And when you buy your new vehicle armstrong toyodov homestead you get a free son pass This was the first dealer in the area after your feet tires and batteries for life. You can't beat him General manager David rich in a staff hold the whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today Experience that armstrong toyodov homestead difference locally On locally operated are committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction their service department is even open late till eight week nights to make sure that your service work is done and Done right you're fine to make US one two ninety-third street in homes that I know forgive it may sound far to you But it's only twenty-eason minutes south of the eight thirty six so if you're sick and tired those mega dealers who over promised Under deliver then called David rich armstrong toyodov homestead GM right now at 305 242 3247 That's 305 242 3247 for arms strongs toyodov homestead Traveled on save a whole new lot at that What did I just say I've done it for me? I said travel a little and save a ton on your brand new toyodov And I watch it Your Yeah George Bush  So dip to duty just find my new faith And send in your mind George Bush Your positions have faith Cause John Kerry Is up to you, your faith And those questions Of the national guard that might leave Your rep, your Haitian guard It's fun to say you're not A, W, O, L And you can't prove your name W, O, L Oh, what a funny thing The military can't find Where you were in that one years time You've already done you with A W, O, L You're daddy up to two ways W, O, L Oh, if you don't become clean With a story that's real You might hurt back, older, on real Oh, brother, I'm going to tell you They got some DJs The baby in D, C, and that needs to be taken off Here, I'm going to tell you that right now We need to, if there's anything you need to be taken off It's not Howard Stern, it's C, N, right now You're talking censorship, Mr. Where do they find these idiots that come on And they got some righteous bitch Didn't listen to me And I still thought about something What they're like that, we still, no, but we still Talk about things like that And I didn't invent the subject And I think if you're, I assume you're Some broad on it, when you see the radio talk Host is that you can't talk about sex on the radio It's inappropriate and you have teenage boys That's right, teenage boys certainly don't want to hear about sex Do they? No, I want to see all about it And no, they don't And they certainly don't want to do it, you got for a bit She won't you You better start cleaning up your own act, man You don't want to talk about sex, do you think it's okay It's talk about sex on the radio? Oh, my head hurts You know something, I, seriously That's CNN has to be programmed off everybody Also, TV said there, there are part and parcel of this whole problem in America With a 70-year-old mentality They do what these issues, forget about freedom of speech Forget about freedom of choices, forget about a sense of humor I mean, God forbid anybody should have a sense of humor No, everything has to be taken very seriously And we have to be really, very angry about these terrible things that are Providing our young people, right What a crock, a crap Man CNN, it's the anti-Christ I'm telling you right now CNN is the odors Howard Thought a community standard, I would think being number one on the radio in a community That's not the host And need to one of these people that they're talking to now Understands the new FCC guidelines, which are about a couple of days ago And I'll say it again There's no such thing as community standards, local community standards Anymore, they've eliminated that in their own fascistic way They just make it up as they go along So now, in effect, I'll read it to you exactly, okay? Here it is If I can find it In order to be found in decent language involved, whether explicit double on tundee And you end to our sound effects Must constitute a patently offensive description or the depiction of a sex act Organ or ex-category function In determining whether languages patently offensive, however, it is important to recognize that local community standards are not used For as long as any of us ever were in this business, that was what always was Local community standards, but no, not now Rather the FCC now considers whether an average adult listener in the US would find a broadcast matter patently offensive And the FCC will rely on its own expertise to determine the standards of the average adult listener So in other words, if you can't figure it out, they'll figure it out for you The average adult listener in the US So in order to decide that the people who live in ispeaming Michigan are the same as the people who live in Manhattan The people live in a rhino-quart New Yorkers, the same people live in Los Angeles The people who live in Montgomery, Alabama is the same as the people who live in Detroit Pollock crap is what it is, but that's what they've said and there's nothing we can do about it That's the way they've made it. We'll decide No lawyers, no courts, nobody else just as old budget, funny that he's sitting around the table in DC somewhere Taking money out of the taxpayers pockets, we'll sit around inside because we have appointed ourselves as the radio viewers We're the censors man We're the Martin Borman of your radio and TV And here's the silly bitch sitting there on CNN right now But you think sex is okay to talk about sex on the radio? Idiot Boy, this CNN needs to be off the air now, they need to be taken off right now Here's one of our regular factions, she says I pledge allegiance to the cross of the United States of America And to the neocons for which it stands one right nation under referriateal with prejudice and bias for all And then she says don't give ass cropped my name Don't worry no chance. Got some good news though. Little dirty got it Kathy all bad news Even though this doesn't really mean as much as it sounds, but still good news A controversial associated defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld is resigned from his seat on a key Pentagon advisory panel Richard Pearl A lightning rod per critics of the Bush administration's national security policies and informed Rumsfeld more than two weeks ago He's quitting the defense policy board. Oh, you can from the decision and a letter that he defends teeth on Wednesday We're now approaching a long presidential election campaign and the course of which issues that wish I have strong views It'll be widely discussed in debated parole road I would not wish those views to be attributed to you with a present any time and especially not during a presidential campaign he's out Proza leading figure of the neocon if the ideological school and outlines his strong views on wielding US military power against Islamic Redicals in his new book and end evil how to win the war on terror. We need an end evil in America, okay And end of this neocon crap and end of these fundamentalist Luther religious in America including Mel Gibson. That's what we need The people who want to impose their beliefs and restrictions and censorship on everybody else in not far ready, okay? Good hug as they say in China And they're all children of the era of my children and this is what upset you and this is why you want the government No, absolutely not absolutely not Why do you want to put this on me? That's what liberals always do They want to put it on the person who's all wooden channels. She's a conservative radio with talk show Well, there you go You use me excuse me Did you fart? Oh, here's a this on my current tapy before the end of the show even though we did get that one call in about Jay Just feeling goody feeling whatever his name is Jay Feele. Yeah, that one call about Now we got another story Ravens Jamal Lewis indicted Jamal Lewis the Baltimore Ravens running back where the secondized rushing total NFL history last season was indicted by a grand jury in Atlanta yesterday On federal drug conspiracy charges stemming from an incident that occurred in the summer of 2000 just before his worky season with a team Lewis the 24 year old Atlanta native who was the league's offensive player during 2003 was charged with conspiring to possess With the intent to distribute five kilos of coke and using a cell phone and commission of that act U.S. attorney William Duffy said during an afternoon news conference Also, the United yesterday was Angel O'Jax in the friend of Lewis who grew up in the same neighborhood Lewis was traveling from Florida to Atlanta yesterday expected a ceremony FBI today Company advised Atlanta based attorneys Edward Garland and Don New Donald Samuel Hord the lawyers represented Ravens linebacker Rado Lewis on murder charges stemming from the death of two men outside Atlanta nightclub in 2000 Rado Lewis eventually pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of struck him justice exchange for the murder charge being dropped and was given one years probation Because he's got a run fast and do stuff like that that's do it right To do it go parents you happy now or what now. We got a lot more sports heavy duty sports sports in Ann Murray The combo to campy be what you say Starts Monday on QM and Murray and heavy duty sports you can't get no butcher the name. I'll clear that right now You I This sports radio vice One pill that you browse eat my friend and it also It makes you high It belongs my housemate gave me but maybe it's a All the time Go ask well You'll supply Founding them who falls few billion her own Bring me to a higher asshole plane I can have a groom You're not good boasted thanks to my friends in a higher moral place Go ask well You get you some worse than a handful of Falls You I Find some against a ready to build those ovens the bird cheese We're seeing another dissenters friends Let's extract them go ahead of their teeth and donate the proceeds to the RNC And the show of blind support for our glorious leader Go ask willma You can get through your show by putting the logic out of proportion To justify your sleeping age Outliers I'm fucking backwards my good ahead friends Oh I Three men What was Limbal All drug abusers Should be 10 On 46 at 560 WQM Here's a copy of an email at Laurie sent to a cheap channel To John Hogan It says you people amazed me you just keep marching in lockstep with the administration You have the most indescent programming on which is in stirren its rush You will all align drug addict to be on your airway Fspuying is hate and lies that aren't supported by a fact Are you going to tell us that rush was completely drug free when he was on the air So clear channel supports liars and addicts and people will get their drugs Ill illegally lying on the stay on the air But you'll just make an example of stirren because he provides adult entertainment The John Ashcroft has sexual hangups about Why don't you in the maze boys do the decent thing And give it of any percent of your radio billboards entertainment and TV stations So a fair market can exist in a media not one that's run by and beholden the right wing says Laurie Excellent job Laurie Love it she says his email phones have been busy So here's what she wrote and of course the email address for John Hogan the CEO Oh, the chief channel is this is interesting John dot Hogan at crchannel.com Is that right? Okay, sure John dot Hogan at clear channel dot com Also you can just go to clear channel dot com slash contact us and let them know what you think of their crap Just a total cop out bummed love sponge on Monday And of course knowing that they're going to go test to find that their feet are going to be held of the fire and probably Loona took Congress and I'll say it again I have no problem saying this at all I've told you before we got two garbage parties in the US that Republicans are more dangerous and repressive But the Democratic Party sucks Because if it didn't suck there would be people in Democratic Party would stand up for one of the most basic freedoms that we used to have freedom of speech And wouldn't sit by and watch a bunch of Heinrich cameras continue eroding and chopping away the constitution And I want to change it to put some bigoted piece of crap in there The Democratic Party is an abomination at a disgrace And if we had anybody reasonable of them that old funny that he eikets his Ralph later was a choice I'd say hey, let's go for it But again, we don't have any choice because the one thing that we have to accomplish is getting these old for a fascist out of there But you Democrats aren't a hell of a lot better and certainly want to come to this issue you're just basically in the same area Maybe a half an inch to the left Who are you going to go to to try to like go to bad is there anybody go to back beside the ASL you for free speech? No Your congressman, you're sending it or no Your state representative? No, you're governor Oh, you're governor Oh, look out now your fat ass governor From Penaq Project for the new American century DBS and dangerous as they come a compulsive liar That's cute big aren't you not gonna read that on you though. I got news from going to be real real and so will George when he's on real selective and the things that I read Yeah, here's one from Gary who says I know you're thinking this guy is crazy or is this guy crazy? But take this whole election thing is that Republicans can somehow keep this thing close or continue to perpetuate the myth it's gonna be closed Well then it's like you always saved my hooker crook, these are well, of course If they can keep the election meal close then it's uh, what can I tell you? They'll steal it again And here's a letter from Bob Waxler responding to this a factor in Western Dear Mr. So and so thank you for expressing your support for requiring that ballot for there's be attached to touchscreen voting machines to produce individual evotive voter verified paper ballots All Americans understand that elections are not exercises expediency, but in democracy and that the right to vote depends on accuracy Every ballot in election must be counted properly and the means for we can must be available and this respect we face the very real possibility of another national election to buckle in Florida Because 15 of our counties use touchscreen machines without printers and are therefore unable to comply with Florida law requiring manual recon and the closest of elections I'm consistently pressing Florida officials state legislators county commissioners and supervisors of elections that they must swiftly correct the inequities currently in place in Florida law and election infrastructure In addition, I filed suit and circuit court against Secretary state Glenn Hood and Palm Beach County supervisor of elections to resale a poor Because these machines leave canvases without the means to conduct a manual recap I'm a sponsor of federal legislation and requires ballot printers and provides money to states to buy them, but I'm not confident that this Congress will take action on it Please know that I'll continue to advocate this issue so every voter will be able to verify a tangible copy of his or her ballot only then Will we sufficiently be ensure that elections in Florida are fair and accurate? Thank you for your interest and please call for me for their assistance. Bob Waxler, good man! What a few! Give a good pat on the back nice going Bobby, we're still trying hard, but he's up against it I'll tell you one thing, we found any politician that would have the balls the co-hones to stand up See the thing of it is how it's turned in just go on the year last week, what a shock Public lust funds didn't go on here in Tampa just last week. These are people have been on the year for years And yeah, there were complaints to the professional uh, uh, trouble makers who want to like it this one off the air They super moralists who are always right in the FCC, who the hell cares what those people think And the problem is the FCC uses those people as an excuse To censor what you can hear in the name of entertainment. Most people over the ages 7 don't want to hear entertainment that's geared toward a 70 year old Oh, what a shock, what a concept And when the government, when Mel Carmeson is put in a position that he head of a Viacom of telling the public that, well whatever And writing memo is saying, well, just pretend you're talking to a 70 year old What does that tell you? America the American government treats adults like children And just like this crap on CNN, you people at CNN make me nauseous Anti-Christ to say that to call you that would be an insult to the anti-Christ and the uncle too Just pedaling garbage cock-up propaganda non-stop We wouldn't have all these kids dying in Iraq right now of MSNBC or CNN or any other ones had any balls box We know better because they're part of the problem But they don't So they just continue parading the company line pretending to have these debates in these arguments these silly exercises Or at the end of the brief segment, well time to go to a break. Thank you both very much, you know, and they're chuckling and yucking enough 1.52 and we're pissed off at QAM Why in local? We're sports radio 5.62 a UAM We're here about the marchers, and I'm not a football man Man, we're getting some revenge over our death, we're too sophisticated hard going back In local fashion, hard for I'm fine, I'm Christ for that sick I was supposed to retire tomorrow, God, everything fine That's me, Daniel, talk about With James Gandolfini as the loyal but doubting doctor All the miracles and magic tricks people are bound to accept me as their massacres I'm a sign Man, yes, give me your phone to rolls, we're gonna buy that We're in the phone, is the goblin like a puzzle God, oh, thank you Give me a kiss Christ And Joe Pashy as punches finally What going to name as punches anyway What you did is just this, I don't get it, me Can you ask me, actually, what's right there is an egg He filled passion part four You're overgovering through the crossbow Yeah, I know A group by the Pope One fifty seven and five sixty, the mad dog standing by He'll be next to Hebrew hammered four Move on, that org is got something important I must forgot about it To one do that All you members of move on, that org and even if you're not, you ought to be involved Under energy industry pressure, prison and bushings EPA plans to the fur controls on mercury emissions by power plans for at least a decade The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that 4.9 million women in child Burying of child burying age in the US that 8% have unsafe levels of mercury in their blood The people at heart is will be newborn infants every year over 630,000 infants are born with levels of mercury And their blood so high they can cause brain damage We have just a few ways to get public comments to the EPA and this plan to be for mercury controls It's time to tell the EPA and the White House that our kids come first You can submit your comment by clicking this link which they have on there And then they got much more on it So go to move on dot org and get with that Moving at the internet I was reading some of the stuff on the internet the history that's been around all over the place today about Howard Yeah And they don't stream live stream his show on there No You knew that? I did. I just found out Eric put it in a little window Not legally that is Oh, they're wasting it around it, but it's difficult I was reading a whole song dance and you have to read a whole bunch of stuff to figure out how to get it Well people say they don't have enough comments Other people do I see Okay, I pull question today which we like I said kind of like a window dressing compared to all the other stuff that's going on We asked what was the absolute worst movie the last 15 years we got a pretty good selection Blair Witch project nobody can touch it one 69 from Justin to Kelly aren't they fabulous 72 God can't complain about their talent because Julie 58 the past of the Christ is only been out of day and a half and Christ. It's got 47 already While while rest 40 battlefielder 31 matrix revolution 28 the crying game 24 pretty got the in trouble 24 Pretty's got a finger Batman and Robin 22 set of a woman 20 kung-pow the rest of it a 16 vanilla sky 16 Titanic 14 Paul fiction 14 in a Mexican has got 13 13 Mexicans also the hug 13 and your favorite least 60 reason separation 13 Okay, listen, we will be on the end of our government for meeting mad dog coming up next and he better watch his step Bye bye Gosh