But wait to die, die, die! I know's clothes won't stop this steams. Almost every day I see. And my veins suddenly start to roll. My end and end with cordial doors. Yeah, I go! Black top, follow the back! And the cover will grant you all fire. And with your clothes, go ahead! And the cover will come soon! 18 We'll be with our background! Coming up on tonight'síamos a dall mapping. 7 for our future Music are going to come soon! Top the score, boss, five. 7 for the next spring that bye! I'm gonna shoot you out of the house! I'm gonna shoot you out of the house! I'm gonna shoot you out of the house! 10-03-5-60 WQM Happy Wednesday, Tua! It's a great day! For hope! I don't know for the Irish? Did you use the glam? The Buddhists? Man allegedly assaults Taco Bell employee with Toulupa! Oh my God! I bet you never heard this story before! Demo and Iowa! No, I had. A man who claimed he didn't get the taco he paid for has been charged with assault for allegedly Pelting a Taco Bell clerk in the face with a Chalupa! Nancy Harrison told police he was working the drive through last Thursday night when Christopher on his name might be La May, but LA-Me could be lame and I think it fits here. Christopher lame 24-ordered some food. At least he ordered the food unlike what's his name from a paywatch. David Hasselhoff was sitting in the McDonald's drive through, saying nothing because he was drunk. But anyway. He later came into the store and complaining he didn't get the taco he ordered police records. The Harrison said that when she asked for a receipt he went back to his car and brought back to bag. Harrison said she told him the store was closing and as she turned away, a Chalupa hit her in the face near her right eye. She said she said she ran into the parking lot took down the license numbers. The motorist was driving away. Lame was identified through the license number. Schedule a parent court June 15. Don't do it again, lame man. Don't be attacking at poor bitch with a Chalupa. Although who would like to attack Scroan with their Chalupa? Roy! Wouldn't that be great? Just line her up against the wall there. Or a snail or a rabbit to the wall, huh? Or your chimichango would be good too, she liked that. Here's our poll result from yesterday, we had a staggering response almost 17-in-reboats. Who is the most overrated movie actor or actress of all time? And? For once I got the answer right I guess because I picked the Duke John Way, Marion, to you. John Way in 205 votes. I mean a legend in his own mind and the minds of every redneck from Costa Coast. The Duke, you can't pick all the Duke. Next to me pick it on Reagan again today. Oh yeah, I sure will. I got some more great story. Yeah. Oh, I got a whole bunch of them. In fact, my favorite one. What's it called again? Uh, let's see. Our Colin Shrey writes he was a madman, meaning Reagan. But anyway, John Way in 205 can't or he's gave the Duke a run for his money. 160. For piano. Tied it pretty well. Kevin Costa 141. Bland is vanilla ice cream man just boring, terminal pondress. Colma inducing almost as a co-man dozing as the big. Oh, it goes a gacky. Jennifer Lopez was only one behind. J. Lowe had a nice number there. 140 came in fourth place. Beating out James Dean Haley had 123. Julia Roberts 90. Will Smith 83. That makes my heart feel great. Vin Diesel 78. Ben Affleck 78. Arnold Schwarzenegger 71. Marilyn Monroe 63. Lowe 61. Isn't it great that those two are right there pair together? Chuck has been 46. Mel Gibson 37. Did I say Chuck has I don't have time to do that whole of you son of a bitch. But I did 46. Mel Gibson 37. They nailed him. Richard gear had. Bob Birdman. Jurbles. John Trowolda 24. Brad Pitt 21. Tom Hanks 19. Marilyn Brando 19. Burrell 17. Charlie Chaplin 15. See. Adam Nammacadra wounded. What was my time? Huh? How about Buster Keaton? Yeah, how about Buster Keaton? It's a time thing. It's a time thing. He was back started the silent movies. Okay. In their time they were great but nevertheless Al Pacino 13. Which we all love Al Pacino except for what he said. TOO MOT! Then we turned on him like a rat. Rock Hudson had a dozen. Don't tell Ronnie Rock is sick. Frank Sinatra Harrison Ford Michael Douglas Andy Garcia each had 11. Bobby DeNero had 10. See you a little faith out there where it was George's vote. For a long time it was the only vote. But then some people started thinking about it and I said, you know he has made a lot of cramply and they piled right on. Robert DeNero on Merle Streep 10 apiece Paul Walker 9. Whoever said he was an actor by the way. I don't get that. Whoever said he was a good actor. Val Kilmer 9, Rock Hellwell 9, little Hayden Christian City. Whoever said he was an actor when he came right down to it. Then Zalwashten 8, Natalie Portman 7, Humphrey Bogart had 6. Sir Lawrence Olivier 5, Gene Hackman 4. That's downright disrespectful if he asked me. He's no J. Feeller. Dan Acroyd 3, Dennis Hopper 2, Michael Kean 2, You and the Gregor 1 and Vanessa Reggabe had only one. I'll just about 17 or votes. I'm here today's wildly popular poll. Author, now this is for Woody Graber. We got a few things to take care of here today for people. Author TD Allman, whose latest book Rogue State and Merchett were with the world. It's a good book to its paperback. He'll be in a Gables tomorrow. June 10th at 6pm at Brooks and Books and Books. 265 Aragon Avenue. Is that where the Aragon Ballroom was? Huh? Books and Books 265 Aragon Avenue. He'll discuss his work and the whole The question and answer session as well as on copies of his book. Amaz also author of My Me City of Future. The high respected book which is a best seller in Florida for more than three years. Tomorrow June 10th, 6pm. Books and Books 265 Aragon Avenue. Be there or Woody Graber will be upset. And start flinging this ponytail. I shouldn't be too loop a two. Dan, Rather and Tom Brokaw. Work for different networks as the New York Post today. But if we on one thing coverage of Ronald Reagan's death has been excessively said. I'm not good no girl ready when a hell is it stopped? Father, the senator John Kerry, the presumptive presidential nominee of this party. He paid his respects before Mr. Reagan's captain. See there you go. You can't you just can't turn on any of the talking Ed Rowley. Even the regular networks, interrupting a soap operas and other very important programming Do today for more of his Reagan crap. Which is why I'm counterpallencing with the play of other kind of Reagan crap the truth. Even though everybody is respectful or must pay homage to the president like does go on rather the told a Philadelphia inquire. That's what Danny Boy said. There is other news like the reality of her rags said the CBS even news anchor it get a very short trip this weekend. Networks have been going almost wall to wall with Reagan coverage since he croaked on Saturday at the age of 93. The former president was diagnosed with Alzheimer's nearly 10 years ago. And if you don't know that by now you probably have it yourself. Once the herd starts moving in one direction it's very hard to turn it even slightly rather said nationally the herd has grown tremendously. Haven't you heard? But Volkoss said I think just about everything is over carities days. Rokaho who heirs the anchors the NBC eyeline knows. The spectrum is so crowded with all the cable networks that begins to have a video while feeling to what he said. News anchor with the bad, bad speech defect on intelligible. Peter Jennings said he had mixed feelings about the Reagan coverage being the nambi pambi Canadian that he is. I'm more inclined to spare coverage come on the air to spare coverage come on the air do something meaningful and get away he said. Yeah get away Peter. Last time I had to do it was with OJ Simpson during the 94 car chase. I had nothing to say after a certain period of time. Covered your Reagan's death will continue to ride his funeral on all the news networks broadcast cable on your pop up toaster. You'll have Reagan now they want a name to Pentagon after a Reagan. They want to redo one of the bills. First they want to do the dime and then when she said that's a bad idea. You'll have to do it. You'll have to do it. And now they want to do one of the dollar bills. Like a 10 or 20 or something like that. Three dollar bill would be good. That would be poetic justice I think. And it's just a right no stopping it. And that cover yesterday had an excellent point. Why the hell do we have the Ronald Reagan turnpike in Florida? It absolutely no relationship to Florida whatsoever. None. Zero. Zippity do don. Frankly, a lot of the Latinos who moved into Florida over the years probably hated Mike Poison anyway. And rightfully so, especially if they're from like Nikolagwa, for example, or grenade It places like that. How many people from grenade do you think we got in South Florida? About 30 men. At least. Here's our poll question today. Put on your thinking cap. I've actually get a lot of choices on here. Here's another one of those poll building deals. Oh, poll building's boring. Poll building's boring. What retail place in South Florida do you hate the most? Now I didn't put a choice on there none because I don't think there's anybody who doesn't. The shot. Huh? No. You'd have to be beyond human to not despise some retail place where they just treat you like crap Or you just don't like the whole on-be answer they're attitude or whatever. Lot of retail places in South Florida you hate the most. And I started out with three. Echards? Even though Jack Eckard croaked. I think I was on vacation when Jack Eckard died. You covered that extensively? No. He was 91 which had he asked me that's old enough. Jack Eckard, boy did we hate him? A real right wing. He's a real good man for office. And other one of those like there's certain people in Florida over the years. Always run in for office, perpetual candidates. Ellis Ruben, Bob Cunst, Jack Eckard always run and never win. And just always on a ballot. Professional candidates kind of like Howard Samuels in New York state. Walmart? Well I know who's going to be voting for that. Who? Me? Yeah. I want to see. Echards Walmart went to see those of her speed of came to mind. I hate to say this because I'm sure that when Dixie is a wonderful sponsor and spends much money on our radio station. But nevertheless, I hate them like poison. No, I only hate them. I just would never shop there. Right. So I don't think I would vote. I hate them. I just wouldn't shop. They're my less maybe that was the only stir-up with an about an 80 mile radio. See what I'm saying? Right. Right. They're a little worried about that meat. Permanence at Seattle like to. Yeah. They're one of the beef people. Before I purchase it, I like to be able to see my meat. You know what I'm saying? I don't want to have it wrapped in a tube that you can't see through. And then bring home and find out that you've got the green weenie in there. It should smell it too. Oh, that's always a good idea. 12 minutes past 10. If that's what I'm up to me this morning. Always sniff it to make sure it's fresh. 12 minutes after the hour. And this is a make good spot for those people who are keeping track. And I want to thank whoever notify us because we had no way of knowing that the EBS test. Interrupted the a laser recharge live spot the other day. We don't want to get our friend just Bob all peowed and rightfully so. Because he's pan big bucks like everybody else. For years you've been hearing about a laser recharge. The toner and recharge cartridge specialist. When you call a laser recharge it 1-800-287-92-128. You'll deal with just Bob a good guy. He's the sole owner who supplies businesses with a complete line of printing and office equipment supplies. A laser recharge has got ink jets. Thermal carbon paper supplies now they provide service support and maintenance. For most makes and miles of machines to make them run like new again. Call 1-800-287-92-12 right now. And in most cases you'll have what you need within 24 hours. A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges as prepared and depot pricing. And all the cartridges via laser recharge are re-manufactured not refill. Anybody can save you a cheap refill of the cartridge but you get what you pay for. So don't get crap. Remain your cartridge as the only smart way to go. A laser cartridge complete line of cartridges for printers, copies and taxes along with Brother and Zerox drums too. A laser recharge is probably the individualized service. A no-questions access satisfaction guarantee. So if you need toner cartridges anything else pick up the phone call. Just Bob from A laser recharge at 1-800-287-92-12. For log time to the website and laser laser, what is is so poorly written. I could cry. A laser recharge.com. Call at toll free number today 1-800-287-92-12. My, my, my, my, my, my, your sports radio 560 SUA. UAM. UAM. UAM. God. Good bye, Ron. Megan. That's it. You're done. I hope they put on your coffin, especially in lining there. To protect the soil from your hair. All your old pals will be there. But once you can't remember, Will you casey? Well, if you say that getting casey, you have it, but you're ironing. I'm drinking your iron, 100 criminals every turn. I think the song in a tap, somebody famous that will be full again. If that's a wrong look, no matter how many times you just say no. No. You were out with my kidney, hard life, who's more ugly than your souls. And now, here's a few words from your old discrepancy. You're gripping old babdo. And I've got a sense, goodbye, Ron Reagan. I give my regards to Nixon. The I recall back to known calcium days of the Bond's O' Films. The part you now is in hard dye dye pants. And I had both my hands, and much vivid paratso. Now, the turning is soon, we'll have some fun with our own pals. Ever in nursing, and John Lung. And my indulgence, no matter how big a star, or how famous you are, you still wind up dead. You started movies, became president, and then you turned into a tree. We held up our socks with garter's like a big pain. 10, 19 at 5, 60, WQM on our beat. And today we got Rebecca Romaine Stamos. It was born of number 6, 1972, birthday today, after mine. How do you like that? But a few years later, like, Furniture demand? Yeah. What did you say? I heard what you said, but Anyways, it makes your 28 and 5, 33, not quite 34. I mean, 31, I'm sorry. Excuse me. 31 for Rebecca. She was born. Let's see. Yadi, yadi. Sometimes we're recruited as Rebecca Romaine. See, she was in Alabama. Although, that's not out yet. That's in pre-production. I'll be out the next year. God's in the publisher. Tron 2.0. X2. Oh, brother, is some of these movies. Every movie we all have the pronounces. S1M, O1. What is that? S1M, O1. Sounds like an S&M movie. I think it's a M-o-v. I think it's a M-o-v. The bizarre. Thimfaital, rollerball, X-Men, just shoot me. TV series. Heftar, unauthorized TV biography, a Heftar, dirty work. And a whole bunch of other stuff. The 2000 MTV movie awards. Oh, did we mention yesterday? They're not going to let you see M&M's. Right, com. And the MTV awards tomorrow night. I just mentioned that in passing. Oh, because there are probably a lot of people that want to see M&M's. Right, com. My frankly, I'll pass on that. El Paso. The Martin Short Show, the Dennis Miller live playing yourself in episode 1990, the four. Now that's interesting because Dennis Miller's show has got a point to share. He's right there scratching around on the bottom of the numbers. Dennis Miller's show. It's as close to being off the years you possibly can be. It's almost like I have this step away from being on the lightball for the old whanmy. One of the other. And we can relate to that. Here's another one for the poll. Circuit City. It isn't spelled out that way. Exactly right here. They're drift. Oh, don't leave the beaded curtain yet. Why not? Because that picture that I sent you is already there behind it. That mosaic. Jack mosaic. That what he called the collage. Well, what am I going to do with it? Beautiful portrait of Ashcroft. You look on the beaded curtain and there it is. And then the. Yeah, listen. We want to. Oh, yeah, because you actually can make out what that is. That's right. That's perfect. Oh, nice going. And then if you save it, then you can zoom and appreciate all of the individual little pictures that come. I already seen that when you had me take a peek out of the first time, but you couldn't zoom back on mine here, but now that you got it like all together collage that it's a bunch of naked women. Little tiny pictures and naked women and the collage makes out John Aschcroft's face. That is. It's not just naked women. Why didn't have time to prove you. I won't come sure you did. I'm sure you did. Whatever else they're doing. I'm going to detail right here. Okay, it's behind the beaded curtain. You got to be over 75. You won't be seeing this any place on our website. Okay. I think there's a couple Billy goat pictures in there too. Well, I don't want to hear about that. Okay. You're just horse and around. Oh, there it is right on his necktie. Or look at the signs of that thing. Anyway, so there you go. You got behind the beaded curtain. You got three for the price of one because we still got that whatever the hell she is, the love child on there. Circuit, schmitty. We got it. Not that. We got it. She are voted for records. I'm going to tell you why. I'm going to think about what you're going to vote for on this poll. I don't want. Stop and think about a place that you wouldn't go even if they paid you to go in there. Now, Walmart, I see I'm not going to vote for that even though I despise the organization. But now that there's no more came art out by me. If I need something that I can only find in one of those kind of stores, I'll go to Walmart. I will bite my tongue when I do it in bleed a lot, but I'll go there. But records, uh, since I got a log rings right up to street and there's one under me street corner right now. One of the other. I just won't go to records even if they pay if they give me free merchandise. If they give me free drugs, I would not go in there. I would not go in there. I'm the opposite. And it has nothing with what. In other words, you would go to, uh, I'll go to records if I must. But you won't go to all the other. You are a constant penalty of death. Really? Right. Well, I know you feel a little bit strongly. A little bit. Yeah. Well, that's okay. That's why we're putting these on there. So we got so far, Walmart 4, when they see two records one and surg its city one. We'll add a whole bunch more on there. Places that you hate like poison that you wouldn't shop if they paid you. If they paid you to go in there. We have one call on it. QAM hello. Hey, Niel. Yes, sir? I got one for your poll. Yeah. Rumes to go. Okay. Worst place. I put about some furniture there. Came in damage. Did I read? Did it? You know, I bought it with the protection plan. Yeah. I selected some other furniture. Guess what? I didn't want the protection plan for the other furniture. I selected. They told me I had to get it because I got it last time. So I had it. And he. Really? I raised how and my wife eventually I said, listen, you know what? You signed a check because I'm not going to give it to him. But anyway, that's what I think the motto is just say, you know, to rooms to go. You got it. Thanks, buddy. Don't do it again. Thanks for taking my call. You bet. Okay, rooms to go. Let's get that on there. This guy just says to rooms to go. I like the way it sounded. Tampa tribute apologized. We should have talked about this yesterday. But nobody cares about it. Anyway, Spodious mentioned it. They apologize to the readers in the Tampa A lightning yesterday. And from mistakenly running an editorial saying the hockey team had lost the Stanley Cup finals. Oh my god. But a bunch of bozos. But then again, they're in Tampa. What do you expect? Publish your guild tealins said it was unclear how the mistake was made Monday night. As the newspaper rushed to press, thought of the lightning's two to one victory of the Calgary claims in games. Seven, the tribunette prepared two editorials. Wonderful. Win and one for a loss. But despite placing the correct editorial and it's computerized. Page making system. The one prepared for a loss appeared somehow in the newspapers. 275,000 copies. And they apologized. They said we took a puck in the guts. And yati yati yati. And the correct editor-o, which did not get in the paper a lot of the team, acquitted the team for generating pridently seven in the community. And this happened in the or post-line stock turbo when the early editions of the paper carried in the tutorial. Be mowing the Yankees lost to the red socks. And he mercantly play off. But then Yankees at stage lay rally to tie games. Seven wanted next readings. And they again, the post had egg on their post. But well deserved. It's a root for Murdoch piece of crap. So there you go. Just a little mistake there. Oh, we lost. And we feel so bad. Oh no, you want. Well, like I said, we lost. This is kind of a disturbing story. Remember, party at the same time and Judy comes back wearing Johnny's ring. And so sings, girl, I'll cry if I want to. I'll cry if I want to. You would cry to if it happened to you. Well, tears were not how at one thirteen year old Baltimore girl handles such a betrayal that a recent birthday party. According to the associated press, when the birthday girl's boyfriend kissed the 12 year old guest on the cheek at the party, the birthday girl's mother was furious and ordered her daughter to handle your business. At which point the unfortunate guest Nicole Ashley Towns was savagely beaten by six women and girls including the mother and sent into a coma. It's tough imagining a Leslie Gortune coming out of that story. Maybe a J. Frank Wilson won, but not Leslie Gort. But it does seem to fit with a girl's gone wild phenomenon spreading across American culture according to AP around the country's school police and teachers are seeing her growing tendency for girls to settle disputes with their fists. I think it's Muhammad Ali's daughter's fault. What's her name? Uh, I don't know. Bill, whatever it is. It is still true that violence among boys is a much bigger problem in violence among girls as measured by arrested statistics, but AP reports. While it used to be, the ratio was 10 to one now, it's only four to one. And while the search of violence among girls has been seen primarily at the lower end of the social economic scale, it's by no means exclusive there. Just flashback the news about the violent powder pop girls football game in an affluent Chicago, a separate or one girl, a group of girls brutalized another group of girls who don't help us lay on the ground even at the point of breaking bone. Oh, right. My life. And low. This is sports video by 60. The way. Yeah. See on the way. One boy. She play. And there's that. She plays. She plays. And the one. She does his best. Have a kiss on her. And so in the heart. Well, I get this experience from her. That's a duly. Who rush a bank with her own city law. But she has no soul. So gay. Never wrong. And boy seems. She slept with whole hockey teams. Now I get this. And I'm going to say. From. Ow. I'm in the corner of the sky. Licks the wall on my right eye. She's a stinky family player. And I'm going to say. All right. I get. All right. I get. All right. For some reason we don't believe you, but that's okay. 1032. If five 60 WQ a M. Here's a fact that says one of our real chronics. I wasn't an communist today. Couldn't hear the show. But by listening to your pull results. I was shocked to hear. Oh my god. So that's just the long was nowhere to be found. Recompt. Now see the reason he was not. There's because nobody in the right mind. He was an actor. Right. Even though she knows better. She'll take the cash. But she knows better. So just for today's pull from the same chronic. Macriss giant horrible experience with him in the past. Macriss giant. Got it. Well, like I said. Good. Here's what it says. Burdine's macy's. It's been creppy since the merger. I didn't even know there wasn't merger. That's how I would touch I am. In addition to which I wouldn't shop any of the place. Anyway, hate burdines. Right. Overpriced. Yeah. Overpriced. You can go to the same merchandise in a lot of other million other places. Plus I don't like their attitude. I remember back the first time the casino gambling thing was on a ballot. They were want to be prime fighter. Because they, you know, huh? Where they now? Yeah. Because they want to continue paying their help. Minimal wage or close to it. And they didn't want the idea of casinos coming in and changing the whole economic. Basically, so as we as well. Anyway, hate burdines like poison and overpriced. So we can put burdines or burdines macy's. How we want to put it on there. It's fine with me. I'm easy. Gallop has carry ahead. A new Gallop hole finds Senator John Kerry enjoying a slightly overbush while Bush is approval ratings remain relatively unchanged. But for the most part in negative territory. All right. The president's continuing strength is in the public's process. The process of supersept how well he's fighting the war on terrorism. While this performance ratings in other areas, the economy, foreign affairs, the situation in Iraq, energy policy, prescription drugs for older Americans, all of a sudden, higher disapproval and approval. Uh, in the appol itself, Kerry leads Bush 50 to 44% among likely voters. Six points. So why does it say here? Enjoying a slight lead. Six points ain't too shabby. The way things were. In a three man race, Kerry leads Bush 49 to 43 with negative getting five percent. But it still sounds like six points to me of my math be correct. Okay. Okay. I'd like that. Go Kerry, just by sitting back and being like a Herman Munster and not saying too much, he's again, by, you know, 50 fault. Yeah. Right? Speaking of default. Yes. What's this word you wrote on the, on the poll sheet that you texted me? Payneful deification? Oh, yeah. I would have played that. You're minding me about that. But see now you just by reading it, it took the, uh, it took the, uh, it took the, uh, it took the, uh, it's funny. Yeah. Because I don't know we're going to have, I was going to have a segment we're going to do about the, all this tributes to rake it. And stuff was, stuff was going to, uh, read the piece. And it was going to be titled painful deification, which is all this, what's happening with rake. It was painful. It is. And, and of course, dumping the expert. Back to him in that area. We thought he would, uh, mouth the, uh, story about painful deification. And anyway, court upholds Bible class ban. Yeah, I'm glad you reminded me of that. Because I do write these things down in my Alzheimer's kitchen. That's why I write him down in the first place. But I forget I wrote him down. A federal appeals court is upheld of ruling that argued weekly Bible classes are unconstitutional in the public schools of Rhea County that's Chattanooga, the same county where the scopes monkey trail pitted the creationist against the evolution of 79 years ago. The scopes monkey trial. A three judge panel of the 60-wester court of appeals and Cincinnati agreed Monday with a February 2002 ruling by U.S. District Judge R. Allen Edgar of Chattanooga. You ain't seen nothing. You've seen Tennessee, Mr. I'll tell you that right now. Tennessee. Edgar ruled that the Bible education ministry program in Rhea County violated the First Amendment clause calling for separation of church and state. The 30-minute classes were held weekly for about 800 students in kindergarten through fifth grade at the country's three elementary schools. These are pubic schools no less. Ready? Ready for that parental consent was not required in students where a lot of participants in alternative activities that they objected the classes. Rhea County superintendent Sue Carter said Monday that school board members would likely discuss whether Rhea was the ruling of their third-day night meeting tomorrow. Bible class of an offered and Rhea County for 51 years. And of course, slavery probably tell about five minutes ago. I'm disappointed not surprised though. Rhea Peel's judges ruled that all those school officials contended that the classes were valued, driven, teaching responsibility and positive morals. They were also teaching the Bible as religious truth, which of course only the end of those only morons would believe that religious truth. This gobbled a good Britain by primitive stupid people thousand of years ago. Passed on word of mouth on scratched on restroom walls, things like that. Right near the glory holes. What? That's where he wrote that. Oh, glory. Glory to the Lord. The county city of Dayton about 35 miles northwest of Chanton, Newgas were Orator and Presidential candidate William Jennings Bryan and attorney Clarence Dero squared off an accordment during that 1925 prosecution of teacher John T. Scups for teaching evolution. Oh my God. In the public schools instead of the biblical story, the bubble micees of creation from the Bible. That is the Jew-goid Bible. And not to be confused with the Muslim Bible or the anybody else's Bible. The Hindus, the Christian scientists, all of these people. The Scientologist, El-Ron Hubba, they into happy about it either, I should point out. Remember El-Ron Hubba? Sure. Only guy know that still writing books from the grave. Maybe Ron here, right? Is out of biography. Got plenty of time now. Radio giant. Here's the story of the day I saved most important story for right now. Radio giant in record in decency settlement. The federal communications commission, the grave robbers, that they are the bastards. They lunatics, the maniacs, that they most definitely are. The FCC has reached a record setting nearly $2 million settlement with clear channel communications, the anti-Clistos. That would clear the radio giant of all charges of indecency lodges against an including honor, remarks made by shock-shock Howard Stern, according to government and radio industry sources. Stern was because of previous record settlement between the FCC and a radio company. In 1995, Vi-Kam Inkone and Pinnity Broadcasting, which syndicates Stern show a 35 citizen-footing Washington, paid the FCC $1.7 million to wipe away indecency charges against the popular host, clear channel drops during show from six stations in February, as you know, certainly. The deal was could be announced as soon as today, as the result of months of negotiations between the FCC and clear channel, the nation's largest obnoxious right-wing radio company, but more than 1,250 stations according to the sources who were trying to be identified because the details of the agreement have been finalized. Perhaps the most important deal, once or a set, is that the deal would not cover only clear channels out standing fines, but also dozens of listener complaints in the FCC's indecency pipeline that didn't even then rule down yet. Now there was this kind of like, watches everything away, you got it? I got it. 1.7 million, that's a peanuts to them again, multi-billion dollar company. If those complaints were to be sold in fines, they could cost the radio company many more mediums, but they won't now, because they made kind of a backdoor deal that like, wash all of this stuff off. You give us a couple of million, and we'll say it's okay for all time sake. And it goes on. After the FCC's enforcement bureau levees a fine, a broadcaster can choose to pay it, contest it and negotiate a settlement, and take some majority vote of the FCC's five commissioner to demand a fine or accept the settlement such as the one crafted between the FCC and clear channel attorneys, Wiley Ryn and Fielding, sources said that it was approved by a vote of four to one. The FCC's three Republican commissioners, of course chairman Michael Powell, Kevin Martin and Kathleen Q. Abernath, he had one of what the Q stands for, voted for the settlement according to sources on both sides. Democratic commissioner Jonathan S. Adlestein agreed in part, but Democrat Michael cops voted against the settlement according to FCC sources instead wanting each complaint against their channel to be exempted rather than grouped into a universal settlement. In other words, can't let him off the whole even for all time sake, because Michael cops, one of the Democrats on the commission is even more rabid than Michael Powell and arrested these go. How do you like that? So if you think that it's party politics, that ain't it. It's repression and depression and suppression in America, freedom of speech, forget about it. And Michael, this is for 256. And where you am? And culture is a party girl, party girl, party girl, party girl, party girl, party girl, You're a rock! Roll! Roll! Roll! Roll! Roll! Roll! Roll! Roll! Roll! Roll! Roll! Roll! Roll! Roll! Roll! Roll! Roll! The more the smaller step of the girl who wants to be a video home, from birds in on top with us. You want more? On this lady is well-givied. She's got a book to read about slamming her in. Nobody knows more about slamming her in out with a big scoop of mouth. Anyone can lift a mango-lust, such a good Christian girl. You want a strangles hug. Fontip again, who she's hating? Political pundit on tiff again, from on the floor. And that's not a lie. A republic in shanky home. She's a better real-ness and more. Making liberal and dirty work, you know. In a mini-starch joe in cattle dough. And culture knows what they can be. In a mini-starch that spells fish-shape. She's a tall drink of water on the side of the lawn. With a back alley look to be like a broad scholar. If you got some money, you'll spread those things with the sizzarid. And a sharpening and filtering, a little bit of a little bit of a pinch of the right energy. Ow! I gotta have that to drop in. Last sound there that was whatever that was. The slap? No, no, before that. The one won't want whatever that was. Oh, that was special. I gotta have that. I'll buy it myself. Anyway, here's a diaphragm of lows that somebody had. A little peoed about low. You are here right down in the bottom left hand corner. It's got the different aisles. And then the employees are all like gathered way off. Like about two miles away. So I think that they wanted to put lows on there. We already run this way. That could be a picture of Eckerd's, except he raised all the employees. Now why you ask, and the Eckerd's everything is amazing. Well, it's not only the, it's the way the whole concept that Eckerd just set up. The customers, you know, they always have those coupons they bring in. And that creates the end of the world. If you're like about the third person online at Eckerd's, and somebody's got one of those coupons books for get about it. You're never going to live long enough to get the transaction done for it. Put your crap down. Just throw it on a ground and go to Walgreens. Now why you ask me if we should do this other one or not? Why do you ask that? On a kind of suits recent history. That's kind of nothing to do with this. Okay, just ask it. You know, it's a paranoid time. First of all, that we're done with that. That's what I've done with that. I know that. And that didn't have to do with the organization that had to do with one individual. But nevertheless, it's got to forget about that. See, nobody gets an all-time exemption. Well, I want to say nobody. No, we've already were, we've already were sanity. So once in a while, we give somebody a permanent exemption. Say, let's somebody else worry about you. You know, just thought it out. But somebody says, Brands Mart, they suck big time. And of course, I spent a lot of money in Brands Mart back in the day. Like, well, now now that I found out that he'd be like, Poison, well, guess what? I wouldn't spend a dime there. I could be another one besides Brands Mart to put on there. And not for the same reason. That's best buy. Okay. I'm not going in anywhere where I have to stand around waiting and waiting and waiting. What was about a half a dozen idiots running around. And like, oh, just go over there and stand at the counter and we'll get to you. And I'll like, like, you have to go step in there. Well, yeah. But what I know exactly what I want. But it's right up there. Just can you please get somebody with a ladder and just grab it off and there. I mean, more than happy to put it in my card here and take it up and pay for it. I don't know. That's fine. I just, I won't, I refuse to put up with that. And it's good store. The prices are good. Well, that's why the prices are good. They don't pay anybody to work there. Now they've got to, they've got a whole bunch of people. You're right. They've got a whole bunch of people. They just aren't working. Right. They just hang it out. They're giving those shirts. Yeah, they're blue shirts. Worst retail place. Pet boys out of parts. It says if you get helped in less than half hour. Praise Jesus Moses and Alas is DP. Pet boys. Well, the Joshua stuff shaking is that on that one. Not in, I guess. That's true, man. Yeah. You got a problem in there, Josh. I thought your problems were the Eric today. There you go. You guys better amend your fences because you got a lot of heavy damage. They have no fences to men. We're solving it. Are you really? We are solving it. You're solving it. You're solving it. The Eric says he'd like to remain solving is what he's saying. He's winding. Eric all I did was just make his agenda. You don't have to write me back a book of your life. You're trying to make ends meet. You've got to push you Japanese life all of these things. But just please, please just calm down a little bit. Please. You're depressing your morbid. You're starting to get like a book of Brian. All of these these funny. Stephen King says the indecency who plies silly. Speak of that SEC and Chief Channel back door deal. What they bought him out for or less than $2 million. Stephen King on Infinity Broadcasting's. Mara Davis and Dunlman a morning show. Yesterday morning. Stephen King on Infinity Broadcasting's. Stephen King said I think it's nonsense. What I think about it is a word that I don't want to use on the radio. I'll get you guys in trouble. It makes me angry and it's silly and what happened. Howard Stern is silly. I don't listen to him. I think he's silly. But at the same time, I think he ought to have a right to be silly on a radio. This is America. It's a free country where supposed to have the right to free speech. That's the way it works in America or the way it's supposed to work in America. If Stern is saying stuff on the radio, you don't like it. It depends. You've got a hand. Reach out. Take hold of the knob. Turn it off. He's gone. You're living room to see you got to put a bandaid over that guy's mouth. Nice going. Stephen King. I like that. One American who's left who's got the balls to stick up or free to a speech. You don't like it. Turn it off. That's all. Don't give us this excuse. The children. The children are speaking words that you never even heard yet out there in the school yard. Who do you can? Well, that's why I see they learned it off the TV. Yeah, right. Sure they did. They learned it from each other. In fact, they got together and made them up. Like in code, so we don't know what they're talking about. Here's some good news though. Some great news that before that, here's line 6, QA and hello. Hey, how you doing, Molly? Pretty good. Pally what's up? I want to add a whole depot, everyone. You need to go home like it, huh? He blows. I work with my hands and all the time I'm there and he's up to be with her. Okay. Thanks, I'll have a break. And we'll see you home depot, not. I agree. Home depot's blow. He's say, home depot blow. Good. Good list here. And then I'm going to say, we don't exempt anybody from this list. If you're one of our fine sponsors, that great. Just have a nice sense of humor and not as a case may be. But if there are people out there who don't like it, they're entitled out to like you. You might be the best retail outfit going. But if they hate you like poison, they're entitled. What retail place in South Florida, you hate them all so far. Walmart 54. I think George has got a lot on that. Nobody likes Walmart. Evil. Nobody likes it, but everybody's shopping in there. All that dollars, treat everybody. Yeah, there you go. Those people. I've been in there a couple of times like for, you know what? They're good for like, toilet stuff. They're good for crap. But really. They have to get a toilet seat or something like that. And then the, can I say that ball cock or whatever the thing is in there in the town? The more. Oh, the ball. That goes in there. Right. And then that's the kind of place where you go and get stuff like that. Now originally I would have gone to Kmart, but of course, you know, the Kmart up by me is long gone. It's history. As Mary Chowenberger would say it's history, but that's just the way it goes. Because that's one of the reasons we hate Walmart is they come along to try to put everybody else out of business. Just like Wayne High-pinkered it with his, uh, what's your call it? What do you call it? With his blockbuster. That's the same thing. Yeah. Yeah. Put all the amount and pop people out of business to move the video story. And then of course he bailed out and took all his money with the tears in his eyes. Yeah. How's blockbuster park coming in? Have I seen that? Oh, no. Walmart 54 went to C38. Echords 25 rooms to go 11. Circuit City 10. Brandsmart 3. Bird eyes 2. McFer's giant one. Best by one. Low's don't have any. But I'm sure we'll after all the artwork you have to the way. It's pretty made to make that. Uh, Sam's club. None and Pep Boy's none. 145 votes. Sam's club. Yeah. Got one right out there by me, but I never been in it. Don't go. No, never. They're all by Walmart aren't they? I think they are. They're owned by Walmart. They're one in the same. Oh my god. The antique. These. There's everywhere. I don't know that. Sam always a little bit lary about these places. They're all over. It's a private club, but it's not a private club. You know what I mean? In other words, uh, you can go in there and you'll hand anybody. A little kid you can go in there. Oh, here's a card. You can know your member of Sam's club. And they, but I understand they sell stuff cheap. It's, it's just like a Costco. They sell it in quantity and they got everything. Costco's the same thing, right? And so what's not to like about that? BJ's. I bet you're pardon? T.P.J's? Well, that's actually bad. Yeah. I bet you're going to hold me there by new. Right. Anyway, radio check. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I forgot about this. Oh, yeah. Radio, shlock. This is such a bad retail establishment boys and girls. Now, if you want, I don't like a little, some kind of like a little electrical part that you can't find any place else. Like some kind of a little do-hickier, some like that. And maybe it's about a 79 cent piece of equipment. And you finally find it or somebody finds it for you, which is unlikely, but you find it hanging on a wall somewhere. And you take it to the counter. That's the worst thing you can do. Because when you go to the counter at radio, shlock, what they want to do is have your shoe size, your, your whole life history. I mean, they want it all. I tell them, I tell them, none of your business. That's a quote. It says they want your phone number even if you buy a battery from the city. It's exactly right. I'll see. What's your address in your phone number? And you don't have to do that. You've already learned anymore. By the last time you got laid, radio shacks. Put it on there. For once, when somebody says to me, well, you can pick that up at radio shack. I don't want to immediately. I've never got, I'm going to throw that piece of equipment out. Whatever I need to throw it. Here's the good news. I was going to give you a film industry gives controversial Iraq film Ovation. Where's that Iraq film Ovation? Why do they just say controversial film Ovation? Director Michael Moore's controversial anti-airack war film Fahrenheit 9.11 when a standing ovation in last night from our audience of film industry professionals. Attending its West Coast debut at Academy Award headquarters in Beverly Hills. After notting some more than 600 people in the theater of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, cheered whistle and laughed their way through the two hour film. They jumped to their feet to give more a standing ovation as he took the stage. Oh! Clearly, boy, by the reception Moore, whose film is skatingly critical and mocking a president bush declared. There's been a shift in this country. The average American is finally beginning to figure it out. We were dupped into invading Iraq. I hope this country will be back in our hands in a short period of time. Yet it Republicans have announced the film is unfair, obviously because there's too much truth in it. Fahrenheit 9.11 when the strong attack on US president is highly unpopular in Europe. One of the top prize that a recent can film festival but was refused just to be used by the Walt Disney Company as Moore Max Filming Unit made the movie. Disney Chief Michael Eisner is a really worthy effort to do it. Michael... Eisner! Said the company did not want to distribute a highly partisan film in the middle of a presidential election year. What a cop out there. So he sold the rights to the film back to Miramarc's head's Bob and Miramarc's head's Bob and Harvey Weinstein who formed a concertium to distribute the film. And they'll have it in the theaters a week from Friday, June 25th, that's getting close. The dispute led to a spate of stories of bad blood between the battle Eisner and the Weinstein. The story of a recent one in the New York Times that speculated Eisner was seeking a buyer for the prestigious Miramarc's unit. There's nothing like a buyer for your unit. Weinstein loaded that controversy when introduced to film and joke that he and his brother were taking out a classified ad saying, two executives looking for company to run resumes on request. He added if you know any of you know anything will be waiting outside. Moore wanted a Academy Award for his 2002 documentary bowling for Colabine about the Colabine High School Mastergrin Colabetto and the ease with which one can buy a gun in the US of A. In his remarks last night, Moore predicted Fahrenheit 9.11 will do three times as well as Colabine movie which earned a record amount for a documentary full of 21 and a half million dollars. Moore told Roy to zap to where that turn would open in between 500 and a thousand theaters on June 25th and amazingly high number for a documentary in Owing and say that is a ride. Five and a local this is five sixty. Three or two hours. You a huge. You a huge. Dudge back in. You're a. That's a looping. At the pumps lately pumps pumps lately prices are so high sure on crazy in the pumps lately pumps. Lately prices are high sure on crazy. Such a simple, stupid, petty little thing with the cost eight just orange and star rocker dang and the reason it's so high we're just short on supply and the key to prices high. There's nothing that they won't try. We'll be watching me to buy a smaller automobile. Cost of regular and that is just in real. Yeah, I know what's up. I know that the oil companies that got a license. Just deal a gallery box won't be enough. I bet that next week it will still go up. Yeah, this time to rock. It was lost now. It's found. Big glad I've been through with my sight and around. I know this is what I do get the message you pay. I've really helped when fuel is precious. If you don't like it while the hate going to crowd I'm gonna keep going up so you'll be in trouble. So you'll be in trouble. Come slowly. Christ is also high. Show our crazy. Come slowly. Come slowly. Christ is on our high. Show our crazy. Well, I've almost got 71 which was the price. But when this he's got 49. What retail place in South Florida do you hate the most? And when this he's right there in a solid second. Echrets has got about 30 men. Probably would have more except for the sympathy votes since the old man croaked. Now you emailed me a link there and I heard clicked on it. All of it was taken me to an sgeaves.com thing. Right. And uh huh. Yeah, it's from the transportation department. It didn't give you the story. No. All right. Let me try different. What is the story? Please don't come into about the Ronald Reagan. Yeah. About the Ronald Reagan. Anyway, turnpike thing there. Ten dollar bill. Go put it on. Nice research there. I'll get it to you somehow. Okay. That's scary. Everything in the world now is Ronnie Reagan. Reagan is in Ronnie Reagan at Reagan National Airport. Reagan turnpike. As we can write in our lifetime. See it's one thing to argue about religion and things that happened like thousands of years ago. How about something that happened in most of our lifetimes? I mean, most of us were alive. Like let's see, what did he left office in 88? What have been his last year? Right. Right. Okay. And so that's 16 years ago. So unless you're like a little punk, you released a live when he left office. And probably let's see if you were like 10. Yeah. You're one majority of these people like over 10 years old when Reagan left office. So it was in our lifetimes events happened. Now we see what revisionist history is really what it's all about. How they twist and turn and make crap up. But all he was the great communicator. And he was the greatest president of the 20th century. And all this other crap. It's all bull crap. It's all garbage. And so the idea that we're supposed to believe stuff that allegedly was written Allegedly happened thousands of years ago. I mean you have to be a lunatic. You have to be as simple as you have to be desperate. You have to be like a little child. Even little children were laughing at that crap if they had a chance to read it before they were brainwashed into it. Like Sandy Claus. I mean how to Santa fit down through that chimney anyway when I think public right? Magic. WQM hello. Lord. Deal God. Yes sir. Good morning. Winner Stia. I'm a boy and see if you as well. Which I don't know if I'm being redundant or not. Did you happen to see that article about the 100 million or below the 10 to Gondays spent on airline tickets? Yes sir. I saw our website today that they never used the tickets sir. Yes. I saw it for the Redemptancy sir. Okay. Have a great one. It needs to be said over and over again. Thank you and back to you. Get a hundred million dollars worth of airline tickets that they had bought and they never used them. The Pentagon. Great. And then just any one hundred million dollars here and a few billion over there. And you know. The public just doesn't care. That's the problem. The public does not care. Here's a headline in the observer in England. And the headline says catastrophe. It's about the Iraq Prison of U.S. Gandal and Abugar Raid. And not just there but overall. It says the White House faced his biggest crisis over a rack last week but it's origins lie in practices that may have been routine. May have been routine. Not just that. Abugar Raid. We reveal how the abuse of prisoners began long before the sign images which have outraged the world appeared. Now this is on our website and the headline is catastrophe. But it's much much too long even a pondress old fool like me. It's a seven pages long. And even a silly person like George wouldn't encourage me to read all of this. Oh, please. No. No. No. You're crazy. I will read a little bit. Not that reading again. Oh yeah. Wait till we get to the Reagan stuff today. Long over to. Oh look at us. Speaking of Reagan. Oh, everywhere. Yeah. Family members. Yeah. I should have started. I screwed up today. What I really need to start with was. But media is sick and they pop. I mean even when Tom Mabroka and Dan Rather are saying, please, please cracker, please and I've already with a Reagan crap. And these people on these talking head networks, especially they just obsessed with it. I wonder what's on MSNBC right now. As a matter of fact, I've actually got something different on. Do they? I'm not saying Michael Bieber and a lot of them are saying that this is really the last chance for all of the old Reagan cabinet. Oh, please, please, please. How about the BBC? How much do they got something different on for the terrorists? Who demanded that the three signs and strong Italian forced in Iraq should be like that? I think I've got to show the three Italians just got home to Fumuchino to a Leonardo da Vinci airport in Roma. Their home safe in the live. You can. They have a lot of big rack women in the pool. Very good. So what's not to like about that? And I'm talking about I'm talking head networks. That's a different kind. And on the BBC. 20 year liberal senator from Ontario. Other talking about the abourn Canadian elections that are coming up to 208 boys. Not looking too good for liberals. I'll tell you that Paul Martin man. I think he may be going down. So to speak. I'd like that. That's shocking. Anyway, getting back to this. There are two versions of what specialists Sabrina Harmon, US military police officer was doing with the camera and the notorious Abu Greer and the notorious Abu Greer. Abu Greer, prison outside Baghdad. He says it's so well. Why should I do it? According to our mother, the former assistant manager of Papa Johns, Pizza restaurant in North Virginia was collecting evidence of improper treatment in the jail. I don't like Papa Johns, by the way. Okay. I don't. These debris and peaches that I would be. But I'm not big fan of their stuff. Robin Harmon told yesterday's Washington post that when her daughter told her what she was doing during her two weeks leave at home last November. She told her to stop. We got into an argument about it in the four o'clock in the morning. Sabrina said she had to prove this. I told her to bring the pictures home. Hide them and stay out of it. It's not an explanation accepted by the military investigation. The military investigation is probing Harmon's role in the abuse. Abu Greer. Neither is it an explanation. It's simply born out of the digital photograph. See from Harmon's laptop. Among the hundreds of pictures found is one ticket before a unit got to. Abu Greer. Last October a gruesome trophy photograph showing Harmon. Crouching by the king corpse giving the camera thumbs up and a grin. Greer's relation is also in contradiction with the charges he faces. For its Harmon is emerged as a central figure in the abuse allegations. Abu Greer. A figure involved in some of the most shocking pictures to emerge from the prison. Oh my God. Harmon was one of two soldiers opposed with an infamous photograph of a pyramid of naked Iraqis in the jail. She charged with photographing and video taping detainees ordered a strip and masturbate. And it is Harmon who stands accused of attaching wires to a hooded prisoner. Still on a box and telling him that he'd be electrocuted if he fell off. Even Harmon's witness statement to investigate is fails to stand up to the claim by her family and Lord that she was one of the good guys amid the bad. She makes it clear that she was a participant in the institutionalized torture. The person who brought them in would set the standards and whether or not to be nice at Harmon. If the prisoner was cooperating, then he'd be able to keep his jumpsuit mattress and was allowed cigarettes on request or even hot food. But if the prisoner didn't give us what they wanted, it was all taken away until military intelligence decided. Sleep food, clothing mattress, a cigarettes raw privileges, and were granted with information received. The statement confirms what the international red cross a committee has been saying for months. In visits to Iraq's U.S. administered prisoners been documenting abuse that was not the exception, but was close to the norm Abuse that was fed amount to a policy of torture and tolerated by coalition forces. According to Harmon prisoners were stripped, searched and then made the standard kneel for hours, at other times they were forced to stand on boxes or hold boxes or exercise sea-flistly, and what's become increasingly clear in the past few days and interviews with the training special forces soldiers from Iraq was that the techniques employed at Abugar rape. Not simply for the cool and entertainment of military policemen and private contractors running the prison, but an even cooler application of abusive interrogation techniques, thought of both U.S. and British special forces. What's also become clear is that concern over what was happening to Iraqi detainees of insurculating for months, both within the coalition and within the red cross and human rights organizations monitoring Iraq. Suddenly, an administration that seemed immune to bad news from Iraq has been forced onto defensive, as the images of Harmon and her colleagues cheerfully abusing prisoners in their charge have emerged as a metaphor for the coalition's spirit. That has been a catastrophe for U.S. foreign policy is asserted by usually robust senior Pentagon officials who claim privately that Iraq policy is now 97% disaster and the war is no longer being planned but crisis managed from day to day. And catastrophe was the word used by Belieger Secretary of State Donald Rumsfeld, a defense secretary during his humiliating appearance before Congress. So there's just a little bit of that. It's seven long pages and it'll make you want to puke your guts out. To catastrophe, that's a headline. It's a catastrophe. So disaster. Disaster like what's his name Robert Duval said in network. Disaster death now. Ashcroft refuses to give Congress torture memo, but you watched yesterday and the eclipse from Iran hearings. They were just breaking him tent Kennedy out. There's a break in him over the calls. It was just busted his balls man. It was great. No, he was covering him up with a towel, but they were busted in anyway. The US Attorney General refused to give lawmakers copies of adjusted to parliament memo that allegedly advised the White House that tortured during the war on terror. Interrogations could be justified. Washington Post had an August 2002 memo sent by the Justice Department in response to a CI request for legal guidance. Said the international laws against torture may be unconstitutional if applied to interrogations conducted during the war on terrorism. But attorney General John Ascroft refused to provide the memo to lawmakers on the Senate Judiciary Committee. We believe that to provide this kind of information would impair the ability of advice giving an executive branch to be candid forthright through an activated all times. Ascroft said, Ascroft told lawmakers that while the Civil Administration rejects torture, he said he could not provide specific details of communications between his office and a White House. Conversize the right to ask whatever questions it wants he continued. But there are certain things that in the interest of the executive branch operating effectively that I think it's inappropriate for the attorney general to say. Then expressed Democrats expressed outrage and ask crops refusal provide the document. You may be in contempt of Congress for a Democratic Senator Joe Biden. You're not allowed not to answer our questions. He said, adding that the Justice Department had better come up with a good rationale for refusing to furnish the memo. Meanwhile, the Senate's top Democrat, Tom Danshal, said a depressed conference. It's very important for Congress to have the document saying that any document that suggests torture might be permissible undermines the rule of law in this country and around the world. Senator Ted Kennedy said Senator Kennedy drew a direct length between the memo and the abuse committed by U.S. troops against inmates at the Abugar Prison in Iraq. We know when these kinds of orders, we know when we have these kinds of orders what happened Kennedy said that the hearing holding off a meteor photos of detainees being mistreated at the facility. We get the stress test, we get the use of dogs, we get the force nakedness that we've all seen. This is what directly results when he had that kind of memorandia out there. The Massachusetts Senator said that justice department memo addressed the White House Council. Alberto Gonzalez reportedly said torture in a suspect and captivity may be justified. If the US government employee involved would be doing so in order to prevent further attacks on the US by the Akha de Terrorist network. Yadi Adiani. That goes on. Tonar website. Ask crock refuses to give Congress the torture memo. I think they should have tortured it out of them. No, too. That would have been good. Yeah, they should have put that collage of naked pictures in front of them. I would have done it. That would have been torture. Hit him in the head with a chalupa. That's another good idea. While he was watching those naked pictures on, they're all 500 of them. Don't forget, go to our Abidate Curtain today. We got bonus pictures on her for you know, I got to admit this. The show you how stupid I am. It's not stupid, but I just looked at it very quickly. That's a good picture too of Rebecca Romain's famous. Yeah. But I thought. I actually thought that there were hands on her breasts. Right. Well, there were, that's the input that I left. No, no, seriously. Well, you were so dark. But it's just like dark-tad-tood hands. Huh? There were dirty hands. There were dark hands. And then you, and I thought, my God, there are words on those hands. And I realize those are, words, those are. Absolutely. Something else. Yeah, there are. That's another one, you know, I feel like I'd fairly closely to kind of like finger it out. I looked at it really closely. And to find out what's new. It's all there. Or tell me, it's after 11, we got a lot of good stuff on there for today. Just try to stay at least three, four feet away from your screen. Okay, at all times from your monitor. Please, because they're monitoring you. Hey, if you're monitoring your carpets lately, and they don't look up to stuff if they're not really in great shape. Here's the answer for you, drive concepts. As a matter of fact, your carpet is as bad as your sink when it comes to collecting germs. In fact, maybe even worse, because your kids in your pets and you and got only knows what's being not only dropped in there, but stop down on with your feet, all out of the stuff. So, call drive concepts today and sanitize your home. By having their technicians, their certified technicians come in and drive clean your carpets with suck out even the deepest down dirt in your carpet. Make them look and feel and smell them any fresh just like brand new. They're drying a couple of hours, so you really can clean the day and entertain tonight. And I'll never rip you off because they don't play any games. The drive concepts that white people are so excited to use them because they do a stupid and a subbeatable job. And they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing their fantastic work. Whether it's your carpeting, your area rugs, your oriental rugs, your furniture, your drapery, all of these things. I've been using them for over 20 years. Wouldn't dream of using anybody else. And when you use them the first time, you wouldn't either. And don't forget when you call drive concepts, haven't put you on their stand by list, which can save you next to a 15% off their already unbeatable low price. Call them toll free. You'll be glad you did call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com. We're sports-renu-56. You AM! Hey, Miss James, over the years. What are commitment to serving kitchen fresh chicken has it? Because KFC stands for kitchen fresh chicken. We are high-bought at Stoodford and Suckie Fried Chicken. And why do we call it kitchen fresh? Because that's the only kind of chicken we serve. And that's why when people think KFC, they think kitchen fresh chicken. Well, I still think Kentucky Fried Chicken. There's only one KFC. And it's the only place to go for kitchen fresh chicken. Kentucky Fried Chicken. No, it's kitchen fresh chicken. It's Kentucky Fried Chicken. KFC. See, now you've got it. KFC. Kitchen fresh chicken. Nevermind. Do you still have extra crispy? Sure. Well, now it's called extremely crunchy. And it's only at KFC. Kitchen fresh chicken. For gay. I'm going to Boston Chicken. Don't you mean Boston Market? Oh! KFC. Where our food is just like our name. There's a little bit of chicken in there somewhere. Or you can just think of how hard your clothes happen to car and go over to Bojangles drive through. Well. And throughout your loop Adam. Which retail place in South Florida you hate the most? That's our poll question today. Let it get out of your system to an 89 votes so far. Walmart's a leader, but they're not off all by himself. 89 for Walmart. Win Dixie 68. Echryd's 44. Now do we want to put publics on there? Because I love publics. I got a lot of friends there. Publics and it's a great story. But I'm sure that there must be some of the win Dixie people who hate publics. Right? Maybe never heard anybody complain about publics. The only thing probably that they don't like about publics is that A. It's owned by a bunch of goodly two shoes born again. Christians and B. And I don't know about the other supermarkets because I only shop at publics when I'm home. But they're very big on letting the pain and the S people out front. You know that the girl scout cookies and the, Yeah, but that's a salvation. Huh? That's everybody. Well, I bothers a lot of me. And then if they don't get you going in there, they, you know, damn well they recognize you when you're coming out. You go in and you buy two items. You're in the express line. You get out of there in about two minutes. And you come right out walk by the same people again. They're like a hign up for more crap. No thanks. No thanks. I'm diabetic those cookies. Oh, kill me. Win Dixie 68. Echryd's 44. Brandsmart 18. Rooms to go 14. Radio Shaq 14. Circus City 12. Peppoys 6. Home Depot. This thing just flopped on me again. Home Depot has got the 7. Peppoys 6. Best Buy 5. Bird-Eins 5. Maxis Giant Force. A Sand Club 3. And Lowes 2. Best Buy's only got 5. Buy guess so. Probably those people out there got a lot more patients than we do number one. Number one or number two. They don't mind standing around for hours to save a few bucks. They got plenty of time. I mean, their prices are, you know, they're better than Circus City, but the who don't want to stand in their waiting and waiting. And it's, it's frustrating too because you just, you, you just see all these people. Milling around and you wonder what are they doing and why do they keep hurting me over that damn glass counter over there. And they want you in that line man. They want you standing there obediently and they don't want you to move, you know. Bastards 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 8. 5. 6. 5. 8. 5. 9. 5. 4. 5. 5. 6. 6. 5. 9. 5. Ukrainian countries. What about the US? that their merchandise is embarrassing. In fact, you know you deal with a real low rent kind of a human being when they're buying their clothes and they're like, oh, yeah, I mean, that's about as low as you can go. I will say this. I'll go to Kmart if I must. Right. Yeah, but I used to go to Kmart to one out there by me for certain things, like if you want to get like that, like you're, like a bath mad or a towel towels or stuff like that crap metal rod. Right. But anything like the cost more than three bucks, I would say, forget about. Right. I put for some wrapping paper there once. There you go. Stuff like that. Yeah, if you're into wrapping. Five, six, seven, fact. I know there's a lot of people in a shop in a Kmart lately, we seem to be into wrapping five, six, seven, five, six, seven, five, six, six, which is probably one of the reasons about a business out there by the song. Right. WDQA, and hello. Comp you a say. Comp you a say. Now what's not to like there? Oh, God. Every time I go there to buy anything. It never does what it's supposed to do. I try to bring it back and I never get it in. Never get it back to them. I'll be there. Okay. I'll be there. Okay. I'll be there. See you later. Comp you a say he hates it. I don't know. I never had any bad experience there. Now what's the place by my, I'm asking you. I should know it. By publics out there by me, where as a matter of fact, we're came out used to be. I think maybe not in the same store, but on that, that it's not office depot. It's where I got that great brother, Fax machine for my house, the same one that I have here. Man, I think if I was going to do a, huh, office max. That's, is it office max? I guess you're going to do it. That's the other place. It's something max. It's max. Huh? No, seriously. Sugar Sparks. Maybe it's called. That's what it is. No, maybe I guess it's office max. But I went in there looking for a printer and low and behold, they had this brother, I have to see 4800 out. Seriously, if I want to recommend anything that I've ever owned in my life, this is it. You would, you would just cry. You would weep if we had this machine there. It's in fact, maybe next time I come back, I'll buy it, because of course they're not going to get it. It is so great. It's a fracture. It's a printer. It's black and white, but then again, what do I need color for? Right. Faxer printers scanner copier. And it's just, it's impeccable. Man, it's just sensational. It just cranks it out. I've had this one sitting here for two and a half years. You know, a couple of times I've had paper jam a little bit, but I jam on it, you know, I'm an expert with it now. And so I got the same one for the house. What is not to like? It wasn't staples, wasn't. No, I'm pretty sure it's office max. 275 bucks. Don't that sound pretty cheap to you, Mr? Yeah, they're cheaper, but they probably don't work as good. What do you mean by that? Like they're cheaper units that do what yours does. Oh, there are cheaper ones. No, but I still say for one, as good as this, that does all of these different things. I'll be, you know. It was something like that. A complex piece of machinery. Right. My just priceless. Right. And I, well, especially here, I mean, I can't afford to be and I lose this thing here for get about a year doing a show that day. I mean, I just, uh, between my computer and that machine here that brother. It's a mother if I don't have that thing going. 567, open. There's a whole free spot for brother MSC48 100 man. It's a lean machine. It's a great, great piece of equipment. See, I can actually can say something nice about something. If it were straight like my beautiful Corvette, what's not to like. See, there's some things that are good and some things that are pure crap. Like the equivalent of QAM. 567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. WQAM, hello. Yeah, hello. First time caller, like the dad was speaking to Neil. Speaking with the speaker. Speaking. Neil. I'm sorry. All right. Well, I hate to have this be my first call because I love you show for a long time. But I have a little bit of like disagreement about the torture thing. Yeah. I know it's slippery slope. Okay. And we don't want to go down all the way to be like the people that we're trying to. We are already doing it. Well, we're already doing it. I know. But the thing is, it's like some people. In the next one, which before before you go ahead, let me just caution you with one thing. Have you noticed that since the scandal erupted, they've had these bus loads, hundreds, and hundreds of people that they've released and sent back in their cities from the Abba grave, just from that one place? It's all political just to make people happy to show them something. You know, that's not political. The fact is that 70 to 90 percent of people rounded up didn't do anything wrong in a first place. Yeah. They were just common criminals. But a lot of them were more criminals. A lot of them were just rounded up because they didn't like the way they look. One of them was a cab driver. There have been Ziggins' stories about these people and most of them were criminals at all. If you could have stopped 9-11 and you had atop right in front of you, what would you've done with them? Well, what would I have to do with this? First of all, what do the Iraqis have to do with 9-11? Well, what do the Iraqi people that were rounding up and torturing? What do they have to do with terrorist attacks against the United States? Are any of our allies? Can you tell me? Those little people on the street absolutely not think. I mean, who say, None of the Iraqis, name me any of the Iraqis who had to do with 9-11, please. It's all we get from the news, so I can't believe it. I don't know what, it's like, I can't believe what the news tells me today. The matter what the news is. Well, what does that mean? So in other words, it's the Iraqis, what about the Iranians? How about everybody? Let's just torture everybody. Anybody in the world who looks like one of those ragged, we're going to round them all up in torturing. And we're going to squeeze the truth out of them until they tell us what we want to hear. How's that? Oh, it's the news media. It's this. I don't know. I don't want to hear it. That was the one true thing you said here. I don't know because he sure is held down. It's everywhere. Yeah, they're just everywhere. We don't know him. And they're there for it. And in the day, which I thought now, since there's no weapons and mass destruction, and since we know that they're not going to go without kind of, I thought where they're to liberate the courageous Iraqi people from the evil dictator that Reagan put in their back in the early 80s. I thought that was all about it. Huh? They're not letting us live like that. So they're so evil. And if we have to torture everything out of them and round them all up, then somewhere along, along your little confused, like this last caller. That's very sad. That is so sad. All you're doing is just to find the unjustifiable. I'm justifiable. If you want us to behave like barbarians, the ones that we can den, I mean, I wouldn't even dig the pie with more response. Good luck to you, sir. We'll all need it. But more people run in a mile like you want to lose. We do need it. Wow. And Reagan is in a casket, by the way. Breathe. Seriously. 27 after 11. Yeah. And I told you the box is not the one that's on display. That's a stunt. That's a double. And is your company suffering from regulation increased labor cost? Let Oasis outsharsing help you when it comes to the people sign to your business. Payroll administration. Fortune 500 company employee benefits. Human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services. Oasis outsharsing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsharsing today for a free evaluation at 1-866 at Oasis. That's 1-866-2-866-2747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsharsing understands the many facets of human resource management. Oasis outsharsing's been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which allows you to focus on your core business while leaving the operational details. Two Oasis outsharsing. So let Oasis outsharsing make your business a lot more profitable. If you'd like your free evaluation with absolutely no obligation call at toll free number. 1-866-866-866-2747. For Oasis outsharsing. This is for 25-50. You way am. Let's abuse some more prisoners. Oleg, then scream nice and loud. Get me some words and a bad trip hack. I don't care if they ain't from my rack to be used. Use you to the torture cause they're just playing their game. In the past it had to be worse with the dumb who's say. Here's a pool of sun-settingals taken. They did take another pool, which I thought I was going to get an update on, but I guess it's already gone about. It's a better than average president, average below average, and better than average was like about 60% percent. But then again, average compared to what we got lately, maybe it's all relative to what I'm saying. What do you say? What we got the last three and a half years. Anyway, here's the pool they're taking right now. They've only got 123 votes. It's a very as proposals call for placing the image of Ronald Reagan on the dime. $10 or $20 bill replacing FDR, Alexander Hamilton and Andrew Jackson respectively, should Reagan be honored this way. He should replace FDR on the dime 3.3%. For idiots said that. And I'm going to say it again, most people don't even even aware. I guess it was the statue of Liberty or whatever it was. Lady Liberty, maybe it was Lady Liberty, it was used to be on the dime. And then they put FDR on there because he's the one who invented the march of dimes to raise money to cure polio, which eventually Dr. Jonas saw him up at a vaccine, and we did cure polio. And the march of that's why they put his picture on the dime because he's the one who came up with a whole concept of the march of dimes. Because he had polio as a child, was in a wheelchair, you idiots, you morons, and even anti-regants said just say to that idea sucks. How do you like that? Yeah. Replacing FDR. I'm going to tell you the idea, people comparing Ronald Reagan with Franklin Roosevelt is like comparing Greg Reed with Walter Cronkite. See what I'm saying? What do you say? 17.9% say you should replace Alexander Hamilton on the $10 bill. But Alexander Hamilton, who was the secretary of the treasury, and was one of the founding fathers, he would probably be rolled over and his grave to hear that. Right? Challenge them to a duel. That's right, with Aaron Raymond Verk. Yeah, and his boyfriend. 4.9% say you should replace Andrew Jackson. Old, uh, what tell us his nickname? Go tell me. Hickory. Okay. Was that his nickname? It sounds right. Old Hickory? Old Hickory. That was Andrew Jackson. Right. I don't remember. I know that song. I do know he was our 7th president. I do know that. I know my president's Mr. I don't know much else. Anyway, Andy Jackson 4.9% that's on a $20 bill. I would have a big problem with that because Andrew Jackson quite frankly, uh, comcy comes out and only saying. And he was. Right. He wasn't really a nice guy. But then again, he was Reagan. Reagan was just asked in a car wagons or K. They'll tell you. Yeah, those Indians. 74% say Reagan's image should not be placed on any of money like that. And those people are. That's the real. I like that's a pretty good sign. Yeah. Enough already with a Reagan crap. Dan Rather and Tom Broke are right. Two goofballs like that can always be wrong. In this case, they have it to be right. We got the mad dog at two. We got the Humphor in a studio at four this afternoon. Look out. If there's any food laying around. Hide it. 630 Marlins on deck 705 Marlins at the engines. And the speaker to what you just said before. They came from behind last night. Who can get up? Or am I thinking of the last night they'd won 75 right? Josh. That's right. Just the way it deflites it. Florida Marlins at the Cleveland, the 705 Eddie K. After the game and by the way Barry Jack asked so a brother. He's got an article in there. Was it today or was it the other day about Jack McKean? Was it the Eddie K. Showgirl and Homer doesn't understand why they fans second guess him in this net. Either they're in first place near the World Series champions because it's Florida Jack. Because it's South Florida. They're never happy. Making gestures associated with Naziism during a world wrestling entertainment match in Germany last weekend. As cost of prominent performer his mood lighting job as a financial analyst on CBMBC. His moaning job. I guess maybe we can get in an end to replace him. The network announced yesterday that John Bradshaw Lafield I never heard of him. Did you? No. That's because I don't watch that crap anyway. That's the propaganda network. The gambling channel. John Bradshaw Lafield was fired from his job as CNBC contributor. Lafield was hired last month after serving as a guest analyst for the Fox Nazi news channel. Which began featuring regular last year following a release of his book, Have More Money Now. And an apparent attempt to draw crowd response during his match against WWE Champion Eddie Guerrero and Munich. I wouldn't as reports at Lafield Gustavter round the ring and raised his arm numerous times in eight off Hitler's salute. So that's actions are illegal in Germany although no criminal charges were brought against the 13 year wrestling veteran after the show. And maybe he just wants something to please El Presidente here now. That could be it. Maybe I think that the Bushmeister. In a statement of CNBC spokesman said Lafield was fired because we find his behavior to be offensive, inappropriate, and not be fitting anyone associated with our network. The WWE also responded to the incident to a statement on its website. WWE and John Lafield deeply regret Mr. Lafield's actions in the ring at our event in Munich. And apologize if it's offended to upset our fans. Mr. Lafield has been recommended for elections. And probably it would be sent to Abugar rape to be tortured by that last caller. Such sanctions were not released although it's been believed Lafield was set to meet Tuesday with WWE owner Vince McMahon. In other words, yesterday. Lafield 36 was most recently elevated to a main event position on the WWE SmackDown roster after his character was changed to portray him as an anti-immigration zealot with Mexicans usually the targets of his prejudice during weekly 30th of telecast on UPN. It sounds like I love the deal with me. Hey, by the way, something. Yes, that story I heard this morning is up on NPR's site about Ashcroft about the memo. What does it say that our other stories haven't said? Nothing but people might want to hear it and they can play it over and over again and hear them. Oh, I don't know, but I found it. No, I'm going to send a link to Eric and I just want to let you know about it. Well, don't now listen. Don't start over burning Eric with all kinds of stuff because he's already, Whoa, he's away. He's got to make some money if they're in Orlando. He's got to pay the bills. He's got to support his very picky Japanese wife and family. He can't afford to be spending all of his time with this marginal show, okay? What retail place in San Fernando? I've got a whole bunch. I don't know. Let's see. I got one, two, three, four. Just five more Reagan-Bashing stories. Just five. Yeah. Oh, come on. But before that, so that you don't keep carry the way. Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada's side of the S.A.A. Not to go to Washington to attend the State funeral of former US President Ronald Reagan. Oh, right. I've gone Paul. Two days after his letter of condolence raised eyebrows about whether he's distancing himself from the U.S. during a hard fought election campaign, the meaning of one here. Let's say a lot of Ann Biblins came through a US official said yesterday of the stimulus you'd over the weekend by Prime Minister Paul Martin's office. It seemed to underscore thing somewhat. The letter referred to Mr. Reagan as one of the most influential leaders of the past of the years in state of the day, hopefully the foundations for the end of the Cold War and much greater cooperation between East and West. But it was largely observational in tone, stewing clear of the kind of rhetoric employed by a leader such as French President of Joshua Rock, who loved the 40th President as a great statement, who would leave a deep mark in history. Canada will be represented at the funeral by attorney by Governor General Adrian Clarkson. I think the world will understand that we have an election going on in the Prime Minister's international commitment to be quite extensive already. Liberal spokesman Stephen McKinan said yesterday, and of course, since the liberals here are in pins and needles and latest poll shows and training the Tories the conservatives by two percentage points. He don't have time to be dittled around with some Tiska taskets. Let's go see Ronnie's tasket. University of Toronto historian Robert Bothwell said yesterday it's entirely appropriate for Ms. Parks and Witton rather than Paul Martin, that's what Adrian is paid to do he said. In other words, be like a figurehead. Got it? So Paul Martin won't be there. Don't be looking for him. Boy, he's boring. I don't think about Canadian politics, man. Even though it's a wonderful country. It's so boring. Galton McGinty. Oh, brother, boring. Ernie Eves, he was boring. Adam and Eve Adam and Steve. They like Adam and Steve. Her lot better than Adam and Eve. I should put that up to you before you come up. Author TV, all men whose latest book, Robe State America, and Warwood, the World War will be in crawl gables tomorrow June 10th at 6pm at Brooks and Books and Books. Why won't you keep saying Brooks? Maybe Greg will think it's a Brooks brother's story will come by and get a suit. Books and books, 265, you're going to have a new. He'll discuss his work and hold a question and answer session as well as sign copies of his book. Also, author of Miami City, the future and how do you respect the book which was best Southern Florida for more than three years. He'll be there tomorrow at 6pm in the gables at books and books. 265, Ernie Eves, stop by and pull on Woody Gravers ponytail. I'm sure Woody will be there, right? Give it a hand. Except that. You Miami town. Have five six. Oh, W-U-A-N. What for? Yeah, would I say 147 man, this is a quick show, isn't it? Wow, let's see those stories. Yeah, Lumpur D-7 at 5.60 W-U-A-N. Here this facts must be from my good friend Ian Framowitz. It would buy and says, how about our old friend, Gerald Jumel Lassman? Lassman the former mayor of Toronto, he was great. Real character, real goofball, a lot of times very out of touch with reality. But he was fun. He had a great sense of humor, he was just goofy, nobody took him serious. As opposed to David Miller, our current mayor who's boring. As says, welcome back to Woodbind. Where's Randy Wapels, it was by and by the way Ian, what's going on over there, huh? Best harness driver in the world today is, beyond a shadow of a doubt, Luke Willetman. He is just unbelievable. And there were a lot of rumors that he's also a f***ing test beside a point. Nobody cares about that. Whippin' again, Luke, come on, smack him. Clark, more reasons to invade Iran than Iraq. I hope that guy is, and people would say, see that's why people don't want to disagree with deal because he hangs up on him. I thought I had that guy in a fairly long time considering how in out of touch he was, yeah, waiting a long time for him to justify it. I gave him plenty of opportunity to justify this insanity that he was trying to make. And it just aggravating the fact that he had no idea. And then to go on about, well, you know, the media, yeah, when in fact it's quite the opposite. The media are the ones who are covered most of this crap up. And I had been for a long time. His point is that's the only way we can, because he almost said it and you kind of mugs with it. The only thing that these people understand is that what it is, that's what he was talking about. But he means these people don't even go to the liberating. Yeah, the ones who are living in the hands of patient by the cap and they can't. You know, they're brown. They kind of hook nose that were rags on their heads. It would have made more sense to invade Iran than Iraq's former US counterterrorism advisor, Richard Clark, who already has accused the Bush administration being soft on terrorism and wasting resources by the Iraq attack. He said, mere possession of weapons of mass destruction did not justify invading your country. This was the US government's stated grounds for the Iraq war. If you take the case of Iran, it's nuclear program is far more advanced than Iraq's was, Clark told the Austrian Daily newspaper, Dersandred, and interviewed translate into the German, there would have been far more grounds to invade Iran than Iraq. The US believes Iran's nuclear program is a front for developing atomic weapons. To Iran denies this thing, its atomic ambitions are limited to generating electricity. Well, let's find a bunch of Iranians and tie them up and torture them and find out what really is going on. The US military has found none of the caches of Iraqi WMDs in Washington that the Washington said Saddam Hussein possessed an abundance. In his recently published memoirs against all enemies, Clark charged that the administration of Bush did not take the al-Qaeda threats seriously enough before the United States and needlessly attack Iraq. In a chapter entitled, that almost war 1996, Clark says former US President Bill Clinton almost wants to war against Iran for what Washington says it's a poor for terrorism against US. By the way, speak at a Clinton last on a biography that had Bill Clinton. And I got a confesque, I remember that call I had a few months ago, and I said here like, the, I had totally erased for my mind because we were so obsessed with Monica and with Blu-Dres and penis gate and the stain on the dress and all that can star crap. I had forgotten about the abominive Iraq that devastating bombing like right at the D-Day there and right at the point where like Bush was coming to shove so to speak under the desk. Haven't you forgotten about that? I've forgotten. Yeah. And again, that's a news media thing. Well, it's wagon the dog and you know something you probably was wagon the dog. We had to do something pretty sad. He was doing some. Oh, speak of that Mark Anthony says he may not be doing something. This is so. Can't that bitch just go away already that jail. Can't she just go away? Mary, a whole bunch of guys okay and go and have a great time screw your brains out. I bet you she's never even seen a penis that woman. I already don't think she's seen one. That's my honest opinion you. Okay. I'm not arguing with you. I don't think she could even draw you a diagram. At least Monica could draw a picture. Deming his personal life, off limits Mark Anthony dodged questions to his day but whether he and Joe got married this past weekend, the latencing or performing in Wakaff of our plaza for NBC's Today show repeated the flight and repeatedly deflected questions for Osmatt Law about the widely reported Nubshells. Anthony could be seeing wearing what appeared to be a wedding band on his left hand while performing to this. Got a picture. If it's not a wedding band or sure is hell. I mean, he got in a box of cracker jacket. It looks like one to me. Maybe it's a rubber band. That might be it. Maybe he's got hemorrhids. Maybe he got one of the spare rubber bands on his finger in case it pops up again. Low-present Anthony reportedly tied the knot set. It was small ceremony to Beverly Hills California home. Anthony's publicist would not come in Monday. It low-present is represented not immediately be turned to call Monday but told the AP on Sunday he had no comment. Oh, I don't tell me this is going to be another one. Oh, not again. Are we getting sucked in again? Oh, my god. I'm telling you. I can imagine all the starving people in the world we could feed just with her. Let go. I'm going to try it up man. I was along the greasy side, huh? Greasy. People can go on the Atkins the high-fat high-up protein diet. The Askins. Right. The Askins. The J.Lo. Askins diet. I like it. They're asking for it all over the world. God. What a what a first. What an you know. I guess it's a hell of a lot there than having talent, you know. Or if you don't have any talent you come up with some kind of bull crap like that. Who might be going to marry this week? Nobody cares. Okay. Some people are saying the way Hillary Clinton and Condolese are rights are portrayed in an ad for the new step or wives film is destasable even out of rages. You ready for that? No. The spot shows an image of rights made to look nude from the waist up and a picture of Clinton that morphs into what looks like a cookie-baking step or wife. It's got the pictures right here. I think we got this in our website. I'm pretty sure we do. You can see the pictures. I hope we did. I'm sure I did. The pictures move across the screen very quickly, but they caught the eye of a Kansas City woman who recorded the spot to make sure what she was really seeing. Becky Reynolds said when she taped and watched the ad again, she realized it was even worse than what she expected. Oh, you got to see this. We must go immediately right now to our website. Okay. And shame on me if I didn't email this to Eric. Oh, yes, today. Let me just take a quick peek. If I can never get to it. It says it's just inappropriate and needs to be stopped. Becky Reynolds said for those who haven't seen 1975 thriller my director Brian Forbes the 2004 version is pretty much the same. But with an asian technical wizardry. Let's see. Let me drop down here. What's the headline on this controversial status? It's pretty clear what hell it is. Is it on there? Do you see it? Churchill. Oh, no. Oh, no. It's not on there. Like I said, my bad. Sorry, Eric. Well, I'm going to email with two of them right now. They're in a break, okay? Because at least you'll be able to see the picture. I can't wait. You will just pee in your pants. I'll give you into it. And then Josh can get his buddy Josh back into come by. Anyway, both films are based on a book by our Levin about a small Connecticut town where they went and I took perfectly because there has been the replaced them with robots. But Reynolds says the less than perfect images in the ad for the new film will keep her out of the theater. Pat Gray, who works with North Star marketing groups as the ad shows bad taste toward Rice and Clinton. And today's media environment, I don't know whether it's unacceptable morally or not, this tasteful for sure, Grace said, if I were them, I probably sue. Grace said the ad wouldn't rat him to the theater. That certainly wouldn't stimulate me to go see the movie. You said, and of course, who the hell about to see Candleys and naked anyway? Or see, what's your name? Oh, Hillary. Nancy Kirk Packer, a spokesman for Paramount, which you said the film's story has received any complaints about the story. Does he have any complaints about this spot? Paramount hasn't heard from Rice or Clinton either. How do you like that? So I'm going to pull the same scan today that I yesterday. I'm seeing those have saved all my Reagan bashing your columns for the new to one hour. Because all the Reagan lovers, they're going to be turned over to rush anyway, right? Right? Doesn't it have pop a few oxies right on the air there between noon and winter, Arizona? No, it's fine. That's okay. Have a good life. Listen, all that bull crap that he makes up as he goes along. All I write, we improv again. But how Reagan was the greatest thing since sliced halava. And have a good life. Right? Right. And it's good for lunchtime anyway. So if there's anybody who wonders how come it is that there are so many people buying into whatever the media feeds. And because this is the way it always is because a lot of un-informed people, like that tragic guy that caller we had. I just want to cry. You think maybe that there's any chance that was a put on he was just telling me. No. No. No. No. Oh. God. How'd he press him? Tremendous till noon at 5.60 WQM nobody wants to talk about having cancer or heart disease yourself. But guess what? It can happen just about anybody. And it's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment if you detect it early enough. Hollywood diagnostics enter his proud of announce their virtual colonoscopy which is so much less intrusive than the traditional style of colonoscopy. The coronary heartscoring and full body screening exams that like a little virtual trip right through your body that could detect cancer of the life-threatening diseases in their early stages. Well there's still time to do something about it. Doctors be furl is neither needed. For audio imaging exam call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9.5.4.9.6.6.3600. For a test doesn't take a lot of time. Don't even have to get naked to do this thing. All they do is poppy an M machine. And in a matter of minutes you're out of there and you find out the result. Can give you and your family tremendous peace of mind. And if you do find something wrong like I said. You can take care of it while there's still time to do it. At Hollywood Diagnostic Center, the offer you state that they are imaging equipment with open MRI, high-speed cat scan, nuclear medicine and much much more. Hollywood Diagnostic Center that had been serving South Florida for over 20 years. Their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you. For those imaging exams that could be lifesavers call Hollywood Diagnostic Center today at 9.5.4.9.66.3600. That's 9.5.4.9.66.3600. My life and low cost is 4.25.6600. This is Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8. Damn. I thought I could call him. He said, no, but one is rated in the Mo Islander. He said, I don't even know how to put in my aspirations. I don't even know how to put in my aspirations. I want your take on J.P. I want your take on J.P. I like J.P. J.P. Well, in not the mentioned, he's got extraordinarily smooth detoxes. Oh yeah! What are you going to be careful with your safety? Oh, thank you, ma'am. No, no, wait a minute. Go go. Nothing else to say. Oh, about this. I was the way the down there in the mirror, ma'am. I'm the right-hander street, from you. I have to go. Oh, I know. Wait, by the way, stop. No, no, I have to go. I told you what. I'll hold you open up right. I'll stop, man. I'll give you one of my old tentations, sister. Bye-bye, sister. No, wait. That was the only call that we had. The things I need. Those who's growing again. I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It's all the bad boys, it's all the bad boys. It's all the bad boys. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You got to say, what you say. I'm in no sense. I'm in no sense. And around those golden pimples, you walk high, I walk high, And you go look in the here I don't see, A road map of Italy, Yet I guess here he's on way to buy a hay! I know clothes when something steams, Almost every day I take, And my veins and they start to tickle, My adenoid and the door to door is going, Yeah I go, But the ball of a bag, And the ball of a criminal crime, And I know this feels like we're going to be... Yeah, that's a lie, And don't you watch this thing, And say it's kind of just that we're in, Or no have a big, And people say, But the ball of a criminal crime, And the door to door, And the door to door, I'll tell you what, There ain't nothing like the Mow and Geldy show, Not the real one, But the book of Brian won, I'm actually telling these people, If they would put him on the air, Like for a couple of hours in like six, They'd have a 40-year, Put that Paul and Ron back in the old folks home, You know? You know what I'm saying is true, It'd be great, Because the book of Brian, Mow, Absolutely, and Geldy, Are just 50 million times more entertaining in the real ones, Or busy, I guess they're like bonding again now, And I'm sure it's true, Okay, here's the way this, We saw that our pull, We don't want to forget about that, But I got a lot of heavy duty stuff here, I did email that to Eric during the break, And I'm sure it mow, We'll be on there momentarily, The story of all the stuff, He got it, He got it, And you'll get it, And they didn't take a lot, I mean, it's not a big deal, But in fact, Well, actually, You can see you can view, Because the link is on the story, To the actual video. So not only, Would you see the pictures, Beating, We'll watch the video too, Why do you'll see for yourself, It's amusing, And speaking of that, Yes, The link to that NPR audio story is on there, So you can hear Ashcrot getting grilled. Oh, great. I was trying to hear Ashcrot sing on our website, But for some reason, I can't get it to play, can you? I didn't try to play it off the website, I heard it on the original. If you want to check out the Furnight 911 trailer, Don't forget it, So we got a link to that right on our website, And you'll watch us. Here's the pull, What retail place in South Florida, You will hate the most, Hate the spies, You wouldn't go there if they give you $100 Bill, Well, Walmart 137, When Dixie 101, I'm already amazed at that. Do you think that's because someone, And I noticed that when Dixie's been running spots about how they're cleaning up their stores, And they're refurbishing in the office, Because when Dixie, I think has a reputation as a lot of their stores being kind of schmutzie, You know? Yeah. Yeah. As opposed to those sparkling, beautiful public stores. Anyway, Walmart 137, When Dixie 101, Eckridge 55, Brands, Mark 48, Radio Shack, Has got, But third man, Rumors to go 18, Circuit City 18, Kmart 14, Best Buy 13, For those of us in patient folks, We'd like to merge with us. We love their prices, But we just don't have all day. Home Depot 9, Bird Eye's 8, Pet Boys 8, Sand Club 7, And Actors Giant 4, Lowest 3, And Compute USA 3, Out of 176. I'm here there some more. I will get to them, Or not. I will get to some more. Little later on. Good, right? I hope, Like maybe right now. WQM, hello. Deal. You were talking before. I don't know if you mentioned the gambling channel. Yeah. And I hate the mission. But I was flipping the channel last night. And I came across Dennis Miller. And on his panel, he had still Henry. Oh, no. Are you saying, again, And trying to tie Reagan and put together. Oh, no. No wonder, no wonder Dennis Miller showed us About a 0.2 series. He's got the numbers are so unique that he can't find him on a map. Dennis Miller is so smug. Yeah. Yeah. I just can't well, after that call, you have before, Who has no problem with the torture. And I guess he probably has no problem with people getting swept up here for minor offenses of being killed in jail. Oh, sure. I'm sure he's waiting for Patriot Act 45 and 6 coming along. Or what are soldiers get captured? Right. It's okay. They could have taken that to our soldiers and humiliated and dignity. I know he's spread the films all over the world. As long as we're taken out the evil doers, I guess anything is okay. Anything goes. Amen. So, how are we taking the only case? I'm not man. Thank you. Okay. Anyway, it's, uh, why, well, what's he use? You know, you deal with the American public in this rig. And they're spilled. Born again right wing or not. How do you like that? Is that incredible or what? Okay. Born again right wing, uh, lucky, lucky, lucky kissy kissy. What a suck up. Can't complain about his credibility. Nothing ever had any, but that was his act. You know, his act was intentionally stick. But, uh, just, what a turnaround. But if he wants to be on those clear channel stations, I guess. And if he missed the story, clear channely FCC of kiss that made up for about two million dollars. And he said, oh, well, this, well, we'll wipe the slate clean. All these other complaints we got. We're not even going to look at him. We're just, whatever you did wrong, screw it. You know, could be like, maybe, uh, who knows? Could be hundreds of millions for all, we know all the complaints that they've had. But that will wipe it all off the slate. We'll take to a million, thank you. Is that incredible or what? That's credible. Robert Scheer in the LA Times, one of my favorite comments, rights and nice guys, nasty policies. He says, I like Ronald Reagan despite the huge divide between us politically. Reagan was a charming old pro who gave me hours of his time in a series of interviews, beginning in 1966 when he was running for governor, simply because he enjoyed the given take. In fact, I often found myself defending the gipper whenever I was confronted with an east coast punnet determined to integrate anyone, especially actors from my adopted state. And looking back at his record, I'm a Paul that I warmed to the man as much as I did. The fact is that Reagan abandoned the Roosevelt New Deal, which he admitted and saved his family during the Great Depression. Let me say it again, was he admitted had saved his family during the Great Depression and favor of a belief in the efficacy of massive corporate welfare, incoated in him by his pain masters at Warner Brothers, General Electric and the Conservative Lecture Circuit. Though Reagan, the man, was hardly mean spirited, Reagan, the politician betrayed the social programs, and trade union as me once believed in so fiercely. Let's start with his leadership of California where he launched attacks on the state's once incomparable public universities and devastated its metal health system. For Shadowing, future Trump of invasions of tiny grenade and Nicaragua, he sent thousands of national guards from the tier gas Berkeley. It also became increasingly clear that all the man wasn't unintelligent his ability to mingle truth with fantasy was frightening. At different times, Reagan, who infamously said that, facts are stupid things, falsely claimed to have ended poverty in Los Angeles, implied he was personally involved in the liberation of Europe's concentration camps, argued that trees caused most pollution, and said that the Hollywood blacklist to which he contributed names never existed. Described as freedom fighters, the contra-thugs and the religious fundamentalist in Afghanistan who were later become Al Qaeda, and claimed that fighting a limited nuclear war was not an insane idea. But to see him only as a pumpkin, as some did with very much to wonder estimate him, like Nixon, the Teflon president was a survivor who'd come up the hard way, and many journalists and politicians who didn't understand that invariably were surprised by his resiliency in savvy. Although he generally was complied with his handers, whenever the campaign prose or rigid ideologues got in the way of his or Nancy's instincts, they were similarly discarded. Even when his ideas were silly, his intentions often seemed good, for example, one of the dumbest and costliest pet project the Star Wars missile defense program, which he first announced when I interviewed him in for the LA Times in 1980, was touted by Reagan as a piece offering to the Soviets. In his legendary ability to effectively project an upbeat, competent worldview managed to obscure it to project that, to obscure many of the negative consequences of his policies. For example, he made the terrible mistake of willfully ignoring the burgeoning AIDS epidemic at a time when action could have saved millions. Unlike many conservatives however, he wasn't driven by homophobia, instead Reagan allowed AIDS to spread for the same reason he pointedly savage programs to help the poor. He was genuinely convinced that government programs exacerbated problems unless they catered to the needs of the businessman he had come to revere. In the White House he ran up more death than any earlier president primarily to serve the requests of what Republican president Eisenhower had with alarm termed the military industrial complex, George W. Bush by the way has broken his record. Apologist for this weight argued that throwing money at the defendant to speak broke the back of Soviet Union and ended the Cold War, but the Soviet Union was already broken as Mikhail Gorbachev acknowledged quite freely when he came to power on the 80s. Rather what Reagan does deserve considerable credit for is ignoring the Darwinings of the Hawks and responding enthusiastically to Gorbachev and the Restoric Reykjavik Summit were the two leaders called for a nuclear free world. Let it be remembered that in the closing scene of his presidency Reagan embraced the peacemakers rejecting the cheerleaders of Armageddon and was then loudly casked, casked, casked, casked by the very new conservatives, the most vociferously Richard Pearl, who have claimed to Reagan the mantle for the post-war Cold War militarism of the current administration. Richard Pearl Paul Wolfe with their sluppet of all out again now, man, you'll see him all. You're teaching every one of them. I saw that trailer, it works, it's on there. The trailer, yes. Step for wise. Oh, the stepward wife thing is on her and how does Condolees look? Well, never better how that. She never looked better old Condolees, maybe screws that bitch up a little bit and Hillary may with that apron on, making them muffins, they even fix the gap between her teeth. Oh, Condolees, I thought maybe even Hillary. Yeah, the gap. I see. Well, Hillary, that's another story. Like a Vavasage, she's had a lot more women than he has, meaning Hillary. Providence passed noon at 560 WQM if you're still a little bit nervous about picking up the phone to make up an important purchase like buying a mattress. Have no fear because Dalama Triss is here, I've been doing it for years. And so there's a lot of other in fact millions of people over the last 25 years have dialed 1-800 mattress, MATT-T-R-E-S, for the best of all the way around. The lowest prices, the best service, and again, there's no risk at all because if it's not perfect in every way, just called Dalama Triss back for a full corporate exchange. It's completely free within 30 days. No extra fees, no strings, the 10-stata mattress is right, no more than a 1-0 in customer satisfaction. There were winners of the 2004 better business bureau, local tour to excellent support. And when you call 1-800 mattress, I guarantee you'll get the best prices on the best brands. With delivery on your schedule, you pick that tour window and convenient for you. And the best customer service in the business. Why if you have any brains at all, would you waste your time and cash slipping from shore to shore, subsidizing those expensive and overpriced bedding and apartment stores? Dalama Triss has the complete line of Seely, sorta King Coral Simmons, temper-peedic even Stewards and Foster Hewitt. From Kenless Tour, Palm Beach to Ford Myers, Dalama Triss can and will deliver you the funnest vetting anywhere. I have to do make that one easy call like I always do 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or check them out online at MacRis.com. My life and law, this is 42550. Way to way, have me. Pick Wally, is an impossible. Coming up tonight, uninsided behind the Q-Hollywood Celebrity Musicography Profile Story. They, were from Canada, where everything is so much better. They were Lennon. I know that it's all about a poor me. Our music was a boot like Positive and Upbeat Things. Lennon's found her markestanzo. Basically, Canadians are like happier than you Americans say. We got like a healthcare system that like works day, and like the crime rate is much lower here, and nobody in the Middle East is like mad at us. We trying to say. Oh, nothing. Just nobody calls us the great Satan or anything. Look, that's enough you. You Canadian. Oh, it's okay. I know what the hostility is a bootie, but like we're this close to legalizing marijuana here too. You are? How's anything? Oh, any day. Uh, isn't anything good to put me up for a few weeks? You know why? Let's go out of place to live. Oh, sure, great. Sorry I got that before. Whoa. An apology, eh? I never heard an American do that, eh? When? They're upbeat positive music, a shit new line, a place that just might decide not to put me in jail for getting high. It's a big juicy, sobbing, when it look at show business tonight. On inside of our eye. You got a ride, 8, 12, 17, and 5, 6 years. Just watch that, uh, myself a video. And you're right, Condolee's never looked lovely. Even though it's just a quick flash, so to speak. It will flash in a pan, and there's Hillary with those muffins in the apron. It's a, it's a beautiful thing. Anyway, that's story that the guy called about before I knew I had it, and it was in my pile. If I can say, pile, no. It was in my, uh, bunch of stuff. Pentagon pays for unused airline tickets, so we can digress from Ronnie for just a moment or two. Can we do that? We're gripped on very, very close to Mrs. Reagan. Oh. Uh, we got a new format now in America. It's all Reagan all day, everyday. And our Friday's at National Holiday. We've got the stock market closed. The banks will be closed. Everything's going to be closed at down. I'm Friday. Because it's Ronnie Reagan day. Anyway, the Defense Department spent an estimated $100 million for airline tickets that were not used over a six year period, and failed to see refunds, even though tickets were reimbursable, congressional investigators say easy, come easy, go. Even though tickets were reimbursable, that's enough to piss off the Pope. The Department compounded the problem by reimbursing employee claims for tickets bought by the Pentagon, the investigator said to demonstrate how easy it was to have the Pentagon pay for airline travel. Investigators posted defense employees had the department generated ticket and showed up at the ticket counter to pick up a boarding pass. Congress's General Accounting Office issued the findings in two reports on the Pentagon's lack of control over airline travel copies of which the AP obtained yesterday. A prior report issued last November found that the Pentecost bought 68,000 first pass or business pass airline seats for employees who should have flown coach. At a time when our soldiers are patrolling the streets, they were rackin' unarmored humbys when a bushy administration is asking for record defense spending. Secretary Rumscold is letting hundreds of millions of dollars that could be used to protect our troops in our country go to waste. Said representatives of Jan Chakowski, Democrat of Illinois, one of three lawmakers who ordered the studies. The GAO estimated that between 1997 and 2003 that a fence department bought at least a hundred million dollars in tickets that were not used or used only partially by a passenger who did not complete all legs of a flight. The waste went undetected because the department relied on an individual three porkty on use tickets and guess what? They didn't. I didn't like that. I thought we want to get you a surreys, you know. Enough of the problems going on. It's first of that Reagan funeral man. Yeah. What? You're not upset about that? About the funeral. Just that I'm not. Just about the coverage. Not so much the funeral. What is it ever going to end? No. Just goes on and on. Here on. No. No. This is the worst news I ever heard in my life. Are you sure? This fact you just sent me. I'm going to like up Chuck right now. Just. Oh, that's insane. Oh, no. Do I dare read it? You know the one I'm talking about? Yeah, you have to read it. It's this is so sickening. I just, it's beyond belief. It's one thing to sell out. But to do it to such a degree. Phil Henry, now does a regular segment on the Dennis Miller show. It says so sad. He also does a sickening pro-bush pro-war rant for the first couple of segments of his show pretty much every night I had to stop listening. How do you like that? Okay. Oh, geez. Good. Good. Golly Miss Molly. That's sick. That is really sick. That's enough to encourage me to continue reading all these event time stories. I know I'm doing a lot of this stuff this week more than lately, but I don't really care. Okay. I'm so nauseated by the, by the public being indated with all these lies with his bull crap. Oh, God. Now this real player is trying to like do stuff on my, I don't want to do it right now. Okay. Except. I said whatever you want. I said next. There you go. Oh, geez. Okay. That one then happens. Yes. And it's your fault because you don't want to maybe watch that video. All I was worth it. It was well worth it. Lots of great stuff. You can, and I see with all the respect to you, the NPR, which you're obsessed with NPR, the audio of that story about Ask Crap. That's the same story that I read, right? Getting in the show. But in the story that you read, you don't hear him getting, you know, Heming and Hying and getting grilled by those people, which are, well, I could say to be sure, listen to the audio. It's on there. Boy, you've got a lot of assignment. This ought to keep you off the streets today. Folks keep you out of trouble. You got the, uh, We did curtain with Rebecca Romaine's Stamos, and, uh, those very suspect hands on her well, and our real hands. And then you got the, uh, fantastic montage, collage of, uh, newbies that create the picture of John Ask Crap. That, that is, where did that come from? Uh, somebody facts the link to us. Thank you very much, whoever did that. I think I saved it. Well, thank you so much. Paul Crabman writes in the New York Times, The Great Taxor. This is his take. He says over the course of this week, we'll be hearing a lot about Romaine Reagan, much of it falls. A number of news sources have already proclaimed Mr. Reagan, the most popular president of modern times. In fact, the Mr. Reagan was very popular in 1985. He spent the latter part of his presidency under the shadow of the Iran Conference scandal. Bill Clinton had a slightly higher average galoper approval rating, and a much higher rating during his last two years in office. Oh, we want you back, Boba, please, please, with it without that dress. I'll leave a cut of cut in it. We're also sure to hear that Mr. Reagan presided over an unmasked economic boom again, not true. The economy grew slightly faster under President Clinton, and according to Congressional Budget Office office estimates, the after-text income of a typical family adjusted for inflation rose more than twice as much from 1992 to 2000, as it did from 1990 to 1988. But Ron Reagan does hold a special place in the Aneils of tax policy and accesses the pay-pensated tax cuts to his credit he was more pragmatic and responsible in the that. He follows his huge 1981 tax cut with two large tax increases, in fact, no peace down President has raised taxes so much on so many people. This is not a criticism. The tale of those increases tells you a lot about what was right with President Reagan's leadership and what's wrong with the leadership of George W. Bush. The first Reagan tax increase came in 1982, but then it was clear that the budget projections used to justify the 81 tax cut were wildly optimistic. In response, Mr. Reagan agreed to a sharp rollback of corporate tax cuts and a smaller rollback of individual income tax cuts. Overall, the 82 tax increase ended about a third of the 81 cut as the share of GDP'd increased with substantially larger than Mr. Clinton's 1993 tax increase. The contrast with President Bush's obvious. President Reagan confronted with evidence that his tax cuts were physically irresponsible, change course. President Bush confronted with similar evidence has pushed for even more tax cuts. Mr. Reagan's second tax increase was also motivated by a sense of responsibility or at least that's the way it seemed at the time. I'm referring to the social security reform act of 1983, which followed the recommendations of a commission led by Alan Greenspan. Its key provision was an increase in the payroll tax that pays for social security and Medicare hospital insurance. For many middle and low income families, this tax increase more than undid any gains from Mr. Reagan's income tax cuts. In 1980, according to Congressional Budget Office estimates that its middle income families with children paid 8.2% of their income income taxes and 9.5% in payroll taxes. By 1988 income tax share was down to 6.6% but the payroll tax share was up to 11.8% and the combined burden was up not down. Nevertheless, there was a broad bipartisan support for the payroll tax increase because it was part of a deal. The public was told that the extra revenue would be used to build up the trust fund dedicated to the preservation of social security benefits to the benefits occurring in the system's future. Thanks to the 1983 Act, current projections showed that under current rules social security is good for least 38 more years. But George W. Bush's Medicare that he intends to re-nig on the deal is officials insist that the trust fund is meaningless, which means that they don't feel bond to honor the implied contract that dedicated the revenue generated by President Reagan's payroll tax increase to paying for future social security benefits. Indeed, it's clear from the arithmetic that the only way to sustain President Bush's tax cuts in the long run will be with sharp cuts in both social security and Medicare benefits. I did not do not approve of President Reagan's economic policies, which saddle the nation with trillions of dollars in debt, and as others will surely point out, some of the foreign policy shenanigans that took place on his watch notably the Iran-Compers scandal foreshadowed the current debacle in Iraq, which not coincidentally involves some of the same actors. Still on both foreign and domestic policy, Mr. Reagan showed both some pragmatism and some sense of responsibility, and these are attributes sorely lacking in the man who claims to be his political successor. So not quite as hard on Reagan all those good points, and just again, scathing on the Bush-Plancer and rightfully so. I have no life. That's how you. The Bush-Plancer. America for you, baby, sign America. Let's see, am I done with this thing here where we hear my computer? A wreck of God. Finish. Finish. Finish. Swedish. Just get out of my life already. What retail place in South Florida do you hate the most? That's our poll today, which we're kind of ignoring you right now, but we got some bigger fish to fry, okay? You can smell them. Walmart 151. When this year 113, Eckert 64, Brands Mart 57, Radio Shaq 33, Kmart 26, rooms to go 21, Circuit City 20, Circus City. Home Depot 15, Best Buy 15, Bird-Eins, or BirdEins Macy's, or whatever you want to call him 111, Over-Price. Peppoy's 10, Sam's Club 7, Mattford's, Giant 7, Compio S.A.7, and Lowe's, has got three. But I still do like that diagram. That was a beautiful thing. Or a shandla, a good artwork today, you know? It's a good day for art. It's a great day for art. Link's letter. He turns 110 today. He's still alive, any? I guess. He's going to live. He's out with Larry once in a great while. They shove him in, Prop him up in the seat, and you watch those two dead men making conversations. A lot of fun. 27 past noon at QA. I'm summertime in South Florida, and I'm from the Garen T's. Three things. Heat, humidity, and hurricanes. You can't control the weather, but you can't control how you protect your home during hurricane season. Florida, New Code Hurricanesutters, installed shutters and over 3,000 homes in South Florida over the past decade. From panels, a courty and ruled out are Bahamas shutters. Florida, New Code Hurricanesutters, make it easy for you to pick out the hurricane protection that you need for your home. Call 9-5-4-8-6-8-49-35 for your free home estimate, no obligation. If you own a two-story home, you know what a pain in the acid is using a leather to put up those shutters, but Florida, New Code, now offers you a new steel panel system. Decide to be installed from the inside on second floor windows. You don't need a ladder. You don't have to worry about brick and you neck. Leave and give you a credit for your existing hurricane protection toward any new purchase. So call Florida, New Code Hurricanesutters 2-8-9-5-4-8-6-8-49-35. That's Florida, New Code Hurricanesutters. They've been providing South Florida hurricane protection over the past decade. 9-5-4-8-6-8-49-35. 5-6-5-6-6-6. 3-years-old yours. Pup, you way! Hmm. When I'll screw you all over the joint here, Bob Slubbitt and he cares about our environment. These shores here are precious to our environment. It's my job to monitor their majestic duty, while it lasts. The concerns of this oil rig group chief may not surprise you. What might surprise you is who he works for. Shell. We work hard to keep the Bay of Hair and Clean. We throw the coral in tropical fish back in after spray paint and back to its original color. And my crew has plenty of coral oxygen-bleaning oil ducts. See? Painting higher prices at the pump is a good thing. They sure should stay for steam for the next three or four years. Once we've massacred them savages and dispose of their bodies properly. The efforts of good folks like Bob. Revide the luxury of giving your SUV enough power to intimidate smaller cars in front of you. Before having to fill up again at the next available Shell Station. They goes without saying, I like that city bank paycheck every week. We represent what Saudi America is all about. All around the world. If you don't like Shell, go to hell. And we don't care if we mess up your agnostic anyway. 1232 at 560WM, are you ready for the worst story you've ever heard in your life even worse than Phil Henry is sucking up with Dennis Miller? I'm ready. It's not about that problem. No. It's my Laura Bush. Just in. Only moments ago. You ready for this? I don't think you are or ever will be. Laura Bush, I want you to listen to every word of this very carefully. Right. Laura Bush, whose father died from Alzheimer's disease, said today that she admired Nancy Reagan's devotion of former President Ronald Reagan until his death, but could not back her call for relaxation of stem cell research restrictions. 58 members of the Senate, I figured what the number was. I think you're a couple hundred members of the house of already. Sign onto this. They've hopped on board. But not Laura. Not the Bushies man. Reagan, the 40th, while we know he died. Mrs. Bush who's father died in 1997 of Alzheimer's, said she had great respect for the former First Lady, and that she was an excellent role model for family struggling to cope with the disease. I know how very difficult of this for the patient, obviously, but also for the caregiver. It requires unbelievable strength of character to take care of the first you love as you see them slip away like that. The long goodbye they call Alzheimer's. The first lady told the CBS early show from C. Allen Jojo, where leaders of the group of eight countries are meeting. But Mrs. Bush said she did not endorse Nancy Reagan's call already re-bucked by the White House to allow greater stem cell research to proceed in the hope that it would provide some answers to the disease or possibly even a cure. The Bush administration has placed restrictions on embryonic stem cell research and opposes using stem cells for most embryos. A stem Mrs. Bush said she supports. These, there are stem cells to do research on them. We have to be really careful between what we want to do for science and what we should do ethnically to first lady said stem cell is certainly one of those issues that we need to treat very carefully in between torturing all those prisoners. Press come whether she was prepared to endorse Mrs. Reagan's impassioned call for restrictions to be lifted. She replied, no. More than 200 members like I just said only moments ago of the U.S. Senate in the House have also urged Bush to allow researchers to use embryonic stem cells to eventually provide brain cell transplants to Alzheimer's patients. They also hope to use embryonic stem cells. To treat Parkinson's spinal cord injuries, heart disease, diabetes, and a range of other illnesses. But just like Nancy Reagan said to almost everything else, the answer from Laura Bush was, he's taken Nancy's advice just say, Wow. They also hope to use embryonic stem cells to treat Parkinson's spinal cord injuries, heart disease, diabetes, a wide range of other illnesses, including Alzheimer's first and foremost of which Laura Bush's father died in Ronald Reagan just died, but nevertheless the answer is still. No. No. No. Because we have to continue pandering to our right wing base. And you can't get much more base than them. Wow. Isn't that even shock us? No. It's not incredible at all. It's very credible. They're heartless evil people. Yes. This is compassionate conservatism. Oh, man. I hate to see what happened if there were much of heartaches. You know what? Right. This is callous, cold blooded and typical. Anti-human. Right. All they know is just pandered at that right wing base, and it's all in its whole life that's a whole existence, man. I have no life. It's pandering a bunch of religious nuts. By the way, yes, a painful short life is nothing compared to the eternity in heaven that you will miss out on if you use those stem cells. Oh, I see. That's right. Forget about that. Now is that way, there without the seven virgins? That's right. That's a different book. I forgot about it. Right. No, in heaven, you get nothing. This article from Colin Shay who writes for Prague TV. This is long, but it's great. I'm not going to start right now due to break first. He was a madman. I mean, how can people disturb us sitting here like I said before, this idea that we can believe things. You have to look at everything with 50 grains of salt. If that you're Morton Shaker sitting right there, you have to be shaken it. Because this revisionist history that we get fed, that we get spoon fed is such garbage. And of course, now with the power of television to brainwash the masses instantly. I mean, all I got to do was change the caption on there. Oh, it's a racket tack. No, now it's operation Iraqi freedom. No, now it's something else. And the public says, oh, yeah, that makes sense to me. Like that poor tragic guy that called about an hour ago, that was so sad to make you want to cry. Oh, the news media, you just deal, you don't want to believe it. Yeah. Right. If we could have prevented 9-11 by torturing Mohammed Ata. The fact of the matter is we knew we knew him. We knew who he was. We knew him. We knew him. Right. He wasn't an Iraqi. Oh, I'm sorry. And let me say it again to anybody who has any doubts. The Saudis are the figures in a wood pile, okay? The sand figures in a wood pile. Make no mistake about that. The Saudis. Don't try to deflect it. Don't try to change it. The bushes and the bin Laden's man, the Saba house of Saud. That connection. That's where you need to be looking. Sticking in those in real real deep. The Carlisle group, all of these things. All those Saudis that they flew out of here like man like they had wings. They couldn't get him out of here. Fast enough after 9-11. So what the other Iraqi people have to do with 9-11? What do they have to do with spreading terrorism around the world? Oh, and what do we do with that story about the pool? Don't tell me I forgot that one too. She's I'm slipping. Man in my old age. Yeah. I think I wrapped that too. How about the Saudi pool? Oh, didn't I put that on our website? Please. Please come here to drink. Huh? We've got to better get you some stencils. Oh, brother. Oh, Laura said. Oh, no. We're getting it. Oh, seriously. I mean, that was that story about the Saudi, the pool of the Saudi people. Here's the one about general cutting, losing signs of favor in Africa. How do you guys look at that? Did you read it? Yeah. Oh, well. But where is that story about that pool in Saudi Arabia? More than 50% that maybe I forgot to print it out because we had so much crap going on here. There's so much stuff to put on there. More than half of the Saudis in a pool taken recently. Think that Osama bin Laden is a great leader. And I figured what the percentage was, but it was more than half would like to see him as leader of the country. How do you like that? What do the royal family is peeing in their pants and rightfully so? They deserve to be peeing in their pants. Josh Beckett might don't even want to go there. How do you like that? He said he wouldn't wash with the best of whatever they got. And then what he said, Josh? Yeah. Something like that. He said, he'd rather wash with the oil they got. And that's what we got to be washing our hands. We got to be oil. We ought to be up to our neck in oil. We ought to have to be peeing like 20 cents a gallon. A nickel a gallon like the Iraqis are doing. Instead of letting his royal family as much as grave robbers, these Saudis. And is it any wonder that over 50% of their country loves Osama bin Laden? Since they're the ones who started all these madrases, all of these Wahhabi wasabi. What is Wahhabi instructions? Teaching their kids to hate the West. I hate anybody was one of their Muslim fundamentalists. That's their whole brand of education. That's what they're all about. They preach all of that crap while they're busy living the good life. And all those billions of dollars in oil money that we're funneling over there to them. Not to mention all the proceeds from all the land that they bought up here and all over the Stinking Dam world. The Dam world. Just like in that scene from Networkman, we talked about the Saudi deal. They're all calling the White House. We want the Saudi deals that now. And it's all true. It's all true. And if there was any country we should have been invading him very quietly because it wouldn't take much with them. I'll tell you that right now. I can't tell you how quietly I can the middle of the night. Guess what? We're taking over you're out. Turning your tunic at the account or get lost. Ghost Air Pump and Gas. In fact, most of those schmothahids over there that are running that country they're not even qualified to pump gas. It's too busy pumping each other from what I hear. Or Apple. No, or Pump and Ethel. And she's not too happy about it. 1241 is 560 WQM if your hair is gone to have on a hand vest. In fact, if your hair is just on a way out. Nobody wants that beast look. And nobody wants that beast look and peace. I'm so happy you're head man. People just fall all of themselves laughing their ass off when they see one of those phony pieces. Like Aaron Brown, you can spot that musk right a million miles away. And the mole, mysterwell. What's there to say about that? The less said the better. Absolutely. For more than 35 years Charles Alphiere has been doing it right. For guys both millionaires and chief skates and people in between for everybody because he knows this stuff. He's been on Good Morning America. The day show CBS Morning News and his pat did natural line system is the best going anywhere. No dangerous pills to take. No animal on top of your head. But a great look and head here that looks like it's real because it looks like it's going out of your scalp. The hairline is unattectable. That's why it looks so great. And Charles gives you a no problem guarantee. That's right. Enough of the lose because you try system for 30 days. Not 30 minutes. After a month if you know out the way it feels and smells and all that stuff, return it for a full refund. What's not to like. And Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems, including shampoo and trim. And not to lay. Call Charlie then get your hair back at a great looking head air and look better and younger than you ever dreamed again. Nobody even knows not your real hair. Call toll free 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or check them on the web at CharlesAlphiary.com. We're sports radio 5-6. You a m. Couple missiles toward a place we know. Oh, an aim on that of fella. Who's for name begins with? Oh, there's one thing we all understand. I'll cater won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan. We could chase them around forever with our tanks and all our troops. But special forces are so tired of jumping through them hooves. You'd probably need another plane. So let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up Pakistan. Oh, why don't we stop to see food and go along to Pakistan. That's a good name. That's a good name. That's a good name. Probably a couple days one more. I think we just read the old image shot. Are you ready for that or what? I just emailed Eric another story that I found by accident while I was searching for a thing about that Saudi pull about to Bush George's W Bush and the of Bin Laden's man. It's long so I just emailed it. Put it on there whenever you feel like it. Colin Shea in progTV writes about Reagan. Ronald Reagan is dead and the world is nowhere so far. At the best of times he was an ineffectual dunce. At the work he was a dangerous madman who threatened humanity's very survival. He destroyed any residual respect for the presidency left over from Nixon. His moral predecessor, he created unprecedented deficits while simultaneously cutting the principles of the new deal on the Great Society. He presided over a White House famously unable to govern properly because of his abysmal ignorance and tolerance of a Byzantine mess of corrupt internal fight thief. His endless rotation of advisors with a contemptible assortment of thieves, quacks, hypocrites, and imbecils are regularly broke the law of the land, lied changelessly to Congress and American people, and hopelessly instead themselves in ugly webs or shady and illicit dealings. Reagan claimed to be leading a conservative revolution but he left the presidency with America mired in death, more authoritarian militarized and centralized than ever before, and with a foreign policy that was the laughing stock of the civilized world. It was a morning in America but the dawn was black and deed, a black dawn where Christian greed was celebrated over a common compassion where a family man could now walk out of church and taught a homeless family, secure in the knowledge that their property was their own fault. A black dawn where a lie repeated five times could become a simple truth, a black dawn where the attorney general could commit crime after crime without consequence, where the national security adviser could sell weapons to terrorists in order to finance more terrorists, where big-grade science fiction movie served as policy papers, and seagrade far served as the script for governance in the halls of power of the mightiest nation the world is ever known. As I write the men is being canonized as a saint by the press in the political establishment, the bright moments are being recalled, the follow the Soviet Union, the monumental arms reduction treaties, the resurgence of conservatism is a credible political philosophy. These stupidiously dangerous evil empire days of the early 1980s when as a child, highly inquivering fear of imminent nuclear emulation are conveniently forgotten. The astonishing case of White House amnesia sing during the Iran country hearings is mostly topopic non-gradah. That's a pity since I would enjoy sing we run footage of a smoke-reath, imperturbable point-extremembering cryptic non-responses like some sort of deltic oracle and admise hissing and spitting and sterling like a disemboweled jackal. Together they managed to say I don't know 524 times in seven days of collective testimony in reprise of every college student's worst classroom humiliation nightmares. My name is Nicolad Winharbors of Ileation of Federal Honor and Activor is nowhere mentioned. Michael Devers indictment on multiple counts of perjury is just an ill-footnote as our Paul Thayer is years in the pen for obstructed justice. I doubt there'll be speculation as to whether William Casey was fortunate to croak when he did thus being spared the ignominy of being fraud marched out of CIA headquarters and handcuffs. Elliott Abrams one of the darlings of the Court of Municipal probably not be seen acknowledging that misleading Congress may have been a mistake not to mention his placing ten million dollars which mysteriously ended up in a Swiss bank account instead of financing central American debt squads like I was supposed to. I doubt we'll see Ed Maze puted of attorney general claiming that the Supreme Court does not set the Supreme Law of the land or James Watt blifely stating during his confirmation hearing that conservation ought not be a priority since he didn't know how many generations we can count on before the Lord returns. Not to mention Alexander Hague gripping the pudding lukin and fed a mean crazed baboon squimmyed reporters that he was in charge after the assassination attempt on Reagan. Or is this good or what? It's good. Then there's George senior toasting Ferdin and Marcos for his adherence of democratic principle and processes when he wasn't being forced out forced to fire practically his entire campaign staff. Amid allegations of anti-Semitism he was dishing it out himself. I hope I stand for anti-abigatory anti-Semitism anti-racism. He also wanted to be remembered for a complete and total ban on chemical weapons. They're destruction forever though with more likely he'll be remembered for casting several time-racking send votes to resume production of nerve agents. After the US has been sent blue and arreign in airline or out of the sky killing nearly 300 people he set the standard for accepting responsibility in that in future Republican administrations with his memorable howl. I will never apologize for the United States. I don't care what the facts are. The Reagan Revolution looked as though was on a way to becoming a Nixon S. P. Asco by 1986, countless members of administration were languishing in prison, fleeing to Paraguay were being consumed in the toxic flames of Iran contra. Even the chittering rats of the Republican own Senate had to abandon old Dutch's leaking ship estate. Over South Africa when he started the amoring about how they've eliminated this segregation we once had in our country. They say a person's character is defined by the company he keeps, and Reagan's gamut of buddies who made Mista Ferdinand Marcos to the savage apartheid enforces of South Africa did the man no favors. Those who say that the injustice to fives the mean that these criticisms pale into when significance next to the achievement of winning the Cold War and toppling the Berlin Wall like Ahmed Chalabi is one of the great heroes in error. But tough Steve Scuse and it rings howl equally howl was Chalabi's, like who says Iraq the first and Soviet B.M.W. was crippled a crippled huss by the 1980s already in death throws. The best that can be said for Reagan is that they may have slightly accelerated its demise, and worst he may have veered crazily close to nuclear holocaust and wreck the American economy for no reason at all. It wasn't Reagan who won the Cold War for America but Stalin, as with so much of his career Reagan was just an empty vessel acting out a script written long before. Some say it's cool and needless to assault the legacy of a crippled old man who ultimately wanted the best for his nation, but the spear him this would be to show compassion he never demonstrated himself. Time and time again he insisted the homeless somehow wanted to sleep on sidewalk grates, that the poor the hungry the indigent were there because of their own laziness. In the strange refracted light of Reagan's black dawn, soup kitchens were full because eating food there is easier than paying for it. His $155 billion deficit was the result of some demonic collusion between Congress and the press. A gaggle of drugs, mugglers and assassins in the Nicaraguan jungle were the more than equivalent of the founding fathers, and trading arms for hostages to the same people who were just called hundreds of Marines in Bay Route. Was somehow inexplicably something completely other. No one included a vice president in the presidential spokesman could say exactly what it was, but it sure wasn't that. Truth be told I could forgive the old man all of this, but what I'll never forgive him is that in spite of all of this in the face of overwhelming evidence that he should have been run out of town like a syphilitic dentist, he left office with the highest approval ratings of any president ever, leaving aside Roosevelt croaking in the arms of his mistress in a hot tub, God bless the old man's letter as soul. The two crimes consweed in the sestonishing bit of black magic with the genesis of the monstrous creature that is the modern Republican party. It's been mourning in America ever since Reagan's genial smile flooded our living rooms with warmth 25 years ago, and our minds have steadily softened in tandem with his. Joseph's pact perfectly believes that if he just lands that third job or gets the right break that Hummer will soon be his. The blacks of all conveniently been turned into felons and thrown off the voter rolls, hundreds of billions will wash through the Pentagon and a grotesque charade of Coney capitalism, and whatever the ammo surplus builds up too high we go on and find some pathetic, registered excuse for a country to bomb the smithereens so we can plant the flag in the sweltering ruins and congratulate ourselves on transplanting democracy. Bush 2 is Reagan redux in its most awful sense. The bald face lies without any hope or even a temper justification is a survalence, a simple press, a public which forgives and forgets and yes even loves while their leaders deliver powerful gifts to their genitals again and again. Cross-eyed apocalyptic madmen once again roam the halls of power while slimy political hack sharpen hooking knives in back rooms. Both had to make obligatory pilgrimages to Bob Jones University to kneel at the altar of Nixon's southern strategy and claim, oh no it's not about racism at all it's about states rights and religious freedom, nudged nudge wink wink, Katherine Deer did you finish scrubbing the Florida voter rolls yet? The same well-honed policy apparatus is in place once more, Bush's blind man in the room full of deaf people is today's equivalent of Reagan generating policy ideas from fresh-y-sci-finables. Don Quixote told to get windmills had nothing on these guys, just as Reagan was prepared a throw away a decade of arms control for the sake of his non-existent space lasers, Bush insisted on implementing a non-functioning missile shield to defend against a non-existent missile threat. Reagan's doomed American medical students and Cuban military airfields on grenade is set to state for the desert morage of Iraqi WMD, and whether it's a man-counter or obograde that's a cause of an enraged congressional scrutiny, both Reagan and Bush had the sense to hunkered down in the undisclosed location in shrug, hey, don't look at me, I'm just a present, these guys don't tell me anything. But for all of that, Reagan even had some limits, he funded non-killing death squads from Al Salvador to South Africa, but he even he couldn't stomach aerial sharon tearing through Lebanon, engineering made for TV massacres of women in children, but he set the stage for those who could, and now the hard boys are back in the saddle calling all the shots. Sharon can wait and blood if he wants, while the American people sit back and watch extra pay for the bulldozers, washing peace activists and raising refugee camps. Ronald Reagan was not a great man, he was a dangerous and incompetent president who brought dishonor and disgrace to his office and his country. The legislation in reference being heaped on him today is an obscene affront to truth history, and the millions who are worse off than a because of him. The modern Republican party's new muscular conservatism, with its nutty imperial dreams, Voodoo economics, a worldwide Gulagarch of Pellaggo, content for the constitution and the rule of law, and blind and public ignorance, so fact in history is his creation. So in this time of crisis we must now let our memory of Reagan be shrouded in sentimentalism and glory. He takes with him to his grave, in elective responsibilities that he would never accept during his tenure, or indeed in his life. The CZ so long you go come to monstrous fruition. Let us use this point in moment not to create a false number of the idol in the pantheon of American democracy, but to carefully consider how we'd come to this dreadful past and whether and how we may yet turn back. What a great article for Prague TV by Colin Shay. Yeah. He was a madman. And we'll sit. 1256 at 560 WQA and with the heat of summer here right now it's a great time to get out of that car. You've been driving around and get yourself into a great new Toyota from Armstrong Toyota homestead. There are on US one just 20 minutes out of the 836 and even if he lived nowhere near homestead it's worth the drive because they're going to make his such a great deal and save you thousands on great new Toyota's. With rising gas prices you may want a new car with more fuel economy. The legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 1190 or you can lease it for just 209 a month. Need a great Toyota for that couch or high school graduate? How about the Toyota Echo? These prices just 199. Need a truck to V6 Toyota Tundra regular camp can be least for just 209 a month. Looking for the hottest new car around check out the Corolla XRS and solar convertible now and stock at Armstrong Toyota homestead. These guys will just about stand on their head to make you a happy customer and even open late to late week nights to make sure they get all your service worked on too. Armstrong Toyota homestead was the first either off your free tires and batteries for life and now they're the first to offer your free replacement for life. How can you beat that? That's right tires, batteries and free replacement parts for life. Nobody else does that. So forget about those mega dealers with their screaming car spots for real great deal for honest. See our friend David Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota homestead. Travel little and save a lot on that great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. Trying to moveMusic Hey, you, I'll bet you God don't be coming to get you People break your standing wall Only good, rich and cheap, and no heaps Start paying the level And change your body to a public in tune Ah, send the gun Where she has a rap here Oh, right No, no, man, no Because you're after all We take to your close arms Because we're heading to a day day Not much of you have left Don't go through, talk cable Dreaming, dreaming, dreaming Get me slightly redgrew And meet other justice for the end Ah, send the gun Where he has a rap here No, God We're all dead Oh, you go to the after Oh, my God We're all dead What do you know? We're all dead You got a man who's in your sub team But you have a few weeks Can I play? No, work that way Start Organ, that Thursday at G8 meeting in Savannah, Joe To enters the bushmaster with one of his schmachter friends Look at that, one of her dramatic bodies Which aren't Shaking hands, kissing, holding her hands Shake in hands Yeah, the shaking, shaking the shake hands They're shaking Shake your booty Anyway, there was a word in that last story Which I always try very hard Because marine doubt is the one that usually screws me up Towards that I never heard of before There was a word toward the end of the story Ineluctible responsibilities who would never accept during his tenure He takes to his grave ineluctible I have no idea what that means No one on me And I was going to look at up I'll do it during the next break I was going to look at up on the dictionary Search on here But of course my computer had to reconfamulate Because of the damn real player thing Because of you But it was worth it That was worth it That was all your fault But it was what they were showing that story That trailer including the morphing part on MTV as I was flipping Alright There's kind of Lisa Rayleigh Call of Stanyan issue Yeah Every night your issues are right right here sweetheart Share of Ron Bich Jimmy Brazland writes Well I'll tell you we're getting like backed up here How to hold it this happened to me I'll get all the Reagan stories in Good And some others How's the pull coming along Let's take a look at that We don't want to forget it all Quite frankly What retail place in South Florida do you hate the most Wallmark 175 They're pulling away in the stretch When they see 129 Eckered 71 Brands Mart 68 Radio Shaq 35 You got to be on crack to shove it Radio Shaq Kmart 31 Rums to go 29 Circuit City 22 Home Depot 20 Best by 18 Burdines 13 Comp USA 13 Peppoy 12 McRashjai 10 Sand Club 8 Lowest 3 in Albertson 3 Which is one under Out of 660 votes Overgating close to 660 You know what Jimmy Brazland writes in News Day And hopefully I won't blow any words in this Scientific Methody Ludes president One of Ronald Reagan's great desires Was to have an anti-dimissile defense That would knock everything out of the sky From a fly to a huge missile He has left this with George Bush He was also sure it can work Explonations of this defense were best explained By the late Columbia Psychics Professor i.e. Rabi Psychic I beg you pardon? Did you say Psychics? Did i say Psychics? You did. Physics Professor I was thinking of Nancy Come on be sure a little bit of compassion Will you please? I was thinking of Nancy Psychics Physics Professor i.e. Rabi Rabbi He came out of Hopkins in Avenue in Brownsville in Brooklyn As first years in Grammar School he collected scraps of wire And used in the builder radio He was a man small only in size He used to sit on Riverside Rabbit occasionally a bar school at the old Costello's on 44th Street and talk about anything he had on your mind He was an Nobel Prize winner for his work on the MRI During WWW 2 he was an MIT working on a sonar That was to cover the ocean with the bodies of dead German submarine sailors Then he would say nothing was wife And leave the house and take long train trip to us Alamos, New Mexico Or he lived in secrecy and was the consultant engineer In the first atomic bomb he won the pool on the size of the first explosion ever of an atom bomb He was a psychic physics professor He was white eyes now a science advisor after that he came to Columbia As a prime physicist which is how he got to Riverside Drive and Costello's on his 44th Street One afternoon he spoke of the Star Wars missile defense that Ronald Reagan Then president you're in for so earnestly Don't you private old man of his dream, Rayby said let him have it He means nothing works he was asked Yes I'll tell you exactly how A baseball pitcher is on the mound he has the ball on his hand You have to shoot the ball out of his hand at the instant of release You can't shoot it before that and you can't shoot it after he's released the ball You must shoot at the instant at the rubber lease So the pitcher stands there and holds the ball and you're looking at him and Ray to shoot And the pitcher stands still forever and you watch him until you go crazy We spend our money on it has Russia crazy I know the scientists there they know it's nuts But the generals come up and say America is spending huge amounts of money on it They must know something we better catch up Okay, if it's not a vegetable? Yes, oh no that was Reagan it was the vegetable That is the same system that Reagan's inherited George Bush advocates so strongly today We've tested our missiles and they've hit nothing Still we spend and work on them they entaded Reagan so George Bush and herder is entwalled with the glorious Accemin of technology that with the enthusiasm of the unwashed he Heralds as the answer perhaps is early next week to the most downbolic of enemies I'm on the credit streets of Wachton Heights and there are two lines of grammar school kids coming out of a church Which are recognized as Saint Elizabeth where I've attended a funeral That was when they buried a marine named Ryan Ata Heda dead in Iraq It was there because George Bush's administration showed the nation a great scientific fact that the worst weapon A mass destruction is alive told by government officials Sodom who's saying that weapons a mass destruction ready to use against us any moment now They told to the country in every way they told that from the White House where Bush may They decided to stay the union address scaring us all to the United Nations where George tenants at the uncool and Powell Who said see these two trucks in the photographs? There are rackies moving weapons of ash destruction The pictures were frauds They'd been taken to which support been inspected by the United Nations man Hans Blix Pal today explains it as being muddled by the CIA or something like that He was my vote for the first non-white president, Powell Today I want him to quit as he should have months ago Inside this church at the hottest funeral the New York mayor Bloomberg got up and continued to lie Saying that they had a die because of trying to locate weapons of mass destruction It was a falsehood issued without a thought because the president Bush said so It is so and Bloomberg doesn't have the sense to stay clear of Bush a low IQ stemming around science People get killed because of this a huge street sign at 180th and St. Nicholas Red Tejada Street there were selling clothes and trumps and music shatter from stores And two doors in from the avenue was a display of four light candles and a milk box and color pictures Of Tejada posted on the wall alongside the doorway If you want to busy street spoken with nobody knew what the picture stood for to be known you must be on television Then a woman said she walked by 51 fifth floor that she remembered Tejada's apartment number paid him a high honor I do like that Jimmy Brersland You go quite huh You'll not quite as good as that other article, but now nothing's gonna be as good as that Of course that was on prog TV when you see it on American TV I don't think so. I don't think you'll be hearing any commentators are given up the commentary on American TV Even Castro writes Reagan legacy as a dark side in Latin America. This is on for Reuters Managuani Karagua Ronald Reagan is drunk blowing praise world wide since his death, but in central America In many remember the former US president is a quote or radical who's support for right wing leaders and rebels caused tens of thousands of lives The impoverished country is a central America erupted in violence in the 80s when Reagan was president and his administration spent millions of dollars in vicious civil wars In the name of fighting communism in America's backyard, Reagan supported country rebels against the revolutionary sand and east of government in icaragua And help prop up repressively to is that faced leftist insurgencies in al Salvador and Guatemala Since Reagan's death on Saturday the reaction in central America has been mixed We don't celebrate any death but we must be honest will not start saying now the president Reagan respected international law That he treated nicaragua well. We're not gonna lie. I said Daniel or Taga they sent an east of president led nicaragua during the war against the conference Miguel discoto the former senator needs to foreign mister added there's not the least out that president Reagan didn't icaragua much harm and caused many deaths An estimated 300,000 people died in central America's civil wars about hactoring Reagan's two terms in office Many were civilians tortured and murdered by army troops or death squads linked to armed forces that received heavy US support human rights groups say that torture and murder stuff ain't brando is it no Abu Ghara a lot of extremely nasty things were going on and the Reagan administration really defended and even actively supported some of the work human rights violators in the hemisphere Say Daniel Witton Wilkins and of human rights watch in New York Reagan central America policy came under criticism at home on the land conference scandal unfolded exposing US secret sales of arms to Iran to help fund the conference for business specifically by the US Congress There was no issue and probably has been to which since the Vietnam that is divided the American public in Congress more than the Reagan administration policy in central America said Russell Krandell at the US based console on foreign relations Reagan did not create the crises in central America the sentinies is seized power revolution month before he took office El Salvador was already falling into chaos and Guatemala civil war been going off for two decades But critics said his hard line against communism kill off any hopes for negotiated settlements polarized the region and fed violence Ronald Reagan's name is linked to the darkest dictatorships in the history of Guatemala said Mario Polanco who had say groups set up by families of many who died Reagan does have admirers in the region who say his tough stance hold of the communist threat ultimately brought democracy is 1983 invasion of the Caribbean island of Grenada to house the Marxist government and rescue stranded Americans was very popular Nick or Bhagwan prison and Mickey Bolano said Reagan was a great defender of Nick or I was returned to democracy and all liquor rights will believe in democracy Recognized that legacies and El Salvador prison Tony Sokka said Reagan helped the country in its most difficult moments Al I say the proof is in the ballot box since the end of the region civil wars photos have repeatedly elected conservative pro Washington governments The region however means sharply divided in the leftist leaders that went to war with the West back forces in the Coragua, El Salvador still pull in more than 35% of the national vote Following all these things kind of a mixed bag mostly negative Yeah, Ronnie Reagan, which you never get from this funny and sanity it goes on on CNN and MSNBC and Fox Nazi news just round a clock 24 seven, maybe all Reagan all the time And I realize you're not supposed to speak ill of the dead, but for number one he was dying for 10 years in for number two when he go this far overboard and one direction it needs to be a little counterbalance and I'm saying and our little corner of the world yeah and it's fun and tasty Yeah, and that's right 560 560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon Artisan I'm gonna get some more names of a businesses on there Norm Kent facts me one about AIDS and the Reagan which I will read We'll get to it and we'll get a couple more calls before to a black one we or not as the case maybe mad doggy to the hundred four 630 at the Marlon's on deck Marlon's at the engines little inter league play going on 705 any cap to the baseball game Let me tell you right now about a great place right now if you're starving to death lunch dinner late night snacks It's the world famous pizza locked in baby on university drive between Griffin and 595 right behind here when imports tons of free parking They got lots and lots of seats you and I have to stay on lines even a weekend and boy the prices are unbelievably low Unbelievable even after all these years Jeff has barely even raised a little notch on admin you because he likes to keep the prices way down there So you can afford to keep coming back over and over again the food is always fresh delicious. It's cooked the order three different kinds of great pizza the best garlic rolls in the world Every kind of a 10 in favorite ever heard of and lots more to every Monday. By one lasagna dinner in the second one is only five bucks and don't need any stupid coupons either Every Tuesday when you buy one eggplant dinner the second is only five bucks again. No coupon needed and on Thursday They are for special where you buy any on train the second one is only half price at the world famous pizza locked No microwave nothing like a heated up to which says everything like I said cooked fresh if you want delivery take out catering for as well as five bucks per person They do all that too call nine five four nine one six eighty eighty nine five four nine one six eighty eighty after all of these years Still going strong and still consistently delicious fresh goodies at the world famous pizza locked in Davy My and local here's sports video five sixty two a Goodbye Oh I think this all in a tap the buddy payments that winter you go again It's time for all the go no matter how many times you just say no You were out in by kitty Our lives are hundred years old And now here's a few words from your oldest friend Oh And Bob don't just no matter how big a star or how famous you are you still wind up yet You started one of these became president and then you turned into a tree We held up our socks with gardeners like a big man I'm here just grab a fact All right, just relax I know it was end and I saw So I looked up in a locked up wool which I've actually there how many people do you think know what that word means I'm talking about our audience. I think in the entire world is it? In a locked up means inevitable not to be a poor escaped. I thought it was not really like, collectible Oh They had a Florida's license division design money and it reports he was feeling political heat over a push to purge thousands of suspected felons from the state The same p times notes at Florida 67-Lexion supervisors were at the annual conference are feeding the pressure of intense public scrutiny Thank God that increases another closely for presidential election draws near the rest of the country seems convinced that Florida will screw it up again And believe you me if anybody can we will If anybody's got all the experience to do it if anybody knows how to do it we can do it man With the little penis-shaped state that could Anyway, here's a facts from somebody's obviously peoted well means probably this person works at records. I guess what's the other one is it C. S. CVS CVS This is CVS Oh, that's right CVS and there were 24 hours. They're all over the place. They're popping up right? And they're right nice car. They really? Yeah They are well, I'm partial of all greens because I have that one right nearby where I live and I like to And number two is a fine store. They got whatever I want there. They're open 24-7 now and what's not to like I just like to store and they're not ever The other hand I despise I just anyway this one says what gives Walgreens to write to be on every court in America See how they take in the place of the drug dealers. Well, that's one of the things they sell is drugs It's very scary Walgreens is secretly trying to take over the world and crush any other pharmacy in their cat like a drug dealing gang It's also very scary taking my film there's something I'll never do again. They put up a great front with their new shiny stores all of the say shini here Shiny stores, but with the huge credit stores across the country knowledge there is very very thin whatever that means film processing Yeah, yeah, that'd be pretty smart to put your thing in there put your name on the envelope and stick it in the thing and send it up to where they do it Still processing film the old fashion. Why are they? No, sure. They're not gonna go out of getting no digital look camera stuff like that. Are you crazy on everything now though? No, no, they're not gonna do that. Get them up. Bending machine. Nah, you can't do that even on your pop up toast. You can take pictures of the bread Walgreens on the inside frying. In fact in the Ronnie's casket. That's bad. That's terrible Well, I still think it's an empty casket. I think he's in there. Yeah, I agree Finally, doesn't that make sense to you? What if some water says goes up there and tries to pop the thing open? Yeah, he's gonna be like, he's gonna be the eye to the fall on the helicopter. I have a spot. Not good. Anyway, Norma can't It's the fact that this earlier or email this earlier. While the rest of the nation mourns the death of Ronald Reagan, this is his legacy to me, his norma. Although AIDS was first reported in the medical and popular person, 1981 was only October 87. That's two years after Rock Hudson died. President Reagan ever even publicly spoke about the epidemic. By the end of that year, 59,572 AIDS cases have been reported and 27,900 of those women and men had died. How could this happen? How could Reagan not say anything through all these years of death and spreading disease affecting so many gay Americans? In practical terms, Reagan's long-sounds, men age research was chronically underfunded. When doctors at the Centers for Disease Control and the National Institute for Health Funding for the Work on AIDS, they were routinely denied it. Between June of 81 and May of 82, the CDC spent less than a million dollars on AIDS, but nine million dollars on Legionnaires disease. At that point over a thousand of the 2008 cases reported resulted in death, there were fewer than 50 deaths from Legionnaires disease, this drastic lack of funding would continue through the Reagan years. When health and support groups in the gay community integrated education intervention programs were instigated those programs, they were denied federal funding. In October of 87, Jesse Helms back with Reagan's support amended a federal appropriation bill that prohibited AIDS education efforts that encourage her promoted homosexual activity that is tele- gay men how to have safe sex. Throughout all of this, Ronald Reagan did nothing. When rock cuts in a friend and colleague of the Reagan's was diagnosed and died in 1985, one of almost 21,000 cases reported that year, Reagan still did not speak out. When family friend William H. F. Buckley in March 1918, 1960, or times article said that HIV positive gay men should have this information, forcibly tattooed on their buttocks Reagan said nothing. In 1986, after five years of complete silence, when surgeon general C. Everett Cooper released report, calling for AIDS education in schools, Bennett and Howard and everything possible to undercut and prevent funding for a COOPs too little too late initiative. By the end of 1986, 37,000 AIDS cases have been reported over 16,000 people had died. The most memorable Reagan AIDS moment was that the 1986 cemetery reded a case of the Statue of Liberty. The Reagan's were there sitting next to the French Prime Minister in his wife, Francois and Daniel Mitterrand, Bob Hopes on stage entertained the All-Star audience. In the middle of the series of one-liter's hope-quipped, I just heard that the Statue of Liberty has AIDS, but she does know she got it from the mouth of the Hudson or the Staten Island Ferry. As the television camera pantheotic audience, the Mittirbans looked up Paul, the Reagan's were laughing. By the end of 1989, 115,786 women and men of a diagnosed with AIDS in the US, more than 70,000 of them had died. We've learned today through research science and the process of medicine that AIDS can be controlled and contained, the great communicated the right wing and the churches he supported next to nothing to facilitate this process or enhance those discoveries or promote this research. This is the legacy he leaves to the thousand-to-veid victims whose graves are marked by a silence. I heard on the news this morning that we're being encouraged to overlook the occasional shortcomings or gaps and focus on the accomplishments of Reagan's life, I find the death of hundreds of thousands of human beings damn hard to overlook. Can you? The point is that Ronald Wilson Reagan took it out to defend and protect the people of the other states, gay or straight, black or white, well or ill. An honest review tells us he could have done better, and if we had the courage to own up to a prison successes and his failures, Mr. Reagan failed when it comes to fighting a disease that still spreads across the world today with frightening breath. Who knows where we might have been today if Reagan had launched the battle when he had a chance to do so a quarter of a century ago. Pretty good stuff, Norm. Excellent. Good job. By the way, Norm can't on Saturday and some augustation again now. Anybody care? No. I just thought I mentioned it. Funny why did me to mention it. Wait for your identification? What's that? I don't know the station. The light bulb, junior, I don't know. I have no idea. Is it that 1400 thing? You're not asking me right? I'm asking. I'm asking Josh. I'm sure Josh listens a lot to the Joyce Kaufman show and all of that stuff, right? All of the old Riley. Don't you have any spare time? Oh yeah. Probably taking notes. In fact, Josh will probably start putting some of his own bedtime stories on a website pretty soon once we turn that over. Keys are the key to him over to him once Eric stops being such a hard ass. I mean, I didn't say that, did I? Come on, Eric. Turn those keys over to Josh doing to help a job. Okay? We didn't get him that computer so we can sit around and look at all kinds of crap on there. All right. All we probably is. All kinds. Well, but what retail, but not like Biner Boy though, but we don't have to go into that. What retail place in South Florida do you hate the most? Like I said, Walmart 1952. Believe me. When did C142? Brandsmart 72, Eckered 72, Raid Watch yourself. Radio Shack 36, Kmart 34, Rums to Go has got. About 30 man. Maybe it was Josh. Care a circuit city 22 home depot 21, best by 20, Bird 9 16, Compio a 16, Pet Boy's 15, Actors giant 12, Sam's Club 8, Lowes 4, Albertson's 4 out of 7 16. Got that he found it? Yeah. Good. Right at down. 1 26 at 5 60, Q AM. Press that button. Press that button. And low. This is for you guys. You A-A-A. Should've been a little bit more. I'm gonna go to the next one. I'm gonna go to the next one. I'm gonna go to the next one. I'm gonna go to the next one. I'm gonna go to the next one. I'm gonna go to the next one. Chill out watching heaven for torture. It's all a part of war. The look part and you could finally see the right back here. Why do you think it's by? That just made you the in a pile. Okay. There was one with electrical on the janitor. Where am I called? Deep when we told our biggest mistake. This camera's a take. Some pictures to be cool. C'mon, shoot the rope. Picking any0- Grim Inramprof 1 Why does that go? And get the pictures to the Books. But it's nothing so mackerel. I was afraid a bit, but a Noah Stewart that went alone... I had to blow it up to him like a Snaglock It was almost clear why he didn't expect Sam to get more of it? Once the Coin, maybe one. Gables tomorrow night at 6 at books and books. And what he great will be there and to go there and say, hey, what are you looking at to get a haircut? Speaking of people in South Florida, more OJ controversy says the essential. No. We've port circulated on Tuesday that OJ Simpson's attorney is on cash as a condition for interviews on NBC Fox News channel and court TV. Executives at ABC and CBS yesterday confirm that he held a lantern. Simpson's attorney had approached the respective networks about interviews, though the difference slightly on what conditions have been said. According to once an area reported in the New York Post, the Miami-based attorney reportedly sought to be retained as a consultant for 100 grand, thus circumventing network pay for play rules. And an ABC news spokesman said yesterday a Glander pitch was rejected that was outside our standards. A CBS spokeswoman declined a comment. In a phone interview, Glander disputed the post reports and ABC's contention that he had approached them. They're full of schmitt. And you can quote me on that. He said, each network request an interview we had to say in the kitty critic, whose interview aired Friday, which chosen because she brings an incredible amount of credibility and stature. And NBC News spokeswoman said NBC News did not and never will pay for an interview. Anyone who says otherwise is clearly disappointed that they got scooped. A Fox News, not the News spokeswoman, and that not one dime was paid, and that Glander had been a frequent cash done, Glander and Sustron Brown show were Simpson. Was it a beauty? And you know the good news about all of that? With that? With him appearing all over the place. I never saw one second of it. Oh, you know me either. All right. Josh, you any of it? All right. Excellent. There you go. No, O.J. for us. We'll leave that to screw in the water Nazi. Greg, all those other sickle fans around a QM building, all those other Josh sniffers. Oh, O.J. O.J. we love you, O.J. In fact, you know something I'm thinking that maybe screw in in the water Nazi. Well, nevertheless, I don't want to go into that. Maybe O.J. can pay them a visit. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What retail place in South Florida, you hate them. That's only been what about 50 hours since I took that last call. I think that guy just kind of like, sourd me on calls for, oh, he was. He wanted to make me cry. That's tip. Yeah, W.A.M. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, it's Robert. I've packed you this morning, George, that link to the future of picture. Thank you. I love you. The one, well, thank you, profusely. That's the best. Well, thank you. Where did that come from? I founded on a side called fund.org, PHU and the little portal site or something. Anyway, I found the link there. And as well on there, there's a link for bushgame.com. I don't know if you've seen this bushgame, but that's, uh, you're saying, I think that's really the dategame.com. Well, I don't know. Yeah, he's been really on the website. Anyway, uh, put my vote in for Walmart. I hate them profusely, uh, like poison and I would ban from one and palm heart or so. Why is that? Well, I have a little situation once, uh, when I went in there to buy some, but that added for my old car and an anti car and didn't want to help me. Oh, there's this law and this and that and I got an argument with the manager in this guy. That was about 16 at the time. So he asked me for my ID, you know, 16, 17 forms, my shoe size, so scared. No matter what you had to be a vacer, you had to be legal aged to buy land and led additive for the gas land of my car. What else are Nazis? But, uh, and, you know, I can go anywhere else. Auto parts store discount here there and no problem with somewhere else. I guess you learned your lesson and go any place else. Any place else? Yeah. Thanks a lot Rob. Thanks for all your stuff. Good thing up on and put him on the head. Hold on. Okay. He wanted my email because he's going to send more stuff, which is good. Great. Oh, actually, if this guy finds more stuff like that, if you haven't looked at that picture today of John Aeskrop, man, he would be following at the mouth to see that for somewhere. Wow. I probably at the back of him. Yeah. I hear he's got a problem. Wait, to do you see that collage of naked flesh. Yeah. We're looking at all the little olive which just combines to make the push of John Aeskrop. In fact, he probably like to get that drape, that cloth, like a cover to wood, not a whole thing. The wash cloth. WCWM, hello. Hi, now I don't. Yes, sir. Great. Just wanted that. It is you here. That's Jeff Greenfield said that, uh, that it's a good thing that Reagan died when he did. I know I do have to hear about O.J. all week long. I like that online. I told him it was your thing about time. He came up with something good. Okay, he got the good work. Thanks. That is a good line. For Jeff Greenfield, he usually has absolutely nothing to say on these certainly not news network, but that's pretty good. Good thing Reagan died so we didn't have to be in the day with O.J. See, you got upstairs to get O.J. Nobody cares about your serial ass. Okay. Whether it's real dark black, like time magazine, made it or kind of like Mocha. Nobody cares in your daughter, H.E. like Poison and your real slime ball. Nobody's fooling anybody, murdering piece of turd. Even mad dog. You turd. I want to be conserving with you. W.J. Hello. There's that thing again, you know. Just makes you kind of wonder. Line 9, we know who that is. W.J. Hello. What is it? The fourth one. Okay, thank you. It was him. W.J. Hello. Yes, sir. I saw I saw him in the Internet that they're thinking about naming the Pentagon after Reagan. Yes, that's correct. Oh my God. And we're going to name every street in America after Reagan to the Reagan Drive Reagan Parkway Reagan Avenue Reagan Uranus, everything's going to be renamed after Reagan. That's going to be going to take it. Welcome to Reagan World Pally. 560560, palm 560, only AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We'll talk you to that story about general cutting losing favor in Africa. We'll get to it. W.J. Hello. I have a suggestion for your folks. Yes, sir. Alex. Get off the damn phone. Okay. W.J. Hello. Hello, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I just want to see if you read that or heard about that. How about a week back at the York University? What speech was that? He gave a quick statement. How dare they brag the good name of the United States of America. There's a mud on Saddam Hussein's culture. Is that the way you're talking about? No, I don't think that was it. It's the Texas on, I know you're not a big fan, but I'm Bruce Springstein.net. I'm sure that's the speech that came from a positive S when you're talking about. But the whole speech is on as I'm at website. Okay, great. That's a great speech. What is the springsteens.com? Bruce Springstein.net. That net. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. 20 till 2 at 5. 60 QA. And look. This is 4.25. 60 QA. And we have... Beyond God. What motivated me to get Huston Fonic's was my sons and ability to read? Phrases like Abu Ghara, read. Reciples of death in torture. When you first went to have to read a book, I'd read a set here reader. You did it. Pre-sending, the newest version of Huckdown Fonnans. Phrases like Abu Ghara, resembles of death in torture. Call now 1800 ABCDEFG. Making progress. Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, read. 144 at 5.60 WDKM. And dogged 2. Laura Bush opposed to stem cell research expansion. That's the rate just leaves me flowed. These people want to just puke and he all over the place. What did you expect? The least shot up her yet. Okay, at least don't say nothing at all. So in other words, if this comes to a vote and Congress in a house and Senate pass it overwhelming, he's going to veto that as they tell us. There's a shout. It's for you on good. General cutting shows signs of losing favor in Africa. There are some good news. Oh man. And seeing Oshuri, as still remembers the price he felt years ago, when she leaned over each of her three daughters, knife and hand, and sliced into their genitals. Each time as the blood started to flow, she quickly dropped an eye and picked up a needle and thread, quickly expertly she sold her daughters vaginas almost shut. I was full of pride she'd be called recently. I felt like I was doing the right thing in the eyes of God. I was preparing them for the marriage by sealing their vaginas. Now she feels like a butcher, a sinner, a mother, or harm to her own flesh and blood. Not to mention the thousands of other girls she said she's circumcised in the last quote of a century as part of a traditional right, still common in Africa, by the way. Slowly, general cutting is losing favor. It's losing its grip. Parliaments are passing laws for bidding the practice, which causes widespread death and death in this figment. Girls are fleeing their homes to keep their vaginas intact. Wouldn't you? He at the headward. Women who have been carrying out the cutting and who have been revered by the communities for doing so are beginning to lay down their knives. Remember that's all by the court? That's laid down your knives? No. No. Ms. Avichaboka Brian does. Ms. Shury, a lovely mother of eight, is known far and wide in Northeastern Kenya, Kenya. Can you believe it? Parliaments are a general cutter as one of them. What are you referring? I'm a general cutter. The gentle, general cutter. When local members of woman-kind Kenya, a grassroots group opposing the practice, visit Ms. Shury, a hot outside, got east at two years ago. She chased them off her property. This was something her mother had done before. She started as an apprentice while still in adolescent by holding down girls legs for a mother to perform the right, which a potants call, genital mutilation. I thought my mother would curse me from the grave if I didn't carry on the tradition. She said, it was a tradition in the family. Kind of like you know what I'm off you. They're carried on from one generation to another. The retangible benefits as well. She had prestige in her community or in the good in kemore, then her husband. She said it as a camel herder before we die of tuberculosis. She said she had no use for those people came around denouncing her way of life, but her opponents were to determine a lot. They knew that Ms. Shury was one of the longest serving genital cutters around, and that she held sway over the community. If only she could be converted, they figured others would certainly follow. Ms. Shury, a frail but feisty grandma who wrapped her head in colorful schmothas was rather sent in her ways. Again in the game she refused to hear their arguments. It was so difficult to change her mind, so feyah abd nor the fowder of woman-kind Kenya, which worked with the ethnic samallis who live in Kenya's rugged northeastern province, and as attracted local supporters throughout the region, we knew she was respected who buttoned her on our side. Finally, the anti-cutting advocates tried a different tack. They showed up with religious leaders, Ms. Shury, a religious Muslim could not chase them away. She said that was an influential clerks in her community who come to the realization that the religion was harmful and not dictated by her consistent with the teachings of the Quran. The imams denounced the practice. They told her that the vagina was part of the body, just as important in the eyes of God as an eye of finger or limb. In fact, some of you guys probably think even more important. Yeah. Cutting it, they argued in their long session outside her home, is a sin. Cut it out, went and cut it out. They went even further. They told her that her sins required her to compensate the gross she had maimed. Each of them was due 80 canals they said. But smoke is bad for you. Each of them was due 80 canals. Ms. Shury, a prosperous biological standard but not that prosperous was shaken. She sobbed then she prayed. Finally, she pleaded with the imams for a way out of her impossible situation. They said the only way to avoid paying the compensation was to seek the forgiveness of each of the gross she had cut. This is when she turned from a cutter to an act of opponent. She began making house calls on the grosshood undergone her knife many of them were women now. She explained her conversion and pleaded for their forgiveness. She cried each time she said, why did she we? Because camels are cancer sticks and they'll kill you. Especially 80 of them. I like this article. Are you not going to read any more from Capitol Hill, Blummel? Thanks again to Eric for finding that website. Man, that's great. We got to link to it now in the whole deal. Capitol Hill, Blu. On the day George Tenet resigned as director of the CIA, his counterpart on the domestic side, FBI director Robert Mueller was acting Congress to consider painting a new agency within his own to handle all the humankind counter-retones' activities. The Mueller proposal was actually offered by Representative Frank Wolf of Virginia Republic in several months ago, as it means of preserving the bureau's counter-retelges responsibilities rather than creating an entirely new agency, pattern after Britain's MI5 which the FBI and the District Department oppose for quite obvious reasons. The MI5 proposal would diminish the bureau's power and relegated to just another law enforcement agency which is what primarily it is anyway. Wolf shares the House of Propheation subcommittee that oversees the FBI and would lose some power and influence of the bureau's downsides. It's a good bet the FBI had a hand in hatching his plan. But as the mistakes pile up, it's becoming more and more evident that the bureau may be incapable of smoothing out its intelligence collecting wrinkles and just establishing independent direct rid of that task within some borders would do nothing to solve the problem. The two latest publicized Goosecime and a false fingerprint ID in the Spanish bombing case, poor guy. Setting up a new bureau within the bureau would allow Mueller once again to add to the FBI's numbers. The force already has nearly 12,000 agents and thousands of technicians clerks and support personnel were creating a bureaucracy within a bureaucracy and probably result in worse rather than medical operation with other federal state local agencies. After all of this crap with 9-11 and we're going to cut that out and no more of this not communicating it. There's still a little of the same thing. They're all protecting the one turf. How can you say that because it's true? Take a look at that poll. What retail place in South Florida do you hate the most? The spies at Walmart to await, but when this year very surprisingly strong second 150 and aren't you a little bit surprised? No, actually. Does the word schmutz come to your mind when I go to the country? It's been a long time since I've been in one for a good reason. Yeah. Feed up your act when mixing. What's upon a time? They were the store back in the day. Walmart to await when Dixie won 58, Eckered 77, we hate them. You know he croaked Brands March 73, Kmart 41, Radio Shaq 38, Rums 2, 33, Home Depot 26, Circus City 23, Best Buy 21, if you got a lot of time. Comp USA 19, Burai in 17, Petboy 16, Mattress, Giant 12, Sam's Club 9, Albertsons 8 and Lowe's, even with that diaphragm, they only got four. Five, and local, this is five, six, and the radio's on your... Nooo! That's a cute, man! Hey, what a big star! By that little bit sweet voice, how do you put the good anyway, a little cute, you cute? We say cute. I thought you just said it was a good one. I thought you said it was a good one. I just thought it was a good one. The more white he knew. Yeah, whatever. No, for white he knew. What do I do? I'm wearing a hat here. Yeah. I want a tie. I do a tech group. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. In a home. And boy, in my house. Why you, why you, that's not you. That's it. I know my smell and traction. But unlike that you, you still got such a... I feel just like that you are my dear brother. And what need you to learn? That's why you're so much buying. That's it. That's it. That's it. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm on a show. And what you, is it to my ears? It's me, so let's go, bye. All right, that's enough. Oh, what did you find out? I called him. I wasn't ready to do it. I wanted to name it in his home. I don't even know how you got children. They're above. Hello. I want to take on J.P. Oh, J.P. Is it great? I can a good joke. I like J.P. Well, not to mention he's got extraordinarily smooth detox. Oh, yeah. He's going to give all you say here. Oh, please don't. Thank you, ma'am. No, no, wait a minute. Go. I have nothing else to say. Oh, about this. How's the way the down there in the mirror, ma'am? I'm right down the street from you. I have to go. Oh, I know. Oh, I know. I have to go. I told you what. I'll hold you off it up. I'll get you one of my old dentisures. That's not that. No way. That was the only color we had. The things I know that's growing again. I know it's going to grow. I know it's going to grow. I know it's going to grow. I know it's going to grow. I know it's going to grow. I know it's going to grow. Wow. We've got things with all things. I know that I can taste. And around those old people. You walk around. Wow. And you go. I don't see a road map of Yipcelancy. Yipcelancy is on. Way to go. I know it's closed when something's steep. Almost every day I see. And my veins are really stuck at the temple. My end and oil. The door to the noise noise. Yeah, I'm full. I can't fall on a path. And I'm full of incredible clouds. The little kids feel the crippled veins. We're the kind of blind and poor kids feel. And I'm full of a blind. I know that's never really. Oh no. I'm full of a blind. I'm full of a blind. Bye bye. I'm so full of a blind. I'm so full of a blind. I see that great looking piece of ass over there in section 127. Oh.