I'm not gonna do that. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna do that. Welcome back to O'Cress Girls Man. We're just saying no. We're gonna be. Oh! So when you can't weigh in, my hand is forward to letting you know. I'm gonna do that. Quite bad that I backed up. He put a plus line where you shouldn't have. Oh, Jesus. Not even where the final find that thing. I was just playing. Well, we don't have time anyway. So he just heard a little bit of it. I was, I think I'm losing my mind. Well, because my first inclination is I'm looking around like, what am I doing here? What? It must be my bad. It could possibly be on it. But it could be on it. Oh, no, must be some malfunction that the junction here. Josh was already funny. But they made him drive the Sarasota for doughnuts this morning. I see. I'm not talking about that whole morning thing. All right. I'm not getting involved now. I'm just glad that Joe Rose is back today. What a breath of fresh air after you're having a follow-up. You follow that bozo the big O yesterday. Good guy. It's not personal man. You just suck on the air. You're an idiot. I mean, on the air. And off the right, I don't know if he did. Is he an idiot off the air or not? Isn't nice guy having talked from all that much? So like I said, it's business definitely not personal. But before he blows. Anyway, now let me ask you another question. Since we got a lot of fish to fry here, we only got two and a half hours to do it. But we really only have two hours. But I've been on until the audience said. We shall give it that. It's right noon to 12 30 hour. Where is Todd Drek with my fast train copy that he was going to bring in? How that quick wing? That little simple then. That it's in the very first break. Come on up in just a few minutes here. Where is Todd Drek? Where is the evidence that this man is doing some work at WQAM? Do we have any evidence whatsoever? No, not yet. All eyes are focused on that door. I'm sure waiting for that little quizzling become. Maybe he'll just slip it on the door. And the copy too. Mary McGurray's dead. Who? I don't say that. You know who Mary McGurray was? She died. Legendary newswoman covered a half century of Washington. columnist Mary McGurray made you figure in the 20th century American journalism. A writer of Lyssey Influence, exclusive technique, liberal convictions, a content for phonies and a love of orphans and elf Indians. That lasted George Washington University hospital. A hospital spoke for him to climb to get the cousin dead. Wow. He was a doctor. Wonderful. Yes. And then never heard of it. Well, let's see. She was more August 22nd, 1918, so that made her 8285. Well, it says right here she was 85, but I guess the most luminous writer and clearest taken when the business of New York Times come this Marine Dowd declared a migraine. A tribute to her career several years ago. And this was on a great life. Mary McGurray is dead 85. And if you know who that was, then you're like, well, American probably. Let's take a look. We got lots of fish to find here today. We got two poles for the price of one. Yesterday's pole, the most important athlete of the 20th century was as much as they hated that pole. We still had 18 everyone. No, it's not like that. That's too shabby. We'll start from the bottom. Well, Chamberlain, early banks down in you, have won, County United. Sugar Ray Robinson, Pete Samper's Casey Stangley, Ted II, Mickey Mendel, and New Rockney and Mark Spitz and George Armstrong, the chief, Mary Elamue and Hank Aaron and Ty Cobb, each head tree. Four people. Joe name, let's believe you and King Willie Schumacher and others things just moved on me again. I hate when you're computer does that, don't you? Yeah. David Beckham at five, Arthur's ass at five, Pete Rose five, stickin' of ass. Gordie Howe, a pound judge for the spelling of Gordie five. Willie May six, Sandy Coax, good Jewish boy head seven, Ted Williams eight, Arnold Palmer, Joe Montana nine. Oh yeah. When you think of athleticism, I always think of Joe Montana and Arnold Palmer in the same bag. In fact, Arnie's squeeze news bag these days. They had a varmose bag at that last tournament up there in Augusta. Kurt's level 11, Jim Brown 13 should have been a lot more than that. Joe to measure 13. Robert, talk about say 15 Tiger Woods, Wayne Grinsky, Jim Thorpe and Bobby, or each head Wayne. Lance Armstrong's from 26. OJ had Bob Jordan, man. Ted L. 39, Danny Boyd, then Marino had 56 as in Q56. Love you, Danny. You just don't belong in this list. Well, now he did. Yeah, it's South Florida thing. How come John always not on here? Let me ask you Josh to John L. Waywin Superboles. Yes, you did? Yes. Dan Marino went on. See that's a bad argument. But he just don't belong in her. Michael Jordan 82, Jesse O. Jordan 39, they Bruce 143. How's Danny doing a new job with the dolphins by the world? Sorry. They Bruce 143, Mahamir Ali 234, Jackie Robinson 320, Jackie Robinson, who changed the complexion of baseball if we can say that. 320 votes. And no athletes are important. 515, 20 and a percent. There's no buy. How much money it will be? Or just spinning blood. But I was sure they had to be in that clip from yesterday. He was filming it. I'm almost glad to the point where I liked him. But what John Kerry is just to make him be a sick and my stomach? Yeah. I mean, we would think that he should be making his thing the difference is between hand and motion. No matter what the issue is now, he's more and more the same as Bush. What would say in fact, you can and had a great line of what I'm just this morning. We talked about immediately. So does Bush announced his marriage with a devil with Jerome on those settlements, which is totally unacceptable. So Kerry went out of the condos and floored at Pat. And started to say, hey, you know, Bush has a great idea. I mean, just embarrassing. Hey, there's a buddy, which one is that? The Prince? Oh, there's Prince Bandar, yeah. We're election. Yeah, the, the, the, the Mowbandy man. Well, I don't have time for him. We got the Pamela Summarton out our website today on, uh, behind a beaten curtain. Pamela Suis-Borjana, where a 1553 makes her kind of old babe. She's 51 old bag. I mean, in Westport, Connecticut, she was born. Dynasty, 1981. Fallon Carrington Colby was named her character. She wasn't a hardly boys. Yep, that around thing. And then she drew Mr. Easty played Nancy Drew. Why didn't know that? I did. Because I never watched an Nancy Drew mystery. Watch the Hardy boys because, uh, because the Hardy. No, Sean Cassidy, I don't like. Who's the other one? It was in there. A mojo. Harper Stevenson. Very, very good. Harper Stevenson. He never stole a freight train. Who was he married to? Was he, per se, Ellie? Venetna Mow. And she says that he has... Taddles. He is talent? Yeah. And Norma say, I remember. Nah. Jesus. She was not 70 show. Glory to Andrew Show. Alfred Hitchcock presents. Sarah in her live. Love. Love. Vote. Fancy Island. The quest. The guest. The guest. Stargains. The crying a wild. Oh, Jesus been all over the place. The girl will hunting the house. The assignment venture. The woman. Buster and Billy. A crying a wild. The gun and a pulpit. The hanging way played could happen to you to do the final men's songs. So there she is. She's Pamela Summarten. And you will not be too pleased with the fact that there isn't an awful lot show in there. But it's the best we could do. And it's a real picture. It's a little bit. Bigger part. Hmm? Now, here's the first poll today. And let me say again, we have real heavy duty. We don't have much time to be little and around. So it's probably an active god I would say. But Josh screwed up the opening there was plain Tommy squeaking through that spot. Whatever that was. That was just mind blowing. In fact, I got a great idea. What we can do for those of you who pick up our HD TV radio, whatever the thing is in stereo, through the let's speaker, we'll be here in spots and we'll be doing our show on the, you hear the comedy bits on the right speaker just to conserve time. And I'm not complaining. Believe you me because we love our Florida Marlins man after that thrilling, unbelievable victory. Michael O'Hill's three home runs takes 12 and he's in Philadelphia. Leave goes back and forth. Eight to seven Florida Marlins win as they're back on the right track again. How do you like that? Am I jumping down to bandwagon? No, no, but I like him a lot when he played really games. Pull number one today. Should the US reinstate the military draft? And I'm going to tell you I saw this Chuck from Nebraska, Hable last night. He's a crazy person. Yes. He's out of his mind. He was standing things they just made my blood boil. The president's on the right track. We're doing the right thing over there, but we're going to need the troops and with all the involvement of finding terror around the world. And it's a great, you know, a really good idea. Yeah, it's a really good idea. And I'm thinking to myself, here we go with Vietnam all over again. We didn't learn our lesson the first time. How many young people and middle aged people and whatever they are. How many of our people can we bring back and body bags? That's the question. How many thousand? But turn me. Well, we can do better than that. Yeah, those people have their way. It fills character. And this balloony that somehow the draft is going to like catch your all of the, you know, the wealthy people, sons and daughters. They all forget about that. Who the hell you can? Never did before and wouldn't do it again. But if the Republicans like, and of course also on air and doing doing it so are castically is my good post friend from on New York, what's his name Charlie Rangel? It won't see it in yesterday. Well, at least Charlie was. And Charlie says, well, if you want to support the war in Iraq, if you know, if you're going to be for it, then go and fight it. Right now. Is what he's saying. So I think Robisville, that all the other Neo cons, who never fought, well, never served one day in a military in their lives, for their country. I think those people ought to be able to find it right now. Anyway, should the US reinstate the military draft? Yes, our troops are over-stated. Yes, everyone should have to serve. Yes, that'll hit young people to vote. No, don't send our kids to be slaughtered or no, it's fine the way it is now. Those year forward five choices. I can't imagine eight Nails. Can you? No. Okay. Now this pull is up only the first hour because then we got heavy duty that other pull that's going to, it's going to probably be the longest there when we ever did in terms of how, maybe not. We did that one hit wonders, but we change that every day. This one's just going to be like slopping over. You know what I mean? What do you mean? Slopping over. We're just thinking of screwing in a little bit. Where is Todd Dreck? What is he? Where is Todd Dreck? Oh, I just got the copy. Did you? Well, put it in that fast machine right now because we got a couple minutes. There you go. Nice work, Todd. See, you can actually do it. You have, well, I haven't seen it yet. I wrote the date on there just, you know, for reference. No problem. No problem. It'll just change it anyway. The worst hit song. This is the pull that starts at 11 o'clock. The worst hit song, top 40 of all time is see we had to define hits on. Well, I don't know. Well, the reason that I'm doing this is because it's a big now. It's everywhere, as a matter of fact because it is, what's that magazine again? What's you seem to know? And I have no idea what it is a blender. Nice and blender, which you can make some great smoothies in here too, as a matter of fact. But they have the worst and again, I've got their list of the worst 50. I originally had only the worst 10, but now thanks to the Houston Chronicle. I've got their list of the worst 50 songs of all time. And I would certainly take great issue with some of these, which you are agreeing before the show. I mean, what for example is wrong with, with, what's up by four non-blans? You're the inspiration by Chicago. Huh? Nothing. They're just, whatever they're fine. I mean, what's they get to courtesy of the right and blue the end of your American with Toby Keith. I say, right on, you're spot on, man. I go talk to. Anyway, so here's what we start with. The worst hit song, top 40 of all time is ring my bell. You light up my life. Seasons in the sun, the umptiest Terry jacks. We built this city, Starship, and these additional ones that are on here. This is the top 10 from that massive blender pool. We built this city, Starship, achy, breaking heart, Billy Ray Cyrus. Everybody have fun tonight, Wayne Chung. Roland Limpisket. Ice ice baby, vanilla ice. The higher rock and roll, he will lose end of news. Don't worry, be happy, Bob, they will fair an oya. Party all the time, eating Murphy. You couldn't sing as much of a paper sack even if he was dressed up in drag. American life Madonna, everything in ivory, public hearty, and Stevie are wonder why they made that song. So there's the starter list for you to get you going. Let's see, y'all. Yeah, I saw this already. Somebody facts to put. I did not print this out so I was well. It's on a Michael Moore website. He points out that he just got ordered as new film, Fair and High 911 has been selected by the Can Film Festival, the premier in competition next month. It's only the second time in the last 48 years that a documentary has been chosen to be in the main competition. The first one, of course, being boring for Colabine in 2002. And in fact, another documentary has been chosen for this year as well. The non-fiction film Revolution rules on, says a good friend Michael Moore. He's a best. Fair and High 911 will be in theaters all across the US and the rest of the world this summer. He says more infogocent than all the juicy details to follow, Michael Moore. You go, boy. Okay, look at this. This is great. I mean, Todd Rect actually have it to get off his lazy, obnoxious little ass, his pampered ass, because he's got naked pictures of screw-in and a Billy goat or Billy somebody. I think way to lie, holiday. No, oh, geez. What an achy, breaky, well. 1013 at 560 W.M. Let's face it. Even here, we talk about fast train for a long time. Not till you're blue and a face and probably wanted to make sense for you. Well, the facts are simple. If you have the dedication, fast train will provide you with an unnecessary training and it can up your chief that new high paying computer career in just four short months. Think about it by the end of the summer. You can be on your way. Fast trains got day night and weekend classes financial assistance is waiting for those who qualify. Once you complete your classes, fast train will even help you in obtaining that new computer job. What's not to like? It's really that easy. So just pick up that photo maker called I can change your life for the better in a big time. Call 1-86 fast train that's 1-86 fast train. Fast train's got seven photo locations including Miami, Kendall Fortagre, El Cumberpine, so there's about to be a fast train campus convenient by where you live. Pick up the photo maker. One easy call that need you a big bad paycheck real soon. Call 1-86 fast train or check them on the worldwide wicked web at fasttrained.com. Find a local 265-163-154-154. Have you been away yet? Anybody have a heart or a liver? No. I can't believe when someone's on a swamp. Do we didn't take her to town? If her or her brother would have been a job there by us. We found them bad. Back in other studies they hit us hard. And our hearts are a little flat sweet. As my son he who loved and retired boys the bombers were all way. And our veterans to be in America where they found no more sightsees. The United States of America's, they'd buy good tennis and the peace we make on this country. And the late boys to the United States and my sister, please. I don't want them to be a taxomeranist. You were saved in the United States. What's a few thousand innocent lives to stop living in the past? If you want that as you feed to dry you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They bring us to the league. And anyone who says that obviously, you're going to afford to be. And none embarrassed to be in America where we paid three hours in police. We've a flagged one pass with our head in the sands. They'd buy me a bottle of flowers that he has a sense. He's a friend of God. 20 after 10. Actually, I'm enjoying some of these bits better with the beliefs and the sounds and the parts and the whistles. Much better. Nice call, Brian. Now, big R&E, who ever had some bad grits over the weekend or something, says we need to get out of a ratcha. Never been there. It's turning into another Vietnam. I lived through that area where I was horrible. Then he goes on to say, however, we need a draft. Not for this war, but because we spend a fortune now advertising on TV and radio to try to entice people in the voluntary and to join the armed forces. Plus we spend a fortune in perks to get them to volunteer with the draft we could stop all this expense. This draft should just be able to stop the army with people. Not for this jerky war. I hate to break the news to you. Arnie, we're already there. And if we do reinstate the draft, they have the guts to which they never go to happen. At least not during before the election. But if they did do that, what it basically means is that, you see, Arnie obviously don't have 18-8 sons or daughters because if he did, right, and be talking, I crap. Then your sons and daughters could be sent off to be slaughtered just like they were during Vietnam. So if you do have any recollection of how grotesque and horrible it was, and the 58,000 people who came back in bodybase, you ought to be keeping that in mind again for a totally illegitimate war that was fought based on lies, the Gulf of Taken Resolution, just like this war was fought based on lies to them at UMDs, the Akkata connection, all these things. So there we go. A new people on this pool, I just put on it as to, you know, see how the things falls out. But I guarantee that nobody who's got teenage sons or daughters is voting, yes, we need the draft back. And certainly no 18-19-year-old kids out there are voting, no, yeah, we want the draft. No way. It's matter of fact, I'll be checking at the border, okay, who can come up here and who can't. If you're real ugly, you got no chance. Hundred-leaven votes to the US, reinstate the military draft. No, don't say that our kids to be slaughtered, 56. No, it's fine away, it is now 22. Yes, that'll get young people to vote, 18. Yes, everyone should have to serve of 12, and yes, our troops are over a standard 3. So the yes is, for whatever the 3 reasons you got to see, 13, almost, the 30 million. We need to see the draft back. Oh, man, we're going to hear you the same cure that Chuck Hagle needs in Nebraska. I mean, what does it take now? I mean, I'm going to tell you the bottom line, I've been telling you this all along, and more I watch BBC and the CBS, either more, we realize that America's got no, unless you go on the internet, unless you cure enough, which most people don't have the inclination or the time or either one. Unless you go and scour to find the truth for yourself, you're not going to find it on the NBC or ABC or CBS, or CNN, or MSNBC, and certainly that on Fox, it just ain't there. Some channel surf and last night, and there's a show that's on if we week on a CBS called Counter-Spin, and they take a topic, whether it's a rack, or well, whatever the hot topic isn't, they have guests on who actually know what they're talking about. And one of the guests was Greg Pulaske, well, it seems to me that we've had some of his articles on our website over the couple last couple years, Greg Pulaske, who had the name. Anyway, he's a, he does his work mostly for the BBC because the American networks will touch it with the ten-foot pull. He's got his own website. I immediately had not seen her email, Eric, and said, put a link on our site at GregPulaske.com because you can go on a site and you can not only read some of the articles, but you can also watch the video of some of his BBC reports. For example, how the Bush's, Jim, and the Captain Harris, and some of the other people helped W. Steel, Florida, how they promised him Florida before the election. And how thousands and thousands of names of black mostly democratic voters were approached from the list, all of these things, it's our watch that no one had to cry. But anyway, they just want short clip. I want to play just a few seconds from Greg Pulaske last night on a show. Here you'll out the clear here. You will submit it that these are the creation of the administration and the monsters are coming back to bite you in the behind. I don't see you in American TV. I just came back yesterday from the states that's revel a lot. Nobody says this. You guys are not on Fox News. You're not on the, on the already factor. You know, all these shows they're talking about all these crazy Muslims and Arabs running around killing people. We are the only one called terrorists. Things seem like they're called Oklahoma Bomber, Harbili Oswald, the school, the Kennedy Assassin. Everybody has a different thing. Only Arab-Sermosans are being called terrorists. Nobody talked about the mistakes of their artists. Are you planning to talk about it? What is the solution that you are going to take? Answer me, please. How do you feel that the media has been handling this issue? The matter of 911? Well, it's just been absolutely awful. I can tell you I report for BBC television. Thank you for having me on Canada, but the signal basically bounces off the electronic Berlin Wall in America. Why? We have a solid wall of official propaganda, which is, is as close to as best you can to the Arab-Sermosans as the Soviet leaders used to dream of. We even have, for example, Bob Woodward now being praised. He's the, uh, managing editor of the Washington Post. Being praised for suddenly letting out colon pals excuses don't blame me for the war. One year ago, Bob Woodward wrote a book called Bush at War saying that our president was really, really focused so we and only on fighting terrorists. This year he said, well, that's not really true. Here's the real story. He was really focused on a raft. Oh, maybe next year. Great. We'll get ready. That was the end of the show. It's too bad I've been on a time. It was a hell of an hour, man. I'm not going to play anymore than that because, uh, you know, like Jack Nicholson said, we can't handle the truth. Michael Jackson and died in a ride. They were hypervillating like crazy on the number slice not about this. Are you surprised? No. A grand jury investigating allegations that Michael Jackson molested a boys and died of the pop star ABC news has learned. The panel has been meeting instead of Harbor California for 13 days. You consider whether there's enough evidence to charge Jackson 45. The precise charges returned against the singer were not immediately known. And do we know it all now? I did look for an update on this, but I don't see any more on this. No. The indictment means the grand jury concluded there isn't evidence to believe that Jack's criminal crime and should face trial and he will. April 30th, I believe, is the agreement take? April, about. Not 30 minutes. Right. Today after the numbers come out. By the way, next Thursday, a week from today, you think today's a big day with a Marlon game of 1230 pregame. Next Thursday's a humongous day. Then we'll see. And you, I'm going to make a prediction right now, which I really do. Okay. And that is WBG. This is not, you know, it's an old brainer. Big one, oh six is going to fall off the face of the earth. Right? You didn't have to be a psychic for that one. Well, that's what I'm saying. It's a safe prediction. It's going on in a very short limb. And so let's go away to a short limb. It's just, I mean, there's an advantage. Because once sermon offered it, we saw just one week of the last ran out of the 12 weeks. The last week was the first one where he was off a big one or six. And they already started tumbling that like we never seen. Like an avalanche. So you'll see next Thursday. That's the one thing that we do know for sure is that the big one or six finito man done. Finished by. Twenty seven past ten at five sixty WQM when you're here is falling out in clumps man. There are a lot of different things you can do about it. Now, but one even got in catch a musk right in the yard. Put it on your head and look just like Moe. But you can always find a bad hair system. You can look like sand a Donaldson if you want. Like a clown. You can look like Aaron Brown, a little red on the top and black on the size and whatever in between. But if you want to really read here, so it's in Charles Alphiaries, decided to apply systems to show biz people. People with a big box hit everybody else too for more than 35 years. Charlie's appeared as a guest on Good Morning America. Today show CBS Morning News. Introducing his patented and unmeasurable hair system that offers you the most amazing natural hairline system you can find anywhere. Keep in mind the most critical area of any hair system is the hairline and Charlie's new skin like hair system. It looks so great. It's 100% undetectable. It looks like real hair. What a concept. And Charles is doing to you as this. You try his system for a month for about 30 days. And after a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting like all kinds of action, Charlie will refund your money. Charles Alphiaries also services and repairs existing hair systems including shampoo and tram. So not to lay call Charlie. They've been in change for life forever. Tole free. It's 1-800-321-2413. The choice is yours. You can have that mouse. You look in peace on your head and be a life in stock or look like a real man. She younger and better than you ever thought you could again. 1-800-321-2413. A lot under that world famous website, Charles Alphiaries.com. . Now what tells that? Oh look at that. We're having more problems today. You know what? That was an active guy I think. And our life from Rachel Simmons is the deal. Roger Charles. I like the view on the soft-boiled writing. The view on time like we are better than prizes. Now leave guys all I don't seem to have seen. This is my favorite Rachel reality. I love the way I've been ended. The bitch I haven't been the same since then. Talk up dying time. I know. I had done with some party concrete through. I think I didn't know much about it. Of course it's not easy flying back there from my jail 7. Thank God. I'm here. It's all over for you. Push left stuck on earth as it in no well. Well if you're lucky that crackhead is the last bush to rig an election. Who's on this line? W2AM. I was in the public's a galactic a today. Sir. And let me tell you that clip about coupons and Thursdays. They're about hudder shaving. I discovered to my son. No easy to check that. No stones. No stones. No for 99 change. On the contrary. I was too break stones for 99 change. No. I don't know about you. That's right. Try to penalty. Too break stones. But a price at a break stone's kind of fees. When the coupon clearly stated. Well use the card if these that's grown in your toenails. Now who's this son? It's line 7 and 9. Play on penal colony. Hello. Have we got it to you? Three times. No. Okay. I got a renegotiate my contract. About a one minute show. You can throw the other three minutes. I try. I'll count your binders next. Charge. Bye bye. That's beautiful. Yeah. Muffled like that. He wants me to renegotiate. I've been like 17, 20 years on my contract. So we can feel safe. Feel secure. Wait. Didn't hear this. Alright. This is good news. Can't. Let me ask you this. Can we like change your mind? Of course. I mean Florida's primary luckily. Florida didn't have any impacts. They don't play me for the fact that the carry is the candidate. But how about we go back and start over again. How are jeans start look like better now? How are the presidential campaign is still making money? So he will drop down February. Is it really? The campaign received 626 grand plus and contributions in March. According to a fireman this week with the FEC is campaign at Tumon in Advank. And 0.2 million. So they're doing pretty good. They got some big bucks. This is all just, this is what you call we're sucking into bush people. Carry's just the stop candidate. You know, he's a fake candidate. And then we're going to blow up the real one again. We hope. I mean isn't it, you know, it's just that. Seriously, carry to me. Everything he's done so far no matter what the issue is. He's either the same as bush or even weaker. He's not offering any alternative. What is his plan? He voted for the Iraq War resolution. Unlike for example Kennedy, well, he was another descendant. But I'm just saying. Right. He voted for, unlike Bob Graham for example, who voted against it. So if you talk about Iraq, he's got really no real plan on how to get that allowed. No matter what, as far as censorship, freedom of speech. Here was John Kerry's take on that. Howard Stern, he thinks Howard Stern's got a right to do his program however he wants. But he also says that Kurdish andler infidity have a right not to have him under Stations if they want. That was his bold statement on censorship and the FCC and all the other crap that we're going through right now. Cambridge, oh, he's for domestic partnerships. Any issue that you can find? Like he doesn't want to piss anybody on. He gives you that wishy, washy, safe, and so that's John Kerry so far. His campaign, they showed the applause of the Pennsylvania right now, which Pennsylvania ought to be safely in his column. I mean, Gore wanted to easy. He's down, I think it was like 5739 or something like that. He's down big time in Pennsylvania. So unless all of a sudden he has some kind of a metamorphosis and they like quit stretching at skin. So it's head over his cheekbones. We had a challenge chance. Those of us who would like to say goodbye to the neo-conz to the fascists. Okay, let's get out of this. We got a very short period of time. Let's get into this heavy duty pool. Because the first one we got up there right now. If you want to vote on it, if you want to sound in as they say, you only got to 11 o'clock. Because right at 11, we're changing the, we're doing it. Are we? We're doing something. Although you never know because we started technically it's just a, well, one for me, one for Josh. Now George can screw something up. All right. I'll save it for it. Good. Should the US reinstate the military draft? That's our first question on neo-Range's.com. To add to it in 19 votes, no, don't send our kids to be slaughtered. 122. No, it's fine away. It is now 45. Between those two, that's 76.2%. Yes, that'll get young people to vote. 27. Yes, everyone should have to serve 21. And yes, our troops are overstated. Four, only 1.8% has been more troops to continue being slaughtered over there. And the word is illegitimate no matter how you look at it by any account. And Greg Polic said, are we to take their on Bob Woodward, too? I mentioned this yesterday about his funny book, Bush at Ward, that he wrote last year. So I guess what Bob Woodward likes to do, much to sell that book to the Bush people. And then he wants to sell this book for those people who have their doubts. There you go. On the end, time. He's got something for everybody, Bob Woodward. How many QA and hello? I mentioned a few of them about his funny book. QA and... Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to add your bold leaves. Please. I've got come on, I'll leave. Come on, I'll leave. Text me a little bit. I'll put my finger. Okay, thanks. Yeah, too bad, dude. I think I've done it on it. This is with my duty bags. Right. So we can say that. Okay, you got to come on, Ali. Got it. See this, why is guy at the end? He wanted to sneak in a... Hi, I'm telling you. But my fingers too fast for him. Tell me the QA and hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. I've questioned about a rumor I've been hearing. Yes. I happen to listen to kids when I listen to you. Yeah. And they have to general manager come on, so that they're going to Irvin on Monday. Kiss is going urban on Monday. Yeah. What? I mean, I have a country. I guess Irvin music. No. He didn't hear this today, didn't he? Yes, I did. Well, the general manager of Kiss is the same as our general manager. There will be Greg Reeves at a Wizan's. Not David I've never given GM. Yes. Oh, who's that? I don't know. Well, we'll find out. We'll look into a paling. Thank you. You're back. Yeah, get the message up and down the hallway there. Kiss is going to change format. Why would they do that? They didn't have a good numbers. They got a license to steal. They got all the those picking audience lined up in the bag. Wow. Maybe they're just going to kind of kiss it off. WQAM, hello. QAM? Yeah. Hello. What's up? Yes, you are. You're on man. Hey, you forgot to feel me. I don't know who's saying it. Oh, Marse Albert. Marse Albert. I think you're on the top. I think you're on the top. Marse Albert. Marse Albert. Marse Albert. Marse Albert. Marse Albert. Marse Albert. Marse Albert. Marse Albert. Marse Albert. Marse Albert. Marse Albert. Marse Albert. Oh, brother. I had a play. That could be the winner man. He might have had some right on it. We better move this baby along to the Amtoni because once we get to the 12th 12th or the commercial hour man, it's going to be hell on wheels. Oh, he has more. This is the 21st when you'll find something to him. You weigh in. The Neil Ride. Longest he doesn't think. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Oh, ah. Hey, see you. I'm going to get one. I want some sleep. And the president is saying, oh, those are called. Oh. Yeah, they only think that through. Which is the old TV. What we're talking about back to you, what does it say? We should come out and go be more. Back. You as I say. Hey, see you. I got one for me. We'll have to be more. From each and every. I'll make my boy. I'll keep you sitting back in the evening. I'm the song. He's excellent. I'm going to play. I'll back to you when does it say. Can you tell me what the moment is? Oh, oh. Back. You as I say. Give the words to the truth. Really not to yell. Who can be the one who thinks that the truth is better. And the best of this. You'll face a question of doubt. And the book is over. But no matter how much I've done, no matter how much I've done. Ah. I think something where they got about a book to be. So if you'd rather feel good about it. I want to feel my pain to protect all the pain. If they're not going to sit back. Now look back. You as I say. You shut your mouth in your face. Oh. Back. You as I say. You as I say. Oh. You as I say. I'm going to try to do it. Oh. Oh. What a bunch of 1046 and 560 WCAM. That was great. But then again, I'll take all. Oh, most of the day the cops says, and also big party wants to be forgiven. He corrected me. I want no draft for this war. Well, that's it. That's where we are right now. Big R&C. be in it no time soon, so I'm glad I only finally came to a senses." David the Comt has redeemed his life. He says, this entire talk of the draft is of scene where we're going to spend a crapload of kids, we're going to set a crapload of kids to their early graves. All name would expansion this regime, who is lied repeatedly about why we need to do it later, or I can substitute when we got away with it. The reason why we may need to draft is due to the terrible way the service man and woman have been treated by this administration. Nobody in their right mind will re-op after they've been lied to since the entire Fianceco began. The rich kids will still get to perform in school like our VP, or jump to the top of a list in some of the military posts here in the states guarding golf courses like they in Quail. National Guards mentioned never be mobilized more than six months since, he haven't even gone for close to 18 months. Bush has done great by spreading the military so thin, I sure is on the one my boy fighting for some ass backwards Saudi, I couldn't give a damn about them. Thankfully my family's over in Sweden says they, I'm not letting about to let my boy come back at a body bag for some at mid east. Country, a crap country, a very well-plot-taved ex-loved bags, you go boy, the Sweden. Good choices matter fact, indeed, because those mid east countries who would have held these in a fleet didn't have oil, to me it's the same thing as Florida without sunshine. If Florida didn't have to be climate, how many people would be living there? That's the movie, right? By the time they're living there. Right, those in the industry still be living here. Well good, a lot of them have a good time. Let them go to the casinos. And the same thing with the Middle East, if they didn't have oil, would anybody care about those people over there? Of course not. Who gives a crap, except to curse some of the designers to our obsessed with all that pool crap? 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and for rise of Marvel's line, the worst hit song top 40 of all time is. I will put that poll up there starting at 11 and of course all two tomorrow. Man, can you imagine why do we can? Well, I have thousands of songs on there. But, turn it man, because there's so many bad ones. Indeed. You and the famous line, nine. Hello. Hey, George, do you see this? Yes, it is. New York, good morning, sir. Dan, back to you. Hey, listen, you know, I, I always wondered why the Republicans were so strong about getting rid of the independent council. Now I understand why. You know, investigations on this administration. I only wish that a few Republican moderate Republican congressmen would take those cherry pits. They've got, in turn, them into some good size oranges and investigate, especially the deal about appropriating money that was supposed to go to. I'm going to show you the difference between the steadfast, fastness of the two parties. On a one hand, you had the presidential, blue dress. And we had to go through impeachment hearings on that and spend $75 million in taxpayer money waste two or three years that the Clinton people could have been fining a kilo and Osama. That's on a one hand. Now we've got all these things going on now. And I'll be getting as the pre 911 hearing, which is nothing about a bunch of window dressing a dog and pony show. And that's basically it for a president and a bunch that had been then pitched a long time ago. So that's the difference between the Republicans who are a militant and hard ass and the Democrats were basically just went down. They gave up. Well, according to article nine, the Constitution, obviously should say article one, section out of the Constitution. There should be no money from the treasury. It should be appropriated unless it's done through Congress. That's one of these surprises. That's a nice one. And all the answers, one of the impeachment hearings started. Yeah, only was it good. Listen, one of the things I wanted to tell you is I love the dance of George Bush down on here. On your website that is incredible. It's the best one we needed something well. Hey, one other thing too. Yes. I like the, can I make an addition to the poll? I mean, about to poll half of it. Can we do this draft, especially if we need a vehicle? Well, that's all right for that. After, after Bush is fired. OK. Is that possible? No, have a great day. Have in my baby, may she want to trim my house in an abortion clinic says, Bob. Have in my baby, I call anchored, and man with a canker. Yeah. Or see, is he loving? He's just something also Canadian. He's like, can't have conceded by way of loving on or the other way around, something like that. Jimmy Gilmore and the sugar shack says your friend Rich Packer. Oh, no. I'm getting a canker just from here the first notes of that. Clawly and moly, man. In fact, now they mention a way to call these days. Oh, Zagre and Evan's in the year 2525. Why is that a bad record? There's nothing wrong with that. Another kind of novel piece. Yeah, I don't think it's a novel. He record at all. I think it's a good song in the year 2525. I've got a lot. I mean, it's a late corny. Yeah, I don't even get with that. Good corny. But to say it's the worst top 40 hit song of all time, I think is outrageous is what it is. Well, Rich Packer shouldn't be allowed to put too on here. I think we had a congressional investigation. He should have quit with Jimmy Gilmore and sugar shack. We have no problem with that. In fact, how about the artis and sugar sugar? I like that song. You do? You like the artis and sugar sugar? What would the artis? It's a double double wire teeth, man. You better get with it. You better get your priority straight new. Also, big on jingle, jingle. Jingle bells? How about jingle balls? Can't even say it anymore. Can't say jingle balls no more. Am I right? But you've got to hear him all. And by the way, the word is out on you. He got lucky yesterday. You won't get lucky again. We're going to have a congressional investigation to go back to those tapes. Should you as reinstate the military draft? That's our first full question today. If you haven't written 10 votes, that's not too bad in about whatever our minutes was. No, don't set our kids to be slaughtered, which is obviously the correct answer. 168, 54.1%. No, it's fine the way it is now. 66, which is okay. So you got 75.3% there. Then you got the rest. Yes, that would hit young people of O36. Well, I mean, I had to understand that. And of course, I gave them that choice. So, no. That's kind of come see comes on. Before they send you off to be slaughtered, you can go vote. Yes, everyone should have the serve. 31, which is 10%. Yes, our troops are over state of nine, 2.9%. So only 12.9%. We've here again. We want to drag for like to have a more people to go get killed. But the way something is. Yes, I'm throwing away all facts of the contain lists of signs. Oh, any of the, any of the facts is it more than one. Maybe two, okay. I'm the one. What? How about one? I understand. We want one. But I mean, two, sometimes they have two that they can't choose between. All right. Don't be such a hard ass. There's a bush spot showing not carry with it. The skin start to over. I, you know, I'm all for carry. I hope he wins. But I also hope he grows a pair. Sometimes between now and November. He's got to start pushing up a little bit. And that's just something like bush junior. Give us a choice. Give us something that we can latch on to. Like Howard Dindon. We all Howard Dindon apology. I'm on the biggest. And you two. Yeah. We're held on about about two, three days slower than I did. I never stopped liking him. But I had to agree that he didn't have a chance. No, no, that's not what you'd want. And we got, well, see, we got sucked into that. That's what they convinced us that he had no chance. Like you said, somebody somewhere decided to do something. Some group of people somewhere decided that Howard Dindon would change. He was too much anti-establishment. See, they're always talking about a washing outside or an outside. Well, you know, that's not what he wanted is. But he's just not a good guy. He's just not a good guy. He's just a good guy. Well, you know, that's not what he wanted is, but he's just not partly establishment. Right. Kerry certainly is. And as a result, they decided, well, guess what? We're going to do everything we can. And if you look like an ass, put you on a spot. Because they do, uh, and of course ABC did all of the damage. They didn't all the other. And that we're showing up tip about four million times. Then they show a couple of times. Well, actually, if you listen to the crowd noise, the only reason he was screaming so loud is because because they just, they took their clips from a, from a directional microphone that you couldn't hear the crowd in the back. But if you heard the overall view on the stage, quite a many people who were there in that auditorium, you could, the crowd was so loud and go and wild, then he had to be doing that to try to scream over the crowd, which was fine. But they made it look like a loose cannon, like a lunatic, and of course even before that. They had to talk about, well, he's temperamental. He's this and that. He's, uh, out of control. And then the real peace they resist on, the real frosting on the cape was showing us his wife. Oh, bad move, Howard. Bad move. Should've got a stunt light. Oh, my god. Although, I will say this. I was thinking about this yesterday, which shows you how full my life is. I was thinking about how, no listen. Why does the first lady have to be beautiful? Other than Jackie Kennedy, can you name me an even attractive? Even even Laura Bush, I would say she ain't no beauty, but she's not bad. Look at me, and I was she's okay, especially for a bozo like him. But other than that, I mean, you got Hillary the ice princess, and I was like, I didn't think Jackie was all that. But everything relatively, wait till we get to the other ones, okay? Yeah, I mean, had Pat Nixon who looked more mucher than he did. Stoneface Pat, Barbara Bush, you had Mimi Eisenhower, all my best Truman. Wow, Lady Bird Johnson. Whoo, holy, cut. Rosalind Carter. Yeah, that is. Nancy Reagan, don't step on her now. What's that red dress? And the ultimate beautiful wife, Eleanor Roosevelt. Why? Old donkey base. Is that incredible or what? Yeah, so the idea that we have to have a beautiful first lady. I mean, we haven't had too many of those, and it never seemed to make a difference. Rosalind was married to that ugly bitch for all, how about a lot of time? What? Yeah, that's my life's life. They're not the ones running for office to go. Not all the listen to me, and right, and he got elected four times. So the public didn't care that he had a nasty bull-like ugly-looking wife. Didn't care about that. They just cared that he was a great leader. And was a really old head that long, cigarette holder, you know, he just, even the fact that he was in the wheelchair seemed to have even though most people didn't know that until very late in the game, because he used to profit, and he would stand and put in a new wheel, I said he was a handicapped. A grip. But in any way, even when you see those pictures, he's got the long cigarette holder very fast and legit. He just, he looked like a president. Woodrow Wilson looked like a president. What we got now looks like those old man, but I'll do apologies to all clowns, all places. 1056 and 560 QM, Marlon Pregame, Marlon Zenflai's man, a kick-same ass last night took Robin, he's 8 to 7, 3 home runs by Michael O'Wilder. How does it pistol again? Game time, Marlon 5 Pregame 12. The crap you couldn't wrap, all the slime all the time. Everybody's going back to the scene, there was movie now. The movie is about to close the picture, just get pistol by, and some movies from back now. And it's all for seeing the first picture, all of the way, we're doing the replay. Making this movie was an awesome day, to tell our fellow on board the person that you're with me. All the bad mood, Sean's all the time, that's a good one though. We love local most, anybody voted for that man. We'd come and give him what for. Nobody, nobody don't like that. No matter who, which virgin they like. Anyway, here's the fastest, is the absolute worst ever, the surf and bird by the cramps. Why the cramps? The trash man did the surf and bird. You turd? You turd? Anyway, it says can you just remember those inspiring lyrics? Yeah, I can. Everybody's heard about them. And it goes on and on and on and on. That's what it says. We missed the bird. Anyway, it says the worst, the surf and bird. Okay, we got to tell you, I'm sure. I sure hope Josh is right, he's all on there, because you're going to have to see it. Even if this is going to be a work of a labor of love, I'm sure. Heracle teacher about those labor of love. Anyway, should the US, we can, uh, smith can at the first call Eric. Get that second one up there so we can get heavy duty. We can dive headlongers. We really have 58 minutes left. The noon to 12 30 hours, this commercials. I mean, I'm not going to lie about it, right? They would like me to lie. I just, I mean, I could lie about things that are worth lying about, but the same one of them. We just have a lot of spots that we're going to get in because we're a bunch of grave robbers. We don't care so much about entertainment. We certainly don't care about visual because it is nothing new with sports. So, you know, the 12 and 12 30 hour guide about spots. And then we'll like, uh, whistle of tune or something in between, right? Yeah, and we'll have a go bad. We'll do it. Should the US reinstate the military draft? That was our full question this first hour because crazy people like Ty Kegel are saying, oh, yeah, we need the draft so that everybody can serve and, uh, right? So we can send a bunch of people off to be slaughtered mostly young people, but regardless, human beings who deserve a better fate to be slaughtered for, uh, for another person who's inventing another war based on a pile of lies in a bunch of oil and a bunch of big business interests. Everyone else has the biggest quotes of all, most of not all of my Nixon wasn't from Texas. He was from California. But they think it like Johnson, the bushes from Texas. At least this bushes from Texas, the other ones from what can I get? Something like that. Whatever it was, from hunger. And then of course we got the Jeff Sturik. Well, be sure to watch, uh, the name of the book I, I Schmitt can't know. The best democracy money can buy Greg Polas that he's updating with a new version coming out April 26 was in just four days. Let's see, third amounting. The best democracy money can buy Greg Polas, PA, LAST. And if you go on that website and you see the piece of up to Jeff Bush and Catherine Harris and the senior, the 2000 election and this tries to that they hired to, uh, to cook the books on the holding your roles. In fact, you want to interview Greg Polas with any of you the guy? Yeah. It said, you mean they paid you a million dollars to do this and you just, uh, I'm not even really checked these names to see if they were relevant. And the guy took off the microphone and he had on his, uh, and he just got up and walked, he walked away, pulled a Chuck Heston. He just walked away from Greg Polas and he kept trying to follow him and then finally he sent the security guards on. I was in the interview. Didn't come back when Bush come to share about them thousands and thousands and thousands of voters whose names were exposed illegally and incorrectly off the voter rolls, so you dark folks in Florida must have couldn't vote because they know you're going to vote Democrat. And of course, a good one, the election. There is no doubt about that, no more. Now in a real country where the people are educated, where they would be care about something, where they would be a care enough to send everybody. There were like, the public would never sit still for it. There'd have been like a mini revolution, maybe a major revolution. Now in the USA, though. Anyway, should the US reinstate the military draft? No, don't send our kids to be slaughtered, 190, 54%. No, it's fine the way it is now, 76, 21.5%. Yes, everyone should have to serve, 39. Yes, that'll hit young people to vote, 39. And yes, our troops are ever stated, nine. So you've got 24.5% of those people who are anti-Holys. Popcorn, so I said, I don't know who did it, hot butter. And you're right, that's your just writing, I'm sure. Yes, hot butter did popcorn. That's what that sounds, that we can double back. That's what that sounds like. That's what that sounds like. That's what that sounds like. Yeah, that's what that sounds like. Okay, the name. Let's see, Bob says, I says, carry your candidate. Partially, sage Rosemary and time, son of a girl, I was not to the song. No, no, the song. Oh my god, partially sage Rosemary and time. And what's wrong with Scarborough Fair? It's a little bit of a therapy. Yeah. These pieces, I don't understand just like also if you look on the original list here by Maxima, many pads of what about this. Sound of the silence is number 42 is the worst song of all time. I take great exceptional that sir, man, whoever you are. Anyway, this Scarborough Fair says, may I be one of Pierce my eardrums with an ice pick. Well, I sure will be a lot of fun. It says, if Rick and says we're still on here, could they say, but load anymore. Very good question, Bob. It's true to facts. Could they say but load? We'll probably have to send that to committee. We'll probably have to set it up to Michael Powell. And he can check out his butt load. And if you look at that picture on our website, as one heavy load, he's carrying it around that old Mickey Powell. It's a wide load. Yeah, he's carrying a heavy load. Let's see, I will always love you by Whitney Houston says Jim, who was screening bits that were a hundred times more offensive than Fartsounds. It made Howard Dean Sound like an emigrant. Also the bodyguard movie where it came from was awful. Just for the frosting on the cake. I will always love you by Whitney Houston. He was a whaler. He should have played hockey man with the Hartford Whalers. He was a Schuire, a Schramer, and still is Whitney Houston. That's what body browsers and she screams as loud as any of that. She ever slapped up. Huh? Yeah. Yeah. I remember. She got a lot of practice. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pounds. 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here we go. How do we, how do I, I'm just going to get started? I'm just going to vote for one. Because I have to have in my baby, I don't know Paul Anker. I don't know. He never stole a free free. Seasons of this is tough. This could be the toughest fool we've ever done in the show. But you know something? I just clicked my vote. You know what was for? I voted for Abonee Library. And I voted for feeling. Oh man. I'm so glad that somebody called that in Morse Albert. That whole brother. Pop Morse in the microwave, along with Albert the cat. Or was it Morse the cat? Or Morse the cat? Sure. Little unknown fat. Little piece of trivia for you. When Morse the cat got to be in his very, very ancient last years, a good friend Larry Box. Box. Remember Larry Box called couple of times? Yep. He had Morse the cat as a pen. In fact, I think I saw Morse the cat in his house couple of times. Really? And he liked that. And so you met Morse the cat? Wow. And I'll guarantee it was the only **** he ever had in his house. It's a brush with greatness. 567. Yeah, Morse the cat. Nestle mean to, we'll want to go near that thing man. Like that kind of like our audience. WQA and hello. QAM. Even the cats in South Florida anti-social. WQA and hello. You get your honor. WQA and hello. Happy food. You write up my life. I think we got it on there, but thank you very good choice. It's on there. Somebody thanks that in yesterday in advance of this. They're going to be 5 jinn in these on there. You know, WQA and hello. And now what about more and more and more? Let's say. And you have more and more with your mother. Oh my god. Oh my god. How about less less less. Exactly. Thanks, fellas. Thanks. Hey, everyone. 567. 560. 560. So many bad songs in so little time. We have an extentist for like the next 2.5 years. I'm thinking. See, I'm also thinking since a month once we're so very kind. I just don't know what's essentially on that kind of crap because he realizes that once I go, it's by the bye bye. You know, I mean, nobody else that no sports guy and is going to need his own program to monitor a show. So I'm thinking, and of course, you need something to keep going. So I'm thinking, why don't we starting like tomorrow. You know how I do in July and all just like 2 days a week? I think in some months a year, I'll do like 3 days. And then other months I'll just do the 2 days. Okay. And you'll do the rest. And we'll do a kind of a, yeah, that's right. Some in some days, you'll just have to buy out a morning. If I'm here, fine, if not, I'm sleeping. And we'll just mix and mess your history. So are you accordingly. You're going to go shoot up a little bit. Maybe like 15, 20 bucks a week. Sure, I'll take a good. And then we can't even take it out for my paycheck. I like that. I'm, you know, me. I'm a big spend. 15, 20 bucks a week. I can't let. And I think that's a red. I didn't extend it a couple of years. What do you think? Starting a quarry would have to start right now though. Right. So let's see you be working tomorrow. And Monday. Well, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, it's 60. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WCQA and hello. Hello, I did cherish. Is this a cherish by now? I'm cherish by the association. Yes, exactly. Okay, surfer. Thank you. Oh, man. But hey. Oh, this is a great topic. And again, I want to thank my friends at the maximum magazine, a maximum pads of whatever that is. What is it maximum? Blender. I know it. And just to test a year on knowledge. Maxim Blender. Oh, I'm speaking to the blender. This story I can't even see an end was grabbing on. Well, what's on their website? Just for those of us who are looking for sympathy for our Addictions and those of us who don't run around say, well, A, A. And I'd go, what was his name? The guy from A, that they want us to put on a pool. Oh, man. Yeah, like I remember. Yeah, Bill Schmendrick, whatever his name was. People who say they were addicted to chocolate or pizza may not be exaggerating. He was based scientists finally said Tuesday, finally getting around to saying, Hey, guess what? That fat faggar in Miami is right. Yeah, I heard that story. Yeah. Me too. And guess what? I know, Van Leder. A brain scan study of normal hungry people showed their brains load up when they saw and smell their favorite foods in much the same way as the brains of cocaine that is when they think about their next snort. How do you like that? Is it having a rift snort in good time? Yeah. Like our speaking of, uh, presidentate. Why? You know, your micks snort in good time. You've been old cowboy. Because it's true. We're going to take them dead in one line. Okay. We're going to send the Paseas. We're going to, we're going to smoke them, uh, snakes out of their holes. Food presentations significantly increase metabolism in the whole brain by 24 percent. And these changes were largest in superior temporal and interior insula. And, uh, ob, ob, ob, ob, ob, ob, ob, ob, ob, ob, ob, ob, it's inco, fru, fru, go courtices they wrote. Incbling jaj courtices. I'll fit. Oh, been all fru courtices. But the courtices. These areas are associated with addiction and estimated 30. God, 70 men. Our Americans are obese. Me they have a body mess in X of more than, God, 30. It's racial of height to height usually works on. To be, um, to be about. But sure, men. It's overweight for a woman and 35 to 40 pounds overweight for man. for man. How do you like this? This is the guy's name was Wang, is that was his name one? We're kind of saying Wang in the story. No, I'm not sure. I'm looking for where it says early when the, it doesn't even mention his name and then all of a sudden it just comes up with Wang. Wang and college studied 12 men and women with an average of 28 age. The volunteer is fasted for just under a day, then underwent Toss-a-tron emission on your pet scans, which measured brain metabolism. I'll think we can say a mission anymore. They were asked to describe their favorite foods and how they like to eat them while they were presented with some of those foods. A cotton swab and predated with the food was placed in their tongue so they could taste it. The researchers wrote, the favorite item is most frequently selected by the subjects were, pizza, bacon and cheese sandwich, cinnamon bun, oh I love that cinnamon bun. I just just smell, I just hang out there near for it and pizza hamburger with cheese, that's called cheeseburger fried chicken, lasagna, what's the hamburger with cheese, cheese? Fried chicken, lasagna, barbecue ice cream, brownie and chocolate cake. They didn't tell us what they're not those with a brownie house once elected brownies event. 1113 at 5.60W, you can look at the Big Marlin Pregame show at 1230, I can smell another world championship in Miami. Let's go to the stadium, what do you say? Oh, spring in the savings right now and save like never before on a new car truck from Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead, around US 1, 20 minutes south of the 836. And Armstrong Toyota of Homestead's worth the drive because they're going to save you so much cash and we'll make cost you a few extra pennies for gas, but you're going to save thousands on new Toyota's, so wherever you are it's worth checking them out. In fact check out these great leestials right now. In 04, camera you're 400, just 269 a month before the 8 months. How about an 04 highlander, just 309 a month, leave a truck? How about an 04 Toyota, 10 with the safest truck in America, just 109 a month before the 8 months. These are just a few of the unbelievable savings waiting for your right now at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. They'll do whatever it takes to get you a deal cut and put you in a fantastic new Toyota today. They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction and their service departments you can over late to late. We'd like to make sure they get their service work and yours done too. To easy to find them, they're right in the corner of US 1 and 293rd Street in Homestead, just 20 easy minutes south of the 836 and way to the hear this. Armstrong Toyota Homestead offers you three tires, free batteries and replacement parts for the light of the car. You heard me right, three tires, batteries, and three parts for life. Nobody else know where it is that. So, forget about those big 40 mega dealers and car giants who spend tons of money advertising, give you a big song to dance and then let you down every time. Through the smart thing, do business with folks you can try to give it the best deal going anywhere called David Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead, car right now 305, 2423247 race sensational deal, 305, 24232 and 117 travel little and save a ton. I'm at great new Toyota and Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. I'm going to show you the Toyota of Homestead, car right now, I'm going to show you the Toyota of Homestead, car right now, I'm going to show you the Toyota of Homestead, car right now, I'm going to show you the Toyota of Homestead, car right now, I'm going to show you the Toyota of Homestead, car right now, car right now, what have we been going on today? Allahu- follow me by Uncle Cracker. I take a session then I love Uncle Cracker. Yeah, you know. Aunt Cracker. You didn't like Uncle Cracker? He's fine. I'm nice, how he was. Let's see. Well, I guess he was here. Here's a good one. She bangs Ricky Martin, all man. I should have called. I got that. Well, we're talking about fiction. She bangs by Ricky Martin. Puzzle. Oh, anyway, we'll add some more of these on as we go along. Because I'm sure people will be calling him. The worst top 40 hits song of all time. Aki, Brayki, hard. Billy Ray Cyrus, man. He's got that genetic thief. He is genetically challenged. He's got 15. You love out by life by Debbie Boone. Oh, by the way, Pat Boone says. And of course, I'm sure everybody cares about it in a big time. That's his gift to good thing. He's all for it. Isn't that great? Oh, what a surprise. Good religious pat Boone. You'd a lot of my level. 11. Haven't mob baby nine. Paul, I could have had with the canker. We built this city seven starship. Grays to like, well, she'd eat the money for drugs. So don't worry, be happy, Bob. We're fair and I size baby. There are six feelings, more sombered six. Every night we vote. Seasons in the sun, Terry, Jack six. The surfing bird three. See the surfing bird's anomaly song. It's not the fending it. It is horrendous. What's the other one like that? Top of Uma, Maw, by the way. Everything's in the surf. Do we want to put that on there? Nope. Why not? Papau, Uma, Maw. Because it's not so ungrateful. He's not so ungrateful. He's so ungrateful. It's close enough. Well, if the surfing bird can be on there, how could Bob Papau, Uma, Maw, Mr. I wanted on there. I will always love you. The oaks just what you used in three, party all the time. Three, scrubber, or fair, too. I don't get it. I guess our crowd are like surpy songs. But I mean, in the year 25, 25, it's got one. American like one. Cherish one, and I'm here for a whole bunch of other ones. Let's see, Tucker says, it really comes down to a quaintle between two. Who let the dogs out? The Baham and grow test. Who? And he just makes me ill. Or, of course. Let me see if I can find it. I'll give it a little. That's enough. The macarana. Not only the worst song, but overplayed to the part of just, you had the macarana come out of your ass. It was just the grow test. Can't decide which one or both show out. Put your foot above, or whatever you want. So we're going to both on there. The macarana. And, uh, what's the other one? Who let the dogs out? Who let the dogs out? Who? Who? Every time I hear that song, I think of, what's his name? The mad dog? No, not the mad dog. We're the little dog, not the, uh, what's his name? Arsenio Hall. Oh, with the hootin. With that hootin crab. He should have been on hootin, Annie. Anyway, here's one I said without a doubt. There's so many good ones. This is like I said, this may be the most difficult pull in history. Hi, a yellow ribbon, round the old oak tree. Tony Orlando and Dawn. My God. Talk about puke, producing man or man. That is a good one. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Horizon, wireless line. WQA and hello. Hi, I'm calling out. I just said you got the facts. Yes? All right. It's the one about the news reports on the US planning WMDs in my rack. We have that today's ago. You had that day to go. Huh? Okay, I just, I just know what you got. It's one of the show you got it. Okay, thanks a lot. Yeah, where were we? In fact, remember I said, let's save these. We have two of those stories. Welcome planning WMDs for that October surprise. Oh, yeah, guess what? We just found them. We had both those stories. We're both on our website too. We're going to the archives in your curious. So you'll find a monitor. I am curious yellow. Ribbon around an old oak tree. 560560. No facts that to me, by the way. We have to start with a bit of a regular one. One tight hour. Thank you. Come here QA. Hello. Yeah, hey, Neil. Yes, sir. 20. Hey, what are you up? How you doing? Pretty good? I've never heard of anything. You look at your back. He's pretty much the one you're list. I said that by the Archie's birthday. You know, okay. I'm going to go in. Well, I didn't put it on yet. But we will. Okay, yeah. I want to just, great to meet you the wrong way. Oh, man. That was horrible. That was a great day, Woody. You have a wonderful day. And go get a haircut. I'll see you in Buffalo, man. Oh, yeah. It's a great day. Congratulations to your Maple Leaf. Well, tonight's a big night, man. I'm real nervous. I've got my anise knocked in my toes. I'll curl up. I will see what happens. They're going to pull it out. We, it's all on Eddie, man. Yeah. You got to see. I was thinking about what it. All on old Eddie Valper, man. He should have been on that pulley other day. I've been telling this story one of the greatest goals in any. Tell history. Okay, come down, Joe. 5, 6, 7, oh. 6, 6, 6. 5, 5, 6, 6. 5, 6, 6. See, at least one thing, man. I'm not sure if you're enthusiastic here about something. Maybe hockey year, but at least at something, right? He sounds early bird dinners. If you had a Tuesday between people enthusiastic about hockey or early bird dinners, I don't think too much of a choice. Or of course, Aliyan, Aliyanito. I wonder if the, I'm going to tell those. They're still checking out his parts. How many of you in? Hello. Yeah, Leo. How much are you? Okay. That annoying story to Bobby, the awesome, my awesome. Aqua. Yeah, Bobby. He said, Bobby, no, okay, thanks. It's a girl. Bobby, girl. When I say, Bobby, they're Bobby, girl, right? I liked that. It's a novelty song. It's cute. And the video is really cute. But nevertheless, Aqua, we're not putting the group song. Bobby, no. I thought, Bobby, they were pictures of her. Who's that? The, the aqua girl. He's cute. We need, uh, what's her name? We need Yannis. How about Leena and me? I built with her. Is that, I was okay. Leena and I'm a very depressing though. I don't like the pressing songs. You know, another one, let's put this on there. The even of destruction. Oh, my. Oh, and it's so depressing. Yeah. I mean, it was, it was a, uh, protests song back in late 60s when Vietnam was going on. In fact, we are out of play it. I wish we had time to play it. I'm, I'll take it into the ball game. Just play, play weapons of mass destruction. I know that. Well, I, but that's great. That's not what I want. It's not, then that was not the press. It well, really is. This is, this is Bozo story. Electrical people are dying over there based on nothing. And let me say one other thing too, because one, every time there's another protesting, like the car bombs yesterday in Bosra. Oh, well, it's all kind of, whatever you should, we think it's all kind of. Outside, it wasn't blowing any body up interact before we did them. The wonderful job of going in there and chill them all in people. So, even though Iraq was not hotbed of terrorism before, or you were going March, all of a sudden, it is. So, you're welcome. Audio Iraqi people. The ones who are still alive. You're welcome. So, we couldn't prove that it was a hotbed for Al-Qaeda and other terrorist defendition, which one point that was brought on this counter-spin show that I have to mention right now last night on CVCA was the fact that, and remember a few months ago that kept on us, oh, Al-Qaeda has been disemboweled and they're just a shadow of what they were. And they don't, they still had Osama and Amola Bulab, but other than that, the organization is basically finished. Look, that's what. Thanks to the Iraq attack. Other organization's terrorist groups around the world, which previously had been like competitors were, they're all, they're all got their own thing. Now they're joining forces with Al-Qaeda, and Al-Qaeda is supposed to just be in Afghanistan in certain parts of the Middle East generally speaking, and a few cells elsewhere. Now they're worldwide, baby. With the cooperation of every nutcase terrorist group in a world. So, nice going, W. So, this crap about how much safer we are now that we were before. Right, only a moron, moron, believe that. And we obviously got about 50% of the country are a bunch of morons. 27 after 11 at 5, 60 W. Q. even here we talk about dollar matters in their spectacular customer service. And when you call 1-800 matches, you'll speak with an expert bed and consult her, answer all your questions, and give you the customer service you've as your van. The dollar mattress commitment to service recently caught the attention, the better business bureau. Dollar mattress has been part of the South Lower Community for over 12 years with the main office in the Northeast. They've earned a coveted torch of excellence award for 2004 from the Boston Better Business Bureau. This award is given annually to a company that embodies the Better Business Bureau's values of honesty, and take within ethics and marketplace. To receive this award as especially impressive or dollar mattress because guess what? They don't even have any stores. And 1-800 mattress once you know that one criteria in judging the award was truth and advertising, no BS, no lies. You can rest assured that everything I've been telling you about dollar mattress is absolutely. That's so easy to accept. 100%. So pick up the fold right now like I've been doing for years when the old mattress is worn out. Call 1-800 mattress, get the whole truth and nothing but the truth with a fantastic deal on the brand bedding. If you call 1-800 mattress, you'll be just to satisfy this fight as me and George and everybody else has been using them for a long time. Call them today 1-800 mattress, MATT-RES, or log them to their website mattress.com. Dollar mattress, the honestest smart way to get you a great night's sleep for a cool zag's to come. I got your breath beautiful. On the 9 o'clock movie, with a defenseless kid picked up. Hey, come on, stop that! Let me along with the least. They come big to my eyes. Oh sure, fine. Take my parking spot. Now I wasn't just waiting here for her or anything. Go right ahead. And win fold ladies attack it. I don't know where you little grunge is. Stop hitting me with your motorized wheelchair, you old bath. That hurts. It's a sack of the blue hairs. Oh, it's your warehouse. It's a stunning, rough, shut my chains so far up here. It was out warning, without fear, and they could strike at any time. A sack of the blue hairs tonight at 9 o'clock. It's all the 3-2-5-60 WMC's this fax. Who would have guessed draft talk on the nearing larger show? What does that mean? Get it we're talking about the draft. They talked about the drafts and other shows on this station. We never do. Get it. Are our? No, I'm good. The full question is the slam dunk. The most annoying song ever was Bobby and for Otsonner. Don't worry, be happy. Remember back in late 80s when Channel 67 made the big switch at M.S.A.S.A. It was. This weather, with the FCC allow you to refer to the Red Wing Bible numbers as Sunday Massholes. I like that. Oh, that's the best. That is the best of all time. Take as much as was a marginal fashion till we got to the last line. And you redeem yourself big time. You got redemption, man. You're much a masshole. Oh, that is sensational. Oh, no. It's got a low-lossier tongue. They're like a wait for it. Right. That is so much better than animals. That is beautiful. During the day to springs, never heard of this weather magazine that's got the tough 50. We're starting 7-Graphos with signs of silence is great. So how many of you, Jerry? Eight of. Columbia records it released a song on a full calme by the duo. While signing a Graphon for playing in small clubs in Europe, Columbia ended a base guitar in drums to the song released a visit. Single became a top 10 in the US. And the record company had trouble finding them in Europe to them to get their asses home and cut another album. If you were, oh, here you go. Here's one of the Ohio Express. Yami yami yami. See, yami yami yami yami yami. I love it, my tummy. See, another is a bad song. Got it? Yami yami yami yami. Navali song, but it's bad. It's a bad Navali song. There were good Navali records like Flying Sawster by Bekennin and Good Nuh. Right? Right. Here's another one. Another song for your worthless is Dree. I like dreaming by Kenny Nolan. I never heard that. He never says dreaming. It's always dreaming. I love dreaming. Maybe he knew Bob Obama. Or maybe he knew Tom Bokka. I know not. I knew. Tom Bokka's getting off the air. Thank the sun's good going to happen as year. We knew that long. Charles and dear field being to the risk of your just shmit canning this and have to say for me it's a tie between Honey. Oh, two bad records both by the same artist Bobby Grohl's bro. The incomparable tune smith. Oh, Charlie, you got a great sense of you, my man. Honey and watching Scotty grow. I don't think watching Scotty grow was I better look at it. Talk about it. Oh, oh, Prince Charles is watching William and the Shaw right now. Let's see. Watching Scotty or Bobby Grohl's bro. Let me look at my back. I don't want to put stuff because one of you. You wait till tomorrow man because these people are going to be researching it during between now and tomorrow. Let's see. Watching Scotty or yeah. It was on 11 weeks out all the way up to number 11. Holy moly man. That was 80 pressing song. Bobby goes bro. The incomparable tune smith. What's what we put in there? Honey and watching Bobby grow. Oh, that honey. I mean, talk about it. I don't know. What was that other about patches by Dickie Lee? Talk about depressing sort of side by person. Dickie Lee. No, you're thinking of a brindle Lee. 560560 pound 560 on the. You think it'll be Allen from WSYZ and Detroit. I don't know any hardest garbage by the name of. I know what's his name. Dick or fine junior. What's his name? Donner fine junior. I don't know. 560560 pound 560 on the. AT&T and Verizon. That was. You have no idea. I mean, just riding along the raises. Ad right there. I feel like a chief on a bottom of my heels right now. Wow. I feel wire burn right in the bottom of my left heel. W to Q a and hello. Q a and. You're getting. Oh, God. Talk about. Converse go jump off a small clip. Okay. That a big one. But I want you to get heard. W Q a and hello. Are you doing to it? Pretty good. Pelling. Two things. Yeah. Mr. A bottle by stick to anything. David. That's the off thing. He was a lawman at the top 40. I don't know. Yeah. Get out that dance. That was great. That was one of my best calls in the year. Five six set of let's see. We got the Marlon coming up. The Marlon's out back in 1230. Marlon's at the Feliz in 105. And as a look for the sweep in the series. The hopper follows the abogging. The Hebrew hammer till seven. Then we got her a cool hotline. Seven way to talk. The big. Eight to ten. That's perfect for him. Just about the time the son is going down. When the signal goes down to about 10 watts. Any K from attended to an overnight forget it. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. Let's do a line nine. Q a and hello. Pretty good. A question question. What's going on with internet. I've been able to get through some shifts today. It's on there where you're the first person to tell me that. Yeah. I can't get through on my ale hell. And it's not that bad to be the problem. I need to blow. Usually I let you get through. But it's keep seeing my connection is. It's offline. But I get through heavier. Don't think of personal. But it's got to be human. Oh no way man. I can't do this. Wait. Okay. Pursing. Wait. Okay. Good luck. Six seven. Have you had anybody else in it? Eric hasn't reported you that we have any problems done there right? No. Lunar problem. And he would have. Picking. Oh, he would have reported it. He would have shouted it from the mountaintop. So they had mountains in Orlando. How many Q a and hello? They have mellows. Q a here. I got two for you. Okay. Dilly don't be a hero. We have already don't be a hero. Who did that? Who's in there? I don't know. And then on hero was. It'll come to me. And also the next one happened in July. Oh horrible. Good choices man. The starlight. Rotest band. Thanks a lot. Two good choices. Now what was the first one? Billy don't be a hero. Billy don't be a hero. Two member can't play zero anymore. The enrique thing. I love that. Can't play that no more no chance. He said it looks like a big something like that. Billy that's he big girls don't cry. Big log. Oh geez. I don't even think we can say that. Can we? Big log man. Billy. Gene. Oh Billy. Gene by the increasingly indicted Michael Jackson. Billy and Sub by BJ Thomas. Billy don't be a hero. It was by both Donaldson and the hero. Wow. Oh Donaldson and I he was. A medley of their smash. Billy don't be a hero. Was he the one he did? I don't know. The guy that's it. I'm talking about this guy. It's what he said. Oh he afternoon delight. Acting delight. I'll go. Sarah man. Vocal by Yannu. Horrible. Okay. Okay. So great. Listen. I'll tell you one thing. Arlust. I think is a hell of a lot better than his damn music box. Blender. Whatever that magazine is. What is the magazine? There may not be stick in your maxi pants and the blender. It's really screws up that smoothie something fierce. Let's see make a maybe a see. I don't want to say bloody Mary. That would be better. Oh. Okay. What? Nothing. 166 votes on his pool here. But when of course a lot of people are waiting because they don't see their yet. The worst hit song. Pap 40 of all time. A key break. He are 24. You will line up my life. Twenty two. So far they got a life and that struggle between Debbie, and Billy Ray Cyrus both of them to know if they challenged Debbie because your father was Patthoon and Billy Ray because he's a country guy. He's from Nashville or somewhere like that some mug won't place. I never have been able to figure about why do they all look like that. Why have they all got that like? Because he's not really a bad looking guy. He is probably about as close to human looking as any of the country singer types. You know? Yeah. But when you look at him they eat they're like a little bit off. You know what I mean? I don't want one. Why is that? That's good breathing. I see that in breathing. Yeah. And have breathing. Have my baby's breathing. That speaker doesn't have my baby 15. Feelings is moving up. Thank goodness 13. We both are city 12. Macarena 11. I say, maybe 10. Season of the sun 9. Ebony 9. We don't worry. We'll be happy. Party all the time since I will always love you five. Surf and bird five. She bangs three. Sugar Shax 3 and Otago. But the body goals were one's all do very well. He is just our, and what was the term he used? He's not. That was a beautiful thing. Funny. It's almost five. She's going to be better hurry back. Once we get to the top of the hour it's all downhill from there. Believe me. I'm giving you a putting on notice. Speaking of that, they've been at you been putting off the home improvement dream because you're afraid it's going to turn into one nightmare which happens to a lot of other people. Here's the ideal. If you want to have pleasant sleep and the great dreams design concept filters is the answer to your problems. Because they've been one of the top home rotlers and soft food. Since 1982, because they're 100% customers and especially with the no excuses, they're totally takes all the worry out of the whole deal. They refuse to have it on happy customer. They offer you quality work at a fair price. What's not to like? And design concept, go to exclusive five year labor warranty. So I take the risk of a real nightmare on any new addition year house. Kitchen bathroom windows any other project. Do the smart thing. Call the people you can trust for us to spend this job at a great price every time. Design concept filters. On the net, if design concept filters.com or call them at nine. Five, four, seven, one, eight, sixty, seven, sixty, six. Financing is available with no payments for six months with a fruit credit. And you can also get you a 10% discount on all your modeling through the end of this month of April. Only will design concept filters. Check them on the web design concept filters.com and then make that call for a stupidious job called nine, five, four, seven, one, eight, sixty, seven, sixty, six. Find a cool goal. His name is My6. The real world. How do you win? We're the way girl the great she played. Oh, great one, not just the race. Bro, we like our free hat and rain. So, one day. And you know will you worry, babe. And I want no blackery, but we can. We can. We can, we can, we can. You know, when, like one, this is the idea. All the guys here, no worse, he treats you. Find a white knitted proposal. We can, no, no, no, run, run, run. Oh, come on, come on, come on, come on. Or take over in five, sixty, nobody could have me. I wouldn't, uh, Carol, I'll counter die. I don't know you're going to rip him again for his drugative. It could sound, but nevertheless, when he died, it should have been like a day of a national holiday in America. He was just, um, I don't know why it. He was a monster. He was a legend. He was a giant. He was like, uh, he may have had more impact on everybody than almost anybody on television. I loved him dearly, even though he was full of crap about his son. Oh, well, but again, I was told his last daughter. We did see her broken heart because he was in denial, okay? Does any parent, especially celebrity parents, but any parent. Who's kid ones have been us? Uh, carefully, a sleaze bag just because of the, like, Ask them to make us bad. Oh, a whole lot of things that we get with us are really bad. A sleaze bag. Uh, you know, yeah, it's not this all. It's never their fault. Right. Well, um, how, you know, was his fault. Maybe he was a good father. Maybe he was a bad father. Most show business people are crappy parents. Right. If you watch the biography channel, you're fired out of the 99% of show business people. Cause they're never around. They're busy making a big living. So it's a mixed bag. I understand. I don't want to hand the kids. I have all the luxury. I got all I'm running and all this. Put on the other hand. Sometimes they don't have any of wire coating or you're not playing daddy. I blame the kid. But that's what we get. I don't have any wire coating or you're just right. I understand. I caught it. Now, here's, I used to get, you caught it all right. It used to get better shape. It's a prank listening to a faggy wippy skinny Michael Jackson singing. Bad, hot, bad, hot, bad, hot, bad. Yeah, bad. Get that on her. It'd be bad. Okay, real bad. He was just being honest. He's bad. He's a bad actor man. He'd been acting up. And that Jesus did. Now, it's really interesting. I'll be showing you. Even though I used to get a lot of crap for we know that stuff of the templates and whatever these articles on here. How many months ago, about third man did we reveal thanks to our friends at the Inquire where about that Jesus do thing, including that big words you they hadn't biggest that we haven't even heard about yet that the, was it the Mirage I think? The villas behind the Mirage. Whatever one of us. Yeah, the Jesus do. That was no secret to us because we are really, do about that. Way ahead of these. See, I'm going to tell you again. For example, last night they were talking on this counter spin show and I hate to keep bringing it up because I don't know what you saw. But about the fact that within, within days after they finished in Afghanistan, what they considered being finished as usual and like walking away, just walk away. There were already like making the plans out to split up the oil and all the other assets of Iraq. This was already on the table. You got it? I got it. Okay. Just mention that in passing. For anybody who doubts all of this stuff on, by the way, speaking of lies, the Pentagon deleted from a public transcript, the statement of defense secretary Donald Rumsfield made a walker by a board. So, suggesting the administration gave Saudi Arabia two months heads up, the president Bush decided it would be the right. They just deleted the, from the transcript. And then they tried to say, what was by neutral agreement with the board, what would say yesterday, and no way I would have agreed to that. No chance. And then, Rumsfield had his press conference. They passed him a note while he was in total denial. That business about what was the line again about to, you can, you know, yeah, you can take it to the bank that this is going to happen. He's just, oh no, I never said it. You can take that to the bank. Yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck. Of course, all of his butt liakers there and they put it on news briefing. Oh, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, bygej comes into a pretty little place of Regierung is your army of the red, Roth is because there I are, that the government, he will go back and Hey, J teaching W5ge, you know, you're upa, you know what a What about Noel? Once he gets all cooled out? How many QA in? Hello. Hey, how about all old rivers by Walter Brennan? Well, what would that is that reading name of the song? I don't know is it like old bad river? Is that something? No, no, no, that's it Oh, you must have been eating that macaroni grill too often. I like the macaroni grill by the way Walter Brennan all rivers. That is the name of the song. I mean number five Holy moly great good pali all rivers Hold maybe talking about januers. I do love januers don't anybody put any januers songs And he will come to the house now look at Brasie beat the crap body all rivers you got it there Josh I got it there. I'm right. Maybe talking about Mickey rivers 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. Maybe Mickey bridges Underrated trap man there look at not thick finder 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line I'll tell you one thing eight on Michelle brainer W 2 a and hello Hello, yes sir Neil here speaking you got a deal. Yes, I'm about Johnny Ashman poppy I'm happy Oh, that was that afghan song I poppy. I think he had his afghan how done his life But he was a singing that song Puppy love by Danny I was been very very embarrassing and a big hit Don't be not kidding my good friends on he has man. I'll let me drop a name I only got two names to drop the on and Johnny has been do I know anybody else and Dave Johnson anybody else I know Yeah, I'm talking about famous people celebrities You know how we're David well now we're talking big time I don't want to like just drop that name around anywhere So thank you a Q a M hello Okay, you talking to him. Hi Great The electric slide and The best of point that's the ceiling hot feeling hot feeling hot That's not a don't say Hot oh, oh, you're right that could be the worst song in history right Oh, hot hot oh and that's another one they were used about channel four one of those channel four as evil man They are evil Let me take a look at it It's not so hot now. I just look at it hot. Where is it? It's not on here are you sure that's the name of the song pretty sure Maybe it wasn't top 40 here. We can only pray although I I want to put that on there anyway I'll make an exception. That's how much I hate that song annoying They take love to take a annoying songs and just just drive you crazy with it Let's see next your point actually. Yeah, it was a no so we'll put it on there anyway hot hot hot hot. What was the first way he said? Electric slide Electric slide Yes, what is that never looks kind of like this and you plug it in yeah You get as a matter of the party's the mass dancing song not unlike the macarenas electric slide Sure, where have I been is he not at those parties the election day elected? It's not on here Not a top 10 hits. We'll talk hot hot hot. Well, one or two in bed. We'll make we'll make it not a top 40 567 if you're wondering what else going on here? We're just starting this. This is gonna be quite an adventure I'll do the whole four hours tomorrow but the end of the day we should have 50 60 at least 30,000 songs in there that we hate and the spies just to give you a chance to get out of your system. We hate it This is great. I just found this by accident. I looked at this thing and I have about maximum blender Is that what it is? Yes, well actually said the right thing in the magazine and actually pad blender And I thought this is make a great poll. This would be really a sum the hop on so to speak Are you in here me see that I had yeah song so bad there on a list all the road is what the head line is Meast in Chronicle. Let me just give you a couple more from the their list of well This is the maximum blender top 50 list Barbie girl is on there a will two cave. I will sniff ooh If he did it I hate it. I just despise him the end by the doors Why is it that air me listed bad songs always has the end by the doors? Well, what's so bad about that? It's the fact that's number like 26 Huh, let me see pressing mesmerized job rule featuring a shot a Hang in tough by the new kids on the block. Oh Right Adam's and I'm not I'm not even sure if we can say the title of this song The only thing that looks good on me is you that sounds like what I'm literally lujac cowboy titles Uh-huh, the only thing that was good on me is you that sounds pretty provocative to me by Brian Adams Canadian boy He did by all including here Oblad the Oblad by the Beatles now that they always picked that on all these lists Huh, I don't know the Beatles had so many throw away songs, you know, and that was uh, what are the least of our blinds the old Blanda are we putting that on there? Sure. Oh, yeah, and I'll tell you one that needs to be on there They talk about Canadian A and believe me. There's plenty Canadians made plenty of bad records And this is one of the all-time words Celine Dion and my heart will go on. Oh my Even Leo can't handle that no mode. I thought you were gonna talk about a and very Let's just say for for tomorrow. May I? Way and hello always for talk to Spontress. What if you weigh him hello Two a Yes, how about question Markin and the Serians 96 years you my sense of great size one my favorite songs They're from second on Michigan Oh well, so when you were talking about before a yummy yummy yummy I grew up with the guys who wrote it the song or or The groups one of the groups Fisters so I'm really made me laugh. Okay. Have a great day sweetheart 96 years put that on or even I take great umbridge without but she was very nice I just think she happens to be on that full of crap. That's all You like that song. There's 96 tears by question just quite a question Markin and I'm doing two little He was from Tagina He just couldn't say it. Tagina WQA and Yes, sir About Must grab love by captain in the deal Our fabulous selection. Okay. Thanks a lot. Must grant love Although we do like gloves all keep us together though written by Neil Sedanke. That's the doctor right? But must grab love was a it's a matter of fact. You know who's favorite song that is? I can be a clue absolutely. Oh He just loves that musk red love And back at the day I had a fabulous time for that Great exactly four minutes to loom we got the big commercial half hour club now this thing is we could do this every day You know, let's let's play a marlin game at 12.30 a.m. I am excited. This is tag Nobody wants to talk about diseases man especially in your own body, but they know as you get older Well first of all you got like a history in your family of certain things Maybe you're a heavy smoker. You're worried about your lungs. Maybe you've got history of family of heart disease Maybe you're fat as a cow and you worried that maybe the inside of your body you're riding and following apart You got all sorts of things in here. Here's a great way I just did it last week and this is fantastic. Hollywood diagnostics center is proud of announce They're virtual colonoscopy much less intrusive and invasive and the not as big of a song It tends to be afraid of is the usual Process the coronary heart scoring and full body screening exams that can detect cancer Also it's about the life-threatening diseases in their release stages if that could be for was not needed It's like a virtual trip right through your body. They actually look right into your lungs and down through your You can see your pancreas in your your liver when you're a colon all of these things You're what else is in your bladder kidneys and if there's anything there catch it while they're still trying to do something about it So we can be a life saving thing. It takes a very short period of time and it's totally non-invasive No pain at all for all your imaging exams call Hollywood diagnostics center at nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred for a test that can give you and your family peace of mind This is twenty for a century technology and it's best We be able to take advantage of it and Hollywood diagnostics center. They offer state of the imaging equipment with open MRI High-speed cat scans nuclear medicine and much much more Hollywood diagnostics centers been serving community for over 20 years and a facility also provide the complete mobile diagnostic service They can come right to you like if you break a leg or an arm or whatever or if mama falls down Call Hollywood diagnostics center at nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred for imaging exam today Like I keep telling you it could be a life saving phone call nine five four nine six six 3600 And Okay I want to die. You're taking me home, don't you? No, no. Don't you? Oh, no. I'm going to eat. Why do I owe this? Thank you. I know my smell attract you. But I'm like, I'm you. You still got such a... I feel just like that you are my dear brother. And what you need to do with them. And why you are so not buying them? It's just... It's just... I'm sorry. You're going to die, you son of a bitch. You're going to die, you son of a bitch. You need to die, you son of a bitch. I'm on a low bed, but you... And I'm here to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. five sixty spinkin of the gully this is a good uh... where the hell said fact you send me so many fances well it was what i just do without that or it is it says not can't find it that's not the one is something about the carting up all those heritage ha ha ha ha ha uh... the other sounds it by next week of the district of brown we need those uh... and who it was a little sounds beside the uh... dot that one yeah you're the ones we're talking about just just uh... by themselves separate we have a great time in a country also now this i don't know it says don't know that the song because it sucks yeah yeah yeah got his good what if god was one of us what is that or that's yeah what if got his car our small cannabis the so called one of us by joddorsport one of us what about what if uh... yeah scoobled up if we didn't have such a shortage of time here i would actually play that because that's one of my but we don't have time so we uh... will put that on there here's the winner it says disco duck by rick these it says put it on their fed ass okay fed ass and put it right on there disco duck uh... HR says they're coming to take me away by Napoleon 14th uh... uh... kind of like your body and that says on the reverse out of the forty five was the same song in reverse and the label was also printed backward just to drag you crazy so it could relate to it you won't believe it but our first break the half hours come up momentarily uh... must grab a lot of it what i don't know what you're laughing about how i'll see what you do it just play ball back to back uh... and it says we united by peaches and stir her with a big thumbs down good choice who we united with they don't like to syrupy songs man they hate those syrupy syrupy songs we'll take a little more calls in here before twelve thirty we got the mark and pre-game in twelve thirty marlins one or five as they try to sweep the series against the alphabet one issue on the philly's man don't think that honey what they want about uh... bunch of the roguins them police suck the words hit song top forty in history achy breaky heart thirty nine you live my life twenty seven neckerina twenty two feelings by the umptious morris albert the cat twenty two having my baby seventeen don't worry be happy seventeen and every ten that used to come on i think i was happy to listen to some started we built this city fifteen scenes in the sun thirteen i size baby maybe twelve every nine of twelve parny all the time eleven everybody else in religious are you prepared the judge for this could be a hectic half hour now i don't want to put too much pressure on you but i know twenty five six two way ban for yet but change real good and what you hear the excess energy to drive one crazy so what great the cereal will you tell mom to buy next time she goes shopping and i have to do to do the shunner to super sugar gold is sugar java's our little bits of rock game to drink to honey and coven with power children who goes through those cards here and other natural sweetness and the registration and I love you, Frank Stone's jewelable barrier. So try, I know you're too precious, you're too expensive. So you're free. And you're as fond of a fool. So guess what I just found speaking to the worst song of all time? What? Oh. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm like, don't know. I need to talk about cannibalism as a good song. Timothy, give it on here. Here's another one, Bob and four love are in a lot. I disagree. It was annoying. Hang on, sleepy by the McCoy's. Hang on, sleepy right? It was okay. But he didn't like it, so put it on there. Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You won't take couple of calls, right? It is first time with Sponsh. Believe me, mostly Sponsh. WKW and Hoh. Pretty good. I don't know if this one's on there. Is Gary Glitter's rock wall part two on there? It is now. Okay, that's gotta be the worst song ever. I always want to puke when I go against it. I hear that. Sorry. Oh, get it on there. I agree with him, man. Just beat him five here to see Gary's leaders. Rock and roll part two. And the star, the star part of the core is nauseous. Give him a hit on what's coming. Oh, listen to me. Wow, that is just, he's right. That's what we should watch against on TV. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. WKW and hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. How about the AT&T to call out a song? AT&T to call out a lot of. Right? Who did that? Rupert Holmes, he's an author of the show. I remember he was kind of Sherlock when I was young. Text lot of comic, good news. That's a good one. Peanut to call out. 6, 9, 1000. 10, 100, 1000. Left, he's 14, and no! No! 1, change room. 10, 100, leave. 1, don't wanna dies. Okay, right down here. Yes, those radios, second, white. and roll past the rules. Who'd have to class tomorrow? No. If he's gone too high and we are not lost anymore. Come here, sine, confes, lone girls. Hey, you wank enough to start. Let me you. That's his Matthiam. Got this. One fish helped him to solve the Ditty? That's the dumbest connection you would need. They were out on a date parking gear restart. Maybe gear is on just a little too far. Ah, he showed up the morning, turn to her rest set. I'll bow to his baby, I could use me some... Maybe that young intern, if it wasn't right, But the copios in their system made them feel so light The copo in the moment and said, You're no chaos, but maybe true should geary But I still want geary Spectam! Ah! Over, where can that soldier be? She ain't been heard the same for so many weeks. As she goes to heaven as she left when she showed. The night's a dairy-tongued be the true wild food. Weren't you welcome to Miss Moore's Shon Provaus not around? Though geary had no tears, just at first still down. And remember her point, she drew her part of the eyes. Your scary finally got bored, he wanted less night. She had opened the door, went to Superman's set. All re-batten just in her two-world home. Then she took off her 30-boomer up-kiss. And no one including fury has seen her sedums. Though the fact is she's gone, she's stretched way. Not the right, if somebody knows the truth, Well, then the truth will be night's name. Well, what did I send in to you out by me there with a flick of a finger? Just in time, too, is my other. I'd be sad to play that last kiss, Dave Frank Wilson. Then it was later on, we done by whom. Some of them. That guy. Well, somebody, but last kiss horrible song. He's pressing terminal loud fire. Makes me sure all bloods is that I'm in Jimmy Kielargo. Michael Murphy, wildfire and... Oh no. It's horrible ring this song. And it comes. Walk it up. Oh, what's going on? What did you do? I'm gonna give him a hug. I'm gonna give him a hug. What is that? Saturday morning confused. You buy Bobby Russell. Oh, where was he? It's my thought. What the hell was he? He's got to get you to it. Now it's my buy-goo-to-bet-man-in-vose. Don't spill the corn for itself. Where he'd less break the corn for the homeless. Who wanted us to have a beer with the foist of our heads? That's a bomb. He's a Santa-Ga-Morning. You know that, son. It's a grotesque. No, I mean, he'd be like a hell of a man. Who are you doing? Who are you doing? Who are we doing? Who are we doing pretty messed up? Because a lot of us, if my finger is solved, throw it up there. Well, sometimes you're outgrow stuff, you know? He's in the film, my curious depth and the film I worship, and I only keep it. Well, hopefully. Well, hopefully. I want to put him in there. Tony Orlando is going to die. He'll be ribbon away. I remember, oh, you got to text that, pal. Good one, good choice. Tie. I yell, or ribbon around Tony's neck is what I'm thinking. Now he's a board again Christian Tony Orlando, which makes us despise me more than we did before. Well, he'll be all former substance abusers turn to Jesus. And die of coath. And probably true a lot of gum. Like I'm a regular. Like I'm a switch. I got to play that. I don't have time. Anyway, it's time for me or not that. No matter. Oh, that was close. No, I'm a low. It's a video file system. Oh, yeah. Thank you, baby. Are you sick of counseling and turning? Because you can't sleep at night. You're going to be up for work if you want. So I want some little shy. Then why not kick back and relax with crime life records new double feedes at the sounds of silence. That's right. Let your cares melt away with the soothing relaxing peaceful tranquility of complete unsuppered nothingness on this ridiculous digitally remastered timeless CD of pure noiseless sorority. You hear songs like this. And this. Plus, if you act now, for those of you who vacation in the country and can't get to sleep without the envy of nois of a bustling thriving metropolis, we'll also throw in at no additional charge sounds of the city. Wow, that's just like a real wedding. That's just a fucking liturban little cow. Now I find the fix of the sky. Toward of the sounds of silence and the free coffee bonus CD sounds of the city called 1-800-MATOLO-GOLDLE idiot and I'll buy everything. So I know COD. I have no life. Okay, 206 after you know we got the pregame for the Marlins. They're going for the sweep and Philadelphia. Come out there about 3.5 minutes, something like that. Like I said, coming up at about 3 minutes, something like that. I think I'm so proud of myself. I'm going to pat myself right in the air. I said, you know, I got all the spots in there. And what a half hour, huh? Right, tight. Well, no, by me, if they're going to say to me, well, you know, you're thinking, if these are sure, I understand it, namely, a few bucks, no problem, I'm all in a sparse of your life. If that's just have all spots radio, I've told them that a long time. Okay, here's the deal. Are we going to carry all these over for tomorrow? What do you think? Or should we just take like the top 20 and start and moron? Ooh, whatever we got all the same moron. Moron. Anyway, right now, achy-breaking heart 44, the worst hit song of all time, you'll add up my life 29. Mecharin at 25, feelings 22, having my baby 19. Don't worry, be happy 18. We built this city 17, every day, 9, 15, George Haysett. Uh, seasons in the sun 14, I size baby 12, party all the time it doesn't. Now, how come nobody has mentioned this to be a real good one to go to the ball game with. How come? And this is especially for your close personal friend that loves to shake hands and to consult with you with the appearances, the guy with the eyes. Oh yeah, I like the rock. Right, by the way. I do feel that for different reasons though, yeah, I'll go. And right in the middle of a good game, I call it once I wake up from something that keeps not being that great. That's a full question, I'd better hear it. David Cassidy or Susan Bays, please leave out the newer time for it. God, God, God, God. Hey, David, you're Dave. Oh, baby. This morning, I woke up with this feeling, your girl. Didn't know how to deal with that. So I just decided to myself, I'd like to myself. And then I would talk about and did not go. So I'd better have this honor, Josh. I think I love you. I'm gonna sit in the car. Oh, I think I love you. Oh, I'm a fool of fate. I'll see you on the front end. I'm not sure of what I'm there in the cool cool. And I have no luck in that. And I think I love you. That's what I can fail. You're. So it's for it to stay. But I never feel this way. I'm a home home. Here's quality things. Huh? Let's try it. Ha! More on. It's good. But third man. Ha! Ha! Ha! Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Oh, I'll pick it up. I just think, well, it's all about it. I'm not so much to think about. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Great!