What a silly place to saw I can play with baby silly. Brad is very very curious and you see it. He's really pretty. He's really pretty. I get to be forward lutter game though. But we are rock solid. I'm a giant. Congratulations. Get a life. Oh yeah speaking under they must be smoking a really good scope. That place. They should be muster coming. We're down in Jamaica in the town of being. They got the best work that you ever seen. Ask anybody in that neighborhood. They tell you this country where the country goes. Oh right. Rustamdan has so many want to sell and from a mile away You can detect this now. Oh so. So we're just woke. So we're just woke. He liked the spot. He's like a spritz and a stroke. So can't the smoke. So can't the smoke. So can't the smoke. So can't the smoke. They can't jabby good. Oh. So can't the smoke. You break every last lover and you run this act. Spoke it every day until you're long so like. With all the fun they've had to we have made. Jamaica doesn't eat any for a day. A man can't tourists come here and say. God that thing like this in the US. They smoke. So can't the smoke smoke. They like the spot. They split them and talk. They begin to tough and short. The smoke can't the smoke smoke. Yeah. They can jabby good. On the tell us on you, On our strong man. You like to smoke the giant stick whenever you can. Watch solid in me people coming here from miles around. So bite deeper blue by the ounce and the mouth. Rastaman's it's over. How am I right? They can jabby good. So can't the smoke smoke. So can't the smoke smoke. They like the smoke. Yeah. So can't the smoke smoke. So can't the smoke smoke. So can't the smoke smoke. They can jabby good. We got this stand break on a command given group of bodies that I'm going to be able to. Let me ask you something. How's Jack doing? We'll find out. We got to make sure that press conference comes up on a clock or a little bit after one. There are boats. And of course we make way for that because when it comes to QA and only the sports are big goes. We're just filler here. Just filler material. That's all we do. Just kill on some time. Chillin and kill him. Well, the reason I played that bit. I learned that I was going to be a little bit more important than ever. Oh my God. And the children are trying at younger younger ages. Well, you can tell from the, what's going on there at QAM. Obviously, it must be so strong. You're like this roaming from it because there are excess wood. Even Moe shaved his head. That's a true story for those who didn't hear Moe this morning. Am I right? Absolutely. There you go. Shamed a clean. And his head too. In honor of. Right. Anyway. More children are trying the younger younger ages in part two. You as officials are changing their drug policies. Are you a potheads out there? Huh? What? Talk to me? Yeah. Piles no longer the general weed of the 60s and may pose a greater threat than cocaine or even heroin because so many more people use it. By the way, I'm drug free two weeks today. No sugar, no cap, no ice cream, no candy bars, no nothing. No sugar two weeks. Take. I've blood sugar this morning. We're 78. I've lost, uh, what did nine pounds in the two weeks? I've got so down a little bit on that, but not because of meeting any craft. No crap. Which I'm pretty excited about that. Anyway, officials at the National Institutes of Health and at the White House are hoping to shift some of the focus and research and enforcement from hard drugs such as cocaine and heroin too. Though wicked weed. So all you weed people out there. You better watch it cause the foth police are going to come in the kick your hand. I guess we got a switch back to coat that, Josh. We better get with it because we only got three hours and then, well, see, the audience isn't going to believe this. How to childish and embarrassing this place. But Clarence Diro, who was a little child plan program director, I gave him a choice. Because he came and wanted to make sure that we didn't play any like drop-ins during the press conference. Because some people, uh, the ten hockey fans we got in South Florida, maybe remember a couple of years ago that exciting press conference in which BT, bowtie is at Bill Tory, a fire delivery voice. Right. You know, played some drop-ins there when he announced that he had to terminate Brian Marie and Terry Marie and I would've dropped in a few of those. Oh, right. He had some fun with it. But you don't have fun with Chuck. You don't mess with that cause it's too dang important that QAM. We take this deadly seriously released day-to. George, they'll take it seriously. I sure is hell. I find it, I don't know whether it's historically funny or embarrassing. And Josh, he can't take because he needs a job. Right? Well, what he found out is, what the final is. And QAM is this, Chuck? Yeah. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Alright. Excellent. It's all shackled day, I'm QAM. Let's just shack up together. Here's George's pulleys up. You know, I got so sidetracked with all that crap going on there. I never even had chance to do the bio on Port Cate Hudson. Who I give about a seven and a half on a scale of telling you to be honest. Yeah. I give her four feet. Yeah. That's the kind of pictures that George selects to put on there when I'm on during these summer months because, you know, I get a slide. Yeah. Port Cate, they gotta go do some new search and they do some research. But make some more of those funny pictures your famous for. Right. Fourteen hundred e9 votes on George's pulleys that he who has the biggest ego in the world. Rush Limbaugh, big fat, kill pop, and every crit Rush 339, Donald Trump, 2013. Although I do like the fact he told Bush. You're fired. George's WWE of show himself, 241, Howard sperm, a legend in his own mind, the master of height, 177, Martha Stewart 92, Mohour David at 65. But then again, that was before the shaved head of the. Right. Right. Right. And maybe people in the audience think we're making that up. That happens to be true. I've got it verified by a whole bunch of different people in the building. But he actually shaved it and they said to, I mean completely bald. At least the musk red gets arrested. One good thing. In honor of course of right. Nice going airmo, most 65 votes. Dick Cheney 52, Kobe Bryant 42, Ricky Tickie Sanchez 38, Col. The Doritianian, Son of Wad of Town, by the way, the guys still did. Dennis Miller 34, Barry bonds 29, Rosie O'Donnell 16, Steve Gildy Geldstein, 14, Don Amister, teen the I man, George Lucas 9, I saw a great. A great show was on, I don't even know where was last night. Two hour thing on all the 60s and 70s, Louvre's and all the great directors and that's a great and a crazy Sam Peckonpa and George Lucas and Martin Scresese and Francis Ford Coppola. It was great. George Lucas mean time after Star Wars, guess he waited 22 years and came back with, Star Wars Part 1. Star Wars Part 1. Yeah. What was that? Raspberry. Do you want to get stuff coming in there and pitching you out again? Absolutely. You said the **** bag out here and I didn't get a chance to talk to him this morning because you ran out of there. Fasten, you can say, when I was passing you can say, sorry. Great Reads 6, Sharon Stone 5 and Mariah Carey is got four. She's scary that Mariah Carey. And by the way, Louvre still says, no, forget about it. So that's that. Better get our pull for today on here. Although first of reminder, join QM in a Marlon side of the North Miami Beach, AIL House, 3227 North East, 163rd Street. Stopped by the wind prices from Philly to Marlon in the Mermaids, all of the bad news. It's still the same usual crappy low budget QM prices. But, you know, it's the Marlon's watch party starting at 7th of the night at the North Miami Beach AIL House. They pulled one out last night and maybe they'll pull one out again tonight. Here's our pull today. Who do you think is the most underrated actor? Movies or TV of all time? They're not going to understand the question and they never do, but that's okay. Anyway, Kate Hutchins behind a beta curtain today. I don't have any bio-eye, what's she on her? Gold is daughter. She's right. That's why she's got the job. Right. Who do you think is the most? I'm going to put on here, Lee J. Com. I just lovely J. Com. He's so good in you. Huh? Very good. Yeah. And you got Brian Cox. See you, OX. He was the first animal left. He's been in a million movies. He's going to be in the board supremacy. He was in board identity. He was the main guy. Brian Cox. Brian Cox. He's in a million movies. We talk about him often. Not you and I, but me and other people. Hey, Brian. Are you happy? Yeah. We're going to die, too. Oh. Oh. Ron Brian Cox. I guess. Did you return me onto the board identity? Right. Remember the evil old guy, the guy in charge of all of the evil doings? Right. And so, as you actually watched the movie with Matt Damon in it, right? I did. And I even borrowed it from a friend so that I could watch it all in its entirety. I'll see you later. I watched it and sniff it. How about the new one? More not in the, um, whatever it's done. Yeah, but I'm going to go see it. It's not? That just yet. I think this weekend. Well, I'm sure it's held. There's sure, uh, click on a hell out of it. There are a lot of spots on there. More four play than shack. Speak it. Then. Wow. That's a lot. Oh, wait a minute. WDQM. Hello. Who am? Hello. Yes, sir. How about Gary Olvin? Gary Olvin. Perfect. Guys. How good day Neil. Thank you, you too. And don't forget to see this guy didn't even say hi. You got to say that when you call. Because parents have been very upset if you don't. We don't want to shortchange. Yeah. Because we're all just on pins and needles. We're shaving it and we're a twisted it and pulling it. Because we're all excited about. Yeah. You got it. WQM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning, how are you? I was wondering, when do you think the IOD is going to go in change or call it or the WR and C? Right. And I was listening to this. What's the speaking by the way of talks of a, uh, it's a sea channel. Error America's numbers are dropping like, uh, you can't even find a anymore. They have that initial little, uh, interest. Nice going there, people. Do you put them on or when nobody cares, but anyway, go ahead. Also, too, I was listening to, um, I got that satellite radio in my truck. Right. Like left wing, talk ring radio and all that. And they had a guy on on the right wing, talk channel. He was talking about the, uh, the marriage amendment, where, you know, the gay ban amendment. Yeah. He says, well, they wanted, they wanted these liberals say that this is the first time they want to amend the constitution to take a person to take people's rights away. But that's not entirely true because after the Civil War, they amended the constitution to take people's rights away. Don't slaves. Right. There you go. That's a good point. All right. Forget. Chuck. Don't forget about it. All right. I won't. See, I want to clap. We got the big shack press conference. In fact, uh, they're warning me that those things never stare out. So anyway, this is a true story. Clarence practically was begging. Oh, please don't do any of those drop-ins during the press conference. Can we just carry a clean. I said, no, you know, we're going to stick around here. Let's see, at least have some fun drop-in if you like to add or maybe one of these like to solid. And so that the people that don't give a flying crap about track, which I realized that there must be many of us. Third man. Third, million. Uh, we could at least get a little amusement out of it. And that sent him into like a, I would say, a quasi-panic when you said it's a good way to describe it. Okay. Yeah. And so we went out of the hallway. Had a conference with himself and probably with Miss Ma for whoever. And came rushing back in to say, oh, well, and you can leave it one or whatever the press conference starts. Have a nice day. Okay. Fine. Let's work more money. That's our motto. We didn't have the little dog on this morning. No, Joe Rose. We had the big. Oh. Boy. Profusely. Good guy. Like I said, but boy, we, uh, I apologize. Right. We want to apologize for fucily. Especially eight o'clock in the morning when you want to try to stay awake. He is coma inducing. He is not rock solid. I'm for you to report. But anyway, so when I'm going to leave it one o'clock or one, one of the things starts. Just what's the way. That's what I'm going to do. And then whatever it's done, George will be there to pick up the pieces. Got an idea. Thursday. We got the Marlins game of one o'clock. We're going to play a game of 1230. So this business of just, you know, it's like a little cameo appearance here at a cameo par answer. Just keep the text coming. But Terrence did say he's been a try to get Chris more on back from a day. 10 13 at 5 60 w if you were him. Hey, when your hair is bent, you can do like mo and shave all your hair off because people are laughing each are muskering. Or you're durable. But if you want to look really great and younger and better than you have in a hell of a long time, maybe ever. Here's the answer for your one simple call to my good buddy Charles Alfie or I can do it for you. Because for more than 35 long excruciating years, Charlie's been doing it for guys making him look their best. He's appeared as a guest on Good Morning America. We today show CBS Morning News and producing his patented hair system that offers you the most amazing natural hair line system you can find. Nobody would even know if it's not real hair. That's the difference. So if you want people laughing at you and falling on the floor just to go and nuts go right ahead and get one of those mousey look and pieces. But if you want to work like a munch, get Charlie's new skin like hair system. It is 100% un-detectable. And Charlie gives you this guarantee what's not to like. You try his hair system for 30 days. And after a month if you don't love the way it looks in feels and smells, if you don't look even better than Chuck than that. Then the return it for a whole refund. You got nothing to lose but that big ugly bald spot. So call Charlie today and change your life forever. Look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again. Call 1-800-3-21-2413. That's 1-800-3-21-2413. Or check him on at wicket worldwide web at CharlesAlphaEury.com. It's 9-9-6. And look at all this is 4-0-5-60. We're gonna do some weigh and. Watch your brother, son of this. Hey, hey, hey, hey. I'm Dick Jani and I approved and classified as ad. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I'm more sexy than Charlie Edwards, much more sexy than Charlie Edwards. And he may look like the music beat-in, or whatever monkeys are dying, and he might sell friends and my gold chiquids. No, that chiquids are like, I am a former sexy country on it with much more sexy than country on it with a dozen of paralysis in his lips. I've got the size like this, and he can do it. And I'm more sexy than John and I like that they have lost their defense from all over the world, but I'm at peace and all of it. I've got a lot of good things that are better developed. And now I'm four or sixy than John and with four or sixy than John and I'm a queer, queer, and I stop saying, I'm wearing a full on the sphere of anger, and I get so many things to hang on. So I'm more sexy than John and I'm a sexy man, he's a liberal and a turd man. What does he got? I am a cabing face to him. So I'm like, you know, I'm right to my misguided, and I want to forward him, I just kind of want him. My eyes don't mean that I'm a psycho-same man. And I'm more sexy than John and with, when you're at a lookin' mind, across the old post for the next four years, I've heard of it. And besides, he's a liberal and a very, very, very ugly man. And I'm a good cummy, he's a very, very dark man. He's an evil-beach, a very, very, very, very ugly man. Oh no, I think some of them have a crappy heart, but he sure is rock solid. So I had no mistake about it all the way. No job. That's pretty am sure but then who it's 20 after 10. Are you alright? You said I knew it Dave the cop who is his middle name is I have no life he faxes in for our poll today most other way to the actor Jean Hickman I'll put a stick in the box area oldman highly acclaimed by everyone right no not really yeah Really but hey whatever But when you're talking about the 10 greatest actors of the 20 greatest actors nobody says Gary oldman You're wrong mister I mean it's all subjective it's like You know who somebody's got a draw the line in this case. I'm gonna draw it. How do you like that with a ballpoint pen Elmer now on the other hand has got two very good choices here. All right give me the yash Seymour I'll fill up Seymour hoppin Magnolia also a talented mr. Ripley he was Freddie He was Freddie until my name and got all been out of shape and then we image Macy Now see you could say the same thing about when you made Macy is you're trying to say about your oldman Yeah, but Gary oldman has been made has been made big movies as the big star Well, yeah, where do you make Macy's been in big movies too? Well, as a character actor as just one of the characters though No, he was in a character actor in Fargo Okay, well, he was one of the characters Like I said put him on there. Okay, or else by the way somebody we like a lot She turns out to be even greater than we thought she was Singer Linda Ronstad not only got boots. You got the boot After lotting filmmaker Michael Lauren is new movie fair night nine loving during a performance at the Aladdin hotel Casino in Las Vegas Before seeing this barato for non-course Saturday night the 50 year old rocker called more a great American patriot and someone who is spreading the truth and She also encouraged everybody to see the documentary about President Bushy did not say anything about which we're not too happy about that That's probably why they kicked her ass out Ronstad's comments drew loud blues in some of the 40-fouter people in attendance stormed up a little in theater People also tore down concert poster and tossed cocktails in beer It was a very ugly scene Aladdin president Bill Timons told the associated press He praised him in all of a sudden all bedlam broke loose. He praised Michael more and they got pissed off and fired up Timons who his British was watching was showed a sighted Ronstad had to go for good Timons said he didn't allow Ronstad back at her luxury sweet she was a scored off the property How do you like that because he offered an opinion? They kicked her out of one of the Aladdin's a dump anyway even the new one right don't go to the Aladdin when you go to Vegas Screw them Ronstad's addicts were a wonderful evening for our guest and we had to do something about it Timons said he said it was the first time he said it perform our packing I hope that they weren't Packing Shat long as I'm here. She's not gonna play Timon said Ronstad had been booked completely Aladdin for only one show Cost her manager went out and returned it interview with the Las Vegas review girly for the show Ronstad said I keep hoping that if I'm annoying enough to them they won't hurt me back and look like she got her wish you go girl We love Linda Ronstad We were headed around our beaver curtain No, there are no pictures Well, we better get some no way of those ever too late closest us like a bad seafood trip WQ and hello Pretty good Good good choice. How do we have to put Jessica Tandy on their tour Okay, thank you Okay, you're grown you got an 8-UME CR-O-N-Y-N We got it and Boca Brian says that it's a good choice Ted Levine Ted Levine I wonder if he was kind to Irving Arlevine Remember Irving Arlevine? No, what network was he on was he on NBC? I believe I don't know You know that's a way before your time and he also used to wear a bow tie Do we take anybody seriously that mother Tucker Carlson wears a bow tie and of course the bill to Ray wears a bow tie Can we take either one of them seriously? No, no Who else wore a bow tie did while he cocks wear a bow tie to aim I take her seriously? No Mr. Peepers Oh look at his John and Seth Tommy South Carolina who's really chronic I had no life I'm a little confused over this erecting the people that are killing our American soldiers And we're killing the same people that said I'm heading jail for a treat and killed If so why don't we tell him sorry about your sons to get back to this makes no sense But at the end he does say something that is very significant shot. You did say that at the bottom of his facts So we deemed yourself real fast there John and South Carolina and get away for your please. I had no life 567 560 pound 560 on the AT and T and rise of wireless line What a clock today or surely thereafter? We will join alive on WQM the shackle meal press conference Make no mistake about it because the whole world is waiting to hear about Even though of course we know that he's a with the heat even though of course So we don't care the heat on this station even though of nobody who's doing this show give us a flying crap about the heat You better get with it right right what in this new which I'll be more than happy to take out off out here early anytime any day clearance No problem We did the entire log make sure we get all the spots in which of course is the only important thing right? So what's not to like 567 0 560 pound 560 on the AT and T line here's line nine QAM hello Hi Neil yes, sir. Hey. I got a couple of things for you. Yes First of all last week when you were talking about Rick fanches you asked for Brian Andrews one yeah He actually left at the end he's gonna be angry on the channel four Pretty soon. I'll be damned I thought he was gonna let us write that's in a limbo job until he goes to New York right right doing channel four and then he's going up near because he called us a couple of weeks ago Something like that And you didn't you didn't do the whole thing about the winter ronsan story I'll tell you why she got thrown out of the hotel because she badmouth the hotel on stage Good for her Concert yeah, and that's not what she was doing so she was really upset about that well screw them. I love when you're on stand Nobody can pick on my lindal say that right now All right, Neil and oh, don't forget about shack. Thank you There you go. Yeah, get with it. You party poopers out there. You better get with it get with the program 26 past 10 it it's one of those things where you don't know whether to laugh or cry so we'll just do both okay? We'll do both laugh and we'll cry Because it's very very sad that these people are taking this crap so very seriously and Of course if I were a dot wring old fool with a Leaking bag and I like shave all my hair off because we had some a little red job coming to town to play basketball I probably would be Sinking off into the end of the sun's set somewhere and a big good idea All right, get him a slinky Hey, if you're on the acens diet a soft beach<|pl|>gobusters or any low carb sugar free diet You're gonna love this store. It's called the lights of West Book because They've helped thousands of low carb diners just like you achieve their weight loss goals Today shopping for the right low carb products is a real pain in the ass because you don't know what's real And what's not most of the so-called low carb products on grocery store shelves will help you lose weight Some will even make you gain weight because they're actually loaded with all kinds of calories and fat and crap Don't sabotage your weight loss goals committed to the lights of West Booker to help you stay on the right track With hundreds of the best tasting lowest carb products going anywhere and the one of the great things to delight You can try anything in the store before you shut on an incansion diet They got a staff that knows low carb dieting inside a note. They're open every eight till ten don't forget They're guaranteed lowest price policy on all atkins Carbelites and purity like products too The lights of West Booker will not be under solely a fight among the Northeast corner blades in 441 next to Boston market I don't know as you next trip there you might run in the chat. He might be there. He could use some low carbs for his ahead column toll free one 877 low carb LOW WCAR be around a web low carb calm. He likes to West Book is your official atkins retail centers What the hell are you doing the nature What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper you're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? We're just adding location Jesus I'm scouting CEOs you are killing me But sir, who's done with your tiny time square point in the country Hey, man Queen it Burn off the bottom plan and Raymas get that blue burn all in here. Okay, boss My sir, but sir, look what we've done with midtown man had 40 seconds treat is incredible I know what publicly I support it that but you took all the part away you're telling me I'm going through a Gavocom like kids. We're just scouting areas calm down What's gonna need but months? Don't tell me to calm down. We got lucky with low and state $128 million dollars. No, you're trying to ruin the whole network. We're kind of programming on you running Hang on a minute Dream us Blue bar crap all over your shoulder When you're self up for heaven's sake And come off the bottom Good god, sir the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good god. You're still running James Bob movie 360 here's all What did you just put steam book really ought to be done with it? We said it make a couple of damn dollars Well the movie division fine you mentioned we were when fishing now. We have the new M. Night Shummo on movie coming I'll wait for the summer signs what the hell does that mean stop sign yield sign You're gonna start swinging some of these title pass me Please Remus Remus I know you can hear me Remus You're still running a bar can swear You don't know I Remus and take the blue bar All right I'd be very careful next time. I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I'm about done with his what? Bob done with the syrup of hand of storm in your job but sir You're terrible Appear they need a point of limus in there. I feel like the president is he remiss? Wonderful day get on a area nothing 26 to 11 at five six you WCM we got the big Press conference coming up a lot of clockers surely there are two we got the man dog or two yes Don't feel so bad they're printing days of our lives for Chuck yeah Oh my god five this morning area the morning Magdog gets two or one ever and then we got the hump or four till 16 he's got almost as long as I got today two hours in quarter nice going Humber or six to be five like I said little over two and a half hours Marlon's on deck 6 35 Marlon's at the Metz night 7 10 any came for that and then the rest for get about it Let's see here's one for our pool. It says how about yeah from a star of Kazan Not to be confused with the shazam right who would do that so let's put on there okay? I'll of course underrated actor I think is around that's put him on there for fun Tomlo says please add John Q-Sax your pool numberation different Q-Sax John Q-Sax he's made a ton of calling movies with very little recognition also could you please play one of the Eisner bits which we just didn't because he also somebody says Andy Garcia Yeah Do you say I don't know if he's underrated. I think they've rated him just right he's a good actor, but not like yeah He's not an unparational on right It doesn't get the recognition that some people think he deserved I think he gets more work now I don't think he's all that good I don't know let's see if he gets to the exactly the amount of record He's ready to do right he's mediocre and he gets a mediocre amount of attention But we'll put him on a pool underrated Andy Garcia 567.0.560. Let's see we got a few votes. Well, you may see his zoom to the top. That's nice to see because he's great He's got 10 very old men nine. It's quite a what you say he belongs on here. Lijay Cobb nine grind Cox five Phillipsy more hoppin for and none yet on the first 37 votes for him. Kronent head Levine or Ron Livingston where to hell then he's sneak in there from It's my vote mr. Livingston I presume a My heart about that WQA and hello Good morning. Yes, sir. Welcome to the jack program is rock solid a ride rock solid Listen to like like a poor marksman this administration just can't seem to hit the target. It's amazing That turns out that eight of the nine eleven high-checkers were aided by the Iranian government Right somewhere another and let's go get that those my parents over there in Iran now their next Well, let's follow record said what do you say or just both I know the weekend sounds good Everyone tell me man. Yeah, yeah, yeah Pally U.S. Media kill story that Iraq prop Prime Minister executed six prisoners. We don't want to talk about this doing Yeah U.S. Media is surprisingly failed to pick up the shocking disclosure by Sydney morning Harold Osirate his leading newspaper But if you rank you Prime Minister E. O. LAWA personally executed six suspected insurgents In a bagged-ed police station The story by award-winning Australian journalist Paul McMigau said that the prisoners were handcuffed and blindfolded Line up against the courtyard wall and shot by the rakeep Dr. Arawia's leds to told us around him that he wanted to send a clear message to the police How to deal with insurgents two people leds their witness to killings and there were also claims that the Iraqi Interior Minister and former American men were present as well And I'm lined up against the wall Flying full of that up in He said the polar gun proceeded to shoot at he only killed six of the seven there were seven them Six of them died the seventh was wounded in the chest, but he's still he's still hanging on Just like going across it and they keep him hanging on now. What he said something like that Think with let's hear it for CBS. I never thought I'd say it Let's hear it for CBS because Viacom ain't copresent and CBS Chairman Leslie Moonvae's vow on Sunday to fight any fines Levitt against CBS on TV stations for airing Janet Jackson's Respiring Super Bowl for Formus in February The booby track. By the way our booby trap is still going strong on our website. You'll be pleased to know In defined remarks the television critics that their annual summer meeting Moonvae said the government's crackdown on an In decency on the away since Jackson's notorious flash of nudity on his network is coming Deen he was like close to infringing on free speed Dangerously close. Don't get too carried away now. Yes He said the notion of finding stations for airing the live Super Bowl halftime telecast on February 1 is Patently ridiculous and we're not gonna stand for it. How do you like that? We're not we're gonna take it up to the courts if that happens he said when asked about Media reports that the FCC has proposed fines totally 550 grant against 20 CBS own stations over the Super Bowl telecast Services said the 227 affiliate stations that air the show but are not owned by vodka Would be spirit fines on the FCC recommendations the NFL champions if only is most watched any broadcast new It brutally 90 million viewers and of course almost all of them on the seetime a Brady Jackson's costume was ripped away by duet partner Justin Tinkerbell briefly exposing her breast Exposing your breast briefly. Oh my god at the end of a provocative halftime dance number that concluded with the lyric I've got to have you naked by the end of the song The incident ignited a public outcry the led to an FCC probe Congressional action the stiff and fines for broadcast in decency and industry by most of curtail Sexless flissomaterial on TV and radio CBS and its sister cable and I'm using network mtv which produced a halftime show have insisted They didn't know an advance about what Tinkerbell's called a wall wardrobe malfunction CBS has since its due to a five second delay most of its live events yada yada yada Moomba said he was hopeful that another frequent target of FCC action shocked yaka word stirring What we knew is concrete with infinity the via communites indicates is radio show yada yada Let's say here's one from stuttering gill and homestead who also says I have no line chronic He says all this talk all the time is really making me sick it's like those religious people forcing their BS on you Are you really gonna keep your finger off the drops in no you don't understand you start a ring Yo, I'm not gonna be here Because they may be not for I couldn't refuse. They said because I told them I said you have a choice I'm not gonna sit here during the press conference and not planning drop-ins or you can let me go I'd want to win over the things starts and I'll just take off early and the clearance would out in the broom closet had a little conversation with a broom end with himself and came back in and said okay But I three hours show. I'll do the mark right that's it Cuz stuttering gill says I would be listening for your drop-ins off the track talk We can make an amusing and entertaining which is something that clarists didn't know squat about amusing and entertaining Because this is not nearly as important as the serious stuff having new is a sports Okay sports and sports and sports and sports and store and guys are where jack straps So carrots is a perfect fit see that's why that's why Duff was never the appropriate program to record for that radio station He's too much of like Arnold would say a girly man But with parents of course parents is a real girly man too, but nevertheless one at least for things to be a jacks nipper and I believe when he says it He's got his head so far up just I asked that it's just scary might require a team of Exhumators to get his head out of there, you know it's the luckers. Yeah, but just the lockers Man I Wouldn't be surprised that if you got close to currency and snipped him he might even smell like that right now, you know what I'm saying So what do you think right out? No 19 to 11 at five 60 WQM your intensive station for the new millennium baby. We got check up the ass Let me tell you right now about our good friends a dry concept When comes having your carpet cleaned your furniture at drapery those expensive area in oriental rugs You can play Russian will let go of any yellow pages and call anybody in there and not a good idea You're probably gonna get ripped off in a crappy job too Or you can slap home a bunch of happy equipment from the supermarket and mess up your floors and get aggravated But do the smart thing like I've been doing for over 20 years called dry concept today and really Do a fantastic job of making your carpeting and all the things in your home look just like brand new They actually do a dry cleaning method on your carpet the same idea is done on your clothing Which sucks out even the dirt weight on in there deep in your five or two your carpet making them look just like brand new when they get done They smell like many fresh they grind a couple of hours and it looks like you had brand new laid right on your floor So even really really can clean today and enter to attain tonight like I just started to say with over 20 years of continuous Service and soft 40 you know these are people who can trust in fact You can trust them so much because they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing a work No-where-poss no games just a fantastic guarantee job every time and when you call our friends It dry concepts be sure and ask them to put you understand by list which will save the universe to 15% off They're already unbeatable deal call them toll free today 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 their best in the universe 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 check them on a web at dryconcephs.com Off we go this instant Here as X-Four large fans and I love him in France My boy That His new flick it is full of tricks to your be a sick cuz it picks on George W All right My pick number number one and then when it's done won't be fun boys will be school Teas hat you meant their emotions was from John Kerry Michael mortgage There is Bigicz in us girl his piece will last an hour you can dance All the fun news were like is to be moved and annoying But it's clear, it's there to be a fate in the rim, Michael Murray. That's 47 at 5.50, WQAM, you are a pro of the end of time, for eternity, for the Shaxhack. 70 votes on the poll, that's all we got, because probably been in there looking for his not in our year, but in our big hurry, we got plenty of time. We got right up until Shaxh speaks, and I used that term loosely. 70 votes, most overrated, underrated actor of all time, Gary Olman 18, where he made space he 15, Lee J. Cobble 11, please to see that, I'm amazed must be let old first like me, huh? Must it. Answer the question, Father Perinoia. Brian Kahn said, Philipsy Moore Hoffman 7, Shaxh 4, over was it? Shaxh 4, already. For what? Nuts. John Q Stag 4, Hume Croton 1. In fact, the current still in this morning, his fantasy, is he would like to make Shaxh Hume Croton 1, Rod LeBesden 1, Andy Garcia 1, and Ted Levington have any out of the first 70 votes. That's Shaxh. That's why? That's Shaxh. That's Shaxh. The Shaxh. The Ted Levington doesn't have any votes yet. Let's see, Andy, what is this thing you just sent me? Turn right. Oh, this is the thing about the, yeah, there's the link if you want to go see more of it. I can't tell. I don't want to see this again about the humanity of Ortizia, cut out of the cell. I have that whole thing. About all the Syrian people on the plane, is that what this is? Yeah. And got up and acted suspicious and there nothing happened. What something happens is let us know, all right? And if you see any Syrians in the waiting area, therefore just a hall last and go home. Kind of like Muff, hall last and get out of there. Here's one more reason, not to eat a Kentucky fried chicken. You don't eat their do you know? And I should mention, who's the food bringing in today? Johnny Rockets. Johnny Rockets bring in food today. They're catering to the Iran Juxtile, such as it is today because we got to get out of here for a little later on. Johnny Rockets. I never heard of Johnny Rockets. Relatively new. And he could have almost a good if you, big for very food from the money here, right? Anybody else wants to bring in free food? And in fact, even a burger king people sent Georgia bunch of coupons, because he ripped them in ash on a year. And if you used them, boy, that's going to be very, very good to use them. For what? Coachers? Yeah, I have a family in it. Yeah. That's right. I like any of it, family. Growing up in it. Right. An animal rights group plans to release a video tape showing slaughterhouse workers with a KFC corpse supplier jumping on live chickens and slamming them into walls apparently for fun on newspaper reported Tuesday. Ready for that? I thought that was to turtuturize them. After KFC officials saw the video tape yesterday, they said they would seek to smistle of the workers inspect the slaughterhouse more often and end their relationship if the cruelty was repeated the New York Times reported. That was, it was like we said to Ted Bundy, if you did that one more time, we're going to get tough with it. Now, just open up the window and hop out of here and we'll catch again. We'll catch you later. A spokeswoman for the KFC unit of Louisville, Kentucky based Yama Brands Inc. We've quoted by the newspaper saying the fast food chain wouldn't tolerate this type of behavior in the video. Pilgrim is pride-corrupted the owner of the slaughterhouse number two as poultry processes said it was appalled by the video tape the New York Times said. The video tape included sounds of birds screeching. Oh god, that Brian Andrews thing. See, it was my second powers again. Can you believe it? Birds screeching. As they were thrown into walls by workers, his loud music flared into background according to the newspaper. The tape was shot suraptically by an investigator for Pita. Here's the Chigarette Wood pile for people for the ethical treatment of animals and organizations that we just despise. Pita? Yeah. At a program's Pride Plant in Morphield, West Virginia, which won KFC supplier of the year award 1997. They do chickens right. They investigated work to the plant from October 2003. In fact, wasn't that the movie with Jerry Butler where he was doing it? I think it was a turkey, don't know how to chicken. Did we see that? No, I didn't. Good. Well, he was stuffing it. It was Thanksgiving time. The investigator worked at a plant for my October 2003 to make 2000. For Pita said it played a video available on the group's website today. Ooh. Representatives from me on brands in Pilgrim's Pride, were not immediately available to comment their appalled, their a gas. And they're really, but they're going to be listening at one when Chuck is going to be on the day with a big press conference. See, one thing you don't understand, pirates, were the entertainment physicists who were here to amuse and form a little bit to have a good time. You have people a little diversion and perversion. That's what we're here for. Now who's coming? You don't know how to entertain them. Huh? Now who's being naive? Cake. Right. Man, just disgusting. Here, the old man's got 21. We may space 16. I just mentioned that in passing. Most other way to the actor of all time. Boy, they the cop, you are really. I have no life. Losing it. WQAM, hello. Meal? Yes, sir. I got one for your folder. All ready? John Favro. John Favro? Yeah, you know what that guy is? He's the guy from Swingers? Never saw Swingers. I'm sorry. I've never seen him. Okay, how about Jim Roth? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, I had a kind of off there before we're like dumped another 5% on us. Thank you. How about John Kazell? Okay. Was that his name? That's his name? Frate did. Right. Right, oh. And he was also, he was in a lot of good movies. So, Dave, dog, they have to know him. And it's a, an, it's a, an, it's a. Can nobody ever talks about him very much, huh? They are. Good actor. Yes, he was. Outstanding actor. He didn't say enough Hail Mary. When we went out fishing, but it was pretty good. What the hell did it? Yeah. Thank you, Hannah. The thing's not too smart. That might give me money. But go, I'm smart, and I want this. Thanks. Yeah. Get some respect for Frate. How about you're easy for your poll today, Sus Alex? What are you saying? Sure. Great. It's kind of easy. Well, what is it about the Chinese people that travel in Dahtak? So, what is it about? A tiger ball is a rider horse. No, no, seriously. Why not Chinese travel in these large groups? I don't, there are, of course, there's a video of them. So, I guess, social. They, they like each other. Evidently a lot, that's why I'm going to diswriting them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on it. Did this whole thing today is surreal? I mean, if you two emulate, more Howard David, it came his head. It's a little dirty. In honor of, yeah. Yeah. She had the clean man, and he, uh, whisk her on it. Oh, he's like, he's like a light-complexed Tracecraft for now. He's like, you will bread like an ancient blue-brinner. Also, he matches Mike now. Mike? Mad, bad, Mike. In sales. Oh, all mad, Mike, in sales. Yeah. Crazy, Mike. There is some, well, we got to catch the characters, or what? Absolutely. Mad, Mike. Anybody knows where the QM studio is, we're about 8, 30 in a morning. Every morning, you'll see a ball of the guy nervously pacing in a parking lot. Conflating his navelins, the smoking up the storm. That's mad, Mike, okay? Not to be confused with Mike, the Mad, master-bader who used to be in sales, uh, five, six years. Remember him? Yeah, I do. Oh, yeah. When you say that, master-bader, in this building, though, you got to narrow it down. It used to be a spend a lot of time in the T-room. I don't even remember. Well, maybe he liked team. Maybe he was trying to use too. Or Japanese. WQM, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. I got to go on the, I, a guy that should probably recognize the name Keith David. Keith David? He does the black dude from Requiem for a dream. Oh, yeah, he's great. Yeah, he's been in a ton of stuff. He's his own and some pieces of crap too, but he's a good guy. He's a good actor, you know, underrated. Yeah, I'm sorry. Excellent choice. Thanks. And don't forget. Oh, Jack. Jack. Jack, of course. See ya. Ha ha ha. Jack. Yeah. Oh, listen, I'm Tonya. You thought Jimmy and Danny was good. You thought that that was a little bit overkill on his radio station. You ain't heard nothing yet. Yeah. Like I said, we got, uh, coming out of every pouring our body now, or at least some people in a building do. A bunch of screw-in is just really, uh, Jones in for that. You know, I can't see what that is anyway. And now, what in the day we could say about you? Just, uh, take a roll. That thing that Roy left around. Oh, yeah. Yeah. She is just, uh, poised. So to speak. Right. Good foie. Yeah. She is just poised to make a movie. You know what I mean? A little screw-in. Oh, are you sure? Yeah. Oh, there we go. Four minutes before 11 at five. I've said you want to. We sure have a good time for a screw-up place. We have a good time because now we, it took a long time, but we finally developed the right attitude. Just give us the friggin' money, okay? Just like we say to the clients, just give us the money. Don't expect anything else. That's all. That'd be, that'd be more than enough. Oh, God. Four minutes before the hour, don't forget coming up today of one o'clock or surely thereafter, we got the big press conference, the big nose. Hey, guess what? The money he got. Sure. As if it's like a bulletin or something. I want to see what he'm gonna say. That's amazing. Important? No. No. That's why we could add some fun with that. We could have spruce it and juice it up a little bit. Oh, no. We don't want to do that. You don't understand. This is very serious business, Neil. David, don't want to. Yeah. What a joke. Anyway, when you're moving or renovating, that's the best time to dial 100 mantras. Make that first night in your dream house, heavenly with a brand new tap-quality and name brand mattress from dial a mattress. You put the date and time for delivery to fit your move in schedule. And dial a mattress is on time 99.7% of the time. Nobody anywhere has got a better selection of queen and king size mattress sets ready for a minute to deliver than dial a mattress. When you call 1800 mattress right now, you get a great mattress at a discount price. dial a mattress right, no matter what all in customers set a specs, they were winners of the 2004 better business for your old local torture and the most expensive excellence award. When you call 1800 mattress, you'll choose to make complete line of seaweed, surd a king coil Simmons temper-pita and stir its a banana's foster. Everybody in QA including yours truly, we always call 1800 mattress for our beds and you ought to be doing the same. Log out at our website, mattress.com or give them a call right now, and 1800 mattress and have a great night sleep as soon as tonight on a great new bed from dial a mattress. 1800 mattress or dial a mattress, the easiest possible way to get to a great night's sleep for a long time to come. 1700 mats AR es. 6.4 T1 Y7 Shannon, I proper? got your hand. But. That is correct. I said, you can't watch my life! I said, you can't watch my life! Come and do it alone! I said, you can't watch my life! I said, you can't watch my life! Look who's here! It's Shak! I don't care about any you people. I just stand your money! Shak! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Think of me there give me your money $4.00 I got it Like my credit cards Don't forget those of you who are poop pulling all the shack business that he's gonna be paying a lot of our bills pretty soon That's gonna be this while I'm here and I got a crazy electric bill this month on the counter to heat just said it right on it There you go. I mean the temperature not that I see not to be a basketball team not making The earth and it was much a great robber's over there that the mayor of penis pecania Cooked up that backdoor deal to build that phony balloon you're reenered on there that nobody wants to go to except the smooths But now they don't have to just smooth. I naturally watched the game because we got yeah, we us Top star Britney Spears is teodin the fire duct. She's threatening to sue the New York Post if the tabloid fails to retract a story about the singer Boosing it up in public last week the paper splashed a photo of spirit drinking from a miniature bottle with a headline Britney hits the bottle rock solid. Yeah A story inside said the beverage appeared to be whiskey, but spears alcohol Spears attorney said the singer was drinking a drinking ginseng and an alcoholic herbal tonic You obviously seen this story. You talk about yesterday. No, oh The clerk at a store in Venice, California where spirit shopped his backing her story. He says Brittany bought a bottle of gin singing a can of red bull and energy boosts your both are non-alcoholic beverages U.S. State and they reports that spirit attorney attends to file a lawsuit against the post in the stories right or less The paper immediately is using a proper retracting apology and financial settlement So in other words, all they really love them to do is just say I apologize post editor Carl Allen said the newspaper decided to run the picture after being assured by the bargaret and photo agency Then his spirit was consuming a mini bottle of Glen Glen live at whiskey What's that? Tell you Glen live at whiskey corn USA today earlier this month the post was embarrassed by one page story that said John Kerry It shows and dickjeep heart is running made Subsequently we were for Murdoch was said he was the source for the aroma of story the post tonight. He was a radio Whatever and he wants to say I apologize What a mess poor little Brittany. I she's got serious problems And what have we bad eyesight is one of them yeah that taste five six seven oh five 60 She said the gin soup of the bed tasting or mouth. That's what this queen always said to about bro Dominic who am hello I'm the voice of the kids. I want to talk about stacking rabbit people being Oh, he's my favorite All right, let's get him to one or two are today. Okay. Let's just let's just forget about that damn press conference Yeah forget about it Oh, here's a good one any from pepper pines is about Martin Landau outstanding That's exactly the kind of person we're talking about right from men is actor great talent But always overlooked I mean never considered that a partial on a really great actors Concentration like to not just on fish and impossible either no at all great movies Such as a lady any Right, I know you didn't like the movie, but he did great job. No, I didn't say it like the movie I just said it was about an hour and a half too long I mean once you saw the first Eddie help me come help me. I love fellow We go see our lunch on a death what's not to like but it's always who just yes that no, he never seen any of his own movies Really can't stand it To self-conscious No, that's what he says He was kind of self-conscious when I had him on the show at Zay the bed morning You were in the car in Adam and he was unconscious he had that leather jacket on boy. He sure looked good anyway Oh, speak of that Kids dangles from meat hooks for fun. How do you like that? I rock you a little bit bored out there if you're main Model is I have no line here something for you to do Law enforcement officials in the Florida Keys are mystified by a bizarre new past time have you heard about this? No, but please tell me how it's done young people dangling themselves from meat hooks on a popular sandbar Are US Coast guards folks will men said Sunday that the Monroe County Sheriff's Office and a Coast Guard And Coast Guard were called on July 12th of December off whale harbour in Alamurata where people say wild behaviors becoming a tradition They found that five young people are elected a bamboo tri-fiden hung me hooks from it a young woman her feet brushing the surface of the shallow water dangles from the frame hooks embedded firmly in her shoulders According to a Coast Guard video, she didn't seem to mind the hooks Lieutenant Tom Brzele the Coast Guard told a key wife citizen newspaper that a young man Who also had hooks embedded in his heavily pierced and tattooed skin or sure? And the group was just enjoying the afternoon. Oh Grow test a Coast Guard spokeswoman in my amissed the group had clearly done this before intended to post photos of themselves on a website dedicated to Body modification the rich realistic piercing of the body it looked like a daily routine for them She said adding that the hooks have been inserted in the skin in a professional manner and it drawn very little blood Well, thank goodness for that mother as long as they weren't creating any kind of roughness or right within a crowd They really weren't breaking any laws. You said the Coast Guard passed a video on the federal justice authorities, but no further actual be taken They passed them on the federal authorities for what So that they could be stopped people having a good time got to stop it I see the meat hook police are coming to a place near you. Okay to a sandbar near you. So watch your crab Gary Olman's got 35 what he makes macy's got Most underweighted actor and look who's moving up the list fast. What a surprise He's got 17. Would you come 15? I mean, DJ Kobe sure is how was no that's for damn sure Brian Cox 13 Philip Cymour. Hoppin 12 John Q. Sac 11 Andy Garcia's god nine Gary Sinesee 4 humcronon 2 Ted Levine's got a pair. Right. I'll ever send two John Fabro one Martin Landau one and Keep David don't have any out of the first 154 votes. We're starting to get some votes now that we're getting some names on there And they're excited. Yes, Glenn live it as an expensive single malt Scotch which is squishy Or thanks a lot her Something that I'm sure you're a can't afford join QAmen of our lives that the North Miami Beach Alhouse picking a boos in it up at three a 32 27 north east under 63rd Street staff out of one prizes from Billy tomorrow In the Mermaid's it's a Marlins watch party starting at seven the night at the North Miami Beach Alhouse everybody gets a free watch. No, it's good free world life just kidding Watch it watch this WQM hello This is the BQM. Yes, sir. I'll speak the mail. Speaking Neil. Yes, I like that on here. Paul. You might go ahead I'll fill it off for them and I can't remember the guy from the finals because it's the cousin who he killed I'm a Chevy Steve machine me. Yeah. There you go. Okay. Thanks, probably Steve machine me. We really want to put him under is he underrated Uh Yeah, and who's the first when he said Billy Bob Thornton who's gonna be Bob Thornton not afraid it he got such a ray we've used right out of the box It's not even funny. Okay, so let's give this go only one man Got it Steve Bushettie Steve Bushettie Steve Bushettie 567. Oh five 60 pound five so Johnny Deff never seen any of his own movies. That is a shocker to me Never saw a nightmare on an old street partly that never did a good thought that he saw That embarrassed them and did not see none of the others don't want to Marco. Oh good plan. Don't see that Yeah, but Marlon Brando's in it Doesn't matter how come nobody's mentioned Marlon Brando for the polo is is a name is that would be it's like they've the cops say and I have no line Gene Hackman boy you were right But luckily so far we haven't had many of those because the audience is too whipped up about shot. They're too worried about that stuff They can be bothered with our pull Line lines added again. W. M. Hello Speaking This is I'm coming from a glance I want to get off my Call how about Jerry for me. He's on there Jerry's needs are young and we're about Steve Bushettie I got a good idea. What about what about that? That's good. I give it to you Well, the guys that land okay give it break. He's got a lot of stress. He's supposed to be listening on the internet or an accent He is listening on the on XM Yeah, that chance hey listen. It's just a matter of time Maybe if they write me that one big final check because they are just dying now that we got we got the only ball game in time Maybe we got balls big big things you see was man We got the balls even whether done a Shalately likes it or that's why we want all sports all the time No more this fun and games crap here in the midday no more these number one ratings anymore no more bringing these millions of dollars We want to get the ball games back on there. Let's get the books to increase more back on what do you say? Let's get Joe's a ganky on there. That's the guy for mid days Terrence you are an imbistoman, but thanks for all the free time off. I like it Just get that check in the mail from Monday He is really a case, you know what he is really something else. Hey, so what crap? Oh, I thought you were going to say after 11 and five so you see WCM, but we better move it along. You know we've got a really short show today because we got Shot coming up for you And of course, I want to clock Because they're always saying even clerks warmly several times he says they've ever started on time So we're gonna have a little time to fill in there before because I'm not leaving until after it starts And then I'm gonna zoom out to hear faster than even ducks zoom out of that room this morning. What were you in there when he went flying out? Yeah, what was that all about What what do you mean? He didn't use spend his usual time bonding. He just said how you doing? And then now all of a sudden he just he says well Terrence has the stage or something or has the one? I figured that clerks had already used up the quota of your bonding time. You're really fun. Oh You think that was interesting. There was a little bit of paranoia there. He didn't want to hold you over. I see Think maybe he didn't want to be the object of my ramp. Hey, listen. There's no racking. No, no rat no hand no bacon I'm really excited about him. Hey, Brad. In fact, we can figure out a way for Nick we got the next two Thursdays We got those leaked With Marlon games early 12 30 what are we gonna do for next two day? I got an idea. Let's play the extra news conference again. Nice Tuesday. It knew what do you say? All right And then we have a panel of our experts come in analyze it. It came Volker wherever he gets back from Orlando where they sent him off to go visit What's his name shot and then came to find out that was in Miami already. He had a turnaround and a turn tail on come right back for Kimba And when you shop for quality food where I know exactly where you ought to be going Brandy shoes in pop out of baits the largest election Of men's and women's shoes the best service the best prices in town anywhere That's why so many people have been shopping a brandy for a very very long time And Brandy's will find the top names in the shoe business not some off-brands like you do in some stores They carry only the best rock port floor shine S.A.S. spirit timber naturalizer and lots more and with Brandy's humongous election chances are affect Algorithm to your current's his life on it. That exactly the style you're looking for is on a shelf in your size Where does slap on your big smelly feet? Brandy's open daily Monday through Saturday from 9.09 Sunday's 10.5 will find a bit 12.9 you know if that will have a pop at Obeet It's always worth a trip no matter where you are all this wicked Brandy's. It's a red tank sales event Take 50% off on selected pairs of men's women's famous brands right now So coming to Brandy's or check them out of the web at brandys shoes.com 6th 2 a What on the computer? I watch you type in do it 940 sports 940 fox sports dot com, okay? Got it Yeah, I got it and what is it? I got nothing actually 940 sports dot com and get anything all right how about super talk 940 dot com Type it in Click it on whoa I got a bunch of wing things Fuck it in and hold it The USA company and my spider holds now they turn me over to a racicum throw But if the American don't keep me safe Pretty soon to go on the be one more grave is your heart Yeah, he is your heart As soon as they put me in the dark I will cross in the jail as a rat rock solid my people can hardly wait to make me pay Just like they did with a thing who's there only one way to try and over my post Call Johnny Cagremore mark here goes to your heart Yeah, they come to your heart Yeah, my friend is the luck They get to the jail house Baby, you might look he I can cover me Baby, I can even see the same thing I must have been crazy to get into this war which like right to still don't know from Michael more here Rock yeah, he is the rock My head will so be on the block and I will die in the jail as a rock Die in the jail as a rock Try in the jail What you call that beside the jar that thing it's on it. What is that the Language is there is it's handscript we call it wing things. It's it's symbols it's different stuff But mostly it's just a big screw up. Yeah Kind of like don't you think there's something symbolic there? Super talk stupid talk 940 again just when air America is on a virtual like fading from the face of the planet With numbers that are so tiny their mist will be a compliment They stick it on there. I just want PD and David Ross you are really Imagined and creative to say the least I Team pass 11 at 5 60 W. if you have who do you think is the most underrated after a ball time movie's or TV Year old and 44 where you may see 40 lead J. Cobb 19 look who's got 19 also Yeah, because I know what I think of the lead J. Cobb I think of right alongside John Q. Stag 14 Brian Cox 14 12 seem more hoppin 13 and he Garcia 12 everybody else has got single there just how about porting Gary Sinisia on there Or Steve Abu Shimi oh Good WQM line 9 hello You know let me ask your question yeah, you've been on WQAM too long We know these people gonna realize that from 10 to two we don't want a year sports You don't write you're not ever gonna realize it we tune in to listen to you right that's it Why don't they take this shack and then replay and the sports you're listening That's not listen to the last five minutes of Joe Rose before I hear your show There you go Why not tape because they never know what it's gonna start anyway They could tape it they could you know edited all the dead spots out of there and put it out What it makes some sense but then again, I would make too much sense Yeah, that and I've got to listen the first the last five minutes of Joe before your show comes off and now they got the big Oh Someone in for and that's the course Yeah, but don't forget he locks solid. Oh, yeah, that's right. I know another Don't forget about shack type. Okay There's a unhappy customer for your clearance. Okay, the new Rogers audience doesn't want to hear about How do you like that? But I'd be more than happy to take off in our early any day I mean back in the day I would like to protest and put up a big sticker about this But I don't to play that game anymore I don't care if they want to think put on the Chinese sports for all I care I don't what a wager for crap. They smell like dogs. That's what I'm hearing Monday travel and packs They they're social creatures they like dogs. Yeah, that's it 5 670 560 don't be messing with our sports and certainly do not be messing with you because this is the biggest thing to happen Come to town in fact it flip mows wing Shaved and said clean man Like a lunatic like a silly old fool which he is of course In honor of Coming to town. I Don't I don't I don't they they doesn't it doesn't phase me in the least I have no interest I didn't have any interest before I couldn't care less about the heat about the NBA about about about any any of those people I mean at least at Lou Alcindor who then later became Karim Abdul Jabbar at least he was funny in the airplane Right he was actually he was great Surprisingly who to think it there you go But I mean is he funny is he amusing is he really an actor? Oh, he mean anything to any of us now So forget about it. Parents to grow up you silly Chuck now you know why I'm not right running out of there Because he thought I was gonna go into a big rant like that, but I don't I just don't care anymore Just give me the money WQAM hello Rott him down Who? Rott him now he's looking ready. Oh, Ron you make down he's still dead by the way Oh, yeah, they would you Jimmy Danny, please okay. You got it. Hey Rott him. I tell she's dead. She was a screamer. I'm sure that's no surprise. She you think a flamer Rott him it down. He's he's been pretty good actor though. Yeah, what just fine He was in the plan of the apes. Yes, he was that Gallup and don't be making no comment now about the great ape. Okay, today is not today to be doing that Because we don't want to get any basketball players upset I would never And certainly been a lot of good parents. Let's see here's one that says if I guess it'd be included Brian Cox and You might as well put on everyone's list. Oh Jay. Now he's not an underrated actor. He couldn't act as well out of a paper sack But I like John Volushi better and for fun when I was a rattle ragan Ronald Reagan was not an underrated actor He was a horrible actor and John Volushi will you say he was underrated? No and was John Volushi an actor really I mean Yeah, he was on movies. He was highly rated as a comic and right that said he was rated just right right So nice ride there a gene your a gene sends me occasionally some really good facts This is out This is not water. Okay, nobody's perfect gene. I would like to say hi gene is in the taking quick shower 567.0560 palm 560 on the AT&T and see in Verizon wireless line that Robert Gripper call I'm just it's just the tinkles my fancy, you know it just it just it raises me that guy I think he's got his thumb right on the pulse of what's going on if you weigh in that's what's going on probably it is I call they hate you Clarence okay they can't stand you you're a silly person you're a silly silly silly person W Q and hello. Hey, how you doing today pretty good. I like to start off with a shack Okay, and for good measure I was done a throw in a Jimmy and Danny, but the guy before me said that How about Robert's evolved I don't think he's underrated He never seems to get quite the recognition I think see I would agree with him but George will throw it help pitch a fit if we put him on it because Johnny rockets I think he's absolutely one of the finest actors. I agree with he's he's sensational Yeah, hey now that's mine and don't pray don't forget Have a nice day no Oh See I should be putting a little bit more that Yeah Oh yeah, and after that exactly matter fact Robby ball makes more sense for the pole tent does Gary oldman if you ask me Okay, let's go Robert to ball on there. I love Robert to ball. I think he's just sensational and One movie of course that nobody ever talks about that he did was network Right I Well, why not I don't know is it is it striking too close to home about the horse crap media that we got is it that Patty Trasky was way ahead of his time Is it that they're too embarrassed like the people in channel 7 to talk about their hysterical mouth reading news is that what it's all about yes, oh Well, let's put him on there Robert to ball fantastic sensation actor We got it if you would go out in the street corner and answer the top 20 actors of all time Very few people probably would say Robert do ball so it may be better point. Let's put him on it We're like him a lot can't do it Sally 26 past 11 at 5 16 w q a I've been telling about a laser recharge the toner recharge Carcard specialist for the past few weeks a lot of you called 1 800 28 7 90 to 12 and you saved a lot of money and you're printing it off his equipment supplies For those of you who haven't called what should be waiting for a laser recharge is Got all the things you're looking for ink jets thermo carbon paper supplies they provide service support and maintenance For most makes and models of machines to make them run just like brand new again When you call 1 800 to 8 7 90 to 12 You'll deal with just Bob the solar has been supply businesses and software with what they need most cases within 24 hours A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges is compared to depot pricing and Keep in mind that all the cartridges sold by a laser recharge are re-manufactured Not refilled anybody can sell you cheap. We feel cartridge, but you get what you pay for so don't take a piece of crap We manufacture cartridges are the only smart way to go a laser carries a complete line of cartridges for printers Copiers and faxes along with brother and zero ox drums to a laser recharge is probably an individual live service Not for you. No questions asked satisfaction guarantee So if you need toner cartridges anything else along the line call pickup that phone call just Bob a laser recharge toll free 1 800 to 8 7 92 12 that's 1 800 to 8 7 9 2 1 2 or check them on the web at a laser recharge dot com I don't get how many day go get you what great fall cumbersome. I don't know what work I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something my craft mitt friend I'm gonna make so much hope you you'll know what it was come a lawyer. I have not threatened I don't almost every take lawyer in New York who the hell are you? Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny We have a mobile from near-em-r hello Yeah, give me and Danny Danny and Danny Jimmy and Danny After more about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley alms of hotments wherever you're Foughton comes with its own frigid a truck. It's 1132 20 to noon. Well, we're better like speed it up crank it up baby Talk after yeah Peter Fox somebody said no you probably would say all That underrated huh? That's perfect for the poll yeah exactly tremendous actor race challenge and the nobody would say oh yeah, he's one of the great actors of all time You have taken seriously by a lot of people right that's because he didn't a lot more than just columbo Yes, he did so we'll keep an eye out for how he's doing on the pool Somebody says please put JT wall shone a poll outbreak the negotiator sling blade Who won good choice? Bar alley anyway Gary, I cannot carry younger he used to play hockey for the Detroit Red wings Craig hunger in that book the house of Postion house of sod Sout When we got the host around our website we got all kinds of great stuff on our website. I'm working feverishly on that website and by the way I told you it'd be for the show today poop pool and guys who play slot machines Yeah, not poop pool anymore. Are you mister? I told you the most money I ever one was playing slots Piper crit yeah, bang But anyway For grand yesterday, it would buy slots with my casino for $1,000 baby And man when that thing came up they paid me the money I I flew out of there was like a horsewood blinder's I wasn't looking to my left wasn't looking to my right because the problem in a casino is when he hit something no matter what it is You always have this tendency to linger Right, yeah, that's how they go linger because then you'll sit around you I think I'm gonna play a little bit here just a little bit And you can just walk away just kind of like mucked this morning. She flew right out of there Anyway, just a few little short paragraphs here from Craig on girlfriend that book he says In this part of relationship between version of the Saudis and the private sector the Saudis had supported George W. Bush's drug main oil company Harkin energy and in the 90s they made common cause with his father by investing in the Carlisle group In the 91 Gulf War the Saudis and the elder bush had fought side by side and now there was the repatriation of the bin Laden's which could not have taken place without approval from the highest levels of the executive branch of George W his administration Only Bush in Banda are know what transpired the day on the Truman balcony, but the times between the two families were so strong That allowing the Saudis leave America would have not been difficult for Bush It would also have been a character with a relationship in which decisions were often made to elaborate and Contraved the liability mechanisms that allowed the principles to turn a blind eye to one Singly we alleys and to be intentionally out of the loop the ties between the two families were an open secret that in some ways was as obvious as The proverbial elephant in the living room give it the same time with somehow hard to discern even for the most seasoned journalists perhaps that was because the relationship had been forged all over the globe and Arctochross different errors from the Reagan Bush years to the Clinton administration to the press and receive George's W to understand its scope and its meaning or one would have to search through tens of thousands of forgotten newspaper stories Read scores of books by journalist and historians and study myriad secret classified documents and records of barely Remembered congressional probes of corporate intrigue and Byzantine government scandals One would have to journey back to the time of the birth of al Qaeda as a terrorist training camp during the Afghan war One would have to study a ran Iraq war of the 80s the 91 Gulf War in the Iraq War of 2003 One would have to try to deduce what had happened within the corporate sweet civil war in Zendales and Houston in the executive offices of the Carl Al Group in the situation Room of the White House and in the grand-world palaces of Saudi veianaires One would have to interview scores of politicians or executives counterterrorism analysts CIA operatives and businessmen from Washington and Saudi Arabia and Texas One would have to decipher brilliantly hidden agendas and purposefully murky corporate relationships Finally one would have to put all this information together to shape a continuum a narrative in which the house of Bush and the House of Soad dominated the world states together in one era after another Having done so one could come to a singular inescapable conclusion namely that horrifying as it sounds the secret relationship between these two great families helped to trigger the age of terror and give rise to the tragedy of 911 I just mentioned in passing goes most people are gonna read the book or the whole article or whatever or whatever Even though I realize that has nothing to do with anything like that Let's see Christopher walking The best act was that he had nothing to do with Robert Wagner's wife drowning. That's cute. We take Christopher walking the fact that's done. I'll do the song about him, didn't he? Yes, he did Luber Hill Then Andrew is now there's a good actor. Yeah From the chronic and cocoa integrated actors in Andrews he was in a lot of movies died 1992 was 83 We're gonna prayer stay fair. Oh stay fair with Pat Blul was in that end of what's your name? Surely surely surely a partridge surely leaders Huh surely the claim now surely what's your name from the partridge family? surely Jones I know it's a tough name a Walk in the sun best years of our lives airport 1975 the last Titan. I wasn't at the one it was OG and it Wasn't he in more than one he was in a bunch of him he was running fast in those days the last Titan cool Nalas Taran about the 8 million more in the tons of TV Also as president the screen actors go from 63 to 65 Dana Andrews you got it we got We even end a highlight front time actor minso Florida 5 6 7 0 5 60 palm 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvel Slon searching for the most underrated actor movies or TV of all time Gary old and 49 what it made to make C45 and Look who's got 26 and third place rock. Oh man what an actor Meja Cobb 20 John 2 sack 18 Andy Garcia 16 Ryan cox 16 Philipsy more hopman 16 Gary Sunisi 10 Steve was she me nine Who's shemmy sorry what about that's like bandiesel Robert Duball a Martin land out six Rodlinston five him cronon two he's dead Ted Levine two Irving our Levine don't have any yet Keith David tube John Fabros got one and none yet For what him Roddy McDonnelly she ain't too happy about that wasn't that will be called fright night that he was in it was Yeah Peter Faulkman and JT walls and they just went on there 251 votes we started to get a couple of votes on there slowly but surely Take your time relax Just sit back Take a deep breath and wait for the excitement certain certain very soon Starting in carton with cartman Join QM and a Marlins tonight the North Miami Beach, L house 32 27 northeast 150 third streets stop out of wind prices Traumability of Marlins and the more maids if you do win something say hey and you got something better than this craft It's a Marlins watch party starting at seven o'clock tonight at the North Miami Beach, L house and I probably say no Okay, my Oh, I'm so you're so big Wilson to another decision of his I'd like please fordoles Dressed and nasal mist is our guest today Y'all trade yo, what do you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed and worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire Existence and your ability to catch a ball. I don't know what I've been told with a big leg of woman I got no soul what's your take on over and under and the under of the over of the underwear? I don't know what I've been told but if they've legged woman I got no no and and what's your take on those rumors lying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those NCIs But and they say you're getting close to sign in that contract I don't know what I've been told but a big leg of woman and got no soul tell us more about your charitable work for Under privilege children helping to improve their mathematics skills through showings and how to properly weigh crack rock I don't know what I've been told but a big leg of woman and got no soul We will be back with more Insights lifeless fort holes But what does that have to do with exactly? Look 25 at five sixty wq. I'm speaking to that thing about this the Saudis Yeah, what law makers here does the House of Representatives ordered last Thursday Discript financial assistance for Saudi Arabia from a foreign aid bill because of criticism that the country has not been sufficiently cooperative in the US war on terror to say the least The vote was a sting defeat for the Bush administration which had strongly opposed the measure saying it would severely undermine Counterterrorism cooperation with the with Saudi Arabia and US efforts for peace in the Middle East I don't want my taxpayer dollars going to the Saudis. I don't want anybody else's to say the madam democratic representative Shelley Berkeley supporters of the measure also argued that with Saudi Arabia's massive wealth from ownership of our fourth of the world's Provin hall reserves the kingdom shouldn't need financially from the US amen scroll Amen Call of that. Don't be like going out in the street corner saying hey, I'm taking up a collection here for Donald Trump Right yeah or Exactly we should not give him a money if although he will be paying a lot of our bills Boy, I may be using cash I wouldn't be surprised as he clearance Standing out on the corner of 441 lives very well with little 10 cups in cash for a shot, please And then of course, I'll just pocket it. I think he's a a fag myself Shack no clearance I was just thinking about that during the break. I'm convinced Anybody that's the intensive juxtapher that he is there's just no way normal people Well, I mean there is no such thing as normal people, but I mean just your average run the mill your to Yeah person No matter what their persuasion might be isn't so obsessed with like guys snappy each other when he asked with Tows in a lot of them and all of these things. He's just a little or here's a good one for the poll Plus how well does he's getting close to probably Our program direction never got laid Allegedly has a girlfriend, but I think remember that one day he had where he would like sniffing around the armpit or whatever Turned up like that better yeah, but not that one not the one that he bit and that is definitely a bit better And that was his idea of romance, but at any rate, um, I'd call it just his guide peers We I pierced yes outstanding actor, Momento LA confidential the kind of money crystal time machine The new term machine But wait, I was mighty crystal parents not Chris go Yeah, he's a little mighty pony five six seven oh five 60 pound five six the on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line We're just here killing some time while the world waits for the big breathless announcement about which we already know what it is See my idea my idea about a press conference usually is to like Tell some information the public does not already know you will also to make an announcement like Oh, yes, what we just we just did this or this does happen or something that to inform us, you know to educate us to inform us to Use us to alarm us, but what is that that we don't already know about right the fact that he's got a big big bald head And effected he's making millions and millions of dollars way too much money and effected he's like in our particular bed and the fact that he's signed with a heat Okay, what else that's it What what do you need Never have enough material about that's for the am sure on Q amp and now that we're the only sports voice in a market aside from that silly Bananas foster guy, but there nobody curl curl Perkins whatever his name is We have an obligation because we don't want to get ripped by Barry Jackass and Jim Sarty and a papers tomorrow So oh my god, what's his name? Yeah, that's his name had a press conference in the sports so-called sports station didn't even carry it They just had that fact you flag on era screwing around What is this? Another I can't even read it from the editor that somebody said oh I don't have thanks anyway, I have time for it. Okay, I do have time for this though From the independent from a Brit newspaper wouldn't you know it Young male prisoners were filmed being sawed amized by American soldiers at the Abu Ghar red prison your bag dead according to the journalists who first revealed the abuses there Some of the stuff is from a few days ago and like on our website everywhere, but what you're only doing Tuesday and Thursday after catch up See more herster reported on the torture the prisoners in New York or magazine in magasunin magasunin may told an audience in San Francisco that it's worse But again, then he would reveal the extended abuses. I'm not done reporting on all this. He told a meeting of the ACLU He said the boys were sat amized with a cameras rolling and the worst part is the soundtrack of the boy shrieking and this is your government at rear This is your government at war. He accused the western administration and all but accused President and motion by Spurson and change of complicity in covering up what he called war crimes and his usual he is No kidding a sonning her stress in peace 5 6 7 0 5 16 only a little about now where to go here. This is bad Actually, this is good Can we start it at noon? Can we start that important press conference in noon because I'm sure that every man woman in Child even some of the pets out there that are listening in a background want to hear all a can about you I mean what more is life all about right you know you could loop that bit Yeah, what do you think I'm gonna do it one o'clock Sorry laughing about didn't mean to ruin this I already suggested that I'm starting to know him because he says to me He says oh, you know, well these things never start on time So I said well, then what are we doing it one o'clock what's the plan? What's the plan? And but it be better but I'm well you just you know continue right up and and we got we'll be communicating with the And they'll let Josh court is no from a control room when we got somebody ready standing by probably Rock solid he'll be there of course breathlessly silly person that he is And we got all who else have we got down there at the arena Zack all Zack and yeah And check and check and check and check and check all right wouldn't you know it and probably they're doing a little track Who's Back home parents Anyway, were you gonna say Jeff the girls out there with the van The yellow is there with the van Doing what The yellow is that the yellow is if a Mickey Erreston Alice Peas panella arena there Would have been to see we're here. We're here. We're making a presence. We're all about sports What a sports people. We're not gonna let you down. Yeah, oh brother that is hey look there isn't it Fans have already turned out at the Triple A to buy the jerky for the big Z phone number 32 Diesel You didn't know you got it with a ful? I thought this was about a check not about Jan and Reno. The big diesel? Yeah, they probably came to the big diesel. So we might say that Moist replaced his hair piece with a diesel and now he's on the diesel. That's his nickname, the diesel? Yeah, you didn't never never heard that. Of course I don't know if I never heard it because I don't pay attention to the NBA. Not for me. It's not for old white guys like me. I don't care about it. By the way, remember that crazy person that I know. A white guy like me and our Boccuses smoked those big cigars. Why? Remember that crazy person that was sending the 100-page facts this morning and wouldn't see us? They haven't stopped. Why not? I don't have a return. What is it about? I've sent two. That same thing that you didn't want to talk about about the guy, the the Arab, with the orange jumpsuit, the conspiracy thing? They kill, sending the six-page facts over. That interests it. Save it. Can it? Okay. If I send it over to you, maybe you can read some of it during his press conference today. So the whole world can find out about it. Good. Got Almighty. So we got Zack and Zack. Now that. Why didn't somebody tell me that earlier? I can just hear that fit now. You think that the one shot. You think this one is still good to be. It's great. But wait till you hear the Zack and Zack. And wouldn't surprise me if we can still play that and watch your back sack. I don't think there's anything in it, is it? Yeah, that's never guaranteed though, is that found out? Yeah. Did you see all ratings in the West book? Yeah, I know it's from Sunny. You're a good person. I don't care if I'm from Man. What's your back sack? You're a little way from Old No. Old No. Old No. Old No. You're a little way from Old No. Old No. I got it. I got to think about it. I'm not getting right there. And then I don't need a rating because I'm minus 6. Don't care what you do. I'm just going to get away from the little hot of the guest too. Well, it's a good start. There's a lot of best pretutions, you know. That's right. What's the back sack? What do you want? Wait for those little little little... No, no, no, no, no. What's the back sack? What do you want? Wait for those little little... Yeah, I think that one is centered too. I could have played the whole thing, but we don't want to like... We don't have a lot of time. Zack and Zack come up at that one a clock. That's just... that is so sweet. 560560, pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Our pull question today. We got Kate Hudson on our behind-the-beating curtain such as she is. She's okay. For what? We've had worse on there. We've had worse working on that one. Yes, who? I don't know. I'd have to do some research. Not lately. Maybe about 20, 30 years ago. About 30 minutes? Yeah. Then why did you pick her then? She's... make it. Or else sort of. You can see them and she's playing. No, she's not even naked. I mean, just see the... you can see the nipples behind it. They wear them. They wear them. Other people like her, so for that. There you go. Let me take a puke at it again. Okay. Take a look. I'm clicking on there. John Ashcroft has been the eyes of Roland Ront. See what they'll see. See what they'll see. Huh? See what those mosquito bites are? Her boobs are behind them. She's... okay. She's not that bad. You're... she's okay. She's got another one. Yeah. And her face to that. Right. I know which one was that Japanese model, or whoever that one was we hit on there. We had a Japanese model. Oh, Lucy Lou, you don't like her. Oh, I think she got me a break. Gag me with a spoon and a prune. You got a pro idea how big she is. So what's the reason? Oh, he's a... So, Nelson, Elsey, the board and Count's got a big pair of two. You want to... Give me... you guys a big pair. You guys have a big pair, man. She doesn't have a big pair. She's flat. No, and I'm not agree with you. She's not much to do about that. Then what are you saying? She's... she's big as in. She's popular. The guy is a like her. So huge. So, the... So, the McDonald's is big too. And then, of course, you eat that burger king. How is that cramped on a rock? You put it's great. Johnny, you brought it over by the Dubu Duped. Everybody, including the... how did I sick people who never shared with us? Excellent. We loved Johnny Rockins. Anyway, that brings free food to QM. We love you like crazy. Except, of course, for people that we can't stand like Smith and Wulanski. But thanks for that nice silverware. It was expensive and good stuff. And also, that place that went out of business that Fatboy brought in that day. Remember? Yeah, with a Wilster D'Letters. That was nice red, sweet meat. Do, man. And of course, the burger king certificate's George Wulfee, this family. You won't go with them. But he'll just give Mr. Tivikets. Right? All the story I was reading these facts about it. Here he is. Right. WQA and hello. Hey, alcohol milk. Yes. Hey, dude. It's my birthday, alcohol milk. Really? Yes, you happen to have the birthday jingle. No, just relax. Don't get pushing out. Stop. Thank you. I appreciate it. And it's being my birthday sir. I must make a request. Um, by the way, I'm a fan. Exactly. No, this is the question to make a bit for Bokeb Ryan. If Bokeb Ryan can get the theme from shafts and have Goldie say, Shaq instead of Shaq, that would be hilarious. Well, I think he's done. He's done. Done. I've not heard him. Sorry. No, he's not played. Just done. I got you. Love you both. Sure. Okay. I say hi to you. When you get a chance. Okay. Don't forget. 157 at 5.60. WQA. If you're telling you about this low carb epidemic that's going on, are you like me and have tried to shop for it? Try to cook for it? And then see this is not good. Try to shop for it because we got the lights on here. We got to cross that out, right? Cross it. I crossed that out because, you know, we got the choice of stratiter. Step it on other people's toes. We don't want to be doing that. Try to cook for it. That low carb epidemic. And then wasted the money. He did the food and didn't even get to results. And you've heard us talk about balance for life for a long time. Now, will they come up with an unbelievable unbelievable. Unbelievable. Way to afford the program for five dollars off the regular daily price. So this is not a special. This is for real. A lifetime membership to balance for life. Any time you want to enjoy the service, you can resign it to membership price. What if I told you that you could have the company prepare your three meals in two snacks every day? What if I told you that all the meals are based on the successful zone diet, doctor, bury in the Jay Sears? What if I told you that they'll even deliver right your doorstep? What if I told you they give you a menu so you can make your own choices by the way that the only company that does that? What if I told you that you will lose weight? That you will lower your cholesterol? That you will lower your blood pressure? That this will help your diabetes? I know what sounds to be the true but it is true because a lot of people are doing great on it. People on balance for life are losing an average of 15 pounds per month and you can lose 15 pounds I'm sure in fact like maybe on your finger. So why wait? Call right now if you fail for all the other programs this may be what you're looking for. Call 1-866-225-4543. That's 1-866-2254543 or get more info on your website balance for life.com. 5-666-566-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-66-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-466-366-366-366-366-366-466-466-366-366-466-366-366-466-366-366-366-366-366-466-366-366-366-366-366-466-466-366-466-466-367-466-466-366-466-466-366-466-366-366-366-366-366-366-366-66-466-366-166-366-366-466-466-466-466-366-566-466-466-466-366.V Blon I don't understand what the hell I don't roam. All right, most people, I got lots of birthdays during the county. You know what people like to give me things like this here Pepsi Twist, a twist on a great thing. Oh, my God, I'm going to be on the other side. Right, right, right, right, right, right. Anyway, drink Pepsi. I'm just a normal 18 year old high school student who just happens to drive a 50,000 dollar. I'm going to have to drink with you every night. Where's the diamond here inside of us small child? It's right, look at this. I'm going to hate you, right? Because every kid's big kids, wicked. Think they're big, right? I don't get to hold big things, chicken wings. I may still go to college. I got some of the older way to take this one. And unnamed school, that's nestled in the blue grass area. That's it! Open the penthouse of Parmille, open house paradise. And a lot of times, the description's you're breadhouse magazine. I've been here offering like a theme bag in his deal. He's not the institution in the heart of the triple hill area. Which will go our name. They be honored to have me. They have boxed up and sent to me a naked Russian woman that rep from Russia. Which I keep from my old boy, right? I haven't unpacked it yet, but she's knocking his screaming and whatnot. I have my boy time right here, puts it in the garage with my box of pooper and from a unnamed university. Closing his sociated with a whole green. Man, it's Harry Potter! Hey, Harry Potter! Hey, Harry Potter! I'm gonna ride this feeling over. Anyway, I got to get back to class now with my boys. I'm not gonna know. We gotta go again. I don't even miss like three months old for. I just filled my Pepsi twist on my new Hugo Boss. Look at this, I got a little McDonald special sauce on there. Oh, by the way, come on, I'm party. It was a big Mac. We're for a limited time. You visit one party, Spade McDowner's in by Big Mac. You can know if it's 35 cents. Hey, you're playing for a second. Hey, you're playing for a second. Hey, you're playing for a second. Yeah, yeah, peace out. The pursuit has been paid for by Slip Locker and on the name of university in the Nutmeg state. And Def Comedy Jam. Well, you know when you came right down to, we don't want to talk about that too much. Why don't you want to know why? We go, we go, we make give them a swell head. That's why that'd be swell. Come on five and five, 60 WC, you have less than an hour away from that big moment that you've been waiting for, maybe a second check. Fox News is used to the slogan Fair and Balance constitutes the set of advertising to political advocacy groups, claim the yesterday. In a position five with the FTC. Liberal move on dot org and historically nonpartisan common cause of surp that Fox News reports are deliberately and consistently distorted and twisted to promote the Republican party of the US and an extreme right-wing view point. Allegiance consumer fraud to complaint calls for the FTC to order Fox News consistently the highest rate of the cable movement that we're facing to this is from using the slogan. Our renaubergante of Fox News spoke from until the AP that while this is clearly a transparent publicity stunt, we recognize all forms of free speech and wish them well. In a statement later Monday FTC chairman Timothy Muiris indicated the petition has got a little chance. I'm not aware of any instance in which the FTC is investigated the slogan of a news organization. There is no way to evaluate this petition without a right away in the content of the news at issue. That is a test of first amendment, at least in the American people not a government agency, but Charlie Pingray, president of common cause and the legal actions were consistent with the first amendment. Fox has no obligation on it to a lot of be firm balance just not to market itself as firm balance. He said after press conference, I'd better to that press conference actually told somebody something. You think so anyway. After a press conference announcing the petition members of Muiris' move on dot org and common cause March to the Fox News headquarters to hand out DVDs of the recent documentary out Fox, which alleges a pattern or right-wing bias which the net was reporting, citing statements by former Fox employees and internal memos and all of these things. All of these things. Exactly. I'd like that. Fair and promise my ass. Is it all? No, this all. Yeah. I couldn't wait for you to come up. Oh no. I just picked a, a facts off the machine there. What? What? Yeah. What? Is it? Greg from Port St. Lucy has been a long time since I've talked to her facts to you. Thank God. We have a ten-plus year history. Some good, more bad. But even though I can only hear a small bit from your show living up here in Port St. Lucy, I'm still a huge fan. Go away, Greg, please. I have no life. The reason for this letter, and I thought we resolved the issue two years ago. I still find it inappropriate that you've started to do your show in your underwork. Please put some clothes on. PS1 when you and Jack begin to get it. Oh, so lame. So tragic. So pathetic. What is your problem, Greg? I'm dying of the hair. Yeah. Alex Pinello's will present Jack a key to the county and declare today, Shaquille O'Neal Day. Oh, baby. Shaquille O'Neal Rogers is that it? I certainly hope that he doesn't find this show inappropriate because then we're in deep trouble. A lot of other people over here, including the Catholic Church and some other O'Journe provocateur Graham, and finally showing appropriate and somehow I've survived. But God forbid if, don't take the humor in his show, then we're in deep due to even though we don't care that he seems on his radio station. And probably never will. Do we have the heat on his schedule? Yeah, they just added. Yeah, just added a mind. We don't have that in the games. We're just going to play a shot. That bit for like two hours. What a game might be going on. How sad. Sorry, as you and idiot man, you're a sin for a little, uh, panzy is what you are. Who do you think is the most underrated actor TV or will we's of all time? We got 353 votes? Not overwhelming, but they're starting to find some names under that they can write to. Gary Oldman 56 as in Q 56. Now, Clarice put the Q in Q 56. Q? Will you make May 50? Look who's got 34. Wow. Robert Duval 28. Yeah, that Robert Duval, he ain't no shackle kneel. John Q. 27, Lee J. Cobb 24, Steve Buscham is got 20. Till of C more help in 20. Any Garcia 19, Brian Cox 19, Gary's an easy 18. Christopher Walk in 12, Martin Landau's got 10. Robert Livingston 5, keep David 3, him quote in 3 and after that it's like, Peter Faulk has never any. How's that possible? Dana Andrews, G.T. Walls, Peter Faulk, they got the big. Oh, for a long solid. They are Rocks all of it. WQA and Hello. You know, yes sir. Just a little fire for the most odis more. He said, you know, appreciation or shackle coming here. I've shaped my head. No. You know, lie. I swear he said it this morning. More Howard David? Yeah. I'll be there. We've been talking about that all day. Plus. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. So when he probably just tuned in, man, to be so, you know, stuff like Mr. Fortress. He's trying to be a good guy. He's on his lunch hour. Just call us in with little spy report there about mold. Absolutely. What about it? I don't know. I heard something about him and check. Chuck. And then some shaving. Yeah. They're shaving it. It's a crack. WQA and Hello. How about the hell an arch of the pole? Alan Arkin? Mm-hmm. Okay. It sounds like a winner to me. Thank you. It took me so short, man. He was lucky. He knows that his full might be attacked by the CIA. Huh? Or was this a first? This is a reverse of showing us guys at the time. Planet smart. Just in case the attack is going, you'll want to get it traced. That's a speaker we're going to like an, like an a little register. You know, kind of like Chuck. Yeah. He speaks in a little register. I don't know. I never heard him speak out a lot of times. I hear a speaker. I don't know. Thinking at the stroke of midnight could finally become a fair show. Yeah. You have a bucket of words that Chuck. Well, what was that? It's on Channel 4, I guess. Oh, I see. Channel 6 everything. And we speak to you, man. Oh, and other words they do have a pre-check because you have no idea. It started at 11. It started at 11. Holy moly. Oh, my God. You could pinch yourself Thursday. Oh, I got a headache. My head is spinning. Like a Dratle. Like a Dratle on acid. Right now, this week we saw a little full of the stairs of this association. I wanted to. You have got to be Schmidt and me, you know. I think you have shut up. Let's see on Leafs Lushes. They're talking about Chuck. Harrison between two clubs. Let's get some from Carl's in here first. Well, kick it off today. Was Shane. How are you doing? Doing well. See, if Shane talks about Chuck. All right. Blake can't go for can. He should be. He's about a beautiful sentence. How do you like that? They're talking about hockey on Leafs TV. Well, I guess that makes sense. The whole is that. Fire is it's broken. And Nashville comes up to tell us it's Greg Johnson. Now, dear side, he's got David Leibron. Oh, you know who talks to their teeth like Josh Cortez does. Who are no kidder? Yes. He talks to her teeth. He does. He does. Jesus, super. Of course that's the least of her problems. I know. Why she did a lot of drugs. You know, they all did those days back in the day. They did a lot of drugs. Is that like now? Well, I got a spitting a drugs. Don't let me forget when I come back. Yeah, I keep reminding you. You always know. Seriously, new cholesterol advice, tainted question mark from a CBS news. Very moving important today. I keep trying to tell these people don't get sucked in. Don't get sucked in by these doctors who are like getting all these free trips and all this crap from their detail men. All of this garbage. All of these ads on TV. They want your money. It's like every two, three months. Oh, well, we find out that truck that's really good for you. Or a tomato sauce is really good to get in the prostate cans of all this other crap. And then you find out that the study that they're quoting somewhere was paid for by, you know, by the hines people. Oh, sorry, sorry. And it's not a mess or what? She's really a mess. Oh, she's 80 and she's had all that surgery to make her look 60. She is like shaggy dog. Seriously, every time I see her, they were coming off the plane. It can't paint the other day. Carried his wife and she's trying to like, Matt the hair back then. Yeah. I think she, I think a mole lost his piece of Teresa. I think she's got it on. I'm just going to look at what he got. No, okay. I had a line, but you know, I know back in the day you might have thought about saying it. But especially after getting your hands up, I'm right here today. After getting the spanking from off. By the way, Josh, you better not let anything slip through on your dog because not your entice. You've got to spank you. That's what I heard. 1214 already at 560 WC. We're getting close to that shot. Yeah, we're getting close to a baby. He's been smelling it. The best piece in town or your money back. That's the guarantee. The best piece or your money back at the loft. Jeff Cohen, chef at owner and O'Jump of Akaturth, the piece of opera, sprung to your entice. You're going to be so aesthetic with the food of the piece of loft that he guarantees it's the best in town or give you your money back. That's right. The best piece in town or your money back. I think the lowest thing ever heard of was when the rumors heard me do this spot. And they went in there, ate for free and then wanted their money back when they got done. What else is there? After 2070 years in South Florida, pizza loft is under reputation for quality food and service. Far beyond expectations in your ordinary, just pizza retaliating joint. This is quite a place. Jeff and vice of the staff by the pizza loft. They take them up on his offer for the best piece in town. And I guarantee I'll bet your carousel's life on it again. That should become one of the many, many regulars at the pizza loft. Fantastic, gigantic portions, fresh delicious food, everything cooked to order. Nothing soggy. The best garlic rolls anywhere all your favorite pasta dishes. Three different kinds of weight pizza as well as. Whole wheat pizza and whole wheat pasta now too. Pizza loft there in the pizza loft, Plaza Dave University, Drive a mouth out of 595 between 595 different rows right behind. Pier one in four slots of free parking. Pizza loft is open seven days a week for lunch and dinner. And they delivered a most of South West Broward to. For take up delivery catering called the World Famous Pizza loft at nine 5 4 91688 80. That's 954 91688 80 for the World Famous Pizza loft. How many are money back what until? What's the name of this business? What's the name of this business? What's the name of this business? And now a word from Howard Dees wife. Say tell her, hand-actor Judas Steinberg's wife and presidential candidate Howard Dees. You can call me Judy. Now judge Judy that's a different rescat. People are to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard. Hey, if you get a good look at me in Iowa, I see the crap out of myself. I make profit this and I look like a shane of pool. Stop me if I'm from Barney or too much here to share. Anyway how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it. No, I say that's a bunch of mission gas. For those of you who don't take a piece to you, this that means crap. That's a good guy though he's what you might call a loose cannon. He's got a pretty bad temper on him. I remember one time when the right kids left the cap off of the twist based. I thought he was going to blow a gasket. The veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were born in the corners of his mouth. Even Machuga, I spent 23 years with his shagots. Most of the time he's a manch, but on occasion I hate him. I think my husband Howard would make for a very good president. One of the things I'm a little peo about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV. I'm on a watch section of the city. I got a shot down to campaign headquarters, also the Crogors to watch on some tiny black and white set. I have never seen any program in color. So I know Jackie Kennedy. Hell if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't wear makeup. I'm like a whisker away from being amish. Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign. The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints. Anyway, because that's what Dr. Julie Steinberg has. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay, and I worked pretty well. Funny pass, no. That's when he started going on a crapper. He led her out of the group. I was like, a lot of people think it was when he did the black crapper. When he really started going on the tank with when she came popping up. This broom held her whatever the hell her name is. With a rag mop on her head. She is really, we want all that money to reset. Yeah. I wonder which one of them 50, seven for Ronnie. She's got, I'm just taking a look at something on my thing here. An email. It's quite beautiful. And that what? Oh yeah, I've got to get to search for it. It's just that people email me stuff during the show that as far as like a Significor reply, which I don't have time to be crapping around with. It's okay. I'm trying to do a make believe radio show here until the shot comes on. So they're actually carrying on on the tube for hours and hours and hours. And I was about to forget that anymore. They're talking to my dog. God, you've got to be kidding me. I'm a nice, nice person. Dice store people on the street. Little Oles who never heard a shot much less basketball. Yeah. And nothing, what even the and why and nothing. Most of the heart disease experts who urge more people to take cholesterol lowering drugs this week have made money from the company selling those medicines. How do you like that? The consumer groups on Friday blasted the new cholesterol guidelines as being tainted by the influence of major pharmaceuticals that make drugs such as Zokor, lipitor, protocol and all the rest. Last year drug makers are in $26 billion worldwide on cholesterol away medicines. The top selling class of drugs. The new guidelines issued yesterday by the American Heart Association, the new federal and federal government were aimed at preventing heart attacks. They were written by none of the countries that was last Monday, not only countries top cholesterol experts, and at least six of received consulting or speaking fees, research money, or other support for makers of the most widely used anti-cholesterol drugs. And did you notice that the stuff that they did propaganda they put out last week said, oh, get your cholesterol down as low as possible. Get it way, way, way down there. Yeah. Well, I've read that if you're cholesterol, if you're overall cholesterol numbers are the one-40, pretty soon you're going to be saying. I'm dying on the hand. And these guys again part of the summer camp here, or should yellow hand. It's like, yeah, it's just, yeah. Just start to show a little horse and thuggy boring ass town, so I'll Florida is because if this is what they're making such a big timmace about, uh, heaven help you. That's all I can tell you, okay? Better you than me. Although we do have the raptors. And we have the blue jays. And they're equally, you see? A lot of the birds. And then the argos don't forget about that. And the torros coming up too, whatever their name is going to be the new WHA. I'm sure Josh is right up today on that. Ooh. Even Florida's got a team. I don't know what their name is. There's a Florida team with the WHA ever gets off the ground, which it might if the NHL actually gets a lot count as you and doesn't play. There's W's there for women? Yeah. Maybe you know, maybe you can broadcast the WHA game. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. A Florida's rights group is accusing state investigators of intimidating elderly black voters while looking at a possible ballot fraud in the disputed Orlando mayor's race. What he does reelection in March 9th has been dog by accusations of fraud. The voter protection coalition said FDLE agents while contacting people who's absentee ballots are in a question revealed their side arm, spokeswoman Alma Gonzalez said Friday. You can't do that to old black people. They're not going to have a vote for the vote. And in fact, it's seen law enforcement utilized in this kind of intimidating harassing way to the civil rights movement. Gonzalez said also the coalition believes the investigation that our campaign workers for the get off the vote. If it's by accident, he ballot's disenfranchises minorities. The coalition is asking the US commission on civil rights to counter-faith formal investigation. I don't know if that's right. Of course, that would be pretty unusual to disseminating black people in election in Florida when that people are unusual. Never heard of such a thing. Right. Fans, they're your Antoine and Danny. And Jimmy and Ben Antoine and Jimmy and Danny and of course. Don't forget, we're going to have it for you right here live, maybe on QA because we're sports intensive. We're not going to let you get any bunch of entertainment or for quality get in the way of the important stuff. Which of course is that that's it got it got it. Very old men 50 said we got a good horse race going on here. Me one with all this other crap going on the shack crap and the black. Darioman 57 most underrated actor of all time TV or movies when you may face you 55 so that's a battle. And look, isn't there place with 36 votes? Shocking unit. It's all checking on the counter that cause they Robert Duval 33 John Q. 28 lead J. Cobb 24. Gary Sinesee 24. Steve Bushemmi 22 Brian Cox 21. The actor not the football player. Phillips team were hotman 21. Andy Garcia. Yeah, remember Andy Garcia and got five to three. Joey. Zazaz. You're my walley, Hanna see. Hey, the a finish line's over here walley this way. Christopher Walken 17 Martin Land up 10 everybody else single digits small potatoes but we get some more names on there. 560 50 50 65 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line QA and hello. Hey, you're like that. You're a pole. I can't believe nobody's called on this. You're very own Kim Polk Emperor. Me, me, what does it was that mean? As a fact, one of the underrated actors. Rock solid. And he is that. And they got that big cow from Dan Dow's up from the dealership. We'll say that for you. Do you have any reason? Any idea? Any other standing any, maybe just I have no line. He was in aged Ventura. That's ready. What? I forgot all about that. We apologize, okay. Sorry. We forgot. Leave it to Josh. Remember a great movie like that. I apologize. You don't like Ace Ventura? Come on. They're both good movies. Didn't see him. I thought I'd like to carry. There were no lines. No, I like that. That's what Christian carry on the map. Let me see it again. Didn't see Ace Ventura. Don't mind me. I didn't see cable man. Then Reader was in it. Table guy. But it wasn't that good. I didn't see most of the Jim Carrier movies. I liked Jim Carrier. He wrote his movies. He's the most of them. You only need to see two. The Ace Ventura. Yeah. Petitexive? Yeah. I apologize. I'm going to go out and buy him right now. Can we go right to the... I apologize, Jim. I'm going to buy several copies of several DVDs. They were the South Park movies. And I'll go buy some DVDs so that you're Greg up there and poor scene loosely. We won't have to worry about what I'm wearing here. Isn't that incredible? No, it's very credible. So sad. You know what I think about the sad people is now. Ten years from circus. For a hundred years from my next... She was just still going to be sad. You've always said to yourself. You've always said to yourself. I have no life. Right. And then he shows up at the track. No, it's that time. Anyway. When you're moving around invading, that's the best possible time to dial 1-800 Memphis because you can make that first idea dream house heavily with a brand new Quality Name Brand Math or some dial a mattress. You picked it at the time for delivery to fit your move in schedule. And dial a mattress is on time 99.7% of the time. Nobody's got a better selection of Queen and King size mattress. That's ready for me to deliver the dial a mattress. When you call 1-800 mattress right now, you'll get a great mattress at a discount price. Dial a mattress is ranked number 1, a customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local threats of excellence award. And of course, you don't have to sluff around in the heat from place to place. When you know you can get the best deal from our friends at dial a mattress. When you call that toll free number, you'll choose some of the complete line of Seely, serve a King coil, Simmons tempered, and even Stearns and Foster Hewitt. Everybody at QN with a brain is called 1-800 mattress to their beds. You ought to be doing the same too. Here are two of yourself a great night's sleep for years to come with one easy phone call. No slept around, no getting all swed up, no wasting a lot of time in gas. Just call 1-800 mattress, there'll be no time at all. 1-800-MATT-RES or online, it's mattress.com. 1-800-MELO. Drill a sports wedding of thanks to the two-way yen. We're done. We're done. We're done. It's been a 10-8-10, shoot was in the news. We spent this time on the golf course. Look at the clues. Now it's back to 10, can't you shut up. Spirouac is spent, a minute-eight, three-two-one, six-up. Still said he didn't do it, that's all a jay. But everybody knew who it, that's all a jay. The fun to get us through with is something this girl is still out there. So this is some 20-its-man ad, it's like, but she didn't cut our own ad on the way of the night, and it gets paid for dinner, views, meets the cash for this golf course. Oh, Jay, tell me, how is this church for the real killer golfing? This is my man. I've been looking at golf courses all across America, but I'll never be used to being honest by glass. I can't even find him yet, though. Why are you just looking at golf courses? Uh, that's mostly where I find myself on a golf course. Can you be anywhere else? No, I don't think so. They go man and go on course. Oh, Jay, it's just a great scene here, so he's busy with my billing code, be our agent. As he said, I made my job Clark Starrer, but she's lucky he did, and got her right behind me here. Still said he didn't do it, and so the jay, but everybody knew who it, and so Jay, the president you who knew it, and so today's the same. He's the loud dance. Yeah, but he's just small for today, but he's now his old news. Yesterday's news, today's news is you got it. You got it. Just his presence along is making a bigger impact probably than winning dinner now, by the end. Oh, man. I'm so glad that I'm up there. You have to see the scene. And what are we going to do with you, Jack? Oh, okay. I'll go get the butter. I made your parents a volunteer for that, Dully. Democrat. Democrats are enemies by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's use of the mocking term, Gurely men to describe some lawmakers, although it's ghosting for the governor said, no apology will be forthcoming, and here all of us were sitting waiting for him to say, I apologize. He didn't get going to do it. Or some people were going to take him up on his challenge. What? Oh, they're calling him a girly man, so some people Democrats are going to go beat him up. Oh, good. Even if he says, I apologize. Schwarzenegger dished out the insulted around these Saturdays. He claimed Democrats were delaying the budget by catering to special interest, Democrats protested. It remark was, uh, sexist and homophobic. How do you like that? I apologize. If they don't have the guts to come up here in front of you and say, I don't want to represent you. I don't want to represent those special interests. The unions, the trial lawyers. If they don't have the guts, I call them girly men. Schwarzenegger said that she was in crowd to do mall food courting on terriol, California, not Ontario, Canada, Ontario, California. The governor lifted the term from a long running Saturday night live, skittin which two pompous Schwarzenegger worshiping weightletives repeatedly using tomatoes and homophobic their standards of physical profession. They're girly men. It looks like shacks about to say something. Oh, you better open that pie. Our chairwoman at the board of County Commissioners. This is Alan. I'm here to remind you, County. You'll beg my mandate. Alan, you can use some. Yeah. It's a key. Normally if our dignitaries, but we believe you deserve a fake key. Because you're going to make a big impact in this community. You're going to help bring an MPH championship right here to Miami. So let me do it. The big key. The key of my mandate, County. Yeah. And welcome. Officially to our community. Pretty big key. Madam chairwoman. Yeah. Yeah. Now this bitch is going to say something. Who's that? Something nicely. Check in. And we want to check in. Check in. And we're taking the check in. Check in. Oh, children. Oh, children. Oh, children. It's great. They're never safe. Oh, children. Turn that off. Turn that off. Oh, man. Are you going to walk them up? No, I want some pancakes. Antimima comes to mind. What is that? You give it up. That's a good choice. Let's talk in. Check, talking. Almost. He wants a proud to make the noise. Wait. Speak. Good boy. Alright. Come on. I'm going to be. I said hello. I have it. They're dead as a door. That's right. Thank you. But what for me? I want you out of Memphis. Feeling right here. Everybody out here. Having a good time. Feeling like a team. Remember this. I'm going to bring a championship to Miami. I promise. Yeah. Action. So, so. You see the stars in a few months? I see you and I love you all. And let's get it going. A shock? Ha ha ha ha. Oh no. What was that? That was our preview of coming to traction. I think. Oh my god. That was just. Oh my god. Shacking. I'm going to be a great. Incredible. And anyway, I hope you folks are having one helmet time man. I hope you just have an ace. Sweletime. So I can say because we had him on the air right here on QM. Baby, each of your hardout clearance. Okay. We don't have a way for your bogus press conference there. And for that cranson between eating two or three lunches there. We had him right on here live exclusive on radio anyway. Because the other sports station Augustine on the air. So for that, the band is foster thing. They're probably playing Haitian melodies in between the paid sports shows right now on that thing anyway. So there you go. There was a little taste of what he had to come. I wouldn't she give. I thought she said chicken. I sure hope wasn't Kentucky fried because we know about those bad. Beaton and abuse chickens. Turned her. Yeah. Tenderized against the wall. I think she said. See him. Is that what she said? Oh man. I understand in barbecue place that the barbecue seemed. And chicken and stuff like that and read. I got news for her. What his money. He don't have to be mad. Okay. Beaton fill him in y'all and every day. Whatever he likes. I sure am on it. Yeah. That's a good joke. Oh, we're going to be so shack in season. We're going to have a chat coming out of your ears by the end of the day. If you stick with us, you're on Q.A.M. Clarence. You're such a mumbling little mighty corn man. You're a silly person. Oh, speak of that. Former professional hockey player. I'm sure you didn't talk about this yesterday. Did you? Did I talk about a hockey player yesterday? That's why I said it. Yeah. I'm going to try to get his agent killed as part of a plotted unravel when the would be hit man turned out to be a police informant. Former saying, Lewis, play or Mike Danton. Clearly guilty to murder for higher conspiracy charges could pay seven and ten years in the slimer when he sends October 22. Danton was to have been tried and September with code of defendant Katie Wolf Meyer and was scheduled for a pre-trail hearing next week. Then 23 in Wolf Meyer and 19 year old Colis Dune from the San Luis Severe. Face identical conspiracy charges with Wolf Meyer accused of trying to hire that would be killer offense agent David Frost. It would be killer eventually went to police. Frost was unharmed. Then's Vingeal. Ever since he was arrested April 16. What is his real name Mike? It's not Danton. It's whatever it is. I can't think of it. It's not here in the story. Anyway, they've talked about that endlessly here because they're hockey of Cessavir as opposed to there were there of Cessavir now, or at least only for a couple of days to look. They were it out. They have ordered out yet heavy. He owned a McGee Irish and President had coach by right. President former had coach by Riley. Sam Van Gundee. Thank you so much for bringing you to Kielone. Here to stop Florida. He is the playoff court. So he must still be feeling the effect. How to handle outguns and it's there where they think that they're going to get the back of the police. I didn't like that little hockey talk here. Well, to do it all, I check crap in South Florida. I really feel badly for you, okay? I feel bad that you have to be there in the midst of all of that. Thank you. I appreciate it. Mr. God. Mr. Cessavir. All the Mr. God. Twenty before one at five, 60, WPM, we got a short show today because we got the big shot. Press conference coming up near the top of the hour, or thereabouts. And then whenever it ends, George can come back. And you and Josh here can kind of like summarize everything that went on. We're going to repeat it. Analyze it. Dice. Right. We'll get some analite. Turn it inside a new expert analyst Curtis and Dave Haygan are going to turn it upside down. Spying it against the wall of a couple of times. We chew it. There you go. And have a good time doing it. I'll be having a good time at lunch. Twenty till one at five, 60 WPM is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs. Let Oasis outcourcing help you. When it comes to the people's idea of Venice, payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management, these are just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing company. Help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation at one, 866 at Oasis. That's one, 866, 286, 2747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many fastest human resource management. Outcourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which lets you focus on your core business. Why leave the operation and leave details to the folks at Oasis outsourcing. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable. If you want a free evaluation call, 1 866 at Oasis. That's one, 866, 286, 2747, 4 Oasis outsourcing. The next one, 866, 286, 2747, 4 Oasis outsourcing. The next one, 866, 2747, 4 Oasis outsourcing. Yes, it's set and it's not bad. I lied to the court, I thought it was the kind of ride that I did to the roundings today. Now that the classic set of wheels heats up, goes like a brotherhood lie to me. Now with the keys and tie, they give the grip and the cool band of guys, the diversine of architecture are bigger, they give this. We're not going on a journey with me, but it's just me. Y'all, it's very interesting. Shiny name and hell that's a little scary. Yo! I'm going to the back one time, I'm going to the back. Yeah. Wow! I'm so sorry. I'm going to the back one time, I'm going to the back one time. Yeah! That's a lot of crap. That's not a lot. That's not a lot. Right. Oh! I got my wind goes down. I'm not on the heart of the baby because they're busy. Don't look so late. It's very frustrating, most of these shots were failed. They just didn't do it. You were going to hold this time. I'm a back to you find that Shiny ground is a lot like lying. And thanks my coffee, Shiny two, because I think Washington went off a road. Don't worry. I forgot about a journey carried to me. The baby is stopping me. I'm so sure that the people in the old days think, Don't worry. First of all, I'm cheering to be a fan of the baby. The baby is stopping me. I'm going to the back. From 47 at 5.60 WCM and attention is building your almost smell it. It was better maybe to get a score to say too much of that lunch. For more of us it again. Shiny rockets. How come I can't take much of that lunch? We all go. They brought a tub. So we signed the burgers when else was there. Onion rings, fries, chili, fries. These onion rings really really really honest to God. Onion rings. Yeah. honest to God with real onions in them. Wow. Lightly battered as opposed to just as opposed to say Burger King. That gives it like those little golden crystal of a crisp of batter. And that's it. It was nothing that went inside. And they also brought like chicken sandwiches. Real chicken breast fillet sandwiches. These weren't the chickens that were smashed against the wall of KFC. They were tender but there were no cleat marks on it. Okay. Right. What else salads? They brought some chicken salads, big gut salads. All kinds of things. Now back in the day, I would have suggested that if you find those marks, those defining marks on a chicken they would have been called. Yeah, our fracks. But we can't say that now. No way. Twentracks. Right. Let's see what we got on the pole here. Now let's move away from that real fast. Let's fly away from that. Who do you think is the most underrated actor movies or TV of all time? William H. Macy has adsed in the first eye. Lovely. Macy. Right. Especially in Magnolia. Especially in everything. I mean, he's ever been in. He was seen. Right. 60 votes. Gary Olden 50 lines. So he's right on Bill Macy's ass. Which the role he played in Magnolia probably even enjoyed that. Robert Duval 46. And look who's in fourth place. Yeah. Although Robert Duval did hop over him, which must have been quite an accomplishment. John Q. 71. Steve Bushemies got 27. Gary Sinesee 25. Lee J. Cobb 24. Phillips-Symor Hoffman 23. Brian Cox and Christopher Walken 22. Andy Garcia 20 Martin Landau of 14. Ryan Livingston 6 Peter Falk 5. Keep David 4. Cum Cronen 4. J.T. Wall Street. Ted Levine's got two. Irving Arlevine still waiting. Ryan and McDonald's got a pair and they're shriveled. Dana Andrews 2. Guy Pierce has got two and John Faber was got one. So 445. Everybody's got at least one. Everybody's got at least one. 567. 560. Con 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good. I want to ask you this. Sorry boy. You know, he's embarrassed by it. I asked him. He's embarrassed. Yeah. Totally. I think the worst thing that he said to Shack was you can kiss my rear end. That was unacceptable. That was a little over the top. I know he's not too happy having to do all this crap. But when he looked at Martin and the face and said, You can kiss my rear end. Little over the top. 560. I just gave the number. Well, you know, I mean, I'm a little out of sync here because all this is staring in. And of course, not being there like jica would say I'm out of touch. Jica and town is you right about what's happening local. Oh, no. He's not in California getting winded by him and smoothed again. Who are you kidding little Tommy? You kidned anybody? Not us. WQAM. Hello. Good afternoon sir. Good afternoon to you. I don't know why I bothered coming back from BCA. This is sick. This is beyond sick. I know it. I mean, what is this? Basically having the wife. I mean, this is I'm unbelievable. I don't know why I have no life. Yeah. So anyways, if you have never gone to BCA and I don't know, I don't know if you think I've heard you say before you really need to get out there. That is a beautiful area. That's what I hear everybody says. It's yes. It's paradise. I mean, it is just unbelievable. One up to up to which we're going to have the 2010 Olympics. Right. And it is just unbelievable. I think we're here. It's smoking up there. It's what I'm hearing. Yeah. You got it. Okay. All right now. Take it out. Bye. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. The outsiders looking in and they say, oh my god, so I thought it was done again. Oh my god. They're making a bunch of fools of themselves. They're making a bunch of clowns of much of monkeys out of themselves down there. What is going on? Oh my god. Oh god. Oh. See. And this, I'm going to tell you right now. That's just because QAM is for six sports nerds. And all of the rest of the media is just as sick as we are. But it's because there were such a girth, such a lack of any kind of as earnest angely would say substance. Is neither one of us says that or is it what's it Vinnie Haley? I'm sorry. Different hairdo. Such a lack of substance, such a lack of anything. Nothing. Zero. It's like a vacuum. It's like a human cesspool. So no matter what it is, it's just overwhelmed. You know what it's to me and Danny, whether it's Jay and touchy, feely, whatever it is there. And by the way, hey, to break the news, the dolphins are going to really suck this here. I don't, I shouldn't say that probably. They're going to have a brutal year. I'm thinking like 7 and 9. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hey, do a body. Pretty good, pal. All right. Quick question for you. Jack here. Do you think they'll change the language back to English and Miami? This one, this he starts speaking it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, what does reading mean? Thank you, pal. You want to set up that one, man? Boy, you talk about the old soft serve. Even tiny and never left soft serve laying around like that. That was beautiful. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. All right. Jack and Kuzan. He's a number four on there right now. He's got 43 votes. Oh, Jack is already on there. He's a kick and ass. I have about Danny. Where he is? Where he is? He's a good actor. Jimmy and Danny. Danny and Jimmy. We got a shot. He's a fan. All about the fans of South Florida and with them, you're seen a con. Oh, how about Richard Conti? How many movies he's been in? The guy, five. And he was Barzini. Oh, that's right. Richard Conti. Great actor. I can't hear anything. Richard Conti. Who? Within it's light. Some Conti. Oh, that weight. Harry Conti. Harry Conti. Harry Conti. You're getting really that kind of thing. Harry Conti confused. And you're rickering him with Barzini, man. I said, no, no, no. It was Barzini all along. You're losing it. What's the kind of stuff? I think you're... Exactly. Good point. The Jones is actually visiting and found from Indiana. He's got lucky enough to be shot. Ah! Oh, right. Oh, I'm so jealous. He got lucky enough to see Shacka, but he's rubbing himself Roy. So excited about it. Oh, man. This is right here in Miami. I mean, I thought it was unbelievable. Did you get... It really is. I'm with... Unbelievable. Oh, great. Like all these things, right? I... I don't know whether they're laughing or crying to be honest with it. WQA. Not there on line five. Mark that down. WQA. Hello. Hey, hey, doing. Pretty good. Good. Listen, I got... Man, I just said let I got you. I got a name for the whole. Okay. Oh, I'm sorry, Uncle Shack. Yes, sir. Uh... Biggo Mortensen. Who? Biggo Mortensen. How you spell that? VIG. Oh. Biggo Mortensen. Right. Who knows that? He played the King in... In return in Lord of the Rings. Okay. And he's been in a lot of other good ones like prophecy with Christopher Walkin. Right. Did you see that? No. That was good. What does Manifarke's idea did? I didn't see that. That was good. He played Satan. Yeah. So, uh, put him on the pole. I just wanted to tell him when he goes to get. Okay, you got it. Thanks, Neil. Bye-bye. I'll give him a scumbag of any moment now. It's coming up, Chuck. Yeah, a moment, Charlie. So, pressure is building the excitement. It's coming to a crescendo. And are we going to learn anything? Yeah. Well, they're been using. We don't already know. Uh, is it worth carrying? Yeah. No, but I'd like to go into lunch in our way. It's nice. It kind of takes me back to those nine to one days. Those awful ugly nine to one days. Oh, yeah. We were following. Do it. To ball the. So, what do we call him now? He can't be, uh, curly. He... curly. How are you? I see. Curly. No, Moll Moll. Now we got curly. Sounds like a winner to me. And I'm thinking, or, Since everybody else wants to jump on a bandwagon, how about shackle and the arages? Okay. You could call Howard David, uh, uh, MoJack. Yeah. I think, Coach Jack. Uh-huh. I like curly, Howard better than it. Anyway, stick around, baby, because the big stuff is coming up soon. It's 256 in QA and it's going to get 10. I'm gonna get 10. I'm gonna get 10. You. Yes. You're gonna get 10. You. Yeah. Uh-huh. Okay, just got around. We're gonna have to invoke a ticket, so I've been all the women with painted lips around the pool. I listen to the new Rogers one to two of us. Yeah, I mean, I listen to the new Rogers here and balance one to two of ours. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What the good news is the score. One of our partners for the channel here is that the camera set up in Miami. Yeah. They just showed the, you know, everybody's waiting in anticipation for what? Oh, no, I think it's going to be so cute. Yeah. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look who's here. It's Chuck. Oh, you know, it's Chuck. Yeah. I don't care about any new people. I just spend your money. Yeah. Yeah. Chuck. Chuck. I see. Yeah. I love you. I see. Chuck. You know, my new thing told me. Now give me your money. You know. For all I see, this is just too full. I call my credit card. You take a 50. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Yeah. You don't need to eat. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Now the answer is, are we going to be going to Zap or straight to Shani? Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Go around. Oh, do we have a look? Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Yeah. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. You want to do it? Chuck. Chuck. I mean, think about me. I give me your money. Chuck. You know. I guess you play a problem with the credit card. You can break a 50. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Chuck. Get your marriage ready. Pied. I'm a daughter, and you can share yourhtach hate. Chuck. I'm a daughter. Chuck. Chuck. Get your whip on the second leg. Chuck. Chuck. All here. Chuck. I don't care about any youth people. I'd just spend your money. I don't care about any youth. I'd just spend your money. Chuck. I love you! That's a lot of love. Shut up! Don't mind me and think of me. Don't give me your money. I don't want to. Poor knowledge, you don't say you can share your two-players. Oh my credit card! You could break a 50. Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut your shit! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! You're the honest man. I believe in how you do what our program director is. The trash wanted me to leave and wanted me to go to an early life, Because once this press conference starts here, one of the people's rapping. So solid. Or like, what's in the background? Yeah. We're back. We forget about it. We're like, you're a great group. I don't care about any you people. I just spend your money. Shhh. Yeah. Sure. Nobody can say we're not the enshack intensive of us now. Yeah. I love you. I love you. You're my new single me. I'll take you on money. You're a four dollar, you know. That's a new single. Like, oh my credit card. Just take a picture of this one. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Sure. Yeah. Sure. Sure. Yeah. Sure. Oh, wait. This is the asses you and my meat. No, no. That's the asses. Oh, this is the asses. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. I don't care about any you people. I just spend your money. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I love you. I love you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Good. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Okay. Yeah. I don't care about any you people. I just spend your money. You're a man. You're a man. Think of me. I give you all my money. You're a man. I think your partner. I don't know. See what have been so much easier just to pay for proceedings and to put it. I've got to put it on here from the score because they're on commercial right now. And they're going to carry it live. Live coverage. I'm going to put it on right from here. And we're going to have to send Zach Crans out there with something in his pants. For Zach and Shadagel and Miguel and Joe Rose. Well, right. He's there in another capacity. I see. Chuck. I'm talking to the 100, 100, 100, 100 folks per day. What is going on in the middle of the street? I'm down. I ain't going to go. Okay. People are laughing. I'm not going to go. I'm not going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Oh no. I'm going to go. I'll never go, oh! Look at this, it's almost 10 after one, but we could have been like doing a show and do stuff, you know? 3 3 4 3 4 5 Oma God Unfeelable Hey, good evening I have no one All my time All of these things A lot of what I have left for us this week is another big blow to a Toronto Blue Jace team that has already played eight weeks of the Carlustal So, goto, vertaluals, and Frank Colonado See, maybe nobody in South Florida cares about this something, or where this did last place Blue Jace by you know what, is good about it? Herp, it's sports, we think we're close We're close to one Oh, that's a flat Yeah, I'm being too close because it has to go into the arena right now On the score, I know the score, Mr. Let me tell you And in Curtis's pace, it's a big blow Oh, that's a flat Yeah That's a flat Yeah That's a flat Oh Are you sure? You are not a wise guy Right, um You're a jerk No, man No, man That was a silly