We're going to Vancouver. What was that mean? I don't know. Look at that. It says Portland Vancouver, Oregon, Washington. I thought Vancouver was British Columbia, but never less that number six. And I thought I thought Vancouver was supposed to be like a mellow and laid back. And this real scenic and artsy, farcey all out and ever been there. Who did it's right? It's beautiful to pictures. But anyway, it's stressful. Mobile, Alabama, which Alabama won hands down our Yahoo, Uber, uh, most state yesterday, Mobile 7. Stocked in low-dye, California, eight. I have no idea why or what the hell is there. You know what's in stocked in low-dye? No. Well, something bad. Detroit, nine. Most stressful. Don't you tell you see the whites of their teeth? And Dallas, ten. The ten lowest rest of these places you might want to check out. I don't think so. I don't think you want to check out almost any of these. All of these connected in New York. Anybody want to live there? No. Harrisburg, Lebanon, Carl Alpencil, Vania. Anybody want to go? No. Orange County, California unless you are a right-wing, full-fledged, the card-carrying Nazi. You don't want to be there. Nassau's Suffolk, New York is fourth. Minneapolis Saint Paul, fifth. What if it's cold here now? Can you imagine what it might be there now? Right. And our Bermeshaigan is number six. Restressful. And what did I tell you, Mr. Omaha, Nebraska, seventh? I love Omaha's Suffolk wonderful place. Norfolk, Virginia and Virginia Beach. It's all lumped in together. Number eight. And Honolulu, which it's a great place for lack of stress, but you can't afford live there. Honolulu is ninth. Fabulous place. And number ten, Raleigh Durham, Chapel Hill, North Carolina. Least stressful. And it goes on with a whole bunch of information. For example, Miami, which we'll talk about. Take some real cheap shots at Miami and we'll deserve it. 29 past ten at five 60, your controversial station QM, where everybody hates each other like poison even. My, my, my, my. This is Fortory of five 60. You're way too way. Please take a stop. Okay. Please take a stop. When you've got us up, we look so nice. Oh Christmas lights. Felt so nice. But now it is a brand new year. And it's weird. It's weird to hear. Please take a stop. Hey, Christmas is gone. It's almost Easter you crown. So please take a stop. We've been up since the beginning of the year. We've been up since the beginning of the year. We've been up since November. We will, when Santa came. But now all your neighbors, I call you now, say names. Please take a stop. Hey, Christmas is gone. We're the talk of the town. So please take a stop. Please take a stop. That's a good. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Junior. If you don't was good for you. Stayed a few go away. Junior. So when we're getting back. Yeah, Junior. Getting back to this. I mean, we're dealing with such a pathetic tragic piece of terror. I mean, I suppose we'll have a good time with them anyway before he croaks. Las Vegas has a robust economy, but had the highest percentage of divorced. And the highest rate of suicides. This is chopped off at the edge. I think there's a factor there. And despite my name is number two stress ranking, they maintain positive mental health. Oh, man. What did I guess they haven't heard this show? With one of the lowest rates in residence reporting poor health in my in your August. They're sticking to the acidity and I don't want to get into cemetery village. And all of those joints. All that you should be good for. But they're not. Anyway, here's what it says about my image is my me has the highest violent crime rate in our study. As well as one of the highest overall crime rates, making my me even more stressful is the long commute time, high unemployment rate and a high rate of divorce. Despite these factors, Miami, something managed to remind me of residence, managed to retain a positive mental attitude. Thanks to the Oragia show on WQA. Oh, good. That's exactly what it says. Not. Is that right? It should. Now to come a wash and we've wondered about that. To come a residence content with one of the highest divorce rates in the country, one of the highest unemployment rates. It's cloudy into coma most of the time. Suicide and property crime rates are high. And a brighter note, the commons can fear less bodily harm. Thanks to a low, violent crime rate. That goes on with the. Does it doesn't tell us about the, oh yeah. The least, the five least. All of these connected to the Troy. Roy. These hardworking state capitals, they're surrounding areas. Both to the lowest unemployment rates in the country. In fact, both areas score well at many categories like divorce rates, right? Or at average commute times low overall crime rate and low rate of suicide. One downside of these Northeastern cities, they're often cloudy, skies and long, brutal, winters. By the way, case cashed it over. Listen, you want the latest Toronto weather reported. Sunny, it looks beautiful from where I'm sitting. But believe you me, you do not go outside. Oh, look, there's a clip from that horrible leave game last night. But we got a lot of excuses. It's minus 22 Celsius right now. The wind chill is minus 30 something. The high today is going to be minus 15. Can I try to translate those to like what the temperatures are in Fahrenheit? I'll be with that last place in the world. It does that Fahrenheit stuff. Let's see minus 22, which it is right now is 8 below zero Fahrenheit. Oh, that's not so bad. That's because everybody else is wrong, by the way. I know that. Just like the metric stuff is all wrong. It's bad. I think the S word comes in play there again. Now tomorrow, the highs going to be all the way up to minus 13, which isn't nearly so bad as today. Minus 13, that's nine above zero. So I'm actually able to go outside for a couple of minutes. I'm going to go get some sodas and bed and juries and run right back in. Okay, let's get this other pool going. Okay, let's quit dittling around. Even though I have just a huge pile. Man, I got piles. And of course, we got to get a few more comments in there from. It's the same thing. See? Let's see if the election was today. For whom would you vote? Well, nobody said don't play like a word at a time. Okay. Nobody said that to me. Well, nobody said don't play that thing anyway. Except, yeah, he was a little bit nervous. Well, Mo, you got everybody peein' in their pants. So damn nervous now. The sweat was poured off. What's his name? Head. When Clarets had him in there for that inquisition this morning. That's sad. Bad people swore. That's an advice. 162 votes. If the election were being held today, who would you vote for? We'll do this till noon and then we'll start this other pool. If we get some names for it. Wesley Clark, 114 at 70.3%. George W. Bush, there he goes. 26, 16%, and I wouldn't vote at all 22, 13, and a half percent. I sure hope we're not being freaked, you know it? Because that would really disturb me a lot. Wouldn't surprise me would disturb me greatly. Anyway, here's the appool aside from the sex angle. Which of the days celebrities do you find the most fascinating? Interesting. Oh, well, you got whatever. Britney Spears, Paris Holtton, they're all a big bore or a whew. WQAM. QAM? Go ahead once. What a bad start. QAM on six, that's always bad. Hello. I'll go now. Yes, sir. I didn't hear what the polls are. I've been on the screen list, but I wanted to call you a day about Rush Limba. You said something about after reading that article. You know, here in Chad Bush's Florida, he has made it so hard. Chad Bush has the people who get any sort of drug conviction. Except he's daughter and that's that actually Limba. Right. He's like, you know, with their forging federal, you know, prescriptions. That's like a federal over the felony. And he's daughter gets away with it. Rush gets away with it back on the air. It's just, Jeth's an asshole. I can't believe it. He's always got reelected. It just beats the hell out of me. Yeah, I think the diboll. I think those machines were fixed. I don't believe me. When surprised me, I mean, even in Florida, they're camping that many stupid people. There's a lot, but, but. But he's as a spider. He was one who was really supposed to run for President. But he didn't win out against Laugh and child and quick enough to year before. Yeah, I was really good. Oh, yeah. They got him here. Up for 2008 now. We're going to have like bush for the rest of our lives. I'm trying to hear him. There's the real scale on real asshole. Yeah. I'm keeping mind. He sits in a those meetings. The Peenack meetings project for the New American Century. He's one of the movie's and takers and that very subversive shady outfit, too. That was really good article. You bet you're the best guy. That guy is about two days ago. And I didn't get a chance to call him because I was on the point. I mean, I was employed that. Now I'm on the point. I can get on the phone. Oh, they're like you, pal. Take them. See you. I thought the employer was going up. Well, look at that. I guess now I didn't see what happened this morning. It caused the negative to her. It must have been like a bad employment number. At eight thirty because I didn't see that. I was working the gambling channel, huh? The market. Because the market for the first time in the Kunze, although they'll bail it out by the end of the have no fear. They'll continue with his old. This old, the Dow's down 54 point, which is small potatoes now that it's 10,000, five. And the next deck is down only a little under four points. Now that's almost 2100. Just keep goose and that baby up man. Everything is great. How do people that are unemployed? You're just making it up. We don't believe it. And if you don't watch yourself, we'll get some of them illegal aliens. We'll give them that magic wand again. They'll be all of a sudden legal status before you know it. Where it is, this is that magic wand. 19 to 11 at 560 WQAM. And look, this is for 20560 WQAM. 2100. Yes! Yes! Tonight on Bravo, don't miss network TV's latest makeover show, where five single men whip a with Mary Guy into a home-inside style. It's single eye for the Mary Guy. First of all, Steve, this is totally unacceptable. One should never leave the poily seat there. But my wife prefers that if he puts just a shrieking stormy on his head. Right, the free five designers of single eye for the Mary Guy help Steve and the kitchen. Hey, Steve! What are you doing, dude? I just pouring myself a glass of milk and glass. Oh dear. Single guys drink straight from their curtain, man. Like this. Just single eye for the Mary Guy team even gives Steve a down and dirty lesson and decorating. Oh, what are all these dirty clothes doing in the hamper? Try flinging them around the house for all of that says a single guy lives here. Oh, guys, I'm, oh, when my wife gets home, you won't be here, Steve. Grab a handful of dollar bills. We're going to the strip club. Oh, okay, single eye for the Mary Guy. Two in. That is, if the old fallen chain doesn't mind. 1045 at 5.60 WQM with the Electoral Being Hell today. Who'd you vote for? We'll do a Howard Dean against Bush on Monday and on the others. 207 votes, Wesley Clark 144, 69.5%. George W. Bush 3617.3%. Wouldn't vote period 2713%. Interesting. I Bush came from nowhere to like 36 like just like that. That interesting. Whatever. Let's get to this other pool now. Aside from the sex angle, which of today's celebrities do you find the most fascinating? Let's get some names on here. Everybody doesn't find any of them. Maybe they're all going to vote. They're all a big bore. W. K. Way and hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How are you? Pretty good. Did you see the call of the power in our view, interview the other night on night one? No. Well, I didn't watch him or Pete Rose. I don't watch chronic liars on here. Well, that's true. But a couple of things that are interesting. First of all, they keep every one of the administration officials keeps relying on the David K report. Eventually we'll be coming out. You mean David K that just came back and isn't going back to Iraq? Well, yeah. But they keep talking about him authoring a report. You know how these guys don't play or at least what the public perceives is losing hands. So most likely during a crucial time in the election period, K will come out with a report saying that they found weapons, but they couldn't disclose it because it was two dangers of a country and it had a secure him and that name. No. I don't believe that. You don't think that's enough. Yeah. There's nothing there. Already came back. There is absolutely nothing there. Well, how come they keep saying, well, that's way to the EU. He gives his report. Because there's because they're stalling and hoping, hoping against hope that somebody turns up something or they can plan something or whatever. There, they're hoping that he can continue snowballing the public. That's what is all about. The other thing that he changed is where he, you know, they are which are parole, wrote an article about the how and how his weak need and how, how this was this week. I don't know if you heard about that. It was in the New York Times or one of the New York papers. He wrote an op-ed saying that pal on the State Department or two needs. Sure. And one of the things that pal changed the other day, which was very interesting, you know, they talked about the immancy of the threat to the United States. He said, well, there was no imminent threat to the United States, but there was to the region, which makes, you know, obviously there's a little flanned, little significant difference. Right. And we're trying to back away from the big lie with a little one. The most, the most probable chance of getting bush out of office most likely with hopefully, be that somebody on the inside, like, you know, in the Godfather where they found out where the soldier was going to be. Somebody on the inside of the bush team converts and runs against them and says, this is, this is, you know, we can't put up. And runs against him and runs again. Yeah, you're, most interesting pal would be pal versus bush. No, pal is not running. I know that, but it would be interesting, call to see what the people would say. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Thanks, man. 217 votes. Wesley Clarks kicking his ass pretty good with our crowd 152 votes at 70%. George W. And I was always that 17 or 18% with bush, right? There's still out there. There's still out there unless we're getting a free. 38, 17 and a half percent for bush. I wouldn't vote period 27, 12 and a half percent out to 17. If, uh, let's see, let's get back to this other pool. Let's try to build it. You think we're going to gain a name? Oh, maybe they just don't care about ours. I'll tell you one person. I don't care about it all. In fact, two people Scott or Lacey Peterson. I am so sick and tired. Oh, look who's there. I'm a steak. Not coming clean a lot earlier. Yeah. I read, uh, I'm not going to read anymore in the ear because I'm not going to waste all that much time on Pete Rose, but I read so many great columns. I'll just skating about him in less couple of days. I mean, just ripping him in as. I want to read yesterday was pretty good, but just ripping him a major ass. Good. He's getting a million dollars on that book deal. That's what it's all about. So we can have more gambling money. And that's why he wants back in a major league. But he wants to manage in major league. Basically. I mean, are you kidding me? See, I see a great similarity between him and Colin Powell. It's like if you lie to me about something, you know, and I'm a little white lie. Everybody tells those. But if you lie to me about something really significant, like, pounded at the you win with all those matchs. And we hear his hears where this stuff is and we know this. Oh, he lied to us, teeth. Then you can't believe anything he ever says. And the same Pete Rose he lied for 14 years about gambling on baseball. Now all of a sudden, he expects because he finally came clean about that. We'd believe anything else he'd say. If he told me what day at a week it is, I would look at the calendar. He told me the summer shining. I look at the window. Wouldn't believe anything he would say. He's a scumbag low-life piece of crap who wants to impress everybody with it. He's got very serious problems. Let's put it that way. Of course we know other people with very serious problems. Absolutely. And of course the problem there be in that they want to spread them out to everybody else. So if you got problems, that's okay. Everybody's got problems big one small one. But when you want to like extend everybody around you, that's when the problem starts in. What? WQM, hello. New York. Yes, sir. I thought you about to crack a dial on an old man. You see that? Yes, sir. Of course. What do you think about that compared to the Michael Jackson? A lot of similarities. They were all the babies out like they're doing some type of a duo. They're all about that. In fact, no, it's not Reverend Jones. No, it's not Reverend Jones. I know who's okay because that's a George doing the voice. Yeah, George does Reverend Jones voice. Yeah, I think it's a polycramp. Anyway, you're an idiot. 560, 750, 560, pound 560. It was not Reverend Jones. Everybody who sounds like they got a muffled little mush. It was? No. I don't know the old man because I know him. No voice. Ha ha ha. Okay, what else do you say? Have a great day, Reverend Jones. You're okay, my book. Not your an idiot. Aside from the sex angle, which of today's celebrities you find the most fascinating. Brittany Spears, Parasillton, they're all a big bore and we don't have anybody else on her yet. We might be able to go to one o'clock before we start putting more names on this list. WQM, hello. Does this mean you? Sounds like me, yes. Okay. I quit question. So why are you roughing an encounter? I beg you pardon? I say why are you roughing an encounter? I'll be back soon. Call the kid. Okay, welcome. Why am I roughing it in Canada? Because I feel like it, okay? Got all mighty. I'd do it if you'd show me a phone booth today. I'd like to go to call yesterday I would do shows from my hotel in Toronto. For a height. All got questions. All know is you, okay? Let's see. Here's one that says, a facts. I don't understand the popularity of Clark is a choice. The rest of the world hates the Western. It's imperialistic mentality. Yet many people are endorsing Clark a military man is leader of our country. It's ponderous. Well, see. I'll get to it in a second. No healing process here. Republican military dictated lead the opposition. Great choice. Once again, the Democratic candidates will beat each other up before the election. And the elephants will prevail. I love the optimism of this facts. And number two, the reason America loves Wesley Clark, or at least a lot of people is because number one, he's a war hero. And number two, just like Eisenhower, America loves war heroes. Right. The man. He's the macho. He's in fact there's an article on our website today that pretty interesting from the nation about Dean is the macho man. And that's one of the reasons he's had so much success. His ability represents himself as somebody who's got the balls to stand up to bush as opposed to the wins. The other candidates will run against him. He's macho. And of course Wesley Clark is real macho. And he's a military hero. And it's said him. And so on, even though he didn't know what party was in, that was the same exact thing with Eisenhower. Democrats wanted to write him and Republicans must have made him a better offer. And so in 52, he became the president based on nothing. Based on the fact he was a war hero from WWW2. That's all. Yeah, that's smile. And a bad president, too, by the way, awful. Horrible. Although I am delighted to remember that during his second heart attack, we were able to read in the newspapers on the front pages. The president had a good ball movement today. It may be feel a hell a lot better. My mother very jealous. 246 votes at the election was being held today. Who would you vote for for home? Would you vote? Wesley Clark 167. Oh, and what is this show? What you turn to the hasvins? Did you see this thing on CNN? Ron Jeremy. He's all of the potentially unfailment. Oh, I'm not able to pay for the show. The Democrats are strong, right? Why participate? To realize, well, I didn't think about that. I just thought, this is one of these that they've done. To me, this is probably show people what I'm really who I am. Yeah, I mean, that's it. It's also a chance to be in people's living rooms in prime time and seeing as somebody that they like in their living rooms. And that has led to many of them from the past cast. To real life with Ron Jeremy, Tammy Faye Baker and Erica Strada. Right. Well, I'll show you some real. What's Ron Jeremy doing with all them queen? I mean, wow. It's a bunch of washouts. Pick it up a chuck. There's Ron Jeremy. Take a look at that. What a tub. 5 6 7 0 5 6. Oh, let's get a few names on his pool or not. Maybe we'll just put our own in there. Because they don't seem to be cutting to this at all. I don't think they like that word fascinating. To a WQA M. Hello. Fuck. When I get back, I will strangle him personally. I'll take care of it. Alright. WQA M. Hello. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Is it steel? Yes sir. I was trying to get you to yesterday about the goober. Yeah. Two late. WQA M. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Is Neil? Yes I am. I'm a R. Are you doing sir? I can't imagine one thing. And that is, although I love deemed policies. And everything. There's something a little bit creepy about him. And I think that's why we're farce moving up. He is a lot more charismatic. Yeah. That's why I'm not going to. If you're just talking about to look at him. Yes. Yeah. I'm Wesley Clark starts speaking. He doesn't do anything to inspire me. That's what bothers me about Wesley Clark. He hasn't been very inspirational. He did. There was one debate where he actually did that fire in Brimstone and started kind of like an animated and excited. And he was pretty good then. But most of the time I see him. He looks like, you know, like, limp spaghetti noodle. I totally agree. But I know what you're saying about Dean. There's something you look at him. And he looks a little bit off. I hate to say that because it looks don't mean anything. But he looks a little bit off in some ways. You know what I mean? Yep. I'll be voting for him. But I'm worried. Okay. Thank you. Good luck to us. Yeah. I'm really worried too. Because we don't really know. And of course they're doing a hell of a job on trying to convince everybody. See, that tells me that they're probably scared to hell of Howard Dean. Because they're doing a lot of, oh, please run Howard Dean. You know, and he's the most easy candidate to beat. He's Michael Lukas are over again. If they really wanted him to be the candidate, he'd be beaten up on him right now. Right. So maybe their scared crap was maybe their own inside polling. He's shown that he's the one that really has a chance to knock off the bushmeister. More than the chance. He's going to do it. You think? You think? You think? You think? I'll come up because this poll is not going over at all. How are we saying the means? Uh, we have some really fat. Huh? We have some fascinating quotes from our, some of our staff members. And also, we're going to have a couple of comments to make. Before they end the show today. You'll see. Got some really good clips here. I was taping practically this morning. Oh, I'm going to have them also paranoid. They'll be afraid to say hi to me. They'll be afraid. Hey, what's going on? Even that for fear that I might get on here. Which is good. Just keep them out of my face. 256 votes. If the election were today, who would you vote for? Wesley Clark. Oh, we're getting free now. There's no doubt. Absolutely no doubt. Then what? Wesley Clark, 175, 68.3% 1? There's no doubt. George W. Bush, 50. 19.5% and I wouldn't vote 31.1%. 5. And the local of the 60s, 5.60. 3 years old, you're coming. I'm not a QA. Why do I? You... Bastard. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. I am a QA. If I did not respond to someone Swingedup. Who would be questioned, if I was right or asked for his help, what would be his orders... How would Maveror Thou obliged? If I considered asking for anything then that would be punishable. If I�데 Could not there be a notice of Of집a. If I did not ask for anything then that would be for who? If I did not ask for anything, if I was shone or colliding with Moosinha. What would you say? it's 11 o'clock at 5.60. W2Q. I'm happy Friday to you. I'm going to give this second pull one more time and if we don't have any takeers for it, you're right. They don't get it. Or maybe they just don't find any of them fascinating. Well it's designed from the sex angle, which in today celebrities do you find the most fascinating? Interesting. Yeah, there's the rub right there because you said aside from the sex. Right because otherwise we've done that a million times before you know Brittany there's some brand pit and only all these symbol crap who wants to do that aside from the sex angle they're all a big bore. Oh well, let's see one last shot at it and otherwise what I'll do is I'll just leave up the presidential thing the whole time. I know who we can. Yeah, seriously. We'll just make him this which will make Eric happy. 5.6705.60 pound 5.60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line and notice this week the tremendous number of women that we've had calling in while we're doing the screenless now. We have two. Oh, I think I think since we started doing screenless all together. Yeah, yeah. Because they can't debug the do well play that game I guess and we don't have any listening anyway. You wait till the book comes out and by the way, we from today that'll be when we separate the week from the chief. We from the the 16th of that one clock that comes the fall book and boy it's going to be it's going to be scary. Yeah, so let's start blaming some people for it already. Is that a way, George? Yeah. You say don't say that. WQM. Hello. Good morning, Michael. How you doing? Okay. Can you for me down for George, Tonya Bush and and Doppelita, Tonya Bruce please? No, please. Please go back to QBA man and then when you finish with that go back to the van. Go back to Cuba. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lady for us, see? I'm calling because I wanted to say I love you, but I also love George too. Yeah. So I listen to all the time. So if you have females out there, we just don't get the chance to call in that freak what like right. We can buy by. I think we're going to Schmidt can the second pool. I thought it was interesting, but they don't. There are people that could have been on here like Tim Robbins or Jean Graffelow or there are people who might be kind of interesting Michael Douglas Harrison Ford right? No, nobody. No, you're right through all boring. 5 6 7 which means I'm going to have plenty of time because I got a huge pile. No, sir. That's good news. Some other days it might be bad news. That's a day that's really good news. Nobody QAM. Hello. Hey, you guys. Vinnie Cole from Popano. Yes, sir. You ready? Here we go. I'm ready. Sir. Phil Spectre for president. Does anyone have a bit of a ironic spectre who looks like I don't know where she's from. He's my vote. Okay. Oh, I think I will play their run. He's expected this. That is funny. Thanks very much for reminding me, sir. I appreciate it very, very much more than you'll ever know. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Why am I braving it and traumatic? Because I'm a real man. That's why I'm like some of you pussy's up. Oh, if it gets under 60 degrees, we're real nervous. You know, I used to say that. That's a pile of crap. Although this is much too cool. This is not fit for human consumption. I'll tell you right freaking out. Not right fubing now. So anyway, in case you missed the excitement this morning. Yeah. Well, we're just going to play like one word at a time. You remember one day at a time. We're going to play the excitement one word at a time. I'm not going to make it through. We don't want to leave it and leak out too much heavy duty stuff. I just realized here I got the wrong disk and run. I'm just all right. That's Friday. What do you want to hear? Oh, he didn't really want to hear it. Maybe he did. I want to hear it. The money's specter thing. What does because that on you don't even have a playfully. I'm going to play right now. I'm going to play it off the next break since we have these tremendous long breaks today. What a place. Hey, by the way, Greg, you're doing a hell of a job baby. Man, you are really doing it. I don't think anybody could be doing the old doodle like you're doing a QM. Greg Reed. There he is. Greg Reed from president. Get him out of our face. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon on. Line 9 is always a winner. Well, a lot of line 9. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? I heard you ripping on Ron Jeremy. Yeah. Do you like Ron Jeremy? What is there to like about him? He's an idiot. He's a fat, ugly slob like me. Don't forget his ego. Yeah. Plus it plus an ego. But look what he's got to work with and look what he's done. Exactly. So yeah, that's true. I give him credit for that being fat and hairy and ugly like that. And double joy. And double joy. Did right. Can't stand Ron Jeremy and why anybody would want to see him naked beats a hell out of me or even with clothes on. He's very entertaining. Well, I'm glad you enjoyed. Sir. I hope you have a great life together. Good luck to you. Oh, brother. I didn't know what he was doing. What is that way? Entertaining. I don't think I've done this in a long time. At least not here anyway. I've got a thing for which I have no sleep. You know what I mean? Uh oh. Yeah. I'm one of those deals. You just hold the hit there and you're going to turn the floor. I don't know. 560, 50560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Let's get this pull going. I think we're going to shmit can it. I'll try another couple of nmuller give up on it. WQAM. Hello. Good meal. Yes, man. Oh, I got you around the air. I just called because I'm a woman and I wanted you to know I'm a constant listener whenever I'm in my car. You make my day. All right. And I wondered if you saw the game that was a Panther game last night. I saw parts of it and I was just in shock and I want to thank the Panther organization by the way for beating Philly because in overtime because Philly losing that game winds up making Pat Quinn the coach of these two conference all star team in spite of the fact that he's got pounded last night by Ottawa 71. Oh, cool. I didn't even realize that. Yeah. I didn't even realize that. So it had double double barrel. In fact, the Panthers are only four points out of first place. Not a vision now. I think it's fabulous. And I saw the game against filling last week. It's down here. Right. And you know, and it was that they played pretty well in that game. But this kid Horton is starting to look pretty good. You know, he looked pretty good. You're right. And he's in the record book. And I'm just on just hoping the things take up from here for the Panthers too. He's no Tim Horton, but he's going to be pretty good. No Tim Horton might know what that's what everybody's saying. But you know, he might be. He might be well above average anyway. And and very spring that that that that goal and over time was just amazing. You know, it's a beautiful thing. Yeah. It really was. It was a lot of fun. It's fun to be able to root for the team again. So I just hope that you know, you got this lady support and I'm thankful for being there. Thanks a lot. Have a great day. Thank you. Yeah, Panthers be fully fourth read over time last night. I turned on a lead game. I come in from the store. I turned on a lead game. They're already behind five nothing. So then I need us to say, turn it off and watch other exciting things. 5 670 560 and by the way, how come Bob Aries on there with my old friend Mike Lang. That's embarrassing. Oh, I mean, just also say this Daniel Alfordson. Just wait till January 31st. Just wait. When Ty Do Me and or Darcy Tucker get ahold of your ass. Keep your head up Daniel. You asshole. They're going to send your head back to Sweden. Just a head. You know what I'm talking about. Good. What? 5 670 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQAM. Hello. What's your speaking? Oh, Neil. Why don't you change your both to somebody that you'd want to meet a celebrity you'd want to meet. Not necessarily you find interesting. But somebody you'd like to sit down and maybe have dinner with. Okay. That necessarily female. But you know, I mean, to me, I found I find Roger DeValver interesting. I think he's tremendous actor and he's kind of guy. He just did want to meet and talk to have conversation with. Yeah, that's probably a better idea. I think we'll do it. How do we how do we want to phrase that what what's what the well known celebrity would you like to meet. Me have dinner with or something. Well known celebrity would you like to have dinner with okay good idea. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. There's the guy who's there. No pull the record. He's got a better idea than I heard. Well known celebrity. Would you like to have dinner with not would you like to eat okay. Would you like to have dinner with? I mean, you know, would you like to sit on one track mind you know what I'm saying? It was basically like. Well, would you like to have dinner with. Would you zip it up? That's it. Okay. Robert two vows got the first vote. That's good. Robert two vows. Mommy doesn't have a vote yet, but he's on list. What why are you losing it about? We just calm down. Okay. We're going to play the entire take before the end of the show today. And then later we'll play the one where he's telling the truth about that whole mob. I just can't take it. I mean, to listen to a bunch of overgrown children down there carrying on with me here. I'm a thought-wing old man trying to like do the best I can. And we got a bunch of little overgrown children. Well, you know, it didn't really happen like that. And it was by mutual agreement. Well, you know, you're such a little separating bag of turns. What are you kidding? I think he and the beast are doing it. I was used to think that was just stick, but I think this is all the sticking going on. Yeah. Mike W. Faxon says the last time a former general turned out to be a decent present was George Washington. Ever since high rank career military training of the presidency is run from do nothing in efficiency to complete disaster. You mean, like Teddy Roosevelt? Hey, no, but that's just my opinion. It says beyond all the opinions are like right by. Was he actually a general or just a pity Roosevelt? Yeah, hi rank. It says ever since high-breaking military. I say would certainly include Teddy Roosevelt. You listen to his grand. He'd be right about that. He was a disaster. What are the all-time worst president? I know how it was horrible. awful. Although everybody like I like Teddy. Well, there you go. Let's think of some other former military men who became how about Andrew Jackson. He was a good president, seven president, engine killer. No, he was a good president though. A lot of the presidents were so Teddy Roosevelt. Yeah, so what's wrong with that? Oh, sorry. 567, hold 560, 345 votes if the election were being held today. Who'd you vote for? Wesley Clark 67.2% 232 out of 345. George W. Bush 66, 19.1% I wouldn't vote period 47. We'll do Howard Dean and the Bush. In fact, you know something? I'm going to save. Well, we could build that list for the other guy. I think we'll do Dean from noon to two. I can't wait till Monday. Can you? Yeah, I can wait. Why? Why do you? I got big plans for the weekend. What are you talking about? Oh, I'm serious. Forget about that. I'm just saying I cannot wait until Monday to do this other poll. I thought he was interesting. We'll do it in noon, Eric. Okay. I hate to keep messing with Eric's mind because he's probably thinking, When you make up your mind, already what you're going to do with noon? Well, he didn't really have to do anything with either one of these. So what's he pitching about, right? Right, but she's pitching. You know, all the reason to hell of a job man, we had 30 some bedtime stories on their last night. No complaints. He just keeps pounding him out, pounding him out, grinding that stuff out. Plus we got that fantastic, that fabulous thing on our website. If you haven't seen it yet, it's a must for everybody in a whole USA has to see it. It has to play with it. And it is that you can even play with it and grow it. The dishonest W lying action figure. Just click on neorogies.com and run underneath where it says, click here to make the neorogies show your home page. There's dishonest W. And if you click anywhere on it, it'll like download in a couple of seconds. And then you can do it with it. You can play all the, you can have the pretzels peep and out everywhere. It's a beautiful thing. It's fabulous. 1113 at 560 WQM. We got the mad dog at 2. We got what appears to be a fairly pristine schedule today. Although, although I have my doubts. We may have another scratch out on another scratch in a lineup there, scratch in a race. Can we got any word on that yet? We got the mad dog definitely he's in ink at 2. The hump are is penciled in the loaded for the big. Oh, he's there at 7. But you're like it or not. Eddie K. 10 and sporting news radio they've used on QAM. 2 to 6 in the AM sporting news radio. Can it be any worst any is being radio? A sin crap. I guess what they're going to have the same scores. Same team, same scores. 1113 at QAM if your house has been a little turned upside down because of the holidays. And you haven't gotten around ordering the new mattress you want. Here's the idea. Do it right now from dial a mattress and get yourself a great mattress for this coming year. And for the rest of your rough or not the rest of your life. But years to come. Take as a yes. Hank is a yes. Let's hear it. The huffer will be in the load because half a load ain't good enough for us. You know what they say? It's the same thing that. Yeah. Anyway, get yourself a great new mattress and take care of your health and your back in a way you feel. Get a better night's sleep in 2004 by calling dial a mattress toll free at 1-800. MATT-R-E-S. Celebrate the new year in comfort with a great new mattress like. Stearns and Foster. That's right. They've added Stearns and Foster. They're already strong champions. You have lineup and Stearns and Foster. You would as the finest mattress made anywhere in the USA. And you can sleep on one as soon as tonight by making that one easy call right now at 1-800 mattress. And of course dial a mattress carries the complete line of the other top makers in the universe like Seely and Surtha and Simmons King Quill. Tempered 2. Choose from dozens of models at low-onbeatable everyday discount prices and dial a mattress still out the only people in the world that they choose that two-hour delivery window that's convenient for you that meet you schedule. Seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. you want them there from noon to 2-1-3-2-4. They'll be there. With low prices, same day delivery, preset every mobile it's easy to see. All of these things have made dial a mattress best in a world and customer satisfaction. So do what I always do in the old mattresses lumpy and worn out. Get yourself a great new one by making one easy call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTR-ES or you'll find them online at mattress.com. We're supposed to be in 5-6-4. You a-m. Hey. Even though the X-Wife record producer full-specker is said nothing but me, a hateful bank for the past 29 years. The former Romette has apparently changed her tune. Oh, child! I mean, stay here! This is a good man! Even though I feel kept me locked up in the basement and fed me nothing but race and sour skills. If I got there, even though he beat me when I've been in jail my life, when his chup-tailer canvas has had come from me, because that's a good man. I don't believe he can't let anybody. At least I weighed on purpose. By the way, I'll be a parent and a late childhood move in on New Year's Day in a lobby from Beacuse Island. Obviously, in Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema Bema, Bema, Bema, And Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, ella, Someone, She, And Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema. Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, Bema, for this incident, for putting out the naked album and taking all the hard work by my ex-spir or leaving it off the record down on the floor. That's Kaka, that's Pupu, and it drove into the killing that he didn't do. I'm a go, Matt Demano! Ronnie Specter's opinion is not necessarily reflect those of any right-thinking person, medication during the interview provided by Bristol Meyer's web. Okay, thank you. 11.19 at 5.60WC, here's a facts from somebody from Maggary in Washington, says Blackbox Voodoo, this is a letter to the editor of the Sun Sentinel, which they chose not to publish. He says, is a long-term resident of Broward County, I'm relieved that Ms. Elephant has been ruled from her position as supervisor of elections. However, I'm extremely concerned about the county's reliance on touchscreen voting. Otherwise, known as direct recording like Tronis or DREs, for sure. They just had a problem with that on Tuesday. Do you see that? No, because people were either too stupid, know how to do the touchscreen, and they had the one-state house race that had to be recounted in the guy one by like a couple of votes. Any first year auditing student will tell you what's imperative to have a paper tree on the way to compare and verify results. Professional hackers can easily manipulate the current system, which does not provide a printed receipt to be cross-reference with machine tele. When Mr. O'Dell present a diable system, one of the DRE manufacturers goes on record is promising to deliver Ohio, his home state to present in Bush in 2004, it's more than little disconcerting. It's even more disconcerting to learn that the programming used by these machines is considered the intellectual property of the manufacturer, which means our present system can be manipulated and we can't do a damn thing about it. It's also worth while noting that Nevada's just recently decided to purchase voting equipment that generates a paper trail. With the 2000 election in our rear view mirror, I'm urging like-minded citizens to contact our county commissioners and demand they spend the additional dollars necessary to add printers to our voting machines to ensure that each interview vote is counted this time. I'm going Gary and the SunCentals usual sucks. Just like that, I'd not just act by the SunCentals here several months ago when the county commissioners voted to formally oppose the Patriot Act right, and they put it on the SunCentals website about three minutes till midnight and it never made the addition of the paper the next day and what's the little hand hit the big hand? It just by miracle I saw it. Right, and what's the big hand hit the little hand and turn to the next day? The calendar turned all of a sudden that disappeared, just like magic. Yeah, unforgivable. Just unconscionable. The way the mainstream media continued doing everything to spoon feed and brainwash the public because they're all sucking up. This is the biggest bunch of suckups I've ever seen in my life the mainstream media, which is why 58,000 kids came back and body bags from Vietnam because the media was sucking up right to the lower your very end, right until Walter Kronkeit and a few others opened up a mouth. And it's just amazing to see they're doing the same thing now. Had 10 more kids dying the last day in a 24 hour period of time or less? I got a great article by the way. Oh, man is it good. Yeah, father speaks of sun's death in Iraq. It's on our website. By Erika and Finch in the North County Times San Diego, I'll look it to it later on. We got more important stuff like Britney's wedding meltdown. That's what America cares about is Britain and Scott. If I have to see that Scott and Lazy Peterson that freaking Mark Ergo is saying, I'm going to puke right on my TV screen. I can't take it. I just cannot take it. Can't stand him. Then. I mean, what is the why again? Like I told you during Ali on the media decides, what you're supposed to care about. Oh, this is very important that everybody cares about. Well, they didn't really well. They will now because we'll just inundate them with it for lunch for breakfast for dinner for snacks in between while they were asleep. We're going to just stick this right inside your brain. We're going to inundate every poor of your body with whatever we decide is important. And whatever we can exploit for ratings. That's the media for you. A bunch of grave robbers. But area go back that hotel attack. No casualties. There's the good news for the day. No casualty. So that earlier. 386 votes if the election will be in hell today. Who do you vote for? We're like Clark, 261, about 2,367.6%, George W. Bush 71, 18.3%, I wouldn't vote 54 or 13.9%. Now I won't anybody. I guess that I wouldn't vote crowd generally speaking is going to be. Well, we'll see. We'll see when we put Dean up there against Bush at the noon. We onto that. We got it. Miami Arts DIC's page 425,000 dollar and lawsuit-ledging new bishop ignored molestation. Less than a month before the Miami Arts DIC's ordained bishop Felipe Estovés, or is the bird would say Estovés, on Wednesday, it's spent $425,000 selling a lawsuit that accused him of standing by as three girls were molested in his church. The sisters now in their 20 suede the arts dice. He sent the church to St Agatha in Miami in 2002, and their suit they alleged that an elderly employee assaulted them on church grounds in 1989. Estovés knew about the abuse of the time that occurred, according to the suit, but was not until a decade later, that he assured the parents he would contact archdiocese officials about the problems, then in 2000 the court documents say Estovés read the parents' letter saying the statute limitations had passed, and there was nothing that the parents could do. Ain't that lovely? On Thursday, meaning yesterday, church officials and a lawyer for the three women can from the settlement. Estovés couldn't be reached for comment, but Archdiocese spokeswoman Mary Ross Augusta said the timing of the settlement had nothing to do with his ordination this week, RIDE! And Pete Ross never met on baseball either, Mary. She said Estovés didn't learn they abuse till 1999, and immediately followed church protocol which required him to report the allegation to his superiors. A leading critic of the Catholic church said it was beyond disappointment, that the archdiocese would settle the case then make Estovés a bishop. Had the suit settled for five grand, they might have said, we think there was no abuse or cover up, but it'd cheaper to go this route said David Clohessie National Director of Snap, that it was almost a half a million says clearly they wanted all of this to go away, which is what they've always wanted and usually gotten. How do you like that? I don't. Same old-time crap, like I told you, they have a little bit of flasher banded about the, you know, in the media for a couple of months, they're back in June last year, and other than that, Oliver was done. We're doing it, baby, and then of course they had that big phony or confidence again two days ago, and there's Wilton Gregory, oh yeah, we're doing it, and everybody's living up to our promise at Wilk, they're doing it all right. I guarantee that there's probably altar boys and girls being molested right now as I speak. You're a thing as we speak, sure. It doesn't stop, see? The thing with Michael Jackson is no different than the priest scandal. There's no difference. There's no such thing as a reformed pedophile. So the idea that all of a sudden because they had a few meetings and they put on a dog and pony show for the public and they passed a few resolutions and signed a few documents that all of a sudden that stopped and stopped and by the way, I got the poll for Monday. All right, let me give you a clue to headline on this story. Vouch to announce mission to Mars and Moon. You got the poll? Yeah. Who's going to go? Oh, yeah. I mean, this is so unbelievable. President Bush will announce plans next week, and of course this is so transparent again. They were talking about this a month ago a lot. What kind of cock-a-many thing is he going to come up with to try to put together like Kennedy? You know, we're going to go to the moon. Well, there was a bush. Every time I think of John Kennedy, I always think of George Bush. Right. Not. And so here it is. A permanent human presence on the moon. Oh, I'd love to see Dick Cheney up there with you. And maybe Kenny Lay. Bush won't propose any Americans to Mars any time. Soon rather, in visions preparing for the mission, more than a decade from now on official said. In addition to proposing the first trip to the moon since December 72, the President wants to build a permanent space station there. Maybe space cadets could go there. I have one in mind. Fact I have a couple of people in mind. Absolutely. Three senior officials said Bush wants to aggressively reinvigorate the space program which has been demoralized by series of setbacks, including the space shuttle to Sankyla's firmware that killed seven astronauts. The official speaking on condition man, and an eminence at Bush's announcement will come middle of next week. 400 votes even on a poll makes the math easier. We'll change it at noon. If the election were being held today, who would you vote for? We're going to start at $269.67. 2% George W. Bush 75 18.7% I wouldn't vote. 56 14% said, ah ah. Count me out. 27 after 11 at 560 W. Q. We got a pristine line of them. Very impressed by that. The humpers back. Thank the Lord. Thank goodness. Not that we don't love you, Boog. But you know, enough is enough already. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? Get this line of well, it's already the ninth of January. Let's get the deal going here for the new year. And the next hour might actually play a few segments from a very important tape recording. Hang the me. It's like, yeah. I, in fact, we already have played a few segments. I think it's been the highlight of the show so far. If you guys a little bit of editing, we got Brittany's wedding meltdown. We got that very poignant story from common dreams from the, uh, San Diego New York County Times. Cheating Chelsea, Boog, Boog, the incredible win crazy on us. They're just pages and pages. One thing about Chelsea, man, she sure consistent. She is just like me, ugly. Although I think even ugly of them, me, but she's a gore. She's a gore. Oh, boy, she is just brutal. She calls off secret wedding. Good for her. Yeah, let me just grant this. You go girl. Calls off secret wedding date is jealous boyfriend explodes over boozy table dance with Mark Roberts. Uh-huh. I got news for a Mark Lobberg wouldn't touch her with your hand. Apparently, he did. Well, they were table dancing. Mark Roberts did Chelsea. Oh, we don't know about that. Yeah, out of town. They were grinding. I think she's, I think she's a mannequin. I don't think she's for real. How tell you what thing that's for real? Let's see, Atkins died. Everybody in the brother now is hopping on the bandwagon. A lot of the fast food joints are now starting to set you atkins sandwiches and atkins this and that's because more and more people are desperate to lose weight. We're fat. We're fat. We're desperate. And the time in place to start is always at the new year when we make our resolutions find out what the lights of us focus on about because this is the store you've been looking for. It's the number one low-carb sugar free store in the universe so join the thousand the softwoods who made the lights of us. Number one in the world. Because they've got over a thousand low-carb products. I mean, they got variety for it. Not the same old meat and cheese and seafood and seafood and meat and cheese, but they got all kinds of other good tasty stuff like breads and bagels, cookies, crackers, chips and brownies, chocolate ice cream, pasta and fantastic low-carb sauces. Catch up cheesecake and lots more. They got the water selection. They're up on every day seven days a week from 10 in the am till 10 p.m. You can always try anything in the store before you bite. They've got a friendly knowledgeable staff that knows dieting inside and out and they carry the most complete line of atkins brands products anywhere. They're all on sale every day all they even on circus. So if you're one of those dieters out there that's trying any kind of a low-carb diet, this is a store you've got to get in touch with the lights of us. Boca on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 next to Boston Market, you can call them toll-free. The number is 1, 877 low-carb LOWCARV or find them on away with low-carb.com. There's only one to lie to us, book and be on a shadow of a doubt it's your official Atkins retail center. Oh it's yellow baby. It's Friday you are resting. Tract in a strange world must defend his honor, his woman, and also that weird cult thing even to me. John Cruz is the last Scientologist. It's his legitimate is any other major religion only for the worst Scientologist. If you call him gay, you'll sue you for $100 million. But if you call his religion crazy, you'll cut you in ham. Likewise with a forward foot samurai sword. Call those insuffctures, put on furniture when elephant will be in the thoughts. He's even willing to die for dionetics years, the last Scientologist. What do you want from me? I mean, besides my fame, my fortune could break the trouble in my life. Oh yes, my soul. Tom Cruz deals the last Scientologist. Unless you count John to both. In genital and the few other gullible Hollywood ads. The last Scientologist is now playing with your mind in a theater near you. Oh you know, it's 26th, you'll known. I wanted to put Tom Regener for a second. I'm metrics to expedite the processing of foreign travelers, and stop known or suspected terrorists at our borders. By the way, I can't tell that they were looking for an affranchion. The earth friends flight that they said was connected to well, kind of. The friends say not a full of crap, but not true. Okay. Okay. So, you know, well, you know, and abundance of caution. That's a term that was like to use. And abundance of caution. And part of the whole deal is that the British British air pilots didn't want to do the thing with the air marshals. They're like threatening to walk out, which is why a lot of those British air flights got deleted and take off don't want to do the air marshal thing. And also KLM is said they're not going to do not go along with that. They will not put air marshals on their flights. How do you like that? I'm just mentioning that in passing. Okay. There's Tom Regener just said it's yellow alert. Okay. Everybody stand out a little bit. Green a little bit easier to take a sigh relief. Okay. Listen very carefully now. Did you go to different direction? Yeah, see? You know, something I will play that entire clip before the end of the day. You're going to have to listen carefully. In fact, some of you folks will tape the show and take the air on editing. She now doing like he's together. He's by piece. You can get the evidence from that's right. The mole. The Harry. What? Well, we got all this stuff going on. I mean, if the audience I try to inform them at the beginning of the show today about the inside crap that just getting a heavier duty all the time. Because we've got a grumpy old man who just won't stop carrying on and bitching that this one. A complaint with that one. And it's this one to just to me. And that one to that then, Daya. So you can't stand the fact that you can't handle the truth. That's your problem. Jack Nicholson ought to give him a what for you. You cannot handle the truth. And you can't handle the fact that you're being exposed for the kind of scumbag that you are who can't along with anybody else. Nobody is good enough for you, Mo. And that's what it's all about. So all of our people sooner or later, even if they make a value to attempt to work with you on that show and hate it like poised in any way every minute of it, then you still are not good enough for any still or get blown off the show. Unserimoniously. And then if I talk about it on the air, then well, it's all a big lie and it was a mutual agreement. It was not a mutual agreement. It was only a mutual agreement after the facts and somebody had no choice. That's not a mutual agreement. Anyway, North County Times San Diego, this article by Erika Infinch, Father speaks of Sun's Death in Iraq. Fernando Suarez, Del Solar, stood in front of an audience that hung on his every word whens, denoted the pilgrimage nighted church of Christ in Carl's van. Through an interpreter and sometimes speaking in English with a heavy accent, the S. Condito Resonant discussed his recent trip to Iraq, and the death of his 20-year-old son, Corp. Lance, Corp. Jesus, El Burto, Suarez, Del Solar. Wow. Suarez, Del Solar spoke to about 40 people during a meeting at the North County Coalition for Peace and Justice. He showed a video in pictures he shot during his trip to Iraq from December 1 to the 8th. He told stories about the children he met in the faces of the soldiers in the streets of Baghdad. When we walked through the streets of Curious Group Formans, Suarez Del Solar said when we told them we run a mission of peace, they welcomed us and shook our hands it was a beautiful experience. Suarez Del Solar said he made the pilgrimage because he wanted to visit the place where his son was killed by a cluster bomb, arc 27. He said the government initially lied to him about his son's death so he traveled to the country to gather more truth. But I changed the reason for my trip. He said, I recall the words my son told me. He said, tell me about the lies Bush told to create this war but I know the main reason is the children of Iraq. One of the most poignant moments of the evening came when Suarez Del Solar called us to worry about those children, he showed a picture of himself in several Iraqi youngsters in the photo Suarez Del Solar has tears in his eyes. He said the children were selling bananas on the streets but when he tried to buy the bananas they refused his money to gain them the bananas all the afternoon return was a copy of the photograph. These children lost their parents in a bomb and a residential area that had no military Suarez Del Solar said, now they live in the shell of a burned out building like rats. Once did I was not the first time Suarez Del Solar spoke in front of the coalition he spoke to the group during a meeting last year as well, Shelly Halidi coalition coordinator said it was important to have speakers such as Suarez Del Solar to educate people on the truth about the war. His vindo Iraq he gave us information about what's really going on in the country, Halidi said, we have created such a loss to the Iraqi people and our own men and women. The devastation we have caused is unnecessary for Nando Kere's a message of peace and the loss of a parent. The North County coalition for peace and justice formed in October 2002 as a way to protest the inevitable war against Iraq. They've participated in peaceful protest and demonstrations and created a traveling Iraq memorial to commemorate the soldiers who died in the war. Jim Brown remember the San Diego chapter of Veterans for Peace also attended the meeting, Brown said his organization which is comprised of veterans of all branches of the military also seeks to educate people of the realities of war. What better person to talk about the real cost of war than someone who lost his son Brown said? Suarez Del Solar said he was always against the war even before his son's death aside from visiting Iraq he spent time lobbying Congress and the UN to pull troops out of the country. He said his goal is to remove all American and English troops in the streets of Baghdad. But Suarez Del Solar said his experiences last month actually brought him a bit more peace. He said he was surprised to find Baghdad a bustling city with traffic open businesses and people on the streets before speaking to the coalition members his eyes grew misty as he talked about finding the location where his son perished. I felt better when I found the place where I was Del Solar said I put a cross on the ground. I also saw the children in the schools and hospitals and I know my son had a personal mission to help the children. He died for the children not for the government. Wow. Just heartbreaking. But again, you know the public is there political animals out there. It all confused us with that propaganda. They all know that anti bush propaganda. We got our more. More is made outward. Uh, you're a coward. Yeah, that's right. Anyway, here's the original of the poll so far. The first one's got another 20 minutes to go 437 votes if the election will be held today for whom would you vote? Wesley Clark or George Bush or neither one. Wesley Clark 298. 68.1%. George W. Bush 80. 18.3%. And I wouldn't vote 59.13. 10.5%. Then could think I didn't put Ralph Nader on there. Ooh. That's just because I'm on my bloodbores when I think about that arrogant egotistical obnoxious old man. No, no, not that was my end local. Here's Bush video 560.ه I'm not dying. Oh my god. I'm not dying. I'm not dying. And that's why we have a yellow line. Can't explain. The meaning of what these like to do. What these like to do. We chips at his desk. With the shadow of your attention, It's too close to you. You're so close to me. And they have got to be. What's the difference in you and the same. I've a yellow line. But they have to be. Something they can't survive. That's why we have a yellow line. Of these like every kind of day to day. We have a yellow line. We have a yellow line. Of these like every kind of day. But you are the yellow line. Be afraid. Be very afraid. Okay, just calm down. 16 to the next few days. I'm so into here's the deal without having to hear a Tom Ridge. The Department of Homeland Security lowered the National Terror alert from Orange to yellow today. He's a hoppin' and the poppin' right now. Two senior administration officials tell CNN that President Bush Sunday off Friday on this recommendation, which came after several days of deliberation. He was going like, Like that. They said, how about Monday? Okay. Now how about Friday? That's even better. Right. Anyway, some sectors remain on high alert, such as aviation, ports, and nuclear facilities. Key cities including New York, Washington, and Las Vegas also remain on higher alert. Okay. So New York, Washington, and Vegas, still stay on higher alert. But everybody else kind of like step back take a little bit of a breath. So here you go. We're not hearing quite as much chatter. A little bit the lower, lower volume. Right? Now we are here in some very important revelations though. I love you, daughter, daughter, daughter. Yeah. It's all going on, baby. One word or two words at a time. You'll see. We'll tell his tale one way or the other way. Now, somebody faces from the Hollywood Dog Track. The second race. You see this in the main main main main main main main main main main main main main main. Yeah, Jerry. Thanks, Jerry. This is amusing. More Howard came in second. The second race at Hollywood Greyhound track. Absolutely. During the matinee was whenever recently. Thank you, Jerry. It's amusing is help. Right? Absolutely. Shut up. Bring these wedding meltdown. How's that pull come? We only got about a quarter of an hour to go to before we change it to Dean against Bush? I mean, I realize it's only January, but we got the, uh, primaries coming up. We got the Iowa caucus any minute now. 458 votes. If the election was today who would you vote for? Wesley Clark, 314, 68.5%. George W. Bush, 81, 17.6%. And I wouldn't vote, 63. 13.7%. Brittany's wedding meltdown. And Quarra answers the question all America's asking. And do you hear, is anybody asking about it? Oh, yeah, everybody. Why did she do it? Why did she do it? She was going to waste. He ever grow test or what? He is a mugwump. Years. Man. Brittany's spirit's wild sperm of the moment wedding from, to a two-fisted barroom brawler resulted from a secret dating relationship. She kept the drafts by quietly seeing him when she went back home. The inquiry has learned exclusively. Brittany's latest shocking maneuver horrified both her mom, Lynn and the groom's mother, neither who were consulted or even invited to the ceremony that Vegas mirage chapel, and by the way, they're on high-learned Vegas. For the next 20 wedding. While the daily press described the wedding as a booze fuel joke that went too far, and inquire investigation has found that the sexy singer had a limited dating relationship with Hunky Jason Alexander over the past two months. I think what they mean is Hunky. Hunky. Hunky Jason Alexander, hooking up with him once she returned home to Kentwood, Louisiana, hooking up with a meaning screw on her brain sound. Obviously, right? Oh, God, she was screwing that. Oh, man. I think every red blooded hair was sexual in the universe, thought to be pissed off about that in indignant. Sources who saw Brittany in Vegas and were even close enough to smell her breath. And since she was not drunk while getting her wedding license, or while tying that off, however, what's wrong with her? Now, where is that? Oh, it's not in this article. There's another one I saw. Where's got to picture the two of them? Oh, oh, my. How is this one? What is it? I think I'm missing a page somewhere. Hello, is it? Is that possible? I'm missing anything. I'm just losing it rapidly. Oh, seriously. That's the kindest thing I would say about him. Anyway, in fact, eyewitnesses who spoke exclusively that in Quarassat she was heavily, happily, deeply emotional loving and even Quarassat's of joy at the altar after saying her vow to Jason and Old Childhood friend who once attended Dake here center run by Brittany's mom. The Inquarass investigation also uncovered stunning details of Jason's violent past and present. Brittany's bizarre marriage meltdown was typical of her rash controversial unprettyable behavior of late, including that televised kiss with Madonna, which is shocked her on to rise. The singer was entranced by the swaggering Macho lifestyle of Jason, who was at brushes with a law three times of clearly one conviction. After dating mild mannered pussy Justin Timberlake, she was captivated by the tough six foot two weightlifter sources say. Brittany felt there's been something missing in her life since Justin revealed a close source. She was drawn to Jason's bad boy image and thought they were soulmates. She lacked about knowing him since he was a baby. And this thing goes on and on for about I don't want to read. To the press. Especially now that we know that there were sooner brains out. Aren't you the press? Well I figured that. Did you? Oh yeah. You figured they were doing it? She's a good. What are the disgusting thoughts? She's a slot? She's a hose beast. Oh right. Well there you go. See not like I said people have a feeling of optimism now as opposed to being depressed only moments ago. Right? I always loved you. I'll go to back for you. But wow, that's okay. I mean you're not my type. Stick with clearance. Okay. What's your name? Yeah. Oh no names are to give an on these tapes. Oh no, to protect the guilty parties. Because we don't want more coming in Monday morning. Throw another catcher and kicking in the door. And you miserable son of a bitch. You stay away from me. Junior, you're a few minute. You stay to few go away from me. Now. What? Now. I mean you're one it seems to be most entertained by these are the mystery tapes. The pre-language tapes. It's what? The presentation. I see. Well, there could be more drips and drabs. It's not all that long anyway. Now the other one that we had on the before part of that is still on there. Yeah. Somebody makes me the right offer like maybe 10, 15 extra weeks vacation this coming year. Maybe. Huh? Maybe I won't play any of that other stuff. But then on the other hand, maybe I will. You know what I mean? That's the loot. How that you do. And by the way, I thought you didn't listen, Mo. I don't understand how a guy who's always with his centaurian voice insisting. He doesn't listen to the show with disgusting and symbolic up. How he's always having an nervous breakdown about the truth that we spew about him on his show. I'm listening. Now, but you are here in tea. I bet you everybody's life on a rabbit. You're a life on a mole. He's your listener right now. I'm listening. Huh? He got phone calls. Oh, I see. Yeah. Here it's what? Great fine. Well, you better check your sources next time Mr. I do. You got phone calls. My ass. He's hanging on every second this show. That sounds like. My time slot. I need to let's dedicated for me. I know. Anyway, Matt Vivens writes in the nation in his daily outreach column. And I loved this. I think it's about time somebody said this. I should have said it the other day. But even even I don't have the balls to sit the way he did. Seriously. This whole business about move on dot org and Hitler stuff. It says that the nation's John Nichols reports move on dot org is being pounded upon hysterically by the Republican Party over two ant contest entries. Mailed in from the public not endorsed by move on even a apologize for and pulled from the website as the Comparer George W. Bush to eight all-fitler. Move on notes. Sauerly hower that none of this in the nation was around when Democratic Senator Max Cleeland a dedicated veteran who lost both of those legs in an arm serving in Vietnam was smeared by the Republican leadership with TV ads comparing him to a soma bin Laden in Saddam Hussein. And Timothy Carrad media channel dot org observes, even as the mainstream media has raised cries of shame at the Bush Hitler ads, which were mailed in a two-way Bush Bush in 30 second sad contest in promptly rejected. There's been total silence about these still truck-it-lally defined decision by the New York Post to run a column devoted entirely to comparing hower Dean supporters to Hitler's Brown shirts and Dean himself to not the propaganda's Joseph Gerbals. Curse suggests you ask your favorite news outlet to explain the double standard. Two citizen sentence speech comparing the Bush administration to Hitler, speech that's promptly rejected by progresses even apologised for out of embarrassment to even be briefly associated with, and it's a sort of national news event. But leading citizens and editors that a major metropolitan newspaper cracked in print a detailed comparison of hower Dean to Hitler, they don't apologize. They don't back down or disobey and they're smug silence. While you're at it then ask him how it wasn't an national disgrace that a man who left three of his limbs on a battlefield in Vietnam could be called in Republican Party's sponsored ads on television, while Kaita Lover just because Republican operatives coveted his Senate seat and because he adhered question the president's war in Iraq. That was probably the closest thing we've seen yet to a Gerbals moment, where was the New York Post's crack Gerbals watching team then? Maybe if the Republicans police their own ranks in minority of the American public wouldn't be entertaining dark fears about homegrown fascism. Well written by Matt Pivins in the Aination Outrage Com. I just go on Matt, you go boy. Much of hypocrites. Just like Rush, the same scrap man. All those drug people should be in jail and we ought to start enforcing the laws, all those scumbags those low-life. Right. Well when you're gonna sign up, Rush, when you're gonna like check yourself in. He's that sort of being there right now. I gotta be cool in this heels. Yeah. 471 votes on a poll. We got seven minutes in county before we change it at noon when the little hands first the big one. If the election were being held today for a home when you vote, Wesley Clark 324 68.7%. George W. Bush 84 17.8% I wouldn't vote 63 13.3%. Oh, and speaking of that, what a good segue. I sound like Henry Barrow there. Oh, yeah. Very close. Henry. Oh. Henry, loose some weight, man. Losing out to two. We're also goddamn fat. It's just it's pathetic. I think it's a plot. To plot and go cut is like doing something with our food supply and play like a rink and a balloon up is at it. Anyway, poll shows this is in a herald this morning for yesterday. Poll, his spanish support for president Bush and more grows but still lies behind the general population. More his spanish support the war in Iraq and the George W. Bush administration today than before. Sodom Hussein was captured though they still lied behind the general population and they're appropriating the present results from two national polls show. The widely publicized capture also changed their stance on the military before Sodom was caught. More his spanish said they wanted U.S. service members to come only immediately but the majority now say coalition forces should stay in Iraq. The combined results of two polls released yesterday by the Pew his spanish center. One was conducted in December before Sodom was seized and one January 2 through 4. Identify important changes in his spanish attitudes towards Iraq, the economy and the presidential elections had Robert Syro directed the Pew his spanish center. There's a volatility in the Hispanic population in response to events in Iraq and that'll be good news for the president as long as events go well. But it could clearly turn out the other way as well. Syro said yesterday in telephone conference with journalists. While only 27% of his spanish said they would vote for Bush in December. 37% in the January poll said they will vote to reelect them. An increase of 10 points. The poll and then of course we had the thing on immigration the other day. Yep. Right? Poof your citizen. Well it's poof you can stay here and you can keep working. Right. The poll sample is nationally representative of the Latino adult population in terms of gender, age, education, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, man, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, before age, age, age, age older, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age, age This is Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8M. American girls in American guys who only listen to the message from the Uber ride will have their table tag flying as the troops come home dead. They find the comfort of the night, hiding under the bed. I never served in the army. I'm too afraid to find. So I sit right here near the TV far from the liberal. Nice! Hundreds of covers you'll discover. I'm a big sushi. They would prepare to have some mother do the fighting for play. Now this country I love is hockey pine and I rack. And all the suckers like me who's next are bread and the pack. Have our cons all placed firmly. Emotions big brown eye. The pig mouth cow works over old who gladly. I love fly. Hey Uncle Sam up there with bread. To fight over in this. But you can count on me to watch TV and shake my face. And my plan will fly. From the back of my truck. Like any other pseudo-pacryotic dumb f***ing. And my view of the old white world is what I see on Fox News. Yeah I'm an art care warrior. You know's better than you. I'm an in-grid jerk. You better take music. Don't have a reader in search. It's so much easier this way. Too fat or enlist, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist as I lower my fly So I can pull on my hood, to proudly show the swat to cut that tune on my nuts The solids are our best friends in the world, my foes are racky and argy Damn the darn chair warrior From all three at five sixty wqam, how come we got the stuck at 499 there did Eric disable the polar or what? I think he's the red on which? Slept it. Is he swishing it? Okay at a 499 votes if the lesser being held a day for president. Who'd you vote for? Wesley Clark's 344 68.9 percent. George W. Bush 87 17.4 percent and I wouldn't vote 49. I'm out rather 68. I'm sorry 68 13.6 percent. I'm saving that. Save it, Neil. Okay, and I will put the now we're going to switch it and put Dean against Bush and I wouldn't vote. We'll see if there's any difference. Somebody is upset with the TV stations and so forth and up for obvious reasons. It's the accurate news reporting of my ass. Next research. Channel seven news on their website local news and we got a right to here on the show. We don't even know what else going on. We're out of touch. Channel seven news hit on nurse theory. Driver killed when SUV falls four stories from Broward garage. Did I mention that in the first hour? Yes. And did I say four stories? Yes. Didn't see an NSA four stories? Yes. Now, Channel six says on their website carfalls eight stories from Broward parking lot. One did. And the Sun Sentinel, which is just an embarrassment, just humiliating and degrading that those of us in Broward. Wow. Pack to put up with that as an excuse for a newspaper. The only thing it makes the Sun Sentinel look better is the fact that they count he's got the hero. But that's the only thing. At least one person is believed that after SUV plunge to a retaining wall on the fifth floor of a public parking garage. I mean, granted, you can say where you're nitpicking out, but there's three different reports on the same story. Maybe the county from the top. So we got fourth floor, fifth floor, eighth floor, and they're still dead. Tragic. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Just in case we're not building any polls. We're going to get the Dean thing on her is like, what's the story now? Are we there? Is he loading it? Is he dealing with it? We'll see. And refreshing. Oh, there you go. Nice going. The psychic Eric, as soon as that mentioned that there was like only moments later. So now you got Dean against Booster, I wouldn't vote. Sheeding Chelsea. I mean, I could take the rest of the show to read this, which I won't cause she's too damn boring anyway. She calls off secret wedding date as jealous boyfriend explodes over Boosey table dance with Mark Walberg. WQA in. Does the kids have the queer? Yeah, I've stands for queer. WQA, I'm yes. We're no, it's WJM. Chelsea Clinton and her boyfriend Ian Clouse. Had an ugly verbal crisis, he accused the former first daughter of cheating and she cancelled their secret wedding date. The fighter up to now for Chelsea performed a Boosey dance on table with Hunky Mark Walberg at a Miami Beach hotspot while jealous Ian looked on in dismay. Do you know something? What? Have you ever seen him in Clouse? Yeah. I'd say it's the same person. Him and Hillary. Only the nose has been changed to protect the guilty. I think they got like a plug on nose. It's an arranged marriage anyway. But I mean, take a look at that. I have, wow. Holy cow. He's got that same fucking hairdo. The Hillary do that Chelsea's always got. Yeah, with the real frizzy. Mm-hmm. And the couple remained at odds before they finally patched up their shaky relationship with the romantic New Year's vacation into Bahamas. What do you mean it's a, it's a phony balones. Oh, rich power family kind of guy. Yeah. Kind of like Charles and Diana. Hey, I'll get back to your Diana by the way, the inquest is going on over there. Anybody here care about that? Oh, of course now. Why does anybody care about that? Silly ass brids stuff. They're finally getting around to the inquest because they got a pass by old duty fire there. You know? He's having a, he's having a Schmidt fit. Well, the royal family had her killed. And you know what, maybe they did. And so what about it now? What are we going to do about it? Put the queen in jail? Okay. We'll be the first queen in jail. I guarantee you that. Look at that. We got a quick 10 votes on there in a Howard Dean pool. Seven for Howard Dean. Wait, the quick 22 votes. 19 for Dean. I wouldn't vote two in George W. Bush one. It was really interesting. And the other one, two with Clark and Bush, how the, the initial spurts. The squirts, squirt. We're like so heavily. I mean, like almost overwhelming. And then the bush people a little bit slowly, little reluctantly. Maybe as the word, you know, got around. Maybe they're receiving phone calls. The lazy chain, you know, about. They're getting the same phone calls that absolute somebody else was getting yesterday. Well, I actually have it. I have another job I can do. Yeah, well, you better get prepared for it. John Bene for gotten DNA evidence. Here's key figures. I got just a pile of stuff here. And I'll go through it. I mean, it takes some calls, but gentlemen, there aren't any. And that first one's in indication that they got no material. Because we're not building a pool. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. Speak now for a whole year piece. Okay. Hold it. I don't see anything happening on air. They got off in the sea. No. What are busy voting on the pool now? Don't you think it's going to be interesting to see if Dean and of course Dean will be on all weekend long. But the percentages is what's going to tell the tale. Right? Right. That Daisy chain might be going out. Maybe them phone calls have been going out all over town. WQM line six. Hello, Neil. Yes. Are we blessed to leave it up? Oh, yeah. It's off the block. See what I mean? All right. Or you can tell when you've been doing the show for at least a week. You can tell right off the bat. When you people are flat out of material. Got absolutely nothing to say. I thought that letter that I read the father of the dead soldier in Iraq. I thought that was pretty poignant. Maybe that's maybe they're too choked up the talk. Like I would. Yeah, they're choked it out. Right. They're gagging. Absolutely. Right. Now getting the real stir on what happened yesterday with what's it in getting can't off the morning show. Yeah. Yeah. I think there's a master of words, man. If anybody could sum it up, it's old. What's his name? Yeah. 560560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Let's see how many. I mean, this thing should be like powerful if Dean is really, 48 votes. 40 for Dean. 83.3% George W four votes and I wouldn't vote for it. What? So how do you like that? Hmm. Ain't that interesting? It isn't. Interesting. And in case you missed the beginning of the show, the latest the channel ate the Moin Iowa pool taken last couple of days, which they released last night. It showed how are Dean 29% in Iowa. Dick give her 25% John Kerry had. What? I already Schmidt came to that thing. Oh, there it is. Kerry had the 18% John Edward's 8% Wesley Park Only 3% Jewelie Breman and Dennis could send his each had 2% and Carell mostly brought out Sharpton didn't register because there are no shfarts in Iowa. So that's the bottom line and the latest national pool on AP. I mean granted this only January. 41% of the respondents nationwide according to AP say they'll definitely vote for the next year 33% definitely going to vote against him and 24% on the side. Again, keep in mind that's early on the heels of the capture of Sodom. And all these other wonderful good things that are happening. Right. End of the war. Soldiers back home. Right. There you go. Economy. Great. Oh, by the way, speaking of the economy. The jobs report and what did I tell you? The Nasdaq is up nine points now. I'm telling you, man. I don't want to say that I'm suspicious. The jobs report they were the so-called experts were looking for 130,000 new jobs in December. Guess how many they were about 30? 1000. They were looking for 130,000 new jobs in December. 1000. I just mentioned that in passing. And of course of those thousand probably how many were it McDonald's and Burger King. And keep in mind in December the kind of people that are working like Christmas times stuff like that. But hey, we don't want to like PN everybody's parade just like they got a call before that just got laid off. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. The ball is in your curve for our court. Come November. What's what's the election day? Can you look ahead on the calendar there? Can Josh like for a little bit to the bit. Flip out the November and see what I told they they booked first Tuesday and November is after the first Monday. One moment please. Isn't that what the deal is the first Tuesday after the first Monday. The election day. Marry there. It's Tuesday the second. Really? Really? It's a little bit earlier. So we have a couple of day in fact wouldn't that be a great birthday present. I remember I said that in 1968. There would be a birthday present in the future. I wonder what a beat nicks in what? Your birthday is on Friday. We can have a big blowout. All right. When it's out, blow it out. There was recorded and not. Oops. How many of you am hello? Hello, New. Yes sir. Hey, I was just in the box at a monetary fund. Of course you read yesterday and I heard about it on the news also. Yes sir. I am. Yeah, I am that that did. I think George Bush will just say, Prince the more money. This stupid ass right. I don't even get the mayor's kid the Prince the more money in Miami. He can please. Oh, good. Yeah. I'm right. I could like to paly. Don't forget we get half. We get half. Sure and sure. Like. Or maybe that's a bitch and Cleveland would like to eat a little bit. Get her hooks into it. Everybody has passed. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. I mean talk about having no self-respect at all. I mean what a money grubbing bitch. Lions. She got the tears in her eyes. Oh, I apologize. And I wish the best to all watch her name there. Man. Just enough to make you gag. Of course, if we thought we could get away with it. Huh? You won't get too many people to admit it. But if you thought you could get away with saying, I had to take but I lost it. And I really even titled 162 million. You're going to give it a shot? No. Huh? If I'd have known to lost it, I'd have kept it. But I wouldn't go through a scam like that. Why not? Because that's come on. Sorry. If you let me say it again. See you missed the first part. Do you actually really believe somehow that you could get away with it? No. Huh? Not my style. Oh, I see. I give it a shot. 1213 at 5.60 WKM. Hey, now tell you one thing. Don't let your car get into the hands of some goofball out there. It's going to screw it all up for you. Or rip you off when any kind of a car repair. Take it to EF tar and auto repair. There was 583 North Federal Highway just a mile and a half. No, it's a sample road in Pompano Beach. Believe you me, they won't do any repairs that you don't absolutely need. And they will not rip your ass off. And EF tar and auto repair experience. The difference that experience makes they know there's stuff. All EF mechanics are ASC certified technicians, court with all the latest technology. And most of these guys have been with the EF team for nearly 20 years. The EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience. And no job is too big or too small at EF from a blown fuse or blown engine from a 73 to an 0 4 Bentley. The folks at EF tar and auto repair do it all. All jobs are meticulously double-checked. That's just ordinary plain double-checked, but meticulously double-checked. For accuracy by the shop, foreman and every single car is clean upon completion of the work. EF honors most extended warranties, and they offer you wide-await service on most repairs too. EF tar and auto repair there at 583 North Federal Highway and prestigious Pompano Beach, Column 954-4269926. 954-4269926 be sure and tell that old deal toward a decoll. And when you do make that call ask about their 90 day same as cash, no interest credit card. EF tar and auto repair nationally recognizes one of the most successful automotive repair joints in the Atari USA, and EF there moderately is nobody cares more, and nobody nowhere will work harder to earn your business. 954-4269926-759926 First it was a hit on MGV. Then, a number 1 movie! Now, it's coming to Broadway! It's Chuck Ass, the musical, starring Johnny Knoxville! Oh, Johnny's Red Your Chees! Johnny! I'm so fun to come to right there in the Gucci! Yeah! Yes, all those risky stunts have been combined with fabulous showtunes to create... Jackass! The Musical! Wow! The music! The dancing! The guy eating a yellow snowcoat! It was better than cats! 76 dumb guys, pass you the whole party! 76! I'm a real man! Oh, this Jackass is a beautiful! With all your favorite Jackass's on stage singing torch songs, then setting their hair on fire with them! I'm evil, I'm just breaking local! I'm hurting myself, too many! Well, great white way has just turned black and blue! Thanks, too! Jackass! The Musical! You're telling me that he got blown off his show. Look, all I know is he got blown off the show! Clarence was smacking him hard when he told you the version A. I want to hear from the B. All I know is I witnessed the conversation in the bullpen. There you go, there's part one. I told you we played a whole thing tonight. Yeah, you did. We're not going to play anything with it. And certainly not with it. But the other part, why not? Right. Right. Let's get the two story out there. Now that we got somebody in total tonight, I hope he was blown people off his show. And then gets very indignant in the psychotic and kicking indoors and threatening people because of the fact that we had the balls to tell the truth about it here on the ear. You see, I'll say it again. And I'm sure that most of you people, if you work in an office, you work in any kind of a business, you know people like this or you've known him in the past. People like to stir up all kinds of crap behind the scenes who are absolute to argue to be able to example, Sandy Payton. Okay. Never remember every, not that I've worked with her, but everybody we talked to would QA at IOD, they worked with her, said the same thing. She was a miserable, hateful, bitch, impossible to work with just an nasty rotten piece of crap. Yes, they said this. And on the ear, lovely lady. She put on his phony, or I, you know, a lovely lady. And everybody thought she was so gentile and all the sort of crap, not gentile, but definitely intelligent and real. Yeah, you're, you're, you can't define actually as a miserable, hateful, bitch. In fact, why couldn't we never still be alive at well? You know why I'm thinking? Yeah. That's bad. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. We got the first 98 votes here in no time at all on Howard Dean and Bush. 102 votes now. But if the election, and I got a good idea. Okay. because we saw plenty of time. It's only 1220. Damn it. It's only 1220. But we can do this other poll because we don't want to do two hours on Wesley Clark and Bush and then do the whole weekend on Dean. See what I'm saying? All right. And give all the freepers to chance to get on there and dittled all up. So we'll build this other poll because the car had a great idea. What well-known celebrity would you like to have dinner with? So at the end of the show, you see what I'm saying? Okay. When the show is over, we'll put up whatever list we got. We got Robert Duval on there when we got a list of one. That's a good choice. I got one but I feel like I have to justify it. Go ahead. I know that I'm going to get a good dinner and I know that it's going to be really interesting. Oh, every story. No, no, no. My hand though. Marlon Brando is excellent. You'll put on a big feedback. Oh, I know you don't have to be defensive about that. Yeah, they do. It makes it an choice. I have to eat some stories, man. We'll do it. They hear a curl on your hand. And I get to visit that island. Right. So that's a good choice. Okay. So there's the poll question for all the people who are going to be like to a clock through the weekend. Because we don't want to leave any of these people that we put on there against Bush, we want two hours here, two hours there. We want to keep it on a fairer sledding, no way. No, huh? Okay, keep it on even key. Oh, right. Well, why not? I don't care who wins. I'd like to say I'm curious to see how this audience is hanging it. Out. 102 votes, Howard Dean 82. I wouldn't vote 12 and George W. Bush eight. Now, what should we kind of surprise to Howard Dean does much, much better than what's we expected. That would be surprising in our audience. Howard. Howard. Why would the Bush people like Dean more than Clark? In other words, why would people that would have voted for Bush or, you know, against Clark vote for Dean instead over Bush? Myself. That's what he's wrote in for his self. What's his name? Yeah. Seriously, the audience I know that we have a lot, a lot of people out there will never convince and that's okay. Yeah, I believe whatever you want. That's the way people are. But they really think that this whole thing is all stick and it's all we're just making a, and QAM. You don't have to make anything up. Believe me. You don't have to have any kind of a living or a living of the imagination. Just go with the flow. Lying nine, I've just got a good one for the poll QAM. Hello. Isn't no Howard David a question? What do I mean? I know it. Who? WQAM. Hello. Hi. Yeah. Can I speak with now? Speaking. I know how you doing. I'm doing. Okay. How are you? I'm doing good. I, I mean, what's it in the Nepal and so I believe that I think would be cool to have dinner with would be kiss riches of the Rolling Stones. Right. Imagine the stories that I could tell you. Imagine a good crappy bring along with them too. Yeah. Yeah. It's a plus. I mean, saw a little after dinner smoke. Yeah. Whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But I could. I just, I just kind of saw the, you know, a role of people. Why not get a guy that's an insane, as long as you pick it up the tap. Right. You know, he's insane. He's probably got a million stories. Probably got a half a dozen little hoties chasing them around and if he picks up the tap, everything works good. I know he's probably not going to match up on your poll, but if I was going to go out with a celebrity to have dinner, I think we'll be kiss riches. Okay. Do you got a man? Good choice. Thanks. All right. Thank you. See you. I'm trying to think of who I would vote for. Actually, I'm like, I'm working on it. I haven't decided yet. It's not that easy. It's not. No. It kind of. It is kind of like going back to the other pull that I was doing all the way. I think the car earlier put it phrase that much better than I did. And obviously, we're going to get a little bit better results. We already do. But it just, yeah, most most select celebrities are boring. Then that to be a celebrity could be a politician could be, just about anybody, right? Right. What? Well, no, I can't because it's his celebrity right on here. Like I said, it can't be just anybody. Maybe we're not phrasing that right. How about what well-known person would you like to have dinner with? Doesn't that make the celebrity? No, because politicians aren't what well-known person would you like to have dinner with? I'm my choice. I got it already because I just changed it. Michael Moore. Okay. Good choice. Although it probably cost me a few bucks to read the ETC even more than I do. But boy, I'd love to sit down with him for a couple hours at Ruth Chris. I'd buy Mike. He is got to be one of the most interesting, one of the most, I mean, he's right in my, we're in the same alley, man. It's fighting over that big steak. 560, 0560, WQM, hello. Yes? Yes, sir. This is it. Okay. I got it on. Okay. If you're on a diet, I've dinner with Jeff Remark. All right. Thank you very much. That is outstanding. There's only one problem with that, sir, and that is he never goes on a diet as firstly, when you're dining with him and you'd be buying. That was the point. 560, 0560, pound 560 on ETC and T. So we put in that one? No, we should not add that. You should go this way. Yeah. And it was basically like it's the same thing that hours are saying to me. It's like, oh, you know, we need to go to different directions. I still love you. I always loved you. I'll go to back for you, but not in my time slot. I need to dedicate it for me. That is not. See, it's always that same. That is not. No matter who it is, you can it's either or that one. And it's still a tadana. Nobody's ever good enough for the moment. WQAM, hello. Yeah, sir. Yeah, have you seen the website, Bush in 30 seconds.com? Yes. I've voted on yesterday on the different and there was a minute. Yeah. Okay. Sorry. Don't be sorry, Palia. Everybody ought to go to move on. .org. Maybe we had to put a link to that on our website. Although I don't want to overburden Eric again. Who get all that out of shape. I'll always sure to have much to do today until the end of the show when we put this other pull up and then it'll be like all done. Done deal, right? Right. But maybe we can put a link to move on that org because people I'm sure we're like to see those 30 second ads and the ones that they had voting on, uh, we both want to voting on the last night. Do we not already have a link to move on, dot org? Do I? I'm a no. I think of you get it. Take a little peek at it. 138 votes in less than half an hour already on the Bush in Dean Deal. If you lecture more today, who would you vote for? Howard Dean 111, 80.4%. I wouldn't vote 14, 10.1%. And George W. A. Second win here, man. George W. Bush 13, only 9.4%. And beard he was hiding just like a mole. Take a sip, smell the stench. You might almost think he's French. His facial hair is that so nice. Check your careful lean for life. Thank you. There goes the great sedan. Yeah, but talk to his sin. The dumb hope in life. But he could have signed anywhere. Then's inside. Sighter hold, sighter hold. That is where we found this troll. Raise the tans and wet himself. Bear with him. He will rock and help. And last, president Bush is so bad. He runs the down this scumbag. Down in the spider hole. Oh, 30 at 5.60. W. A. We got a good schedule. They may. We got the original lineup. Well, whatever we got. Mad Dog at two. At least after starting at 10. Mad Dog at two. The hump or his back after four days in the bag. Hump or his back or the seven second in the load. That was fun. Then we got the big at seven, Eddie K. at 10. And then sporting news radio over night to the six and morning because ESPN radio is no longer with us because they're starting their own station with six watts. What is going to be seven 90? So not only is Greg crap in his pants because there's another sports station coming on, which won't have even a one share we know. But now the station that we generally farm out the ball games to when we have a conflict. Yeah, I guess we're not going to be able to farm out seven 90 or something. We'll find somewhere. We're going to hold a bunch of them. What was that one like 1940 on the dial we had last time? 21 2780 on your AM dial. It's for that hurricane soccer match. Well, sticking to hurricanes. Then and then Zack said, well, I actually have a I have another job I can do. 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Well, well known person would you like to have dinner with. We got Robert Duval Marlon Brando, Keith Richards and Michael Moore. WQM, hello. Anyhow you doing. Pretty good. Let's let me justify my answer for the poll first. Go ahead. Hey, yeah, what's this guy? We get you laid left and right. Johnny that baby. You know, and that came to mind mine too because I made him that one time I had him on my show year 18 years ago on Zeta and I'd like to, you know, get some of his money anyway. Oh, that's been a I'm going to. Thanks, Pally. Johnny that's a good choice. He's an interesting guy. And he lives in France because you think America's two violent. Right. He doesn't want to raise his kids here. And I think he's got his heads on straight. It is a good choice, but hanging out with him isn't going to get you laid. Well, you never know. He might have some, you know, some stuff hanging out with like Ron Jeremy or the beast will get you laid. Oh, hanging out with the beast will get you laid. Yeah, because if I see you run by a 50 of beauty, is that what you try to say? You want to be with somebody that'll make you look real good. Oh, no, it's what you're understanding. The guy's trying to what he's trying to say is that he figures. He's got a whole bunch of hot babes lined up. And they will see him. It will spread around. But when you never know, maybe this guy looks so okay. Probably better than the beast. Speaking of the beast. Wow, is he the best of what? I think he's every day and himself. You know, we've always run in hot and cold on the beast, but now I love him, man. I love him like a brother. He's a cutely buddy. He's a cutely guy. And in fact, because of the fact that more he's so bad and wants to be right, practically threatening him. You happen to stay away from me. You stay that way away from me. Stayed a few go away. You a little junior. The enemy of my enemy is my right. That's right. Beast is number one in my book right now. We don't want to mention what's his name. Zack. Oh, well, that's because and see it's not. It's Clarence that got him all bent on the shape because Clarence is the pussy. Zack had no problem telling us exactly what went down. But Clarence is trying to pacify and modify. And therefore, so he just lies a lot. That's all. Comes in this morning puts on that dog and pony show for me. That was that was humiliating. And then he just about cracked his pants when he thought I was taping it. Which I still got that by the way. Oh, I'm bringing this cassette with me better than pictures. Yeah, talk about ammunition. I'm bringing this cassette in fact. I'm going to stick it my underwear and always have it. Just in case I've never needed to see what's in the warm. Always have that ammunition on you. 165 votes. Oh, look at that. There's Arnold unveiling his budget in California. Isn't this pathetic? Planet a news conference later today. We'll keep you posted. Oh, no, thanks. Well, I'll send that. Well, it's great man. He's a jackass. He's an imbesal. 165 votes. Like I said, 171. If the election were today, who would you vote for? How are Dean 136 79.5%. George W. Bush 19 11.1% and I wouldn't vote 16. Same pattern though. You know, this that house slow the Bush people are coming around. It really makes you a wonder. You know, you start a little chatter. Like that again. I don't know. Back on yellow alert, back to notch down. Start here a little bit more chatter. About what this is all about how the Bush people are coming to hear a little bit late. Makes you really suspect. But anyway, John Van A forgotten DNA evidence clear as key figures. Well, I'm going to get a lot of calls coming in for that pull. I want to build that pull ups. We're doing some good choices for the weekend. Don't you sure? WQM. Hello. How are you doing? Pretty good. Is this new? Sounds like me. Yeah. How are you doing, sir? Excellent. Yeah, two things. While back you guys are talking about violent movies, watch, eat to the killer and the second one. I could see your ass on that pull. My ass? Your ass. I'm about to rest in the kneels. I ask. Okay. I'll put kneels in. Thanks. Okay. I'll just set it up on the table. Oh, I'm going to have dinner with kneels. I asked. Rested Miss Busy today, but okay. Neurodges. There you go. Why not? Why not? I got a lot of good stories for you. Yeah. There was recorded or not. Oh, okay. I thought the beast segment was longer than that. We might have to put some of the exact material on the board. And it'll start sweating again, sweating. Oh, I can be winded. I can go all away back at the beginning. But I think some of the stuff that hurt when he told you the version A. I want to hear from the beast. You know what? I'm going to start doing that on a routine basis. So anybody that comes in? Huh? I always thought you did. Anybody that comes into the studio when at least expected. Just be careful what you say because it just might wind up on the air all you pussy's out there that talk. We'll dig behind everybody's back. But then all of a sudden when it goes on you. Oh, how come you did that? Why did you? Because because I could. Why don't I? WQA and hello. Yeah. I'll go deal. Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no. I'm going to be an excellent. Good. Well, exactly. Thanks a lot, Pally. Five. And I still say that household's got to be one of the best he's married to. What's your name? Battle and card. No, he's married to what's your name from Fatsau. Oh, oh, oh, oh, third and bankrupt. And bankrupt. Can you imagine you just be peeing in your pants? You have to be wearing depends on that household. Exactly. That's what the beast was saying. Just before he said, oh, I know. I witnessed five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T. I mean, never has so much been made about so little. You know, oh, again. Yeah, for the umteam time making a big, semis getting everybody all stirred up another inquisition because I had the audacity to go on your yesterday's health at truth that most of the piece of crap prick. That's what he is and keeps firing people off of his show. Where do you get your information? You know, and then he's finally, it's several months down the road. He'll finally admit in a moment of weakness when his bags slips off the edge of the table. He'll finally admit, oh, there's I hadn't blown off my show because he wasn't doing a good job. Now, the final amendment like he did with the beast. Um, unprofessional. Everybody knows you rely on second crap. Mo. So why not come clean, okay? WQAM. Hello. Come to you. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. You know, it's amazing that uh, it is a nation that, you know, that that Mo Howard, that just to keep his job when he brings nothing to the table. Right. You know, so I said before, if he brought something great like big ratings or whatever, you know, they blew, they blew them for out of there to make room for him. When I doesn't that cross your ass? You big time because I thought you forget a great job. Right. And you know, not not to forget about the chemistry between men and women. And he didn't have the message. Absolutely. And I was doing with all the men. God be mad dog. That's right. Right. You listen to a dolphin's game. It's like, you know, the the, the, the, the, the, the air so thick. You could cut it with the freaking knife. Right. You know, again, I mean, you know that he doesn't like him. You know, the guy's got, you know, the guy's got two listeners. One little Havana and, and shall we impep a pint? Open parentheses, three village close parentheses. Oh, and don't forget about Dennis the chronic Catholic who hates me up. Well, the new Roger. I mean, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, you know, it's, I, I just love the fact that I have a CD player of my car. So I could listen to the CDs at the morning. Right. And, you know, as far as who I would like to have dinner with. Yes. Dennis Leary. Oh, excellent choice. You know, gosh, I'm sure we could smoke a cognitive cigarette and put down a bottle of stock between him and me. I guarantee it's most something. No question about. Absolutely. Have a great while. Have a great weekend. See we're building a good list here. I knew it. And thanks to the guy that called earlier in the show and corrected me on the poll because my poll question was getting no risk. It was, it just not good. You know, it was a word in that word. But I can't all be great, you know, they can't all be great. Mr. Hachada can't always be like it, you know, in the, whatever in the summer. Like on the, on the, on the, not the dating game. What's the other one? Five U banks. I knew the way. I knew we went. I did. It's funny. You mentioned that because I just saw that clip a couple of weeks ago. The show and all the outtakes. It was a beautiful 30th moment ever. Well, at least you was being honest anyway, you know, back to them. Twenty-two one at five sixty WQ a M. One, two, three, four. We're sports video five sixty. You a M. I'll buy the buy the buy the buy the boy. This holiday season, Big Tail Introduce of the Saudi party. Since our Saudi friends were upset with the old Barbies and saw Blonds named Barbie, are Jewish. So the good Patriots of Big Tail redesign her to make Barbie, Saudi friendly. Because, you know, the Saudis are I friends. They like us. And at nothing to do with 9-11, and us into do with my own and I know, and I know that I'm not in the mood to do with all of it. Nothing to do with it. So to cater to our Saudi friends by sliding our tongue further at their smelly hole, meet out of a Barbie. She comes complete with a sand display that lets you bury her up to her neck which he fell to obey. Or make your offenses. Bandar kid will yank her head off with a J. So behind a new list of coming. And our kids all separately. The longer Jewish, how are the buy the now resimbling barber eaten? It was Jewish. You can jail its big tail. Oh well. Well, well, 43 at five sixty WQM happy Friday to the Sunnis Shining here. It's 100 below zero. Man, it is so cold. You know, I'm going to do. I'm going to go to the little market. Can you be in store? Yeah. I'm going to give you some spaghetti and the sauce some ragu and go make me a little lunch. And I'm going to like to do like a polar bear and just crawl over the cover. It's just too cold to go out. Right. You know what I mean? Oh yeah, I do. And of course, my memory is a little bit long gone. That stuff. Because it's the first 31 years of my life. I live up north upstate New York, Michigan. Well, I've said I thought these lancing music and was cold and it was. Of course, that was like in the blowing and snow and all of that crap, which adds to it. There is no snow. In fact, there is virtually no snow even on a ground, no mole here. I'm like buffalo where to get in the up the s. See, the reason I don't want to go through it. But it's just, in fact, let me take a look at what the temperature is here right now because Castro will might be taking notes for his diary. And he got a hope that he finds some listeners in this next in December when a book comes out him and us as well. I don't think we have any crossover with him. Last time we took a poll on that, right? We had virtually no crossover with Castro Nova and yet he and I both took it way up inside the anson that November trend man. It's just horrible. What do you think that's all about? Don't know. Maybe they just don't like aging fat guys who've been on the ear too long. That might be it. Anyway, look at that. It's minus 20 is all it is. It's sunny. It's beautiful. Sitting inside and looking out the window. It looks fabulous. But it's 20 below a Celsius and they're saying it's going to make 15 below. I don't believe it because it's already almost one o'clock. Now what is 20 below translate to? I don't know. I lost that guide. 4 below 0. Oh man, 4 below 0. Ferran height. And the height of Maro though, it's going to be a lot better. The height of Maro is going to be minus 13, which is only 8 above 0. So it ain't too bad. It's quarter in which is anson. It's bad. Now get back to John Bene because I do have to read this out of all fairness although the inquire doesn't seem to be all that inclined to make a big deal out of it. Anually tested DNA sample taken from blood found on John Bene Ramsey's underpants does not match the people have been at the center of the case from the very beginning a source posted investigation reveals. And then make you feel bad? No. Among the individuals who's DNA does not match the sample are the late Bill McRennels who played Santa Claus at Ramsey Christmas parties and John and Patsy Ramsey themselves. Does that make you feel bad? No, so they didn't bleed out of it. No. Well who the hell did? I don't know. The DNA was extracted from a blood spot in 1999 two years after the six year old beauty queen was strangled and bludgeon and her parents home in border Colorado. But Ramsey attorney Lynn Woods has it over was overlooked until two months ago. That's when border DA, Mary Keen and submitted the DNA sample to the FBI's ever-growing National DNA data bank, which became operational in 1998. There it was compared to DNA already in the database from some 1.4 minute convicted felons and more than 66,000 DNA samples found at the scenes of unsolved crimes throughout the US. The DNA from John Bene's underpants will also be compared to nude DNA samples, which are constantly being added the FBI database. Although the task is arduous, attorney Wood believes it is the key to solving the case. The Aquarazler in the DNA, which is from a man, is also being tested against DNA samples, but recups turtleing the course of their investigation for more than 200 Ramsey friends, co-workers, acquaintances, and suspicious characters who came to their attention. Among those who willingly provided samples, our Ramsey housekeeper Linda Hoffman P. and Fleet White, who was Wood John Ramsey when Jellinase's body was found in the basement room of the Ramsey home, December 26, 1996. I thought that was kind of an animal, Fleet White. Right. By short, Post-Source said Keenens Office is already been able to rule out some of the individuals who provided DNA samples to the police, in addition to former journalists and professor McRennels, who was fingered as a suspect by the Ramsey's, they include Chris Wolfe, a former border journalist who came under suspicion when his girlfriend told police he may have had something to do with John Bene's murder. Wolfe sued the Ramsey's for naming him as a suspect in their book. The death of innocence, but the case was dismissed. His DNA sample does not match to the DNA found in John Bene's underwear said the close source. Another target crossed offless is Gary Oliva. There was Tony Oliva. Oh, the source? Right. Oliva. Oh, Kate Bane. I can make it so bad. I'm so glad he ate the canole. It was just too late in the movie. Hey, Eli, have another one. A convicted sex offender from Oregon, Oliva made Piquin trips to Boulder and expressed a strange fascination with little beauty queen. Keenens, who did not return a phone call for comet, has taken the job at a murder investigation away from the Boulder Police, who were widely criticized for their handling of the case. Wood and other advocates of the Ramsey's innocence claimed the cops focused only on John Bene's parents as the killers. Keenens had retired Colorado detective Tom Bene. To re-ear investigate the case is going on the record say she believes it's more likely that intruders responsible for John Bene's murder. A turning wood charge that police ignored the DNA sample, which doesn't match any Ramsey family member, for nearly four years because they were convinced that the Ramsey's killed her daughter. Now the Keenens dumb with the cops failed to do what is conventional solve the crime, when you find the match to this DNA profile you'll find the killer of Tom Bene. He said, John Ransy's friend Jim Areer told the inquire, a John believes that the one and only hope finding John Bene's killer is that the DNA can be met to someone. Other others close to the case, however, say the DNA testing is a dead end. Former prosecutor Mike Keen, who ran a 13-month grand jury investigation at Ealid Noen Diamonds, thinks the DNA could have been left by a worker at the factory where the underwear was made. He said there's always the possibility it got there through human handling. See that? Yes. So while it seems pretty damn conclusive on the one hand, I'll be other hand not so fast, say right, because as I was reading, I was getting more and more convinced like I'll be dead. We owe them an apology. You don't want to. I'll be dead. The conversation in the bullpen myself. Okay. 567. 0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. A lot of content on secure in man, a lot of his stereo, a lot of psychosis, a lot of craziness going on. That's a little bit as usual. I'm going to get off of that dishonest W action figure. Now I'll get back to the it to business. Well Eric pointed out that move on dot org. We have a big link above. Right under the little Google search box. So thing. Right on our links on top. Move on dot org. Right above. Stubborn email and websites and things like that. We got a suggestion on the email. Yeah, for the dinner list. The Dolly Lama. The Dolly Lama. What would you say? Hello. Dolly Lama. Lama LaPinga. Okay. Oh yeah, there he goes again. See there's more that spits stuff. Oh, I. Lama LaPinga. 214 votes. If the election were today, who do you vote for? Now, case you missed the first part of the show, which shame on you. We took the pull between Wesley Park and George W Bush. I don't know. Do you think that's what we really need to do, John Kerry. No. No. No. I think these are the only two real possibilities. The contenders. Right. Wesley Park had 68.9% Bush 17.4 and I wouldn't vote 13.6% out of just one shy of 500 votes in the first two hours. Now we switch it over to Dean against Bush. Let me look at those percentages. Out of 214 votes, course it's still early. Howard Dean 162 75.7% George W Bush's got 14% and I wouldn't vote 22. So now the percentages are 75.7 14 for Bush and only 10.2 say they wouldn't vote. But like I said, we got another hour of 10 minutes to go. 567.0.560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. What well known person would you like to have dinner with? Especially if they were buying. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Just as far as a dinner, I would say a Francis Copola. Yeah. I think you'd be a good guy to have dinner with. In fact, there's got the vineyard there. So yeah, you have a nice table out there at the estate. Right. Of course, he doesn't write when he cooks, you know, because apparently he has the best food on any set in Hollywood. Maybe he'd give you Robert DuVel's cat case recipe that he stole from that would be good. Oh that might be good. Yeah. I would be good. And yeah, I can not like, I guess he makes a nice sauce. So that's all you really need. Okay. Thanks. It's your look good on Mary's chest. I'll tell you that. Thanks a lot, Alan. Yeah. And I was a little bit of that sauce. Dad. Dad. Oh. 567.0.560 pound 560 on the AT&T. It's like it's almost like an addiction. You know, like Robert Palmer would say if he was still alive, it's almost like he predicted that the Godfather. He just cannot turn it off. I mean, I had a great selection of movies on at 777 going to Amsterdam. And here's Godfather's one, two and three. I got to be honest with you. Um, and I know I'm very much into tiny minority on this, but who gives a crap? Godfather, too. And I've seen it several times. I just don't have any desire to see that again. Really? No, I'd rather see Godfather three. And maybe because somebody acting was so bad, but also because of the Pope's story, I'm just fascinated by all of that stuff, you know? And of course, the Joey Zaza. You know, there's just a lot of good stuff there. The thing you brought a brains a little bit of nice type of leaks. But Godfather one, I don't care what anybody says. That's the definitive. That's uh, that's right. There's no Godfather one. It's just a Godfather. We're going to be fetching a soul again. Yeah. It's not called Godfather. What it's just called the Godfather. It's a good. Take it all. So many fantastic lines. I don't care. I'm a funny, take over any what, grease ball, come by, come out on a one word. Where am I going to run to make you take me, sir? This is bitter. But justice, we must go to the court only. Thank you, Henry, please, up, smart. I can be funny, sir. I'm so smart, and I want this, sir. Well, let me tell you something, my crowd, Nick, friend. Look at brush his lips with the fishes. Do you know who I am? I'm more green. I made my bone when you were going out with cheerleaders. Oh, poorly, won't see him no more. I want to make him an Alfred Gammie for you. See, he was beautiful. He was young. He was innocent. He was as great as peace of his eye that I had. I'm not at him all in the world. You're taking a spitting question. They thought when they should listen. Oh, come on. Oh, that's not one of them. I'll kill you the way. Get the bone or boy on the phone. 560 pound five. That way. He did a couple of good things, huh. Well, he was around. Whatever happened all that chalk you had laying in there by the evil. Easy. How do you Q and hello? Hey, I said something about the woman that called before about the Panthers and your letters. You letters, skateman. About what? She said that now that the panthers are playing good, I can start rooting for them again. Oh, I didn't really care about that. She said she could start rooting for her. I'm not a rotten piece of crap that this is. I'm telling you. I got a request. I don't know if you were there. I think George was there at the time. He played this thing from the Jack and Ali show how they're trying to find guests and they call SpongeBob. You got what is that called, you're gonna get that on man. And my bonus for Alan's fun or their would Kirby. Okay. What is your call? I don't know. You have it. What do you mean I have it? I don't think I played it. I got Sponge Cake. It's a Todd Petting Yo bit. It's longer than time. What is it about? Ali and Jack? Oh, and it's not in your thing? No, you have it. I don't have it. Oh, I see you even have it right. That's right. That's right. It's not in my thing. I'll tell you that I have to look for it. I'll take about 10 seconds. I can't find it. 5 670 560. We got 231 votes. Dean's got 176 76. 121 percent. Bush 32 13.8 percent. I wouldn't vote 239.9 percent. Those people that wouldn't vote. I wonder, you know, is there anything you can make them vote? Oh, and probably just as well. Maybe they're NATO rights. I'm not putting NATO on my pool. Okay. We'll not put them on our website. Absolutely not. I put some of those articles on there that I thought were well written and made some sense on our bedtime stories. That's fine. But as far as putting them on a pool, just don't do a Ralph. Okay. Come to your senses, man. Maybe I can help. The greens don't want you to know, Moe. Nobody with a brain wants you. I mean, you wouldn't you think that if he had any kind of any, and you know who we'd be ought to come out of the woodwork, even though his TV show is long since gone and we got some of these shows. Uh, Phil is done. He's right. And say, well, you know, something I did had good intentions last time. I want to see create some political change. But I see the damage that it's done. I see all these kids died over there for no good reason based on a pack of lies. And you know, and we can't afford to do this again for another four years. Then I have a little bit of respect for him again. Right now he's a scumbag. And just like that, I'm a sprit that we play about, you know, MSNBC, a station with no audience. I'm a sprit, so far. Looks better than a live radio show every morning on TV. Well, just about anything. But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teeting up with radio's original bad boy. Who now looks like an SEO read lesson. Very I'm a sellout intern as copies. So I guess every morning, see I miss was new a table, but there are people's harry bits. Live on the air. I did a hammer to bite into those muffin. Just want to get that question played by him. See his wild behind the scenes. And it's a great job at my own. I'm an annual walrus cookbook at you. Now get me some fresh copy of your fire. I'm a he's irreverent. So I once had it all the fall. It's topical. So I once had it all with his water gave me. He's in coherent. I'll tell you what, that there's a double of a puzzle. What does it? I don't know. Please, I've been standing he's going all right. And he's only on MSNBC. I take all channel, nobody watches. And a bunch of AM radio stations. Nobody listens to him. And somebody got some fresh jingles. It's Iris. This ain't a game play, I'm loading it over. No, no, no. I'm loading the game with an innings! This is a shitty game. 2AM, it's 10100. 1 colonialism, informations and He's just a little habit born in the shire, but if you want to ring better than you better hire Frodo. If I rode you from Hodo. It's going to mountain to destroy the ring. Yeah, that's the whole plot of the return of the King. We're talking Frodo. If I rode you from Hodo. Frodo, Frodo. Well, he's got me little, so spizzico guy, but when he fights that spary steps are in the I-el-my-frown. Frodo, Frodo, Frodo. Sure his long three hours and took what it still loved. Yesterday then reading the books about Frodo. Fro, Fro, Fro, Fro, Frodo. Fro, Fro, Frodo. Really, popcorn and drink a jimbo coke. Stand there till my flat and nearly broke. I miss the whole part of Bound Mountain, because I spend it all in the little boy's room. It's so good after going and seeing it again. But I'll have some defense on. I won't have to miss Frodo. Fro, Fro, Fro, Frodo. What a one at five, 60, WQM. I'm pretty easy, Ron Yellowwater. I went down a notch from orange to Yellowwater. I'm also a course you're living in New York, Washington, or Vegas, or New York, much of terrorists. Other than that, you're okay. That's what Tom Rid said. You also said, yeah. Anyway, we got 247 votes on football. If you like some more today, who would you vote for? Howard Dean, 251. 122 for Howard Dean at 76.4%. Wow. Do you see this West Clark thing? I'm beginning to wonder if maybe somebody in behind that. I'm not, I have a difficult time believing that. Yeah, don't you? Yeah, I do that he's making all of the sudden this big national push. We haven't seen him in a long time. He was on there for a couple of months. But other than that, he's not his participator in the radio debate. Now I want the TV debate. Now I want his like, Visits, Swimies in the Rascal House. Maybe they're just pulling all the old Jews. 251 votes. Dean, 1952. That's 76.4%. George W.3413. I wouldn't vote. 259.9%. Unless they got either a bottle of him out or something for free. Here's a good fact. I put these two on here. And I'm sure we did already. How come it took so long for this bubble? Bill Clinton. Not with Hillary though. No, Hillary. And Hugh Heffner says, Peter, thank you, Peter. Got some good tips for you from the inquire of this hour. How to keep yourself safe from man. Count is ease. Oh my God. Tony beef. Well, I mean, that's one way. But you don't want to. Are you going to give up meat? No. Not me. I like my meat, man. I love my meat. As a matter of fact, I think just in honor of that, I'm going to Ruth Christie for I come back. And maybe even after I come back. Maybe the rumors will take me to Ruth Christie. WQAM, hello. I know how are you today. Pretty good. What's your how you doing? Great. I'm Friday afternoon. I have a two. I think would be pretty good for the fall. Okay. One of them people might not remember. But one is Clay Aiken and the other one is Claw Mosecher. Well, you probably have a better chance with Clay Aiken because he's still alive. Claw Mosecher, who did sports on channel something. There's seven or whatever. How many years ago? Clay Aiken. We might have put him on air. Your print Charles likes his music. Oh, I'll put him on there. I think that was a joke though. And why, why is that? Just he's got a better chance to eat him with him than Claw Mosecher. I'll put him on. Don't put him on it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18. Hey, somebody might like him somewhere. He's just another one of those assholes from one of them. 8500 shows. I can't wait for that. Ron Jeremy and Tammy Faye Baker and the Erica Strada. I mean, when you missed the first one, it had, uh, uh, NC Hammer and Emmanuel Lewis. Well, why do you see you surprised I missed the first one? I mean, you think I would actually watch that? No, no, no, just the hub of the stuff. There's a better chance that I would watch Pete Rose with his, a phony confession last time in ABC. And I would rather die before I would watch that, which I did not. You would have to change that. There's a better chance I would have watched all the way through the least seven among lost to Ottawa last night, which I did not. None. WQAM. Hello. You know, good afternoon. Yes, sir. I just want to tell you, I know I enjoy the morning show. They got to get rid of Mo. I got the keychain. I played all the time. I've rubbed listening to Goldie. I think he's great, but Mo's stock. Okay. Thanks for the report. He said most sucks is what he said. And it was basically like, it's the same thing that our were saying to me. It's like, oh, you know, we need to go to different direction. I still love you. I will not let you say this morning. I still love you to the fat one. Get your F and, uh, but out of here. Please don't get away from me. Get, oh, get the, uh, get the fuel away from me. Stay away, get the fuel away from me. As if almost to imply some kind of physical threat to the schmoo. I mean, how would you attack the beast? You know, I would, well, I may be the fork in knife. I don't know how else you would do it. A long running start. Man. Five six seven. Five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T of Verizon wireless Thoughts getting violent a QAM. I'm sure that my return to the studio will kind of Com things down in a shirt. No, I mean, you know what I'm there. Everybody like puts on a good front. They all way on their best behavior. And they come down a little bit. They put on a good back. Right. WQAM, hello. And then they stab it. How are you doing? Pretty good sir. I got one for your phone. It's really not for me. I'd like to dedicate this one to my wife. Mr. Robert Blake. Robert Blake. Thank you. Okay. Good luck to you, pal. No problem. Don't put it on me. Oh, I was right. Five six. Yeah, but you were. I bet you were. You heartless bastard you. And then we thought, she was a cop person. She was like, instead of a pepsi. We like pepsi people better. That's right. She was a drug peddleer. Kind of like doing. First that Bonnie Lee bitch. Boy talk about trailer trash. And the bullet magnet. Now where was she from? Whatever she was from. She's been on our goober pole yesterday. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line 265 votes. And Howard Deans got 23 of them. 76.6%. George W 35. 13.2% and now we're up to 10% 10.1%. 27 people said wouldn't vote no matter what. You won't force me. Okay. In fact, you know what I think. I think that the ones who said they won't vote. Those are the first ones you have to take away for a nice shower. Yes, send the list to a giant ice croft. WQAM. Hello. QAM. I know you're there. I hear you breathing. I hear it ticking. I hear it slipping over in the breeze. Now, welcome out. Just like Erica Strottler. They're stuck in that closet. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. You. Yes, sir. Thank you. Good afternoon, sir. Great monkey here. I'm home. Thanks for the good coffee, sir. Wow. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Going once. WQAM. Hello. They're a little under the jar. QAM. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, sir. I got an idea for a poll. Maybe in the future. What? Well known. Reverend Jones. Yeah. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, sir. Okay. I have two additions for the poll. Okay. I got Reverend Jones. No, I didn't even Reverend Jones. What is um, you have, sir? We just put them on. Oh, you did. Okay. And a female kind of like a trailblazer like him would be a glorious sign of. I mean, here's like the real for the runner of the woman's movement and, um, who really, like, you know, got it all started. They like it. They like it. They have dinner with Gloria Steinem. I think she could really, you know, impad, a great point of view and a lot of wisdom when just had a, you know, make trailblazer to any any business or whatever. I mean, is this woman really to quite a bit when you really think about it? Okay. Okay. Other than that, it's been a great day and this show was good at always. Thank you so much. Have a great weekend. Gloria Steinem. I mean, you know, better him than me. I can understand what he says. You might be a little whiny for me. I like the little piece and quieter. My dinner. So nice quiet conversation. You know what I mean? Absolutely. But I can understand. Let's see. Dinner with all here. Yeah, keep all seen who have their hilder well. I know where they're going with that. What? They think he's going to have a bevy of bunnies there. No, I don't think so. I think I see. I said, you know, is from a getting late. Okay. Get late. Get late. Maybe they'd like to know. I think that they'd like to find out about his exploits. They like me here for him. In fact, maybe just listening to all his exploits. They might be squeezing a little bit. Maybe they want to smell his penis. Oh, God. Almighty. Holy cow. I'd rather smell the to jam and cemetery Villas than who have their penis. Jack Nicholson, somebody says, no, there is a trip. They'll be fun, right? They'll be outstanding. I like that. Jack Nicholson. How to keep yourself safe from mad cow disease. Don't let me forget to do that to star because I don't want people dying our audience. We can't afford to have nobody dying. Also, an unnatural disaster we had this at our website the other day, but this is another article like a follow up. I just mentioned it. I'm not going to read it. Don't panic. An unnatural disaster global warming to kill off 1 million species. Scientists checked by results of the research. One in 10 animals in Plants will be extinct by 2050. Ready for that? One in 10. Yeah. Climate change over the next 50 years expected to drive a quarter of land animal. A quarter of land animals and plants into extinction. According to the first comprehensive study, the effect of higher temperatures on the natural world. The sheer scale of the disaster facing the plant, Chuck those involved in a research. They estimate that more than a million species will be lost by 2050. The results are described as terrifying by Chris Thomas. Professor of Conservation Biology at Leeds University, who's the lead author of the research from forecontinent's public today in the magazine nature. Much of that loss, more than one in 10 of all plants and animals, is already irreversible because of the extra global warming gases. Already into this charge in the atmosphere, but the scientists say that actually the curb greenhouse gases now could save many more from the same fate. It took two years for largest global collaboration of experts to make the first major assessment of the effect of climate change. On six biologically rich regions of the world, taking in 20% of the land surface, the research in Europe, Australia, Central and South American South Africa showed that species living in mountainous areas had a greater chances of survival, because they could simply move up building it cooler. Those in flatter areas such as Brazil, Mexico and Australia and Florida were more vulnerable faced with the impossible task of moving thousands of miles to find suitable conditions. It's on our website. You really ought to be taken a look at this, okay? Are you people at Pupu? You know, the environmentalist? Oh, they're just a bunch of tree huggers. They're just a bunch of assholes. Streamists, right, hippies. What up? It's just, it's so sad when you're trying to appeal to you, try to find something good, something, something, some little bit of a conscience inside so many people. No, you know what I mean? No, that's right. And I forgot, but I'll remember very soon because I'll be there. I'll probably get right in the swing of it. 284 votes, man. How many did we have in the first part? 499. So we got to get to 499 to kind of like make it even steven when you think, okay? You think we can do that? We got 290. I don't think we're going to do that. I'm not going to anywhere near what we had on the Clark against Bush. What's that all about? Huh? I don't know. I think as the show goes on, you're like, maybe the rush people have to be the, the board, maybe that's my Bush is only got 13% see there. There's a little angle for you. Wait, where is something to work on? Yeah. Maybe the pill poppers. The rush people. Then one's rush sniffing it right out of the bottle now. Maybe they're like abandoned, mustn't they, a noon to two hours, that's possible. 290 votes. Dean's got 222, 76 and a half percent. Bush has got 13.1 and 30 people. But third man. Ain't good a vote no matter what. Why in local, we are sports video 560, 2am. You're going to toss these and reject fans. What is it going to do now when the team is struggling? It's always because you. I couldn't care less about the team struggling. And I want to kiss you. Thanks Joe. Yeah. You're smarter than a one. Don't be a part of the third weekend team. We'll see these guys in the outside. Alright. Paris Hilton had a fond me, I, I, oh. And there she lived a simple life with her friend Nicole. With a dunk, what key, and a dunk, what they're, Here, what they're, what getting lots of yuckes, Paris Hilton had a farm. He, I, I, oh. Paris Hilton made a take. He, I, I, oh. And this tape was really hot. He, I, I, oh. With a download here and a lawsuit there, see it once seen twice. She is not a nice Paris Hilton made a take. He, I, I, oh. Paris Hilton had a farmer and a reality show. It's funny all the things you'll do while the camera's roll and if she's so dumb I wonder how come she's paid every day when she rolls in the hate fairer so 16 at 560 I love this story from Anna Noble the one of the overt papers Yep Police believe teenage pranksters are hacking into the wireless frequency of a U.S. Burger King drive through a speaker To tell potential customers their two fat for fast food Public service police men Jerry Schirling said the pranksters told one customer were just placed in order You don't need a couple of woppers your two fat pull ahead Love it the offenders are reportedly tapping into the wireless frequency of the restaurant and try Michigan That's Michigan police believe the culprits are watching and broadcasting from close range Officer Schirling said the men are telling customers who order a coke that we don't have coke and when the customers ask what they do have the hacker would say We don't have anything pull ahead But what has man the managers concerned is the profanity the hackers are using court of police The drive through customer has told police if he had children with him in the car some of you's profanity he'd be pretty few enough Said I like that I like that. I'm sorry. I didn't think of it I think that's a great idea. Let's like tapping all the fast food. That would be like to improve the health of America I'm going to radio shack right now right and just get on some frequency there and you know just ask Dan madder. What's the frequency Dan? Cut it on it you're too fat fat so pull ahead get out of here Go down to a cafe. Oh, I heard this morning the moment there are two minutes of misery that I hear when I walk in here to turn everything on Going on about sucking up to a dunk in donuts Because I guess there's some guy that sends him free donuts in the morning right I don't know if it's the same guy that used to bring the stuff down when D4 was there remember that when we used to get those what do they call those things? The short stacks the short stack without the bread. Yeah, a short stack sausage bacon sausage cheese bacon That was good stuff together. They got all pissed off a default for some reason I guess maybe he wouldn't take him to the Indians anymore something like that and then they cut a soft But anyway, he was sucking around because duck and donuts brought him a dozen donuts and just suck them how their coffee is so great and about how Starbucks You can have Starbucks duck and donuts makes the best coffee. Yeah, because it's free asshole I mean we have no free food too, but we're not gonna like you know carry on Duck and donuts could bring 50,000 donuts to us and we still say hey, thanks a lot But guess what we'll give to the morning crew or somebody else because crispy cream is where it's at right no question I mean to compare duck and donuts donuts with crispy cream would like to comparing the fan To this radio station see what I'm saying yeah, we've all of our internal hysteria with our awful management It just there's just no comparison. They do have good coffee though Dunkin donuts. Are you sucking up for more free coffee? Is that I don't drink coffee so I'm gonna give a crash just happen to like in addition Which he doesn't drink it either he just pours it into his bag Yeah, he just pours it in the bag and then he makes jelly clean it out and tells me it'll wild about a diarrhea That's all if those coffee enemies enemies were good enough for Janet Jackson if he's got the only caffeinated Colossumy bag in town 300 and six votes on the poll if the election were today who would you vote for? How are Dean 232 70 points? 67% But third man stubborn bastards WQA hello right there WQM hello. Hey Neil. How are you? I'm doing great happy The latest new year a healthy and a pop person and the same to you. Thank you. I wanted to I wanted to thank you and compliment you for your great website that you have and some of your listeners Me not even know that you have one or what it is Neil Rogers dot com right one of the best The websites that you'll never want to look at I also wanted to bring you regards from my son Larry you may remember Larry the map man who's now in Orlando Still drawing maps and here's a go was a Regular listener one of your best fans and right this is your old friend Barry the PR guy from Boko and wishing you the best Okay, very take your ears. Oh, hi. Hey, like that. That was very from Boko the father of Larry the map man. Right. I have one of his maps Who bury Larry Larry five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon line What well known person Would you like to have dinner with we got so far Robert Duval Marlin brand Oak Heath Richards Michael more that was my choice I would buy Johnny Depp Neil Rogers, oh I would like to have dinner with Neil Rogers in fact. I'd like to have lunch with Neil and I think I will know about 40 minutes if you buy I will buy I'll go right over to the little market. I better not Can't eat spaghetti. Well, where did I come up with that? Why did I say that he's easy? I am Mel Brooks Dennis Lirri the Dalai Lama Hello Dalai Lama my finger The Francis Ford Coppola don't Clinton Hugh Heffner. Oh, he was gonna eat a lot of oats Gloria Steinem and Jack Nicholson what about Robert Blake? We in the Robert Blake was a joke. Well, I'll keep put him on him. Maybe there's a lot of guys that would like to get their wives knocked off that and fine put him on there How to do it Ron go ahead put him on your fight out the real inside story. I got one yeah I got one you'd have to bring your own a series. I'm serious about this You're in a laugh when I say it In fact, let me give you I'll give you like a little clue and then you can guess Okay, okay Oh, Jay You're right. That's not funny. I think now. I think that would be interesting I think there are a lot of people out there maybe get him drunk enough or something to write a Fesh up and there's a little tape recorder going in the background. I'll go to back for you now So we're even just ask him a whole bunch of questions and make him squirm and get him pissed off and storming out. No, I don't think that's a good idea That's right Not a good idea. He gets a little temperamental when you do stuff like that. He gets a little carried away WQA and hello QA and Yes, sir. I know we're gonna have lunch with yeah Oh god, Dave Friedman fat boys neighbor you just wait till I get a hold of that fat boy when I'm there with your hands That guy is such an asshole. I mean notice how his faxes have stopped Because now he's got a new play toy We don't need you, sir. We already got somebody who said to me this morning before the show Hi, how are you? And did hell a lot more entertaining job than you? I love that fat boy. Yeah, you know me a long time. I would know yeah, that's the problem fat boy. I know you're much a bull crap artist man I would trust you as far as Josh could throw you WQA. I'm hello I like how much was the knees you're going to The knees you're the autoro? Yeah, yeah, but what? Is he on your look? Yeah, he's got 80 votes. Oh, he's not okay. Great. He's doing well. Okay. Thank you got it got it Is he serious? Why not? He's good. I don't know good actor. I mean that's a lot like saying like have lunch with Steven power. You know Why not not no mole oh, he's a good guy. He's just the handsome problem. He said his ups and downs. He's just misunderstood like Pete Rhodes. Oh, sorry Steve. He had in mean it five six seven. Oh five six the air I shouldn't probably admit this to you, but I will anyway You know how every now and then with our comedy this you put one in a wrong sleeve. Yes. Well I've got two empty sleeves and two discs Oh, no, okay the only problem is the numbers on the disc don't Oh, that's the numbers On the you see what I'm saying you're gonna be busy. Oh, God, and of course my luck, you know Well, this I'll just throw it all into my second let you handle it. All right. I'll sort it out. Okay. Come on you QA and hello Yeah, I'll go. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'll I want to add a couple of names to the live go in the head pal. All right Steven Tyler you'll imagine him yet. Not yet. That's a good one. That's a good one and Date Capriita and the bird. They go as a set Wait, he's up in the morning Rock the girl on the air okay calm down pal. They come down. Wow. Yeah, what did he get? I think that was the bird calling from the other side don't you No, because who else would call for a the bird? Near wake me up in the morning And tonight I talked my deep dreams Well, that's not the one I want Yeah, those are the days man those are the days on a real radio station with a real signal 100,000 watts FM Living and reading people listening we don't have to go out and tap people on the shoulders They oh, do you have an AM radio and they'd like land What's that? What is that? Oh, like some time people would ask me well, what's the station are you on? You know they'd find out I'm like do a talk show. What station are you? I say QAM. Oh, what's what? Where's that on the dial? And I'd say five 60 oh, you're like a M yeah like a M I mean what is that question mark? A M you mean the one that goes like that yeah, that's us that's us Especially if you're like on 441. I knew the high tension wires man. That's where all the high tension is out of those damn electric lines in the phone lines But the good news is were HD TV ready Whatever the red what is it called HD digital Where HD digital man the HD stands for a head If you tune in QAM you get digital a head squirt squirt twice an hour 328 votes you think we're gonna make that 499. We got a shot. I guess that the where right these are coming in I don't want to sell them short If the election were today who'd you vote for how are Dean 248 75.6% George W Bush 44 13.4% and I wouldn't vote 36 10.9% And it's probably just as well you're running yeah Seriously, I don't think we ought to encourage too many just the right people to vote not too many And you wait and see man and Florida we got some real bad news and especially if that bitch Katherine Harris runs You're gonna see how many people are pissed off how many people got a good memory that's gonna last at least four years Because she's gonna be like a what I think maybe they ought to run to resell a poor too would be good Sure, we're not yeah, bring them both up they had that judge from Palm Beach and some Story I want one of the talking head shows last night. They showed a clip of an interview with him We was holding the thing up in the air looking for the hanging Chads And the judge old Google I there doing his Google search for the Chads and they showed to resale a poor was sitting the same table with him How do you like that and oh and they this is what I've been trying to remember all day I should have written it down because I got Alzheimer's out of the old fart. Wait to near this okay and Jeffrey Tuban you know we used to go to glasses. He's like the no legal expert for CNN Yeah, you've seen him on I know intertubes he's a lawyer expert pretty decent guy He said we were talking about the Chads and about the air Florida recount on he said there is absolutely no doubt No doubt that if they would have designed a ballot that everybody could have understood That Algor would have won Florida by I wide margin he would want the election in other words by more than enough So they would have been able to steal it. How do you like that right which we already know that but I mean here's the guy actually articulating it any American people are like that they stole us from in broad daylight And they showed all these old Jews that voted for Buchanan and they showed that if you voted on the top line It was supposed to be that thought it was Republican in the second line democratic so they lot of these old people voted in the second line Come to find out that was the life for Buchanan because they were like opposite side by each see You see what I'm saying I see it they were cross from each other the one page so was like alternate like one is over here Two was over there, but nobody would even have a brain would know that even those old Jews Some of the village who then found out they voted for Buchanan and they went back inside and took their own shower and Turn out they took their own shower and they turned on the gas Because they said I can't live with myself a vote for Buchanan I remember that lady called it. I'll never forget it Remember she called in that different Palm Beach drop. He said Neil I'm Frank. I don't want you to think I'm stupid She wasn't at all she said I think I voted for Buchanan by mistake because our ballot here's all screwed up And that was the first indication and I remember Miss Fudge put it on our website. Remember that sure That there's voting irregularities in Palm Beach County. That was the first indication right on his show And show enough Come to find out they stole it So there's a guy right there on the certainly not news network, but at least I got a occasionally make some sense Jeffrey Tuban Who said there is absolutely no doubt? Had they not designed that cock of any confusing butterfly ballot then an algorithm in the election because there were Thousands of votes like I lost there and allegedly bush one Florida by 527 votes you should live so long and the rent quiz is an asshole Oh, you know that 29 past one. I wonder how many bricks they had a send to a Clarence token Thomas to get his vote A housework Hey, are you in the dead end job Zach? Underpaid well new years resolution don't just happen you got to put your plans into action Pick up that phone and call fast train right now at 866 fast train classes are underway right now in January in an arrow Ain't that it in arrow? See oh if you're committed and dedicated past rank can help you out in becoming a certified computer professional And the best part of the deal is you can do it in just four short months You get a new high pan career with a real big fat paycheck and get you a life instead of working for peanuts for some schmuck The demand for certified computer professionals is at a all-time high and fast train offers you convenient Day eating weekend classes job placement as systems financially for those who qualify as well So if you're really tired of being in a rut if your life is going nowhere if you're working your ass off and making peanuts Change your life once and for all get some skills with a training at fast train Check them out of the web at fast train.com and then make the call don't miss the train of opportunity do it this year and do yourself a big favor call 1 866 fast train and be sure and tell them that Todd Drek To the call What Oh He was hiding in the ground and unlike his canmago weapons He has finally been found Now will interrogate him Find out everything he knows When we have all that we want Back into the ground he goes On one find a rocky Soldiers came to say Saddam with your breath so bad regards from George Bush and his dad and now that he's in the jail cell It's a merry Christmas For every person on earth and let's your name is how we're Wasn't that cute? I thought that was kind of cute adorable little bit late 133 speaking of Howard Dean now We're never gonna make that four four four nine nine. Are we no 352 votes with the half hour to go that would be a phenomenal rush On votes in the last half hour if we were to do it because four ninety nine to get with Clark against Bush And we got three fifty two right now with Dean against Bush if the election were me and how did they who do vote for? Howard Dean 262 74.4 percent George W 54.2 percent So how much better is he doing? But this much oh no he had about five percent Fortify percent better fortified and we got uh 40 11.3 percent said he wouldn't vote a would carc in there It was like almost 14 percent said it would vote 68 So that's the deal here wait did you hear this okay Elizabeth smart kidnapping suspect ruled in competent Oh, he will not stand trial Ready for that no One of the two people charged with kidnapping Elizabeth smart from our sawlight city bedroom has been found in competent to stand Trial judge ruled today in Salt Lake City One the barzy 58 was ordered committed to Utah State Hospital Judge Judith Attagans said barzy's competency will be reviewed at an April 15th She's beautiful by the way ever see her yeah lovely wow our stepped on stuff look better than But it look ah Two mental health experts at early and of course he's lovely too So it's okay Two mental health experts at earlier found her not competent to stand trial a hearing had been scheduled contest these rulings But barzy earlier this week waved her right to contest the findings bars he's attorneys Dave Finley sin and Scott Williams filed a motion Wednesday In which barzy asked a court to rule at its discretion without an evidence hearing though She did not agree with the experts who found her in competent Yadiyadiyadi in a partridge in a paratri So there you go Woman to be committed and I see in the mail suspect faces a hearing January 27 I see I had a little bit asked the backwards but anyway they're gonna put her in the a not house 567560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line What well known person would you like to have dinner with especially if they're buying? We got Robert Duval Marlin Brando Keith Richards Michael Moore Johnny Depp The Rogers Mel Brooks Dennis Liri the Dalai Lama Francis Ford Cople of Bill Clinton Hugh Hathner Gloria Steinem Jack Nicholson O. J. Stevie Tyler and who's the other I didn't write the other one down Venice O. Del Toro Venice O. Del Toro why don't write down in a foreign language is a Robert Blake And Robert Blake okay that's so far I'll tell you why I bet you would get some really good stories from somebody I know my time slot. I need so that's dedicated for me to say I bet you again how about lunch with the adinner Of course he'd probably eat everything but that's okay sure dinner with the beast go to a buffet WQAM hello Okay, he's got a backwards we've been asked we'd you like to have for lunch You like to go to lunch that's okay put a runner stick a runner to make him happy give him some hope and hold out some hope while he grow WQAM hello You know and good afternoon dude is the bonus of whatever this Yes, I've got a good name for your list Well, I'm a DJ. Oh, please not related to the morning host, but Larry David the good David Who's Larry David? Kirby and Susie as a Mon HBO Oh, I don't want to say it. Okay, nice dog guy. He's very good. Okay. Thanks, pal. I've seen it George something on jitterness. It's adequate I'm like a lot put like your head man, alright. Yeah, don't count on George like be it I'll see if you didn't like side felt this is the co-creator of side felt wow So in this guys in time, I'm not gonna pull pull everybody else's taste we can't all watch the same crap Can't all watch the freaking playboy channel, you know, I'll speak to the playboy channel. What are what they're doing now? What keep your finger close? Oh Okay, yeah Okay, that's enough of that. I'm bigger pardon. Post it on on what you said keep your finger close. Oh 360 8 votes we need to get to 499 by two or clock. That ain't gonna happen Unless we have this sudden gigantic huge rush right there at the end Why would that be I think again? I think that maybe that's part of the reason I think I have my thumb on it While bushes down a little bit here so that maybe he's saving Because of the fact that the rush people they got over to what the truth they can hear the truth they can hear the Amos man They can hear the pill pop and truth W to Q a and hello Yes, sir Speak to me Yes, I got one okay Arnold Ropant here okay you got a mine he's buying Voke him up 560 560 Uh, 560 on the AT&T and Horizon Marvel Slime but your Arnold has some really good stories You know, I was he was gonna investigate but he said it ah by bother. I'm the governor now. I'm the governor I mean If you really think about that seriously you will go crazy. I promise you that they'll put you in a straight jacket like share it in unpassions You just lose your mind The media reported this that not this the fact that he said it which was so idiotic in the first place But then he's in idiots so what do you expect but the fact that he said that he didn't have time During those final couple of days before the voting in California So but after the election he promised he was gonna investigate the charges against him. It's like OJ sin I got to play a lot of golf now, man But I'm gonna investigate them charges against me, you know, right? And it's even far beyond he's gonna search for the killer forget about that But he's gonna investigate the charges then sure enough within there two after he won the election by a landslide He changes my my bring up my dry juggle crap, you know sure We all gotta past exactly 20 till two the man doggy to the hopper is back The load tank to Lord is back 4 to 7 this afternoon Poop the fat man That doesn't ever done to much against fat rich Made a date he said don't be late papa no park and I said I'll be there with bells on anyway Papa no park is waiting for you guys out there want to plunge your guts You might even run into somebody famous like PD rose there with a big stack of hundreds on the table It's just a half a mile from both on 95 in the turn pipe and Papa no park is easy to get to from anywhere Invest of all they feature free admission and free general parking every single day of your life Live harness racing in the poker room every Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday include tonight Five nights a week the poker starts at noon to midnight and live racing gets underway at seven o'clock nightly every Monday night Is the two for 25 hour dinner special the top of the park restaurant Everybody went to a pompado park is dollar night for grapers hot dogs and sodas every Thursday is the ladies night two for one great specials just for the ladies Also every night on the fourth floor players room. There's a 795 Plated Dinner special also there'll be a special tribute night a week from Monday Monday January 19 Honoring Martin Luther King Jr with one race featuring African American drivers only plus the annual Lou Williams Memorial race and February It'll try to be on his best behavior Pompado park is also open for simultaneous casting every day in night seven days in a week featuring the best in harness Thurber and Highlight action from all across North America free to watch and of course plunge your lungs on Pompado park a block out of Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road for the current race schedule call nine five four nine seven two two Thousand or on a web check them out at pompado park dot com Ha Reagan a life in letters is the publishing event of the year But letters alone cannot tell the full story of America's greatest president introducing Reagan a life in post-it notes in more P.S. Red jelly beans good Red commies bad nowhere else could you find such a clear statement of our 40th presidents values and opinions Then on little yellow squares of paper stuck to the White House fridge Nancy please wash my overalls Use tight Yes, not the tide of Marxism that threatens our very way of life Reagan a light in post-it notes chronicles his thoughts on politics religion and even sets year Nancy The Berlin Hall has fallen And when I get home So will that little Laced number 24 our anniversary PS Ground Reagan a life in post-it notes is available at boredom's books by your copy today and receive the bonus volume Reagan a life in post relics milk what is Voyage milk 145 at five six, do you know that whole thing I never really talk about it very much about putting his picture on the diamond taking Roosevelt off of the y'all And your notice Nancy right away said all please Forget about it and so anybody else with a brain it just goes to show it the lengths that the right Wings will go to the reason they put FDR's picture on the dime was of course because of the march of diamonds Right because he had polio as a young man and because they raised money a dime at a time To help raise money for research to eliminate polio which they did thanks to Dr. Salk But I just mentioned that in passing not I mean forget about the fact that FDR was the only president elected more than twice And a lot of people think the greatest president the history and took us out of the depression through world W w w 2 But just the idea that here they wanted to take him off to the oh I forget about it Because and pretty so let's take Jefferson off my rush more he wasn't in Republican right right any anybody who and George Washington too Who was neighbor public who and you know let's take out all the pictures of Heidi fly somebody suggest for the polio as a good choice to see probably have some interesting stories I've tally since we're named drop in who I had dinner with one night in Amsterdam and she was pretty boring What's the owl scenes friend there the the the the old slut The old slut the old portal broad real lettered no not glory a Leonard the Galloping gourmet what are in hell her name is you know what I'm talking about It'll be ever heard him talk about her as far as the old Not glory a Leonard I'm talking about some old bag Somebody will know Anyway, I did it with her when I cheated all the food here in hell 400 votes if the election were today who would you vote for? 400 you he's got a shot at 499 you didn't think so did you know it not well we got the 99 and 15 minutes We could do it you have a little faith I doubt it though How are Dean 294 72 and a half percent George W. Bush 5814 and a half percent I wouldn't vote 48 12 percent of this crowd wouldn't vote no matter what if you paid them to wouldn't do it W to QM hello Yes, sir Who is it you have to have a reason there we got a lot of votes thanks a lot Yeah, she's honor Several people I told her once the poll now see this poll will go up a lot of people are probably frustrated waiting for this poll to go up You got the whole weekend man you got nothing else going on George tells me the weather is very nice We can't receive me back and tell with some nice mild weather It's only 80 below zero here so why don't not you know So you got all weekend to ponder it to take a look at it and starting right into a clock So if you want to vote on a presidential poll not just to get kind of even Steve with a Clark versus Bush vote but also just to get in your one half a cent Everybody wants to get through two cents in and then then Zack said well actually I have it I have another job I can do so Yeah, see that that that's what we keep hearing that that whatever you say, Mo Mall the true story is out and you can change it you can twist it you can manipulate parents You can threaten him with a physical punishment you can make all the kind of failed threats to the beast You want the fact that a matter is the audience in a whole world Ronnie a baby Ronnie you and your bull crap and Boy talk about a overgrown little girl man you hit a right in the head little girl So just like to think about him calling up to beast at home here months ago You're responsible for everybody hitting me and you've turned the whole station again You know and throwing another sniff it just go on and place them our golf Well, yeah Have Gully squeeze out the old bag go play some golfing and put on some nice checkered pants Or the lime green ones are good but I'm a nice hat to cover up that musk rat again Everybody's face already get a life you're making that kind of money Yeah, what would you guys make a half a million dollars to come in and work three hours a day basically do nothing Another half a minute to do the frickin dolphin games or whatever their pan them he's making big bucks to do basically nothing You could poke your hand pain for many meals. I guarantee of that I know he's here not paying for the donuts in the coffee. Never food there in a morning, which is good nice going mo you asshole Oh listen how to keep yourself safe from ad counties. You almost let me forget all right Also known as court spelled yacob disease or C.J.D. In fact, are those people who think that a lot of people in the US have gotten Mad code disease, but the government ain't tell us because Well, you know, there are people who get courts filled a yacob disease In fact, somebody famous just died from that. I can't think what was anyway You can decrease your chances of getting it and keep eating the beef you love by following these tips. I love beef tips Especially beef strogan off. Then she'll love that with my dude. Look at these the noodles though Don't eat anything that contains beef brains such as cow ahead cheese. Oh, I like head, but I can't stand head cheese The brain and spinal column other parts of the central nervous system in part of the gut cause the most problems By muscle meats the safest meat is muscle meats such as bonus roasts Muscle meat is much less chance of coming contact with contaminated products Choose boneless stakes and skip the tea bones You might want to avoid any stake with a marrow containing bone Miro bone marrow can be infectious Do you get it right stay on the straight in narrow avoid the marrow right in other words? It's kind like mo I'm infectious right By free range hundred percent grandstead or organic beef. By the way, do you see that thing about the salmon? No, what about the farm raise salmon? It's got like ten times as much mercury as the wild in the wild By free range hundred percent grass fed or organic beef free range cabley-do need grass and organic beat Is net beef is there a fed any animal remains When eating in restaurants avoid this is made with ground beef and processed products stick with bonus cuts of beef such as rib eye states Oh, I feel good now. That's what I love is my rib eye. I'm nothing like a rib eye man Man, I wish you love a good rib eye like a Ruth Chris. I like the I like to surly. Mm-hmm. I like my rib eye Use kosher beef. Oh, which maybe safer than on kosher beef. It says maybe kosher starter houses do not use downwards or sick cattle I can walk and their method of slaughter minimizes the chances of contamination with brain tissue because it's safe The use of automatic meat recover systems which tear off the last bits of meat from the bone could allow some of the tissue from the spinal cord To enter the food supply to process meat products if you're worried about processed beef products You can choose hot dog sausages and lunch and meats made from pork instead of beef. Why do I do like my pork? Sure, especially not Germany man. Oh, that brought worse there is just a die for a German sausage Of what hamburger meat marked ground beef instead choose ground chuck or other ground meats it indicate cut of beast they were made from Or you can get ground meat for hamburgers. No, that is just by buying bonus muscle meat such as Mola, sirl and and chuck roast having the butcher ground to be free a you can even take the roast home and grite it yourself in your food processor And Me the pain from automatic meat recover systems cannot be used in public school lunch programs so I don't be too worried about your kid school lunches. Okay. I must do it. I need to get rid of them There you go. There's a lot of advice for you. Okay, and the prices right one fifty two How we do it? We're gonna get to that 499. We got four hundred and 17 votes 7 minutes to 99 is like 77 away. It's 11 a minute. Can we do it? Tell order a tall order, but this crowd can do it Where are steaks Let's go. We deal with the Is the one He gets Now they Have only one They take Take the hell Don't forget about shithead We got it That way I'll put me in the shade You got it We got it We got it I guess I'm all You got it Where is my king You got it We got it We got it We should learn a lesson It's what they got You got it We got it Can't get it You got it But it won't Only come to me You're bleeding What they say I guess I'm like the god I have been a little fool I've been you in the race The steering steps So they're called We're true I'll be a lecture by We got it We got it We got it Get them on your knees We got it We got it We got it Saviour All right I had to help her That's what I was looking for I know she wasn't a porn star I thought I said she was a porn star So I said the porn lady The hooker lady The slut The old bang Yes I was Margarine interesting In fact, I had the He had the restaurant close The Thai restaurant and Amsterdam He had them close for the night And open just for us For his entourage For Alan 80 of his best friends You know, what are those deals? Anyway, 400, I noticed you're not saying a word I could keep it that way Into the show drop Oh There was recorded There was recorded or not Oh, ha ha ha ha God's must true I don't think I was going to get fired Okay, calm down now Just calm down 434 votes If the election were held today For whom would you vote? Howard Dean's 315 72.5 It looks like his candidacy is alive George W. Bush taking it up the Tush from Dean 66 for W. 15.2% up a little bit And I wouldn't vote 53.2% So we're not going to make the 499 But I think 440 right? We'll take it We'll take it That's respectable for what considering we did one less than 500 And the first two hours That 82 bad And it looks like Dean Well, I'll see I want to say it looks like Let me take a puke at what it was 68.9 So say Clark had 69% Clark had 69 Maybe that's why they liked them And Dean 72.5 So about 3.5% better Yeah, all the way around 2 to 3 points better Which isn't really that spectacular, isn't? Whatever Whatever is why? See you're sour Because you're a Dean person And so am I I'm a person who wants to see somebody who can win That's why I don't we Because I live through water monday And George McGovern I live through water monday Or one for the Senate again I'm going to sort of which was just unbelievable Disaster He was boring Well, is there still a lot of them there? Boy, well, how are Dean is that boring? No, see I like somebody that you wouldn't get Animated, you can see the vise in their neck when they speak Who gets like, you know, and tells it like it is And the way That's the problem In fact, the wind factor is what helped bubble When the first time around Not just because Bush, you've seen your Light about the no new taxes Hmm But because of the fact that he was such a windman That's the only reason that the One the first time in 88 is because The Democrats outwnted with Michael Dukaka Nobody thought they could find a bigger Wine year, wimp year guy than George Bush or Herbert Walker Bush and shown off Democrats could do it with Dukaka's And so now they're trying to pedal this Light, this book, have about Well, Howard Dean's another Michael Dukaka She can't win any states in the south And Yadiyadiyad is going to be another landslide I don't think so No, because if like I said earlier in the show If they really believe that they wouldn't be pushing him so hard to make it appear that way Because by doing that, what they're doing Is like siphoning support away from him And pushing it toward Clark There's somebody beside just the Clintons Or behind the whole Clark thing if he acts me Don't you think the trilateral commission and they're a little Monati and the builder burgers And you know who else I think might be behind some of it The beast and It was basically like it. Yeah, I know Ha ha ha ha ha So anyway, we saw the dilemma today We didn't need Miss Marple, we didn't need Her fuel paroro or any of those people We can be saw the problem And we came to the conclusion that Mo got to Zack off the show What a needle, Monati and the builder We want to make up any stories But he wants to call clearance and have a snit fit on a phone Again, whatever That's the bottom line Your piece of crap, Mo Do nobody is good enough for the moment That's what I'm going to do And dogs good enough for us And just about everybody else he's coming along Next the load back and forth a sack to know Bye bye The weather show I'm five six You wear I'm planning for learning You got the sticker spooner at the lab Don't worry It's not up, drink You turn