Come check a real thing out today. You can't go through the door. Bring your five feet to the QAN. My enemy Ford Lutter Day. Get my rear end. It's Friday, you bastard. There's a fabulous wing I want to push through cigarette by my Michael Moray. He wears extra large pants and a little of him in France. Michael Moray. His new flick, he is full of tricks, G-O-B-A-Sick, cos it picks on George W. All right. I pick number number one and then when it's done, won't be fun, girls will be screwed. His documentary, for stars from John Kerry, Michael Moray. There's been wings and a skirt, his feet will last an hour, you can dance. And now all the fox moves would like him to be moving the Norway. But it's clear his stance would be a pain in their rim, Michael Moray. Sounds to me like some people are really picking up and that joy today, including Zack. Oh yeah. But what is wrong with you? Do you have like a death wish? Well, I figure I'll gonna die sometime anyway. So why not just... Enjoy it. Accelerate the proposition, right? Why not just move it up? You and the beast. We can get like a gigantic piano crate. For each of you. If that maybe we can get three of them, you fat boy and the beast. We can just get a gigantic pot somewhere out of 11 wine-stime or a kimp-a fat boy in there. And anyway, I sound like churrents, I guess you guys aren't having lunch today, right? No. Well, it's only 10 o'clock in the morning. That was just brunch. That was brunch. We're still waiting for lunch later. Okay. 20, 235 hosts on a pull-by-way speaking of Michael Moray. And that movie is gonna be in theaters everywhere, all over the place. So those people have been bitching and belly-yaken last week. I told you, just hold your horses, man. Just relax, it'll be near you, any minute. And we'll prop theaters and brow it starting today. Even the beast that he's gonna go see it with his girlfriend tomorrow. And I went down to listen, I found the fountain shops in Plantations, carrying it. So that's where we go eat it, deli-a. That's all I'm hearing about. We go eat, we go eat, we go eat, we go eat. How about going and getting a later something? Or just to anything else? You know, take it a nice walk. Huh? I like walking. Yeah. From the movie to the pizza place. Yeah, from from from your seat in the studio there to the table out there by Clarence's office. To get the free food. That's the walk you like. And then back inside is sit down. And I'm sure now what do you eat this morning? I had a, well, I haven't eaten cheeseburger yet, but I had a Joe Rose hotdog. With the bun? No bun. I had a hotdog. Yeah, I had a hair. I had the bun. I had the bun. The bun was good. And the cheeseburger you're gonna eat the bun? Yeah, probably. Yeah, you have a death wish. Just market time, Josh. This man has a death wish. I know what you're talking about. I mean, you don't even make an effort. You just don't care, right? What do you mean? Everyday after the show. I'm right in the gym. Happy? How to gather? 24 hour fish. Oh man. Wow. Anybody who ever saw this guy. You were at the gym doing what? I go on the treadmill for like 15, 20 minutes. Wow. I go on the bun. If you go on about 15, 20 minutes? Maybe you want to up it to about 8th, maybe 25 or 30 minutes. I want to start thinking about that. Not only from the idea that you're on your little board as far as the exercise, but it's another seven or eight minutes that you won't be eating. I can just see you on a treadmill with a sandwich in your hand. Holding on the handlebar with one hand and eating your char-cheese, double cheese, whatever you're talking about with the other hand. Can you see a Josh in the picture? Yeah. Easily. Just a big boy. That's all. What a fat place we got, man. It has got to be all the places I've worked in my life. This radio station has got to be the fatest play. Holding me, but man, I'm a piker. I'm not even up to the standards of fat a QA, I wouldn't think. No, you're skinny. Yeah, yeah, by comparison. Anyway, the poorly has today 2200 and some odd votes. I'm being the operative word. I guess, I was a little bombastic this morning. It's what I heard. I heard some rumors about it. I want to mention who told me. A couple of birdies told me. But, uh, forming at the mouth about Greg Reed's latest column. I mean, very jackass is latest column in a Harold. Just won't stop. He just can't stop. And you will tell me right now why Greg keeps doing that because he hates you like poison. That's obvious. This is the way getting a message across. You know, just like Joey Zazah was going to send a message. The same deal with Greg. The way he sends a message is to give you a shit. Give you a real shot and very jackass is column. And that's why he keeps dropping all that crap about putting on the stern show. He's fascinated by the idea. Hey, let me tell you something. Greg, go ahead. Do it next week. Okay. We don't need the license. We'll just talk loud. Right? Yeah, why not? So anyway, and of course, Mo did have a good point when the list is got all of these different ones on it. We probably could have put another 50 on his list. What does that tell you about our general manglier? And actually, it wasn't what happened. What do you think Greg Reed's biggest bonehead move at the past seven years was? He's our general manglier. At WDQAM. Uh, hiring Mo Howard David. Look at that. He's been tensed down. Absolutely. 431 votes. And I guess Mo wasn't even upset about that. He thought he was late. I thought he should do better than that. Anyway, 431. I stopped Mo. Breaking up the first team 298. OJ at the golf tournament. Bring it in. OJ Simpson, who was supposed to be our charity golfer. Where they were told absolutely positively don't bring that murdering slime ball in there. And what do they do? They fly him in. Fly him in. Then try to put him on the air. We get a call on a bat line that day. Oh, OJ, see. You want to put him on the air? Like I've said a million times before. We'll put you on the air when you ready to confess. At that point, you have all the time you want. When you ready to confess up, you murdering piece of crap. Fireing Joe and Mark. Now, there you were way off your feed. If you pardon that expression, Zach. You're right. I couldn't believe it. I'm not saying, oh, no, no, don't get much. What is this thing? He just, uh, facts me here. What, I can't make it out. What is this? It looks like it's a picture of a, uh, looks like he's saw. Like one of those, uh, like bus stop little. Yeah. That bench just signed. That's it. It's as get that. Have a heart attack. Eat it Todd subs. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, I like that. At least being honest about it. Well, there are some places I can't figure. There are some, isn't some people who just like food that much. Now, I love food. I'm not going to lie to you about that. I wish I could eat all I want every day and just the, the 150 pounds. Like it firing Joe and Mark, 259 votes. If you eat that cheeseburger with the bun, I'm going to get really pissed off. I can't, I can't believe it. I'll say what is so great. First of all, I know you love char hot. It's one of Joe's sponsors. Now, I've had them on too, but the fact of the matter is no place has got a bun. So great. Well, the, let's get to the meat of the matter. That's the good part. Okay. You're right. So what's the big deal with that? If it was not a nice onion roll or something, I'd say, well, I can understand. A bun is a bun when it down throw it out. I'll wrap your paws around that meat and just a chop down on it. Fireing Joe and Mark 259, not firing George Rodriguez 233. Fireing Scott for rail 213, that's looked down a little bit. Can't, I can't convey them. They're just can't make these people understand. Talking sports on the year for now after 9, 11 after the world trade center, the first tower was hit. And the news was on TV, and we're also sitting there briefly just in shock. And then the second to the tower gets hit and it's guilty on the year with the first hit. What are we going to say? We're going to talk sports. We're going to talk about we don't know what's going on. 125 for that. It should have been a lot more. That was, that was the lowest point of everybody's career. Keeping guilty on the years right on the S of that with 99. Moving those times, 161, that didn't last too long. Thank goodness that was a real bomb. When a bomb agrande. Highing Scott for L54. Scoring over Joe Rose 43, which I'm still not really sure that the screwing is over. The screwing over is over. Putting the big on the year 37. Wait until your various column about that. Oh boy. Putting on crow 35. So the big. Oh. He's out the crow by a couple. Using Joe's agacchi as a fill-in. Here's agacchi. Stocks okay. 34. Highing the arondars 29. Those are the people who just can't stop listening. They hate me like poison but they can't turn it off. Putting on the morning crew 12. Only 12. Maybe they like that show you know. Let's give it a shot again. Let's bring back Ron Hershey in the highway and let's get Carolyn back from down the hallway there. Let's pry her away from Greg for a while. And the QM auction has got only nine. That's the phony. The I. illegitimate QM online auction. That's not for charity at all. Not that we say it is but you assume that it was. And that's really trying to slide some more of your dollars in the Beesley's pockets. Because times are tough. We had to be in the curtain today. Not one of your better selections. Josh, you picked this one up. I did. No, I get it. She's now. Well, the picture is okay. She's a pretty skanky if you ask me, Joeline, playlock. She's not much. Yo, who that is your ack, Zach? No, but me like you a lot. Yeah, the picture there's fine. Yeah. The picture on her on IMDB on her bio is maybe just had a bad day. For March 5th, 1975, which makes her about 39. 49. For Insanio, California. She was arrested with a boyfriend after Edward Frulem by West Hollywood police and to separate traffic related incidents. No big deal. For name is Scottish Irish and before her ancestors came through Ellis Island, it was blacklock meaning black hair. She's an avid surfer from childhood to skill artiest who's preferred meaty Miss crayon. Oh, I'm always big and as artists who draw on crayon as my favorite. Next to the chimps that draw liked with her feet in the paint. In April 2003, she took Repino her husband. And their entire family's on vacation Jamaica where she got down on one knee and proposed a him. He accepted as Mary at 6pm the next day was they did. For a favorite holiday is Valentine's Day. In 2004, she was stalked by man who was an obsessed fan of her issue. It was arrested sent to a hospital for mental evaluation. Her own action figures made her in her likeness from the series of Star Trek Enterprise. Growing up huge fan of the original Star Trek series. She's in slow burn and movie that's in the post production right now. She was in Diamond Hudders Enterprise Broken Bowl. Enterprise the series on the edge. Queen for a day. Jason and the Argonauts in a bunch of other cranks. She's okay. We're taking a step down with him from yesterday's fine picture on there. But you can't be 85 every day, right? 10. This one's pretty mediocre. So anyway, those of you who haven't seen, and I'm reading all of this other crap, you know, on both sides. It's a movie. It's a pretty like Eric Alderman writes in his piece. I just read it a little while ago. It's a movie. It's not a war. It's not the end of the world. It's a movie. And it contains, you know, it has a viewpoint. No question about it. Very strong viewpoint. And they couldn't understand that. These are the kind of issues that you want to be man-be-pambi about. So this video's always over the top. Well, if we're over the top, who'd help him go see it? Who'd be talking about it, right? You're 100% right. That's the whole reason that it's so fantastic is because it is over the top. Because finally, somebody had to pause to make a movie that says something. That says a lot. To the morons out there, the masses who are busy with their one finger in their ass and the other finger up there and knows there's somebody else's notes. Is it the other way around? Well, whatever it is. Well, time somebody said something to him. So I'll give you the rundown of where it's shown at Muzillion theaters. By the time we get down written, list will be time to go. Of course, today is a big day for me. Why is that? Because this marks the end of this phase of this whole deal. Because we start to some schedule on Monday. Monday July 5th would have had to be my mother's birthday. And so Georgia beyond Monday, Wednesdays and Fridays July, most of August. And I'll be on Tuesday and Thursday. Oh, right. Couple of days of wait is to keep in practice. And that'll be it. And of course, I'll miss this like poison. 1013 at 5.60 WQM is your company's suffering from regulations increased labor cost. Let Oasis out-sourcing help you when it comes to the people's idea of business. Pay roll administration Fortune 500 company employee benefits. Human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis out-sourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis out-sourcing today for a fear of adoration column toll-free. 1.866 at Oasis. That's 1.866. 2.8662747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis out-sourcing understands many facets of human resource management. Oasis is very recognized by firms, both large and small as a problem management choice, which lets you focus on your core business. Why do you leave the operational details to the folks at Oasis outsourcing? Let Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable. There is absolutely no obligation if you'd like a free of adoration. Just call that toll-free number. 1.866 at Oasis. That's 1.866. 2.8662747. For Oasis outsourcing. 5.8662747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide. 3.8662747. For Oasis outsourcing. 3.8662747. Why do you best do? What would you do for a club like Thor? For a club like Thor? I've listened to Ricky Martin repeatedly over and over. Oh, you know what? I can't find it. I don't like club like Thor. I'm looking for chocolate. I'm lactose intolerant. I have a diabetic post to eat Jesus' topic. No, no! Get it all out! What'd you do for a club like Thor? I'm dying over here. 1016 at 560 WCM Mad Dog at 2.866 at Kapplin at 4 for the Hupers and Vegas. That was funny. Marlon's on deck at 7 o'clock. Tampa Bay Devil Rays at the Marlon 735 over at P.P. Park. Curtis Stevens soon seems to be getting a lot of airtime. No, those people on the air and that place better start watching their back. Curtis is starting to jam his way in there. You know what happens when that starts, so, Chia? The young towels gonna take over. Once they get their foot in the door, everybody else better watch their back. Curtis at 1030. And we apologize for most of what's on on a weekend. Anyway, here's the deal. Fair night 9-11 is now showing. Look at this. I printed this out from the Sun Sentinel movie listings. Wow, wow, wow, wow. And Dave Browden, Palm Beach, had shown it as Zillion theaters. Now in Broward. Where was on in three? The regal, this is starting today, I guess, right? Yes, they started on Fridays. Yeah. Regal, Nagno, the stadium 16 and Carl Springs. Sunarise Cinema's dear field, Mall, Dearfield Beach. Regal, a Cyprus, Creek Stadium 16 for Lauderdale. Sunarise Cinema's gateway for Lauderdale. Sunarise Stadium 15 at La Salmas Riverfront for Lauderdale. Swap shop, drive in Fort Lauderdale. Go by and see Preston's hand. AMC Sheridan Plaza 12 in Hollywood. The regal, Oakwood 18 in Hollywood. Regal West Forks Stadium 13 in Pembroke Pines. The Sunarise Cinema's fountains in fountain shops in plantation. Regal saw grass Stadium 23 in sunrise and sunrise cinemas at sunrise 11 sunrise. So if that isn't enough for you, then that's screwy. Okay, they can't show it right next door. They can't show it on the roof at a house across the street. Feed or watch it your leisure. Okay, they just can't do it. Should I do the ones in date and Palm Beach or not? No, no. I mean, they're all over the place. Lot of men Palm Beach. No? Come on, there's several minutes if I could. Yeah. Yeah. Well, no Palm Beach or on your own. Okay, we're not, uh, if you're listening, we love you. And we thank you, but, uh, it lost. You know what I mean? What do they got to do with us? Although Boca, that's another story. Boca, Regal Shatterwood, 16 sunrise sunrise at mysner of Park in Boca. Boit and Beach, even in the artist movies at Boit and Beach. So other words, to make a long story short, it's showing just about everywhere. Okay, we'll get back to that eventually got a whole bunch of stuff about that to a talk about. But most important is always on Friday is a little very jackass. And the Greg Reed column in the mommy hero. Whatever Greg feeds to Barry hits right there in the newspaper. Well, first of all, it's a Q&A kind of thing. And you notice his name is not on this column, which is one of the few columns in his sports section today. It doesn't have a byline for Barry Jackass. What's going on with the Panthers and Answer searches the question? See, this is one of those deals where he asked the question. It says in case you wondered, so he asked the questions and then he gives his own answers. And that great? It's perfect. Unlike Tom Jick who pretends that is the readers sending the questions, but I'm not so sure, I believe. But this one we know that's not the case. Anyway, what's going on with the Panthers and Answer search? Answer? Analyst at Denise Potfan. It idiotic frog. Dumb as a boxer rocks. Denise Potfan said he likely will return, but still isn't certain. Whatever that means, you have any idea what that means? Nope. Maybe he's waiting for an invite. Fox Sports Network will strongly consider ESPN's Dave's straighter among others to replace Columbus Ohio bom Jeff Remer, but a decision isn't close. At least they're not actually in Craig Minner Vinnie anymore, which is fine. You know, bringing a real broadcaster and stop taking these local little pusses off of he like guilty and Craig Minner Vinnie put on some real talent on there for a watch change. Where do you place? Stop at a baloney. The only thing I don't like about Dave's straighter though, Josh would like him to be talked to his teeth. Kind of like Eric Reed that does the heat games. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. It's a seven flutter. It's seven. The seven. Yeah. I hate that. It's stand that. So Dave's straighter. I'll maybe do in the pantheor games on TV. We'll see. But now here comes the meat of the matter, okay? You're ready to wrap it or a tongue around it. Josh, as Zach, whoever you are. Shut up for it. What do you think of the Miami heat now? They suck. Now actually they did me the nice run there. Okay. Give credit where credit is due. Do I care about it? No. So forget about that. Wrong show. Forget about that crap. What a big stop. WDK question. Yeah. As Gary Sarner would say, question. What a moron he is. Didn't you see him at all anymore? I see him once in a while. No. What a shame. I thought maybe he got run over by a truck. Question. WDK and general manager, Greg Reed is mold morning line up changes for months, but hasn't done anything. What's the hold up? What's the hold up, Greg? Answer. And again, keep in mind, this is all a conversation between Greg Reed and very Jack as one of many. How many are we? I've heard of him. So, you know, he capsalizes his like it's for real a question and answer. Greg, H.U. But nevertheless, although his prone to changing his mind, Reed is generally loyal to employees that don't disobey him. This is so big. I don't like that. Greg, you. Screw you, Greg. With Joe Rose and Reed content for Rose to work alone on his 8 to 10 AM program, it's obvious. Reed doesn't want to leave Steve Goldstein without a job play begins as path is play by play gig. Doesn't want to leave Montenacol. Once hockey begins, it's likely that Goldstein will end his run on a Howard David show five to wait a year. How do you like that? I bet you're most happy about it. I'm listening. That's a loole. Anyway, then, then it says immediately following that enough to make me pee my pants or Lando Alzagiri would be a sensible replacement. The big. Wow, that is so pathetic. If that's your idea, Greg. I don't know he's been in there filling in when they've been on. When Joe was suspended, all this playing musical chairs. But that man is his doll as listening to paint dry. Forget about watching paint dry as listening to paint dry. He's got a monotone sound. And if Greg read, believes that that's the answer. If more Howard David is going to sit still for that, my good personal friend Moe is going to put up with a dollar on there is his sidekick just so they can get guilty on. At least guilty's got that real person voice as annoying as it is. I mean early in the morning, you don't want to be awakened by that. But you certainly, when you're trying to get out of the sack in the morning, don't want to be awakened of the sound of like a 60-cycle tone. Okay, that's the big. Oh, the gacky. They both had that a dollar sound. You know when you buy that? Oh yeah. They see you do know. He's a good guy. Again, that's nothing personal at all. I always say it's only business. But anyways, his Orlando Alzagiri would be a sensible replacement. Although read is intrigued by the idea of adding Howard Stern's show, he doesn't lose the dolphins who probably would take their rights elsewhere, QN picks up Stern. You should live so long, Greg, that's the reason you're not putting on Howard Stern. Why don't you tell the real reason, okay? Why don't you have fast up and tell the real reason why he's not going to be on this radio station or probably in the real South Florida market? You won't do it, will ya? Of course not. But the, and so all this article is in, I guess, Moe went ballistic. Absolutely. He's just to a piss him off again. I wish we had the clip from that. Be said it was about seven o'clock. Yeah. Is that where you heard it? Oh, no, he went. I came in there, told me. Yeah, I'm ranting and rave. Okay, put him up here. Put him on Howard Stern. Put him on already. Like, get there over with the makeup behind the, otherwise leave us alone. And that crap. Just fooling you. Maybe some, we have some spy reports. Maybe some of the people that you're already inserted. Although again, it's that show. So who knows if anybody was listening. But nevertheless, small. Absolutely. Somebody may have heard it out there. Give us a spy report. Now speaking of sperm, Howard Stern. The next bomb did drop in Howard Stern's war with the FCC is the one and a half million dollar final commission expected to propose against the 18 infinity stations that have been airing his show. The final cover. This is a big good time to pick up his show. Don't you think? Yeah. The final cover of the same broadcast that helped push former Stern syndicate or clear channel into a $1.75 million settlement with the FCC. A notice of apparent liability from the FCC has been expected since April. And could appear any day now, any moment. Oh, my God. Uh, during the show cast member Stuttering John talked about having anal sex with his wife and later Stern let his gang and Ronchi talk about oral sex. And dissipating the fines during called FCC chairman Michael Powell a crackpot during a press conference held during Stern's morning show Wednesday. Crackpot would be a compliment that's an insult to every crackpot in the world. Flight by reporters and studios of his K-rock flagship stations during declared, were going to fight back. And finnities expected to appeal to find the FCC if the commission doesn't back down. The company is expected to go to court. Maybe this will be like a, uh, diamond in the rough. Maybe they'll take this thing all the way to the super supreme court finally. And get a ruling of course for those nine bozos. Uh, that'll be the end. Then we won't be able to say crap on you anymore. But I'm thinking that now that infinity is going to get fine, evidently another million and a half at least. Oh, that'll be a really good time to put on a show. Would you think? Oh, yeah. Oh, man. Just keep in mind that I'm saying these things went all the other rest of the crap unfolds as the year goes on. Okay, because the other things that this audience doesn't know that I'm not, it privileged to talk about on the air, but believe you me. Uh, we got other problems. Okay, we got other fish to fry rather than jumping back into water again and getting our ass just burned big down. Right. But that's Greg, you know, just to got that great sense of humor. Always trying to rattle most cage. Like I said before, and he hates you like poison mode. That's the reason he keeps doing it. Rather than having a vault to come to you and say, Oh, I wish you I could find a way to get you out of here. And I can't stand you and you're nothing but a trouble making sour old koot. Everybody in the building hates you. Rather than doing that, because he can't deal with anybody face to face. That's why we had a Hank suspension as a Joe Rose suspension. And that's why, you know, whenever I'm in town, he goes into hiding, hides under his desk for a few days. Because he doesn't have a vault to deal with people. I balled eyeball face to face. So he deals with he programs the radio station in a column in the newspaper. Whoever heard a such crap, remember back in the days of the first team when he would put all those crap in a paper about well, the ratings aren't that good. And he's not completely satisfied. And he's pissed off that Joe is leading all the other crap programming a radio station in the newspaper. Through a little kid that comes to work with little paper brown bar. The mommy packs every morning. Where do he say? And that's our general man. That's Greg for you. Pony says, here's the poll for today. I noticed that that's why I didn't fact Eric the other one. What celebrity did I rely on? Would you best describe as tragic? Remember I mentioned yesterday, Brian Wilson? Yep. That's my vote. Tragic. Great talent. We like that Wilson. We're pulling for him. We hope he won't. Brian Wilson. Then also about Elvis. You can't get much more tragic than that. All of that fame, all of that money, all of that, all those women, all of the other, whatever he was doing, all those cheeseburgers. But all of those pills and then that nasty day on the pot, man. Stay off the pot. What a way to go. Brian Wilson, Elvis. That's the first two and I'm sure we'll get many, many more. There goes those boys. Sports, we need you five six. Two AM. Um, five six. Five six. Two, W, Q, A, and five six. One lift, be nice, if they've got a shot, drop, and set them in a stage, tear, drinking and boo. One lift, be nice, if they've got a shot, drop, and Spartan wall of those, come, here to do. Then this old one, we best want to be in his dream. We finally put it in two. Two, W, This, B, C, A, and five six. One lift, be nice, if they've got a shot, drop, and set them in a stage, tear, drinking and boo. One lift, be nice, if they've got a shot, drop, and set them in a stage, tear, drinking and boo. She could tell herself a scary, swing key, and she laughed and held up her pinky. Two, W, This, be nice, if they've got a shot, drop, and set them in a stage, tear, drinking and boo. There's a little trivia to the beach boys, they're good friend Brian Wilson. Hey, how's that teddy bear coming, Brian? 1032 at 5, 60 W, Q, A, and that, they ever find a guy that killed Chandra, they found the body. Did they ever find the murderer? Nope. No. How about, uh, who sent those anthrax sort of mailings? Hey, uh, speaking of that? Yes. Dave Higgins is called in on a CBS News site in Arizona. It's reporting that Marlon Brando died. Oh, I just packed you over the, uh, the article. Oh, that's it. Bye-bye. Now Zach, you know, something, if he was going to die, this is that he should have died. Do you want to know why? Why? To save Zach's life. And to be on our pool. Marlon Brando, when you say he's tragic? Absolutely. If it's true. I mean, absolutely. Such a great actor, but boy, if anybody defines the word tragic, Marlon Brando, a man who's a month was a monster in the entertainment industry. One of the greatest actors on the waterfront, Stella. Um, just the godfather was without saying, right? There's no comparison. I mean, what do we do now? You're gonna, you're gonna live! Fuck him out, you're gonna. Yeah, good point. Thanks Dave Hagan. I'm surprised they've been in shul getting his titsis warmed up for a services tonight. Marlon Brando dies at age 80. Oh, my god. The man called the greatest actor of all time has died. Past away yesterday in Los Angeles, well, as sure keep the kept a lid on it. He may be best known for his roles in the godfather on the waterfront and one Oscars for air, both these two films. I know waterfront, you know who else was great in that movie. One of my favorite actors, who's that? I mentioned it all the time. Because of death, it's as as unknown. Oh, please. I think he probably has spotted. You're gonna break. You ever seen him lately? You seen a picture of him? Yes. You could put down Stella Wies and you Josh Friedman is Zack, the beast, all the, and the fatboard together, and you still wouldn't have one Marlon Brando. He was 80 years old. Anyway, I know waterfront. I'll give you a clue. He was also in the exercise. He played the detective. You didn't see the exercise? I did. I'm gonna think he about who that guy is. Yeah. Oh, come on. I can't think of his name. Oh, my god. Josh, of course, does notes before his time. Lee J. Cobb. That's him. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Johnny, one day we'll never get that movie. I don't get how many day go get any what, grease ball, go and wash, come out on the woodwork. I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something, my crock, Nick friend. I'm gonna make so much trouble for you. You won't know what it was. Come and lawyer. I have that threat. I know almost every big lawyer in New York who'd I hell a you. I think it would only be appropriate now as the musical tribute to Marlon Brando, that we'd play the godfather theme from now until his night goes to. What do you think? I think we should. Can we suspend all of his sports crap? I mean, isn't Marlon Brando bigger than life itself and more ways than one? Oh, I don't see his name on the podium. I know Josh isn't one of the stress. I'm dying out there. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. I don't see his name on the podium. I know Josh isn't one of the stress. I'm dying out there. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Wow. This is one hell of a day man. We start out with Marlon Brando, a Biden bullet. Taking that long dirt nap. Dave Hagen called into bad news. Thanks again. You're okay in our book. A little bit too Jewish for your okay. This is got some more of his arneus. A state court judge in Florida yesterday or did this is good news in bad news. The good news is the court ordered that the Board of Elections immediately release a list of nearly 50,000 suspected felons to CNN and other news organizations that last month sued the state for access to copies of the list. And of course this is the list they used to determine who's going to be able to vote in November's presidential election to state like they tried to pull it. Well, they did pull that crap last time in 2000 right? And kept thousands of people off the voter rolls, especially dark-complugged and folks who they knew most likely were going to vote for Al Gore. Well, guess what? They're trying to do the same thing again. And thanks to the news organizations which usually suck but once in a great while, about once every 20 years they do something good. Thanks for them sue in their ass and forcing them to release that in the judge saying, yeah, you better release it now or sooner. And so they did. But here comes the fallout from a floor election officials in Tallahassee yesterday released in aims of more than 47,000 potential felons. That's in quotes, potential felons who could be purged from voter rolls, but some of those included immediately protested. They were listed by a mistake that they've been voting for years. And here's a picture of a dark-complugged gentleman with his voter registration card. Herbert Malois 77 of Del Ray Beats, he's been voting for decades despite serving three months in jail for public drug and his almost 40 years ago. 40 years ago and he's still trying to get him off the voter rolls because he's black. Why am I on hold after all those years said Malois a Democrat, registered in 1976? I just want my rights. Well, hey, we got a new regime now, herb. You ain't got no rights. Edward D. G. Bonahue of day be 79 who sounds awfully white to me. He sounds like an Irishman. Said he had his voting right restored 20 years ago in a face-to-face meeting with Governor Governor Claude Kirk. Donna used been voting for the past 20 years and recently changes party affiliation from Republican and Democrat. That must be why he's on there. The election department has said nothing to me. He said this thing happened 35 years ago was a felony. A served year and a half. I went before Governor Kirk. He restored my rights. There wasn't any paperwork. This is ridiculous. And a man in my position can't afford to look ridiculous. Chanel Hutchins, that sounds a little darker to me. 27-Dearfield Beach said she voted last year in municipal elections. She also is a registered Democrat. We only purged Democrats from the list. That's it. The darker the better. But we will even if there are whiteies to the fallen snow as long as their Democrats will Yank him off of there. I don't see why I can't vote. She said Hutchins played a guillotine April 2003 to describe it with a suspended license. The third to be felony. I don't have a criminal background. I pay taxes. Why can't I vote? She be saying. She said she's received nothing indicating that she's on a potential voter purge list. About a third of the names 15,000. 466 are from Dave Broward and Palm Beach counties. Where Lexion supervises not face the task of vetting the list to make sure nobody. Nobody is wrongly to pry the right to vote. As opposed to those thousands and thousands. Even just 16,000. Do you buy county alone in 2000? Are Yankt off at every because they have to be black. And probably going to vote for old scary John Kerry. State officials provided the database after Leon County Circuit Judge Nikki Clark struck down a state law that limited the release of the names. Quiddix demanded the list be made public as a way to fair it out mistakes. Fair it out mistakes. Fearing a repeat of the flawed purge of thousands of voters before Florida's infamous 2000 election. You racist bastards, you man. Any dark person out there that votes for George W. Bush and his bunch of racist, a cool-close retirement. You people ought to be put in chains and shackle. You have your lunatics. You're a bunch of self-hating whatever you are. George W. Bush eventually came while we know that. Civil rights groups in First Amendment advocates quickly heralded car suirling. It's a historic day, proclaimed regional Mitchell-Lession Director for Florida People for the American Way Foundation. Mitchell was first allowed to get a copy of a computer discontinued in the names. Just had a report and a representative of Hound and Knight to law firm that suit the forced estate to release the list. State officials stressed that the names only potential felons and expected local lessons to advise us to make sure that the ticket voting rights are protected. Oh yeah, we know damn well that those local locals are going to make sure that your voting rights are protected. Make no mistake about that. You have any fears about that? More whatsoever. We know they're right on top of it. What a bunch of grave are we? See they got away with it the first time and now they thought they're going to pull the same crap again. On guarantee when they were sitting on that plane, you know they're seen in a movie when the Bush brothers are sitting on a plane, laughing, puken, W and J. I guarantee you when they're sitting there, oh yeah, we're going to go to Florida and probably in between the scenes that you didn't see there. Oh yeah, we got took all of his marches off the rules when I could let them vote. I guarantee you they don't go too much yet as far as I guarantee they said that. Maybe I'll be a reflist you told him that line. Yeah, we knocked all the marches off the rules. We're going to win Florida by hooker by crook. I'm going to tell you man, you guys better keep an eagle eye over the kind of crap what's going on right now. I'm going to happen to November. They're going to try and of course Florida. That'll be the centerpiece of it again. Because you got when you got the brother Jeban there. You got real serious baby and of course Catherine Harris, she'll still be hanging around. She'll be flying over like a crow. I heard something about her plane by the way. Do you hear that story? Nope. Let's make something up. Okay. 10. 41 on a very sad day here at WCW have a July second. It's today that we're actually diagnosed today. The first did you lie. Arlin Brando he was 80. Always always love when you read those obituary of somebody fangs is they were 97. The cause of death was not immediately known. Like maybe old age huh could that possibly be it. Yeah. I don't know. What could it be like a hundred and six they died of unknown causes of natural causes though. That's a good news. Hey with the heat of the summer here. Now's the great time to get out of that car. You've been driving get yourself in was spiffy great new Toyota from Armstrong. Toyota of homestead. You're fun to on US one just 20 minutes out of the beat. 36. Even if you live like way up there in Palm Beach or somewhere. It's worth it right because they're going to save you thousands and thousands on new Toyota's. With rising gas prices maybe you want to car with more fuel economy. And the legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 1190 or a can lease it at Armstrong's for just 209 a month. Need a great Toyota for that college high school graduate. How about the Toyota Echo at least price it only one 99 a month. Need a truck the V6 to a 10 regular cab can be least for just 239 a month. And if you're looking for the hottest spiffiest new cars around be sure and take a peek at the Corolla XRsS and the Sirula convertible both now in stock at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. These folks are the first dealers to offer your free tires and batteries for life. And now they're the first to offer your free replacement parts for life. It's an unbeatable deal all the way around tires, batteries and free parts for life. Nobody know where's does that except their friends at Armstrong Toyota homestead. So why waste time and gas. Let it all over town to this big mega dealers who always seem to let you down. They give you the big sun of the incident. They are so can arm and leg. Get yourself a real honest goodness unbeatable deal at Armstrong Toyota homestead today. See our friend G and David Rich for a deal that you just love. Travel it on save a lot of new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. And be with a stick. She like a good idea. You buy this you think. When it was you, the price of all was low. Farming a thing. Over the cost of gas, keep your cheap and get towed. There's no way I can win. I wish I'd like to trade it in. But I cannot afford to drive it back to the dealership. I'm like a moth. I'm not trapped with. Because the tank is empty and the fillet of the chain. This is just you be dumb. I can't pay you for the little. I am such a junk. It's a gas eater. It's like a junk. All of my junk. Goes to pay to fill it up. Oh, back that's a junk. It's a gas eater. What the hell? I live in this junk. So my house to fill it up. Soon I'll be a bum. It's a gas eater. It says to be dumb. At 48 or 5. 60 WQM. But that's so pretty heavy due to do is it underline the heavy part. That should be a warranty as ackey died at a very young age. It was only 80. By soft Florida standards anyway. And he died because he was gigantic and fat. And his heart probably just gave out. I just caved in. Can you imagine how unregnied and of course all the. See at least the tributes we're going to be getting now will be accurate. They probably won't talk too much about Marlon's bisexuality and the fact that he had sex with everything that moved just about. You think that we talking about walley Cox, Mr. Peepers and how that while we don't want to get to that. Back in the day, we might have made reference to it. But not now. Now, no, there's new chilling effect chilling. We can't talk about that. Here's a Bob and tell her, has he said, I like to nominate Stevie Ray Vaughn for your pull. His music wasn't still as an inspiration to guitars everywhere, but tragic. Okay, you got it. Got it. Uh, what about Robert County Jr says somebody on your pull and then maybe even on your survey too. Okay. Now, here's a spiry port from our friend, Stuttering Gill and Homestead. See, I'm wondering how many people we're going to hear from today because it's the 4th of July holiday weekend. Kids are out of school. I mean, how many people could still actually be there? Bob, turn me. Which I think? If that. Is there any traffic at all? On the wall met, oh, this morning, there was. Really? Well, that's a given. Anyway, Gill says I get to my office seven o'clock. First thing out of most mouth was that like my main man says talking about mean or less. There you go. I mean man. Oh, you've just screwed up this station, Greg. You don't know if you're coming or going, Mr. Reed, just do what you think is right. And you'll see. And then Gill says good lord put a plug in it. Put a plug in it. Yeah. Yeah. Plug him. So he evidently was really worked up into a frenzy this morning about the very Jack. I see you're falling right into the trap, Mo. That's what Greg wants. He wants to keep you. Maybe he's trying to give him a stroke. Maybe he's trying to like give me a major coronary event. As about the only way we can get rid of him. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. 13 votes for Elvis. 10 for Brian Wilson. 5 for the late Marlon Brand. I want to see Steve Irre Vaughan on there. Or Robert Downey Jr. Anybody else. But you know, actually, he's under a lot of pressure. There's a lot of food still left around there. I understand. WQA and hello. Good morning. Yes sir. What is this? What is this? I want yesterday to see a movie behind. And I'm telling you, is an eye opener experience. I mean it's unbelievable. What you can do here. Feel it. Yes. Unbelievable. Exactly. And what you can do. Feel it. You think that movie opened your eyes? Because I was one of those people. They thought that we went for the right reasons. Yeah. I thought that we went for the weapons. I thought that we went for to get the terrorist. But right now, you know, it's another thing. I feel part of the problem is on the people. Like me. The dealing goes and vote. I mean, this is the election. Are you registered to vote? No. I am going to do it. I thought I'm going to be yesterday. I'm going to go and I'm going to register. Please, you got to look second of October. The fourth of October to do it. Don't just talk about it. And I urge to everybody. The go to see that movie and go to vote. Because we need to take this people out of there. The White House. It doesn't belong for this people. When in doubt, come on. People, when people are the honest state. Okay, pal. Thank you. Josh, I'll see if the polls. How did you mail that thing? Did you fill out your form and mail it in? Josh, I did. All right. I will make it some progress. You and this other guy. There's two. And then we got that herb guy in a front page of the Sun Sentinel there. He's going to vote. He's going to not sit back and take any crack. Okay, let's see. Here's from Mark who says, Here's a video DVD. You want to add your collection. Okay. There's another page to this. Should be a second page with that. Oh, here it is. Oh, yeah. I read about that. Girl's step aside. It's guys gone wild. I saw that on the Fudge Report. I bet you missed Fudge was just a game-moting about that. In fact, he was probably squeezing his e-mote control. The Fudge Harvey? I got a brand on it. I'll bring your part in. Just check the Fudge Report. It's got the Brando Death on the front. Ah, how did you saw that? Oh, I didn't think he saw it. Were you thinking he heard about it? From you? From us? From us? By way of Dave Hagan, then he went to a thing with CBS 5 and Phoenix, and then all the city breathlessly put it on her. He gets all the only accurate stuff he gets off of this show, like that thing with Katherine Harris. I heard something about her playing. Harvey, Kyle, has done it. You and McGregor has done it at least four times. Now, all red blooded American males can drop their trial for the cameras. In introducing guys gone wild and all male version of Girls Gone Wild, video scenes would promises the hottest, wildest, most beautiful real co-eds. Starting for the cameras during spring break and doing things they'd never do back home. Girls Gone Wild has been around the seven years, everybody has been involved with a many different others' been asked once or multiple times. What about a guy's gone wild, said Bill Horn, spoke them for a man to entertain it with produced videos. It was about seeing something different for a different, different audience, he said. We look at the mirror image of what we've been doing with Girls Gone Wild. Starting July 13. Three titles will be available on DVD and video through a website in 800 number guys on Wild. Guys Gone Wild Spring Break and Guys Gone Wild, Fred Boys. The stars are young, good looking guys who are shy about taking it all off and letting it all hang out is what it's in. Can we say that? No, letting it all out. They jagrate like strippers, do push ups and then one memorable scene bounce up and down on their hotel room beds about tossing a football back and forth. Oh, that sounds like a real sportsy kind of thing going on it. Oh yeah. I wonder if they slap each other any S with towels too like in a locker room. That's a real good thing. It says who exactly would shell out 1999 to see this. Based on our reactions, I've gotten college age girls maybe older Horan said, but I think it's going to be a big gag gift, bachelor right kind of gift and of course don't forget the Fags. A recent screening for a group of friends, mainland female listed its skills of a Paul laughter followed by embarrassed fascination followed quickly by boredom and shutting off the BCR. But Horan also expected that he was will appeal to gay men. There's a certain amount of gay women who purchase girls Gone Wild. They said, those are probably the women who are going to the WNBA games I would thank when you. Oh yeah. What ever happened to that team? They, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh, uh uh, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh, uh uh uh uh, um uh uh. Gregory and Bokus says, Marlon Brando was a genius be said by personal demons and ravaged by powerful addictions. I only hope that he was in a garden playing with his grandchildren when the beastly overcame him, yeah, probably a with an orange in his hand, like everybody in a godfather when they died, the godfather's always had an orange in her head like Michael. Memory fell off the chair eventually? Yep. So be careful if you stick in some fruit in your mouth be careful because it may be the last one you ever eat. Have a happy summer. If you take care of yourself we can't afford to lose you as long as George is on the ear. Oh, what a shot. Oh yeah, here's a good one for the pole. This is excellent. I feel so bad. I'm depressed. I'm supposed to be in a really good mood. I was before the show because it's my the partner for a couple of months for the most part of several of those awful Tuesdays and Thursdays. But Carol O'Connor for the list. Remember that? Yep. The sun died from a drug overdose and he was suing the drug dealers. He was all bent out of shape and pissed off and died a bitter, tragic old man, Carol O'Connor. Is, you know, anybody who didn't love Carol O'Connor? No, I don't. Yeah. Except maybe meat had once in a great while. So Marlon Brando was dead. Everybody loved Marlon Brando. Everybody loved Carol, Carol O'Connor. I Carol O'Connor was a little ponte to exact. I just mentioned it that he ate the other were they at Char Cheese yet? I have not. I want Josh to keep an eye close on your hands, okay? Oh, he's wrong. If they approach anything that you can put in your mouth, we want, we want the information. Why? And local under your sports video, five 60s you and you, a jam. Oh, I am. I'm more green. I made my bones when you were going out with Charillitas. I want to make them an off-recam review. First, Marlon Brando was the godfather. Then I'll put you know what's godfather 2 and 3. Now, get ready for the ultimate godfather. Godfather 4. Godfather, you must help him in these are guns that are coming in the bun of my house at the arm. And then I have to must have it. Maybe you could order a hit or something. Tell me here. I'm saying I hear something. Come and shoot a band. Make sure you're good. You'll get a black sesame sheet. Get them gotta give it up. Get it new. Get out the new stuff. Make them ready to go sweat. Damn, seriously. Please, please, please. Ow! Godfather, pardon me. But you just have done the look like any of the other conlionists. Put the univary on a macaroni. I think I'll be knitted if you have the soul food. Put my chin and please. That's it. Let it make it break out of the clothes where it goes on. Ow! The godfather 4. Staring James Brown. The godfather of soul. He'll make you know for you can't understand. It's 11 o'clock at 5.60 WCMD. To educate for the homperage 4 Marlon game night. Tampa Bay and town. The devil raise. So are they still hot as a pistol or what? They are. And I told you the filies are screwing runs in bunches. They scored 10 runs again last night. Did I tell you that yesterday and you would tell me your odd age suck. Bye. Karing carpenter for our pool. Poor Karen. Karen, if you would see Zach, don't you feel bad if you just handed that char cheese that double cheese burger to Karen? She might still be with us today seeing those syrupy songs. I'm sorry. How's the matter with you? It's really good though. What are you eating that night? No, yeah, no, yeah. Yeah. Well, well, how do you know it's good though? Because I know exactly. You're a soul full of crap. Is he eating that crap? No, no, yeah. Hands are up in the air. At least you're going to heat it up in the microwave, aren't you? Oh yeah. Nobody. Even the biggest slull I won't say that. Probably the biggest slubs and they were Woody to cold cheeseburger. Can't do it. Now, it couldn't do that. 56 votes on the pool. Not too many because we don't have enough names on it. We'll get to it. What celebrity? Dead or lie? Would you best describe as tragic? Elvis 24. Brian Wilson 14 and his teddy bear. Marlin Brando is moving up the list as a tribute to Marlin's got. Yeah, I'm votes. Stevie Ray von 6. Robert Downey Jr. 3. Carol O'Connor. We just put on our heat on heaven yet. But he will. Here's one that says from my complandation. For our redneck friends everywhere, please add Dale Earnhardt to your pool. Thanks and you welcome. We have parent carpet around there yet. I'm sure we will as soon as Josh is to be. Boy, what a fat fest that place is. I think the only thing that would be in out of there to keep me alive. Because I'm fat as a cow. But if I were still there, you just, you know, I can do it when I'm only there for a few days at a time. But over the long run, you know, Jeff Cohen, he wants to weasel his way in and bring in the food and this one and then Wayne Arnold and you know. And when you're fat slob and you love eat, you just can't say, No, because it gets tempting. It's like you're offering booze to an alcoholic. How about Phil Hartman? Oh man. How's that? Right? Oh yeah, that's tragic. Everybody loved Phil Hartman. He was hysterical and then all of a sudden he got into that little contractimes with the misses and she of who was brains out. Also, Fox News has some good photos of the Tampa teacher. Fox News, their website. It says the site I visit for pure amusement says Mike in the gables. Well, I think if you're living in gables, you have to watch it. Look at Fox News for like a half an hour a day. How many minutes? So required. Also, add Dana play the list. All the different strokes kids had problem, but her stories, the most tragic is Jay. I don't even know what her story is. Do you? Probably drugs. I'm assuming. No, well, we don't want probably. I've been out last time. I usually like an e entertainment story on her and there was a shadow drug problem. Well, I'm doing a search on her right now. I can't. I mean, I don't that don't believe you, but I'm searching it. Miguel confirms on the drugs. Different strokes. Oh, I'm a girl. Esco Bar, anybody with a name like that. He knows all about drugs. Make no mistake about it. Because the QM prizes have been so crappy at these appearances lately, we're going to be starting to give it out some good drugs. Once it rush couldn't use. Different strokes kid Dana played Ode did, who has a kid co-star on the wholesome. She was cute. No, I think she was. I'm the wholesome different. Yes, she died out of an overdose. Be doubled by a reputed curse. He seemed be doubled by reputed curse. Whatever that means. An accidental prescription drug overdose Saturday, May as 1999, Oklahoma. Just today after declaring on nationwide radio, I've never been happier. Well, it goes to show you. Don't count your chickens before they lay a big one. Police said played apparently Odee non-value. In the pain killer, a lower tab. Autopsy results showed no sign of illness. Tuck the toxic holiday test are pending. And Howard Stearns radio show on Friday. The exit. Oh, she was on Howard show then she died. The exit comes to our proclaimed herself drug free. Say for pain killer. She'd been on since she had a whizden tooth extraction. Some 18 weeks ago. My life is so good. Now she's never been happier. She was on Howard show and then she quote. How do you like that? Bad news. Okay. To end WQM today from 2 to 4 for some good drugs. At the Hooters on Pines and University, Stopped by the Win Marlins tickets and enjoy specials on Miller Beer. That's your drug of choice. That's a two to day at the Pines Hooters. And if you're not broken off by the time you leave, they're just slosh over to Huligans because the QM panel will be at Huligans Pub9 6 to 8 pm. Stopped by from Arlin tickets and enjoy specials on present day beer. At 6 tonight at Hootigans Pub9 555 soft sticks you highway in Kendall. You're ready for the 4th in July holiday weekend. By the way, for all your people in High Aliah, all you stray tutors out there. Give it a rest. Okay. How many people do you think are going to get hit this year? Either get injured badly or croak because of accidental gunshot. But third man. Especially in High Aliah. Every 4th in July. It's a Cuban thing. 560560. You know, I looked at the CBS website. I'm watching CNN. Have you seen anything other than that initial story from CBS. I was going to thanks today. Hang in more out. He is right on tell their side. Again, we already saw that. He says, hey, take it easy on an old man. Did you see that quote? Yeah. When they were dragging him out, take it easy on an old man. He went, just like that. He gave a couple of oys. But I don't see it. Now you know that if they were under this thing, if they had any information that they would be under. You know, I'm asking CBS that a lot about this. And here's somebody crying about seeing justice in the future. Yeah, he's looking for justice. He wants to go to Don Corlione, but more it though. How about a QM? Hello. No. Yes sir. I was hoping we might be able to get someone on the poor like Princess Diana or a JFH junior, but we should probably start throwing on the data plate of the world. Okay. The little of the skin, she thinks I actually have a power or wattage of a superstar. Yeah, but you're missing something. She was on television, see? And we didn't say what's super. Now we said what's celebrity. So she was a celebrity, but not a major major. Because if we narrow it down to that, we cut it down. Oh, don't look at it. Really, it's better than two days ago. Then who? Then two days. Two days? Yeah. Two days. Two days. Two days from, whatever that show was. Do you know what he's talking about? What show? Whatever that show was a game of adventure was Tom. Oh, I see. Oh, okay. Oh, man. You know, 2D? Yeah, 2D. 2D, 2D, 2D. Anyway, let's get Princess Diana on there. That was tragic. Okay, not that I could care less. I mean, you talk about much to do about nothing. I mean, you know, any time somebody dies at the young age, car crash all of that stuff, it's unfortunate. But. Don't get in that Mercedes. Princess, I work begging please. Pop or I'll tease, come in. Happy new. You got a crash into a law. No rich guy for you. Princess, I is gone. Princess, I is gone. She's really going into a tunnel. Hello, all. I'm Diana. One of the truly amazing things about this show is that we got, you can mention almost anybody and we've got a bit about them. And really amazing thing is that someone who still play, he was America's golden boy. The one who couldn't do, but never was. And really didn't want to. All of us told brings to the screen the tragedy that Chuck Mnation, Jay of Kajul here, starring Will Smith. Although I tell you, if you don't like that one, we always got. What even in worst days? Or if I find Will Smith, a fiber of the cheap and crappy plane that blows. A burning death I had to copy on me and say, Now, let's be the only ones that slip the night today. From what they call the Kennedy curse, If Dorothy killed Gally, will the night she say, Here up it's only gonna get worse. Somebody tragic celebration, so little time, how about Marilyn Monroe or Judy Garland. We'll put them both under for you, Kelly and Fort Lauderdale. Thank you so much. Thanks for the memories. So much tragedy in Chobas. Everybody wants to be famous in rich and all the other, but most of them are like basket cases. And I have no sympathy for any of them. You know? Do you? No. Like that, my Tyson crap here, and illiterate, dysfunctional, slime ball, or the worst kind, and he's belly aching, oh, yet 38 million, he made these, oh brother. Let's see, nothing on Brando Death, it says, on the net, except drugs. Check Google, already did check Google. Or Rich Packer, well why don't you check Google, you lazy bastard, he's told me to check the already did that. It's got to think about his father died, his father said, I'm dying of the hair. Okay, boy, boy. Anyways, as I have an advanced copy of a new book on Marilyn Muriel here for you, should I send it to QA, or send it to Toronto if the letter email did write? Yeah, I'm gonna give you my address and draw right. Get out of here, crazy person. Oh yeah, right. Now I'm actually, why send it to the station there, Georgia will be the first, he's a good atheist, although he calls himself an agnostic, because he's a pussy. Oh, how you like that? I can't say that. He's a was, can you believe I had to dump myself? Yep. It happens. Well, it shouldn't happen. Anyway, Mike says, take your pick from, uh, what is that? What is this course in that, what is that? In addition to which Kimberg Gallusah for Pierce was intentionally given a former psychodentus, was she a celebrity? These people just, they don't get it. Wow, is this amazing or what? It's like rocket science. He has got a very simple question. Let me read the question again for the 45th time. What celebrity did it rely on? Would you best describe his tragic celebrity? Celebrity, celebrity, not somebody who was infected by a dentist, or, you know, trip the, how about the Dr. Bob Atkins? Dr. Atkins would be good. That was tragic way to die for a guy. And then, all his life, they were ripping him in ass. And then once he croaked man, he was the greatest things in sliced holovah, right? Oh, yeah. Dr. Robert Atkins, let's get him on there. Maybe that might inspire you too. If Marlon Brando didn't croaked and didn't do it. Maybe Bob Atkins, don't know. Oh, he had a slip and fall. Careful when you're walking, folks. When you're walking, it glides. Elvis 25, Brian Wilson 21, Marlon Brando 11, Phil Hartman 8, Stevie Ray von 7, Robert Downey, Jr. 5, Dilar Hart 5, Karen Carbner, just give her a little piece of that cheese dog there. Will you please? Two for Karen. Dana Plato's got a pair. Princess Diana, two in Carol, O'Connor's got one. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60, only 18, 18, 10 Verizon, wireless line. 5, I like that wig. 5, I like that wig. Circus. I'm diamond on the hair. Good night, Sim Hartman, Brick jig you in and you will reveal good guys I'd have so much more to give but you married a psychotic deuce. Trick a finger, gonna gouge his edge. But the good news is that she blew herself away Because everybody knows that it's LA They let murderers walk every day Another last of her died thanks to your psychobitch wise Who had a stupid face like real And news radio was a major except that you were there And some characters from the cities that lost their voice From all that they saw life would have lasted long Which we left you no choice Good night, Troy McClone That you made a front such Films as hot and a red and a clearer above has a gun And honey, I just blew your head all Now line a must-can't get rid of She's dead anyway Satter day night, I'm falling for none In the case instead of the reason you left anyway And this sucks that she died Because of your psychotic wise With that stupid name like real And the symptoms will never be the same again But I mean A asshole's like your past And he's your father's nose right It's a good thing she said Because now they can't defend that bitch You had for a while I'd be like that head and stuff that too And there it's amazing you son of a... Yeah, all he's right about Chuck Heston being a f*** fool It's really something all the stuff we've been playing for years And the public sits back and he says It's just... Should be staggering The atmosphere in this country right now The tack on free speech You see what happens in a society supposedly Is you evolve You go from point A to point B in the moves along Over a period years you evolve And you stop being childish And like Jack Park wouldn't say WC much less the full thing water closed on here And then BC they uh... We'll try to fire them over that The threatened farm for St. Waterclos On national television at the 1230 in a morning Before your time but nevertheless it's true You go from that to Mr. Whipple squeezing the shaman To finally with all these commercials talking about Diary And constipation and limp penises and all those other stuff And people get used over a period of years to have it To being entertained in a particular way like adults Not like little children And of course little children are always the excuse Oh we can have little children here those terrible things And now all of a sudden we make this shop you turn A you turn And take 50 years back Because of the kind of atmosphere that exist in America today And of course the Democratic Party they got the balls of our fruit fly They're not not only not gonna stand up to it But they're part of it too on the FCC Anyway I don't want to get all the stuff about that We had to dump that I did Did you? Yes We all got our finger on it Now how about that sandwich, does that? Stovity Why not? I'm a little scared Scared of what? Because Marlon Brando died I just checked again I checked the air's bush And what does he do with it on there now When we got Marlon more bigger fish to fry Like Marlon Brando died Produced all tax Yeah okay tax this Man, oh man, oh man, oh shit Marlon Brando croaks in what do they got? They got this illiterate goofball on there This president and thief Who is stolen the election on there Talkin like a bozo act in nature Anyway, a speaker of a people from Texas Bedford Texas a 15 year old girl was raped Did it where fellow students watched Ever being drugged into the weekend party police said The alleged sexual assault occurred after the teenager When a friend went to a home in Bedford early Friday Police said a week ago I guess no parents were home at the time The party the teen was given booze She began not feeling well started passing out Her friend took her to a bed and tore it to sleep for a while Another teenager was led to the assault in the girl when she woke She felt the floric continued to assault her She was still groggy when this happened She looks around and sees other students from her school watching The girl passes out again after the assault when she woke Wakes up someone had put her clothes back on She went home but didn't report to rape until Monday Nobody knew where our rest of yet Got ya, not beautiful They all stand around watching You get to look probably some of some video taping too I'm sure we'll be letting you know on our website We can get copies of the video tape Are you talking about suggestions for a poll? Look at this one from John and Helen they'll be two, four, six, eight, 11, 13, 15, 16 names on here John Oh, right Like I said, what group of celebrities, what bunch of names Merlin and Roe, we got her, we got Princess Dyer How about Bruce Lee, what do you say? Sure Christopher Reeve, you take it much more depressing than that It's tragic And boy he hates the bush mustard like poison Chris Reeve Coming soon to a theater near you Christopher Reeve is Superman, Superman 5 Howl, howl Superman, Superman quit to me, oldster, it's drowning Hey, you're a Superman, here he comes He's in a wheelchair hatte Hi, howl Superman hose Okay, Razz, Jim discriminat Who whites? Jack, they haven't called you super GAMmharrier freak I'm not gonna get on something. I'm not gonna get on something. Now! I need an evil song. I'll fight with the Lord away to defeat Superman. Wait, wait, with Kryptonite? No, steps. Superman 5, the search for a bigger doorway. Rolling into a theater near you. What do these are in rape court pays, right? Oh, man. Too bad. I also want to list these vexing man's field. Nobody knows who that is anymore. Even put around if you want. Jim Morrison, I think he's still alive. I think he's eaten Cheetos in Mexico City right now. Richie, why don't you put your Morrison on there? I'll leave it up to you. I'll see how energetic Josh feels. Not how many names he wants, but on there. Because it looks like we could have a hundred on here. Alright. Richie Valens, buddy Holly, the big bopper won't see any of them no more. They must have been that same plan that Captain Harris was thinking about flying on. Good, a bit. We got Stevie Wave 1. Sunny Bono. Oh yeah. Took a turn for the horse for that tree. For Sunny. Never liked him at all. Couldn't stand him. Did you like Sunny Bono? Sunny and Cher, you like that? I'm not talking about Sunny and Cher, I'm talking about him. Oh, just him by himself. Right. That wasn't a big fan. Andy Kaufman. Kurt Cobain. John Volusian, keep in mind John Volusian, not just the drugs, but you know what else he was fat. He'd be bad combination drugs and fat, and look what's on his list. John Lennon. When I find myself in my hands with trouble, I'm a rabbit that's come to me. Back in true remaster, let it be. Because if we strip it naked, let it be who's have a new CD. You must find once more, it's not free. Let it be. Let it be. Let it be. Let it be. Let it be. What a merry Christmas, it will be. And when you feel like these old song, there's still plenty more. We can't release. Like you are for help me. Be hungry. If you try to steal all music, but don't worry, everything's yours. You're here from our lives, waiting to see. When it's here, when it's safe, when it's here, when it's with you. We will sell you back now, waiting to see. We are free. Let it be. Let it be. Let it be. Let it be. Let it be. That's why we recite the free. Let it be. Let it be. Let it be. Let it be. Let it be. You're so free, we're coming. It's not me. Please, I'm glad you're here. Believe they got it. Take me can only. 206 passed 11. We got a bit for everything, you know. I love it. It's a beautiful thing. Well give us, excuse to play. Plus a cold some fantastic time. I still see the bushmaster on air. Yeah sir, on tax tax tax. When your daddy's was talking about tax, that was the end of him man. that are watch you text. Elvis 28th the most tragic celebrity did a live all-time tragic Elvis 28 Brian Wilson 24. Phil Hartman 18, Marlon Brando he's dead by the way Marlon Brando died and we can find any information on it. Maybe they're checking a body out. Marlon 14, Stevie Ray von 11, Taylor and Hart Scott 10, Princess Diane over here, she's got nine. Robert Downey, Jr. 8, Marilyn Monroe 6, Karen Carpenter 6, I told you this is going to be a hefty list today. Why the hell not? It's a holiday weekend. Give me something to do over to we can keep you off the street. Keep your firm out of stickin' at firecrackin' around place. Back to... How'd you like that story about the gun to kill those puppies but put in firecrackers in his mouth? Terrible. Gosh, I say we take the biggest cherry bomb that we can find and just stickin' in his back going in that we all stick turns lighting it. tricky. And this is the morning. Do you want a daymarine? Come on come on. Come on. come on. ti stupid lol Don't turn your head all by your wanted fellow. And swap it with Strawberry. It's Christmas time. Seals will open up, and they will take place. You and. Just take my personal baby Now I am taking the Dutch ones I'll keep you in jail Reck them Find some excellent old Just come and pose with those big saucefish The highest Come on, come on, come on, come on, now tax be paid Tax my dog, tax my freaking to pay Tax my pay, shouts, tax my sanity In the London Luzes, in the way Go high, April 15th and Thursday Come down over here 11 30 and 560 WMLz is it on their website yet? No, just on the crawl under bush Marlon Brander was dead at the 18th of 80s As a attorney, but of course they don't want to take the bush mice to ruffle They're let's see if the CBC is going to anything on her You think? Because I'm sure they're not carrying a bush beach But they just got to top We're only a few days past the election already No, they didn't get anything on their What about city pulse? They got it on there And saw something in the busy complex of 2PM Not they got it What about MSNBC? I'm actually they got bush on there Newport news Virginia What am I leaving out? What about the BBC? What about the BBC? It's a strike it rich I think I'm going I'm good for you What a joke Isn't this pathetic? That's crazy I mean just to come on here and see he died I mean now we know that but we need a little more information than that Like what was his last meal and what was his exact weight about 400? WQM hello Not there online one That's things got problems QM hello How about guilty redner? That was a tragedy That was crazy if you write Thank you Asked Eliana Rossa Rosanna Danish She'll tell you, guilty redner So sad we love guilty redner Didn't we all love her like crazy? Oh yeah And she died at a very young age and Then we have Rosanna Danish And we're saying it Danish And we're saying it Danish And we're saying it Danish What a bitch she is Where's that thing I'm looking for? Oh there it is I am frao iliana Rossa laden And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla Asked with soap made from juice And listening through the mirror Okay I'm going to use the hour Check out And from the moon Great to one askers for on the waterfront and the godfather Last single in Paris Well he was in so many In fact, I probably should get my movie book I should know Yeah, why not Go down the entire list What was that thing? I can never think of the name of it Jordan knows it to one he made with Matthew Braderk where he we we we we We we the big lizard or whatever the thing was You know no movie the first one Oh yeah the fursman That's it Why can't believe I remembered that? Maybe I'm making a comeback WQam hello Hello, okay I'm like beyond the wonder I'm wondering whether I have all on who's hated the most policeman The fireman the doctor is a lawyer. Yeah, we've done it in many times, but the heavyweight life WQM hello Yes, it's a pollution that lives. Do we put a minor yet Josh? John Valushi, he's on her yeah Yesterday went to sunset the movie together to see if I'm not 11 again, right? I thought I would have an easy time watching except that everyone could be busy going to see Spider-Man 9 and 11 so about 8 and showing in the 11 of the crowd showing Outstanding, that's right The good news is a whole bunch of theaters 12 and Broward is starting days, so it's all over the place including some with more than one theater now Yeah, I need to see I need to see it with funny food like you I need to see it again to do my homework now I'm going to get this weekend. Thanks a lot, Pally All right Leo, let me say again in case you missed it. I hope I didn't Schmidt can and I wouldn't do that. What I oh boy That would be bad. I bet I did I had the list of all the theaters in South Florida. I noticed that I totally 22 theaters in the greater Toronto area The debuted at last week now it's 31 including Some I saw that the a cannon to square last week and we only headed one theater now they've got it in two So it's on more and more screens. It's in more and more theaters. It's everywhere. How do you like that push myster? Okay, we are having some more technical difficulty He just froze up. How do you just mention a fair night 9 11? He just froze up like a statue. Did you see that? You didn't see you're not watching I could watch in some pornographic crap. You're not full of me. Girls gonna love one Please please please tell me I didn't hear it is I knew I wouldn't do anything that's stupid That on my last day before my summer schedule It's I'm gonna read them all. It's not that many. Huh? Six within 60 miles of zip code 33301 where's 33301? What does that mean? I don't know where that is. I mean it well it's brown. I think cuz 333 minus 333233 I'm 24 yeah, are you in Hollywood no in the plantation also? No no 33324 yeah Oh 3302 4 is in while you get me confused now. I'm so anyway a MC oven to 24 and oven toera Regal shredder with 16 in bokeh sunrise cinema's in mysner parking bokeh United artist movies a boit in beach ANC Cocowalk 16 the Grove regal Maggoye Stadium 16 and crawl springs Josh are you already saw Our sunrise cinema's a tiffield mall dear field beach del Ray Square cinema's del Ray Beach movies of del Ray del Ray Beach Regal del Ray Beach 18 del Ray Beach and when you go to see the movie by the way don't say oh Regal Cypress quick stadium 16 and four lottery sale sunrise cinema's gateway for lottery sale Sunmar City 15 and last all us river from lottery sale swap shop bravin for lottery sale See that the swap shop BMC green acres river bridge eight and green acres where the house green acres it's in Palm Beach County Phoenix theaters lake worth eight in green acres crown grade 18 in high alia and high alia AMC shirt and pesett 12 Hollywood regal aqua 18 Hollywood crown avocado at 16 and out of cth either in Jupiter Regal Jupiter Stadium 18 in Jupiter AMC Mall of the America's 14 in Miami regal palic 18 in Miami Regal south beach stadium 18 Miami Beach Wasn't that the one where the movie froze up right kind like bush just did on CNN Maybe bush just heard about Marlon Brando Crocan sunrise cinema's intercostal law worth Miami Beach BMC PGA cinema six in Palm Beach Gardens Maybe Jack Nicklas will interrupt some of his punning to go see a movie with Arianna was saying He might oh those golf people man. They just they make me very angry a regal west force stadium 13 in Pembroke pine Sunrise cinema's in the fountains implantation that's where the beast is taking his lovely girlfriend if you see his girlfriend I have and Regal world palm The old saying the less said the better Right, okay Regal world palm stadium 18 world palm beach AMC sunset place 24 in South Miami regal saw grass The M 23 and sunrise at the soil grants sunrise cinema's at sunrise level in sunrise Real world reluctance to mate in Wellington BMC Okey Square Sunmate in West Palm Beach is an Okey Finoque Okey Chobie and Carefree theater West Palm Beach so there's the whole list No excuses anymore, okay starting today this weekend Fahrenheit 911 is everywhere and don't be disweighted by any of these idiots Christopher agents Ray these other negative toy people who are just all been out of shape because they can't handle the truth Oh, but it's got an opinion. Yeah, well, it's called a documentary and what seemed to me that any documentary always has the opinion Whether it's about global warming no matter what the topic is it always brings a point of view to the table and this one brings a very strong point of view and thank God for that Take Michael more for that and Into Line 9 WQM hello Did we get him on air what we do we How much longer before everyone realizes the dixie chicks were correct? Yeah, right in fact I think this weekend we should go see the movie again going by some of the dixie Records even if I can't stay cut to music. What do you say huh? Oh right Yeah, all are crafted people to and of course it's the same old stuff man the same thing happened doing Vietnam Same thing happens every time this company does something absolutely grow test gun on acceptable and the rest of the world looks and says Oh my god Starts peeing in their pants because we've lost our minds Anybody who dares criticize oh when you're on patriotic you're on American you're not supporting our truth It all the excuses man to try to shut everybody up See what's upon the family actually did have freedom of speech and now we got the yeah, it's based whatever the hell they decided it What was that what was one what was that? Before you were born Cheyenne remained into heat and refused to testify against Christian She tried many times to connect suicide and ultimately hang yourself in 1995 Mother's home to keep an hour and earlier court hearing for his son Marlon Brando said he felt responsible for the events leading up to the shooting I think the perhaps I failed with the following The guarantee always is to blame the other parent But I'm certain that There were things when I thought of going from being had on the time But I didn't I didn't the best they could Christian Brando was released from prison in early 1996 Marlon Brando had already seemed to make peace with himself over the tragedies and disappointments in his life We're glad to hear this in life along for the past the only moment we have is right now Despite his father's silence ground as legacy may continue to be measured by his father's triumph preserved on film The trade man good living please could thank a junior court some long a little bit of Marlon Brando who many consider one of the greatest actors of all time again have died at the age of 80 We understand that he died yesterday in Los Angeles his attorney says he died at a hospital there in Los Angeles as you know Marlon Brando started a number of roles on the waterfront and the godfather were among his most notable He earned best after all three floors performance at the ex-glider and on the waterfront that happened in 1954 and of course Who could forget the mafia lost Don Corlean on in the godfather god-cory on I bet you many guy and man Can you believe that this bitch is on CNN all over North America and she's hocking with Don Corlean I say we could have look a brassy a call Local this is five six years three years on your On CBS eat it is back from the dead it's the 20th anniversary of all of the family Oh rookie dead if you name John Jello we Now whatever happened to my little girl look at this why don't you push yourself away from the table Huh, maybe have a silent one's in a while don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal again with its charity She'll be on well, it's true Why don't you send them to bogey and take a hand for breath It's I thought she was pushing on days She seems so bad you mean 20th anniversary all of my family seven night on CBS brought to you by IBS home car Sponeman I still can't get over that darn cold. I don't think I'm ever gonna be the same again Marlon Brando the state they find a guts of down their website congratulations to CNN Peter late the never now they put it on at 11 30 on the crawl a bush was speaking What time do you think Dave Hagen called us? It's got to be an hour before that doesn't yeah At least I mean They're taking a WKM one of our sports nerd people, but more stoop than the people at CNN He knew about it. He alerts us to us we get it on the air Miss Fudge listening over there Miami Beach up in his loft apartment with his boyfriend. He puts it on breathlessly gets it on a your website That's it for an hour While bushes go on buddy, but it would feel like it's usual dumb crap Marlon Brando whose performances in a street car named desire on the waterfront and the godfather Earned impludes is one of the greatest actors of all time as died as the turning to the AP he was 80 He died in Los Angeles the closet death is unknown Brando shot to fame at late 1940s with his groundbreaking performance intensity Williams play a street car named desire as the brutal Animalistic yet shy Stanley Kowalski Brando a devotee of the method gave a raw vital performance that had critics swooning using the technique fostered by the Russian director. It's kind of like Moe show. It has critics swooning wouldn't you say? When you agree with that yeah, good comparison What is he out eating now? You know what I think you made a tea room business and he hasn't come back Now I don't want to end up myself, but I will anyway when you're dealing with the kind of fact that we have a QM He probably now do you take the cheeseburger with him? He just came back. What are you talking about? I'm talking about the fact that you went and ate the cheeseburger in the tea room. That's what we're talking about Yeah bull crab. I Get it out of the microwave and hold it up so Josh can see it and they cheeseburger too I Want it's legit. He did okay burger. Okay, we were positive that you took the burger in the tea room to eat it in a hiding and Fed I don't want to say it's too close to lunch time using the technique the method Fossied by the Russian director Constantine Stanislavski and popularized at least rosper's actor studio member least rosper was Hanan Roth and got out there too Was it I don't remember Oh You're right Actors draw on their own psychology and spirits and creating roles Zack is busy eating rules. They're busy creating them Brando's first film the men in 1950 earned graves, but I wasn't till the 1951 film version of streetcar name desire They became a major movie star three years later Brando when his first Oscar for his performances next box box your Terry Maloy and on the waterfront Also directed by Elya Kazan on one of his lines from the film. I could have been a contender has been widely meditated Yeah, I always say that every time I think a normal can't I think of I could have been a contender But look about a pop at janker look what I got In roles in streetcar waterfront in the wild one in 53 established him as an icon the 1950s He followed those parts with hits in the tea house of the August moon Is that the tea room of the August moon and cyanora in 1957 But it's grew when ended decline in the 60s especially after his manned performance as Flutter Christian in 1962's big budget flop mutely on the bounty or exact likes to say mutely on the counter His career repot ever with perhaps his most famous role that have done Coralian I'd like to kick her right ahead with my with a high heel shoe if I could find one She didn't like practice the name before and or so I don't know squad. I mean she's breathless this stuff And there look at it Imagine many friends and relatives Don't want to stand there good buys to the staff or some consider one of the greatest actors of all time He was born in April 1924 and Omaha, Nebraska Marlon Brando Jr. Mrs. Burst name and he made quite a career for himself and I had it sounds like a little girl reading the news And it's like some little girl in a sandbox trying to read the news certainly not news the embarrassing piece of crap Anyways, most famous were let have done Coralian in the godfather 72 director Francis Ford copal add only brando in mind for the world A decision not favored by producers who almost fired the filmmaker over the decision Copal was rewarded when the film became a huge monster hit it was the highest grossy movie of all time until jaws came along and Brando is quietly regal Brooding performances of off your kingpin was the film's centerpiece, but I wish we had more downcolonies drop-ins in here. Yeah, like Let me send right swear I'm a soul my grandchildren That I will not be able to play to peace with me When they thought it's a little bit violent thing and ain't down on these people But violent And that make it to the world You what he was strange boy, you know, he was really really strange Am I right or what? That's what the brain is all song the actor fought all up the godfather of the world and different kind of film Bernard O'Bura Bert Luchy's last single in person 73 which he played a depressed American ex-paceted who strikes up a charge to fair with the unparasualment Maria Schneider Brando and Schneider were negatively fearless both physically and emotionally to come as rated ex-ponence release And we don't have a lot yet in here about Christian brand or all the other tragic tragic things in this man's life No wonder he was eating himself to a gigantic blimp That's always a good excuse, isn't it? Yeah, of course a lot of stress. I guess the beast in Zach and Fat boy there at QM well they work for Greg Reed. That must be a good excuse when you think Stress you have to eat like crazy. Oh yeah That must be it all over fat boy was gigantic get IOD 2. So maybe I had something to do with that 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and see this is my second powers again coming in a plug-in believe this happened Well, I saw that spot yesterday would find Wilson on there and maybe think about how tragic he is And I said you tomorrow's poll is gonna be what celebrity did a reliability best described is tragic and now all of a sudden here's Marlon Brando dies today And immediately we put him on the list certainly Mr. Brando here in Los Angeles was always in the press Even up until this week selling a lawsuit this week. There was always discussion about his life and What he was doing and who is Mr. Brando dead at 80 that to you. Thank you. Okay. Thank you WQM hello Yeah, you? Yes, sir. Yeah, brando's not dead No, they put five shops in them and he's still alive. Yeah Hit him with five shots and he's still alive Hey, you know died in 1999 in the same who's that Mario Puso? Oh My god on the same day. Yeah, I'm July the tooth What goes around comes around, Pally All right, thank you bad news. Thanks. Hi, all good Mario Puso the author of the god father I didn't know no god father Yeah, I wonder if I still have that thing on who do I dare? I don't know what else I'm gonna record it on this thing I'm gonna have leading people to the Lord we reaching out around the world all kinds of people 200 different countries You're we're doing videos A little parabitson always brings up a thousand months 65 cents a day By the way on Wednesday, I'm gonna teach you ways of losing weight and I'm you'll save a lot of Robert Go get the shock I know it's got to be on here. Thanks, just for Eric. Okay Yes, there's a lot of them behind the scenes stuff on this cassette over here. I'm not really sure if I can But are not well, no, because I had the the thing with the frecky pantangeli on there I had that I played a few days ago. Remember Josh? Yeah, I didn't know no god father It anyway Get into these roles and didn't want all the stuff that went along with it all the trappings of celebrity That went along with it and speaking of those roles. We want you to stand by for a moment Miguel We want to show you a clip now of One of his best roles and of course that's the role in the god father Make you take the sortest whispered Hit come for me in the friendship and let's come to the wounded on a wood was up when this Friday And then by chance and I'm a smile like yourself should make them And then they will show you chiefframe Kim Jimin 10 God father good Good. Somebody, I'm gonna be my new one from Al-Pouramp on your new series. I'm gonna be... Except this, you're just... This is against my... I'm gonna be the one who's waiting for me. I'm gonna be the one who's waiting for me. What do you like that? Not bad, huh? Very good. I got it down. In fact, the rumor circulating about Hollywood news is gonna be the undertaker handling the whole set of Bonacetta. Who's that? Bonacetta, the undertaker man? What's wrong with you? A lot of things. But you remember when he took the took sentence? You know, his body, the Bonacetta? Look what they did to my boy. And you'd better... Yeah, I bet you didn't even even see the godfather. You're too busy eating. No, I've seen it. Yeah, how many times? A lot. Yeah. Over and over. And unless you see the godfather multiple times... About 30 times you can never be a real man. Okay? I'm telling you that right now. Even an old bag like me can tell you right now. And unless you see at least 30 times you can never be a real man. So get with it. This weekend, there'll be a good idea. You go see the other one for a night and 11 again. And white chicks. And white chicks and the Vixie chicks. And chicks would... 11.56.5.60. WQA and Pompano Park is gonna explode tonight at the race track hits off there. Fourth of July weekend with a spectacitor. Fireworks show after the last live race. That's tonight. It's a family fun night. So bring the kids out as there'll be clowns, free face painting. Live music and female in at your horse rides. All starting at some PM. Rumor I'm here is that Hallison Billy we are gonna be in town for this. There'll be a special early post time tonight. 705 PM because of the fireworks show. The fireworks show is to take place at 10.39. Poker room is open. Newville midnight. Located just in fact the Poker room opens in four minutes. Located just a half mile from both. Friday night. 95 in the turn pipe. Pompano Park is easy to get to invest of all day off your free admission. And free general parking every day. Live harness racing in the Poker room open every Friday and Saturday. Poker like I said noon to midnight. And life ring get racing gets underway night. The 725 but the night 705. Pompano Park also features signaled casting every single day. 7 days a week and nights a week too. Featuring the best in harness racing. Thurber at Holley action from all across North America. Feat to watch in Plung John. Watch out for IAR Day. Have you ever been to Highlight? I have. I went once about 100 years ago when I was young. Pompano Park a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road for the race schedule called 954. 9722000 go on a web at pompanopark.com. Horsepower you can plunge on a pompano park. Don't forget fireworks show and early post-time 705 tonight at Pompano Park. Pompano Park. You're supposed to be in 5-6 years. You AM. They go remiss the booths and I've even been in the Duit of Dweller Warner now. Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Parkterior Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park It's staying. Last time didn't work so good. It would be a big change. No. So much for me. I feel a change. So much for me. I feel a change. Robert Downey Jr. Another one of our favorites on a pool tragic. Although he's not a big deal anyway, do you think? Really? Much to do with all of my kids. Anyway, a little more on Marlon Brando. Brando's per-Olic and Brando's years of sub. This is for you exact. This was written in fact it's got your name next to it on this website. Brando's years of self-adulgence became apparent later in his life. He weighed well over 300 pounds in the 1990s. He weighed well over 300 pounds? I do not. Closed to 300 pounds? Yeah, close. Anyway, the freshman Matthew Bradford can 95, Don Juan de Marco with Johnny Dept. Brando's personal life has been more by unhappiness. As the son of an alcoholic, distant sexually promised you a parent's, Brando had a trouble childhood. He was married three times to three exactuses and has had at least 11 children. Ranging age from 2 to 38. Did you know that? I did not. 2 to 38. Holy moly, taking a page from the Larry King's songbook. Old Cockers make it babies. 5 of the children are his ex-wife. 3 of those are his Guatemalan housekeeper and 3 are from his other affairs. One of his children, Christian served at 10 years since in California, stayed prison for voluntary manslaughter and the death of his sister, Shiaan's fiance, Dag Drolay. Christian claimed Drolay was physically abusing his pregnant sister and said he accidentally shot Drolay in the face during a struggle. Brando went to house at the time gave Mathematos a Sussetation Drolay in called 9-11. Brando's daughter Shiaan in and out of drug we have centers and mental institutions. Later was declared 2 to press to raise her child, Kestley, who was given to her mother. Shiaan hanged herself on Easter Sunday 1995. I tried to be a good father. People magazine reported Brando was saying, the witness standing on the wrist and tried to do the best I could. He would have heard and said that before. He said it. I did the best I could. Now where does that other important? Here it is. Wait for your listening. This is really scary. This is going to give you if you're really naive and you don't understand how low America's come. Here's another one for your pull by the way, San Kineson. San Kineson with this famous quote, How does one guy look at another guy's hairy ass and find love. Top lawsuit says San Kineson. Back home. Hey got it. Traject. We're talking tragedy day of the Marlon Brando's death. My second powers that there was good at the race track is they are on the show. I'd be in Multigillian air. The Marlon drive is probably one of the most valuable choice. There has had key chosen. Who did I just say? I didn't even know he was on air. I think 120. Oh bro, I'm scared myself now. It's going to be too soon. Several members of the House of Representatives. When you hear this, you're going to be scared. Several members of the House of Representatives have requested the United Nations. To send observers to monitor the November 2nd US presidential election to avoid a contentious vote like in 2000 when the outcome was decided by Florida. Now we're always talking about 10th World countries where we have to send observers. You went observers, other, you know, impartial observers because we were afraid they can't hold an honest election. Now we calling the long-drawn out process in the Florida. Nine lawmakers including four blacks and one Hispanic. Sen. a letter yesterday to you on Secretary General Cofian and asking that the international body the UN ensure free and fair elections in America, according to a statement by Florida representative Eddie Bernice Johnson who's scared of the effort. As lawmakers must assure the people of America that our nation will not experience the nightmare of the 2000 presidential elections he said in the letter. This is the first ever making sure that history does not repeat itself. She added after requesting that the UN deploy elections serve as a cross-the-West to monitor the November 2004 election. The lawmakers said in the letter that a report released in June 2001 the US Commission on civil rights found that the electoral process in Florida resulted in the denial of the right to vote for countless persons. The bipartisan commission they stressed determined that the disenfranchised Miniflores voters felt most harshly on the shoulders of black voters in in poor counties. Both groups vote predominantly Democratic and US elections no kidding. The Commission also concluded the lawmakers added that despite promised nationwide reforms of the voting system, adequate steps have not been taken to ensure that a similar situation will not arise in 2004 that arose in 2000. I'd like that. The requesting members of the UN to come in and observe because we can't hold an honesty election in the US Nomo. Talking. Antime or website links deported in the afternoon 11. A website which opposes Michael Morris posted a link to an illegal download of his latest film Fair 9-11, the site morewatch.com are used that in doing so. They're hoping to expose the filmmakers hypocrisy over issues of copyright law. It also includes a link to an unsourced south of a more apparently time report is. I don't have a problem with people downloading the movie and sharing it with people as long as they're not doing it to make a profit. The download is believed to have been taken from a copy that's held recorded on a cancorder during a screening. More Watch found. Founder Jim Kinephick says if more was being honest in his opposed to comments regarding copyright, then he should have no problem with a link. In opposing the company that he wrote, let's see if more really wants to watch this to be about the work and not the money. Let's get as many people to see this for themselves and for free as we can. Michael, if you want to sue me, I'm not hard to find. He said, although more himself is so far made no response to the posting, other to his can't have threatened to take Kinephick up on his offer of suing him. Time-orton bird present the film's codestimator lines gays announced that they are now looking at legal action. I think it's deplorable, but enemies of per night and I love it are doing. He said, we're currently looking at our legal options. We're not going to tolerate anybody trying to infringe on this film's release. Go as good honest Republicans, baby. Want to bring morality back to America. That's it. Honesty integrity and morality back to the USA. Wow. On the other hand, Paul Corbin, who never disappoints. I'm going to break the time today. I'm going to read it. You know what that means? I'm going to read it. I say, how am I even read it? That means you've been fed Josh's life on it that I'm going to read it. Did you make the bet? I just made it. Just he's my mind. I'm going to read it. More as public service, Paul Corbin. I eat in that sandwich yet. Maybe while I'm reading this, you might just kind of eat the sandwich and look, you know, let this sink in. I'm going to take a bite. In addition, what you said before it was in the microwave? Yeah, it's a knife. What's he doing? Wrestling? It's relaxing. Yeah. Oh, before the inevitable. Here's some other tragic people. Chris Farley. We just said, send Kinnison, lend bias to a packs you're poor and notorious BIG. What you'll be saying about that. Let's get them all on there. Got them? He's getting them now. Okay. Well, you got to facts there, so. Yeah. Between eating your sandwiches. Here's one that says, The most tragic death has to be. Oh, my God. What? What the- Oh. I thought you liked that one. This is fantastic. I want the audience to listen. Here's the question again. What celebrity did it rely on celebrity? Would you best describe his tragic? Do you or Neil? The most tragic death has to be available on Argentine and Dr. Namer and A.F. Have a little. Do you remember him, don't you? Oh, yeah. He performed the first A.A. or no coronary, A. or no coronary bypass in the Cleveland clinic and as we spots them all for teaching hundreds of doctors of his revolutionary process in the US and Argentina saving thousands of lives. As a compassionate individual, he ran a hospital and would treat anyone regardless of their finances. He ran into money problems, whom keep his foundation open. I'll took a gun and blew his heart. I didn't like that. He's all hard to use to be anyway. Uh, Renee Favilloro. Celebrity? No. Does he fit the pole? No. Is it anything to do with what we're talking about? No. Let's just make a list of dead people. What do you say? Huh? Why not? Trigic dead people. Sol Schwartz. Terrible. He had Surus baby. That's what I'm hearing. They are just your beautiful folks. You're amazing. Never cease to amaze. 46 were a Phil Hartman. I think I inspired him when played a little bit of that book of Brian. Even though I had a little part there, we said, Oh, that's okay. No, I was, yeah, it's okay. That I dumped it. Yeah, that's it. Elvis 38, Brian Wilson 28, Princess Diana. I'll get back to you. Diana. 20. Christopher Rieve. Now that will be you didn't see. I'm sure that right now working in the mod. What's better? Network. The movie. I never saw it. I know it. Puts. Sorry. Princess Diana 20. Christopher Rieve 18. Marlon Brando 18. I thought to somebody vote he'd be moving up faster now. He's your attorney. His. His. Yeah. John Lennon 17. Stevie Rieve on 15. The Lerhard 15. JFK was I never said JFK. In fact, I think specifically I said don't put a money because he's not a celebrity. He was a politician. He was a president. I mean, he was a celebrity in a different way. But he wasn't celebrity in the context of what we're talking about today. He was a president. He was a senator. He was a politician. Type person. See? We'll get him off there. Marick will take him right off. Okay. Marilyn Monroe 14. Karen Carpenter. It doesn't. Robert Downey Jr. 8. Kurt Cobain 7. Nor relation by the way to what a Ross Jr. John Bolushi 6 Bruce Lee 6. Dan of Plato 6. Yoder Radner 6. Judy Garland 4. Carol Connor only 3. Jim Morrison 3. Sunny Bono 1. Sanchez and one. And poor Dr. Bob Atkins. He has none. Out of 3006 vote. And that's the pressing. We're Dr. Bob. Hey, look out. Watch your step, Dr. Bob. Oh. How could I be sitting here laughing? Mrs. Cruel. Oh, man. That's bad. Don't be doing those stupid false folks. It's a bad idea. Watch your step. In fact, when you go to Amsterdam's Zach when you're going to get the good stuff. When you're at the airport at Skiple Airport and they have those walking runways. You know those moving escalators? Oh, my favorite. Yeah. But yeah, because you're a big and fat like me and you're too lazy to walk. So they have all those moving walkways. And you get to the end of walk your step with a very heavy like Doug Action. Why don't you step? It's kind of cute. I like that. I just mentioned that in passing to get you ready for your referred trip to Amsterdam. I can't wait. Yeah. You want to take Josh with you? Sure. If you want to go. I'll be right here. My friend sure you're all a good spot. I love it. A trashed noon. And in fact, maybe I'll go see you and draw you some of his spots too. And peeking before the paper. If you're sick and tired of being, uh, your PC being attacked by browser pop up windows, being watched by spyware and getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and coworkers, the easiest way to deal with those bugs is get you a Macintosh from the Mac Center, the Apple Specialist in for Lauderdale. Macintosh is built on an entirely different base than windows, so all those PC pets just can't hurt the Mac. The technology expert at Mac Center can show you that easy to change to the Mac with thousands of programs available, including ones you're already used to like Microsoft Word and Excel. They'll even take your old computers to trade in. So make the change today by calling the Mac Center at 950-4486-5500. You won't get a better deal on your Mac or iPad anywhere else in town because next centers home of the 5% rebate on air-repeurchase. All of these things are waiting for at the Mac Center on commercial Boulevard, and be sure to tell that Neil Center by for active savings too. Call them at 950-4486-5500. The Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale. The Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale. The Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale. The Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale. The Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale. The Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale. The Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale. The Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale. The Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale. The Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale. The Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale. The Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale. The Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale. The Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale. The Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale. Oh, how would it be? It's a good idea, my aspirations. Wait a minute. I don't even hire children. They are all alone. I want your take on J.P. A TV. It's a great code of how can a good joke? I like J.P. Well, not the mention, He's got extraordinarily smooth the top, so it's going to be difficult to say here. Oh, no, wait a minute. I have nothing else to say. Look at how about this. How's the way the down there in the mirror mode? I'm right down the street for me. Oh yeah. I have to go. Oh wait, wait, wait, wait. No, no, I have to go. Well, I told you what. I'll hold you open up right. How's that, man? I'll give you one of my old tentations. How's that? I'm sorry. No way. That was the only call that we had. The things I knew was blowing again. Oh, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. We're not the third boy. We're the third boy. Wow! You've got to say, we will say. And you know that I can say. And around those mountains and mountains, you'll fall high. Yeah, wow, wow. And you'll go look at the horizon sea. A road map of Gipzell and sea. Get the Gipzell and sea. Way to die, I die, glass. I know clothes when something steams. Almost every day I die. And my veins will start to tickle. I have to know it and enjoy your toys. Yeah, I go, black, off, all the back. And my coat of old, friendly old, blind. Because when I know this, we'll, with people, baby. Yeah, we'll do something, fly into our dreams. And try and tell us, if you're not ready. Oh, no, that'll be, we'll, we'll, baby. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. From 18 to five, 60, WK, much better biography here in the New York Times. And guess what they're talking about on CNN on Stop Now? Orlando. Orlando died. What he could have done with? Yeah. One brand, who says New York Times, he were Vegas prodigy, electrofiedogeneration and forever Transform the art of screen acting, yet who's a redic career, upstair of the eccentricities and recurring tragedies, see there's that word tragic. Provinited him from fully realizing the promise of his early genius has died, he was 80. He died at an undisclosed, Los Angeles hospital Thursday, his lawyer David J. Seely said, they cause of death was being withheld. Young audiences, Lumister Brande, was a tabloid curiosity, and away target for late night comics with the zone private island off Tahiti, might be surprised to learn that a one time he was a truly revolutionary presence, who's drove through American popular culture like Lightning on legs. Certainly among the handful and during the Great American film actors, some say the greatest, he's also been without question most widely imitated. Virtually all of the finest male stars who have emerged in the last half century, from Paul Newman, to Warren Vady, to Robert and your early harder to caprio, contain some echo Mr. Brande's world-shaking paradigm. Simply put in film acting there is before Brande when there's after Brande and they're like different planets. It like Orson well's another famous part as you battle Hollywood only to see himself battle a bone into cartoon version of his early brilliance, Mr. Brande's like a seesp build on a surprisingly small number of roles. How's your sandwich by the way, Zach? It's still relaxing. There is his Epical Stanley Kowalkyntenasy William Street Carname Desire Roy Critten in on Broadway in 1947 at the age of 23, and then played in film in 1951. And then there's his performances the Fadley Noble Mexican bandit in Divas Apata, 1952, two crucial roles followed in 1954 as the first and long line of leather clad mixed up teenagers in the wild one, and his Oscar or winning turn as Terry Maloy, the boxer or coulda been a contender, and on the waterfront would make consider as his performance. After that explosion of creative iron, their followed a huge gap a year has filled with intermittently compelling but largely unmemorable roles, and more than a few outright disasters were stunning return to form with the godfather in 1972 and last take-home person 73. Through it all Mr. Brande was often combative and moody iconoclast, a polarizing and enigmatic figure who generally stayed out of the public eye when he did speak about acting about politics about genetic engineering about any of the passions that worked on his rambling mind, he revealed a string mixture of self-abognation and egotmania. Sub-abognation? Is that like self-deprecation, I guess so? A starling number of the increasingly rare interviews he gave were simply jousting matches between a and the interviewer, all about how much he hated doing it or how he wanted to expose the whole process as a phonic commercial exercise. On a few of the few occasions where he seemed to let loose and speak what was really on his fertile mind, such as an accreshing profile by Truman Capote in the New Yorker in 1957, or an apparel of truly odd appearances on Larry King live in the mid-90s, he got himself in the trouble, and more often than not he would have expressed contempt for the craft of acting. Acting is the least mysterious of all crafts Mr. Brande once said, whenever we want something from somebody, when we want to hide something or pretend we're acting, most people do it all day long. Kind of sounds like McReed, you know? That actor. He described himself as a lazy man, I was looking for ways to make more money for less work. More talk and yeah. More money? Less work. No wonder I liked him so much. Notoriously latched about learning his lines, he would sometimes have them written on cards just out of camera view. Supportor said this added spontaneity to his performances. And Pistudo offered to pay me as much as sweep the floor as it did to act that I sweep the floor he said. There was anything that Pages was about as acting, why do you decide about the how you're doing, they're going to do with yourself, who cares about the applause, why need to pause to feel good about myself. He said, and this goes on, and it's like a demon in Pages long. How you about that? All in brand, we still did. Here's when I was going to read a couple of minutes ago also from the times today. Paul Krugman, my favorite, my hero. Speaking of Michael Moore after all, I'd deprecating crap in the website where they're trying to like, see, here's what I don't understand. If it's such a bad movie and if it's awful, lies and so terrible, then why do they want people to see it in the first place, much less see a part in a video tab version of it. See what I'm saying? Yep. Why are they offering it to people to see because that's only going to expose more people to it, and if even only one out of a thousand people that are going to go to that website, see and say, you know something that you know, fat guy's got a point. Maybe it'll like blow up right in your post. Paul Krugman writes Moore's public service. He says, since it opened, Fahrenheit 9-11 has been a hit both Blue and Red America, even a theater's post-emilitary basis. Last Saturday, they'd never earn her junior to his NASCAR crew to see it. The films of Peel of Working Class Americans who are the two victims of George Bush's policies should give pause to its critics especially the nervous liberals, rushing to disassociate themselves from Michael Moore. There's been much tough cutting by punits who complain that the movie, though it has yet to be caught in any major factual errors, uses association in and you window to create false impressions. Many of these impunits consider it bad for me to make a big fuss about the Bush administration's use of association in and you window to link the rackboard in 9-11. I hold a sub-proplane promises to a higher standard than you hold a present of the US. And for all its flaws, Fahrenheit 9-11 performs an essential service. It would be a better movie if it didn't promote a few improving conspiracy theories, but those theories are the reason my millions of people who aren't high-high buschators are fucking a see it. These people see the film they learned true stories they should have heard elsewhere, but didn't. Mr. Moore may not be considered respectable, but it's almost a hit because the respectable media haven't been doing their job. For example, audiences are shocked by the now famous seven minutes when George Bush knew the nation was under attack for continued reading my pet goat with a group of children. Nobody had told them that the tales of Mr. Bush's decisiveness and bravery on that day were pure fiction. Or considered the Bush family ties to the Saudis. The film suggests that Mr. Bush and his good friend Prince Van Derb and Sultan the ambassador known to the family as Van Derb Bush have tried to cover up the extent of Saudi involvement in terrorism. This may or may not be true but what shocks people I think is the fact that nobody told them about this side of Mr. Bush's life. Mr. Bush's carefully constructed persona is that of an all-American regular guy, not like his suspiciously cosmopolitan opponent, with his per-air-a-patrition air. The news media have cheerfully gone along with the pretense. How many stories have you seen contrasting John Kerry's upper-crusty vacation on an tuck at when Mr. Bush's downhome time at the ranch? But the reality revealed by Mr. Bush is that Mr. Bush has always lived in a bubble of privilege, and his family far from consisting of regular folks with deep roots in the heartland is deeply enmeshed financially and personally with foreign elites with the Saudis especially. Mr. Morris greatest strength is a real empathy with working class Americans that most journalists lack. Having stripped away Mr. Bush's common man mask he uses the film to make the case in a waste of statistics never could, that Mr. Bush's policies favor a narrow elite at the expense of less fortunate Americans sometimes indeed at the cost of their lives. In a nation where the affluent rarely serve in the military, Mr. Moore follows Marine recruiters as they trawled the malls of the press communities where enlistment is the only way for young and women to escape poverty. He shows corporate executives at a lavish conference on Iraq, nippling on canapays and exulting over the profit opportunities then shows the terrible price paid by the soldiers creating those opportunities. The movies were a code as a harrowing portrait of a greeting mother who encouraged her children to join the military because it was the only way to compare for the education and will lost her son and a war whose justification she no longer understand. Viewers may now come away from Mr. Moore's movie believing something that probably aren't true for example the movie talks a lot about unicales plans for a pipeline across Afghanistan, which I doubt had much impact on the course of the Afghan war. Some day when the crisis of American democracies overall probably find myself be rating Mr. Moore who supported Ralph Nader in 2000 for a simplistic anti-globalization views but not now. Thuronite 911 is a tendentious flawed movie but it tells essential truths about leaders who exploited a national tragedy for political gain and the ordinary Americans who paid the price. Pretty good stuff, huh? Paul Krubin in the New York Times at the center website that even Zach was impressed. Huh? See what did I tell you? He went and saw the movie. Love it, love it. But when I read the bedtime story as man his mind is on food. I don't must think about it. 1226 at 560 QAM. My life in local. Here's sports video 566. You a yeah. Time out of here. Who? I'm a good guy. Yeah, I'm a good guy. You want to be a good guy? Yeah, yeah. Who's our name? Patrick. Patrick? Yeah. I just thought he's supposed to talk to someone in the food. Oh, it's food. Okay, how do I know you said? Go. Hello? Hello? How's it? Yeah, who's speaking? Huh? Yeah, hello? Who's speaking? Huh? Ah, hello? Can you hear me? Yeah? You got rest on for sale? Huh? Ah, how much you want for the sun? Well, you come here. Look at it and talk to the bar. I come over. Maybe eat dinner with you. Okay. Alright. Just a surprise, and clue the... All the works. Huh? Come on. Come on. You're Chinese? Yes, Chinese. Okay, you're the... I'm the... Are you going to play a game? You're going to? Go. We'll be there. Let's go, we'll be there. What? Go. Don't say it. Okay, I've got a gear to go. I'll take your gear up and go. Okay. Okay? Uh, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know. HAARAH! Aasty shit! Already, probably.okay. The rest of the course that we, okay? Yeah, okay. And that, yeah. I got all these important bedtime stories and I'm gonna read them all. Oh, right because it's so obvious that you hate to even more than Miguel, so I'm just I'm gonna read all of them. Okay, now I'm serious good. I'll then Campbell's unique DWI excuse Who seeks to mobilize religious conservatives with somebody face that I had it already it's on our website But thanks anyway a carry-by's presidential decision draws near somebody might be interested in that here's the latest poll In fact, there's an online poll that I think you might even you might find interesting how do you like that even a puts like you really Bill Cosby as harsh words for the black community you've seen that all going on having it. Yes Pentagon stalling on the probe and do I boog our red yeah These are important things much more important than to talk to some of these nerd not actually this week with the call has been pretty good You know what I say? Oh, yeah Well, I you untuck him to Josh because Josh you sitting there listening to the morons call on day after day, right? It's a special week is that what it is? Maybe because George is near. I think George attracts him like a flies to a Schmidt pile He maybe he's a maggot magnet you never know could be Because we've had a dearth of those people not that I'm complaining all the week that had we had Ron a couple of hi I just to make sure that he could introduce himself the Zack. I was happy about that. Yeah Please please Give him some pros and a comment down. He'll be alright And we actually have blind Mike there with part of the story in about Phil Henry and I OD I guess you couldn't see the rest of the story That's go was moving to 10 o'clock at night. Are you sure? Join QM2 to four to day at the Hooters on Pines and University stop by to win some Marlin tickets Man, I'll tell you this town and give away more for tickets more games than you it's just amazing and enjoy specials on Miller beer That's a two-day at the Pines Hooters and I bet you McGell is doing both of these deals. Is he? I'm sure he is Yeah, because if there's free beer any kind of free booze. He's always there The QM panel be at Huligan's pub tonight six to eight PM stop by to win some Marlin tickets I see it just has stopped by Marlin tickets now we just give them away We just give them up on the idea of spinning that wheel or having a go. We just hand them out to anybody who shows up. What do we do? Well, that's self-explanatory, you know free Marlin tickets It's a stop by Marlin's tickets. Yeah. That was a shot him and go. Yeah He didn't think you would catch up before he was upset. I see he made a little typo Stop by Marlin's tickets and enjoy specials on present in debut. That's a six-day I saw it and I corrected it to first time myself, but I'm not gonna let him off the hook because he's getting a lot of free booze I'd like to at least know if they're gonna like spin for the tickets or if they just come by to the see This is called just trying to give you audience a little information just a little bit of a friendliness and fan Something appreciation if you're gonna get the just gonna show up at a spec Marlin tickets Well fine, and we'll give him a whole bunch because I'm sure we got plenty Six tonight see what they're doing homigans pub 95 55 South-X. See how we can handle and find out why Miguel's got the good drugs How the good stuff? Okay, White House Derby here's the part after this story Zach. Oh, in fact You can eat your sandwich after I finish this one, okay? Okay, perfect. Are you gonna? Yeah, why? No, you're not I want to report on it. Why do you need the bread? Is the bread taste good? Yeah, the bread taste pretty good. No, it is not taste good. I'm not going to eat. Don't suck up to Joe so much Okay, just because charred is a sponsor. I mean the charred a million times. I love their food But the bun is no big deal. Okay, like McDonald's like Wendy's any bun a bun is a bun You know, I mean let's it's on a friend. It's a different kind of bun. That's another story to sink your teeth into Which sounds like euro by anyway Here's the online pool by MSNBC. Wait till you're this now. Well first I'll give you the the regular pool. The one that just came out. Okay I can find the damn thing. It goes on for about 400 pages here it is the NBC news Wall Street urinal survey released this week Wednesday shows bush 45 carry 44 making at a statistical tie nater 4% but The online pool If the presidential election were held this week for whom would you vote there? As of this morning before the show 161,4001 responses that that's a lot a lot of people bush 43% carry 54% nater 2% how do you like that all right bush 43 carry 54? Nater only 2% Now see this is supposedly not scientifically valid for some reason they're pull is supposed to be valid And this is just online you know And we know just from the example of this show we know that any poll we do our mind is always scientific is it? Oh, yeah make no mistake a booded For example, what we got on there right now We got enough tragedy on there now. We don't need anymore. I would two but we don't have the BG's Sing and tragedy just like when Morris went to a mountain. I that was a tragedy In fact, you know something there's one thing in there that I can't We'll have to dump Listen carefully Maybe I can actually get it out Basic I should better keep it down I'll take back those big Japanese side My bowels I don't know how to laugh I'll be in your time for the fact that falls You're that these bunch of doctors in Now my hot stuff You're much a dynamite To my intestines out Now I think that's far enough I'm not doing that I mean my presser lock I'm sure there's something There's like a raspberry or two Or at least Glen Campbell's unique DWI excuse Glen Campbell defend himself against his drunk and driving charge Claiming that he wasn't really that drunk But he was just over-served He was just right in the line Yeah, I'm using that Right Campbell's arrested November and he was He was so much a cross-ing a minor traffic accident He played a guillotine to a stream drunk and driving And leaving the seat of an accident Well sentenced to 10 nights in jail I wasn't really that drunk He told Civic at an entertainment TV show Assets Hollywood and interview I was just over-served Campbell also said he didn't remember anything Because he was in a blackout mode Exhips that he knew who were released on Tuesday A mugshot showing me showed a skull and cambo I'll see that one Well I saw the mugshot I said who's that guy The 68 year old singer said Everybody says it's a devil But it isn't. It's got the way of telling you to slow down Campbell's reported to a finished air Where he'll served time for the accident He was sentenced to 10 days He expected to spend nights in jail and days on work for a low He's barred from drinking alcohol during his two years probation His ring of hits include Ryan Stone Cowboy The Elvis didn't jettle on my mind about the time I get to penis And as a matter of fact we do have a grand camel But there's one I can play And one I can't And because George and I went to this before I'll find it eventually I just want to make sure Because I don't want to have you guys a banging at button all over the place It would be it would be bad I think we're on the trigger Make sure it's like really bad Okay here's how our scientific poll is turning out so far What celebrity did or live Would you best describe his tragic? How about Morris Gib? All he did was go to the hospital Like a minor thing he had like a bad gasser Something about a big nose that they they'd push it him up good Mostly him no more Right? No way Get him on there Morris Gib As in Maurice got it Got it Feel harm in 58 Elves 46 Brian Wilson 29 John Lennon 28 Well, I don't teach those abegies to be taken up by seats on air america west But I'm trying to go to Vegas a few years ago Bump me back to business class and we're back to coach with a story about well Somebody canceled your reservations But we'll put you on coach anyway And we get on to playing the whole first classes taking up with abegies I guess he won't be doing that no more willy No, you won't Brian Wilson 29 John Lennon 28 Princess Diana 27 Christopher Reeve 23 He's tragic And he's really pissed off at the bushie But I'll pay that Fulming at the mouth Marlon Brando 21 The only set we could we could confirm that anyone name Marlon Brando was there But we were certainly welcome to call back later The cause of Mr. Brando's death is also not being released by lawyers Saying only that he is a very private man We do know that Mr. Brando suffered from chronic heart problems in recent years I can't imagine why Zack The legend on Lairking the Night Nanoclock Special on Marlon and then I was at any time I told you once they find out about this Eight night comics and in comics Okay Marlon Brando 21 Daylarn Heart 19 Marlon Monroe 18 Karen Carpenter 17 Boy every time you eat another sandwich you should feel bad for Karen Stevie Ray Vaughan 16 Bruce Lee 14 John Belushi 11 Robert Downey Junior 10 Kurt Cobain 9 Dana Plato had eight Yolker Ragnar's eight Two knee Garland five Colonel Connor Ford I'm surprised he ain't doing better aren't you? Yes I am We love Carol O'Connor Ripped you who's Done Oh no Ballon Brando Larry King and Marlon Brando with a smooch on the lips Oh my god Oh my god Almost disgusting thing I've seen in a month Jim Morrison 3 Sanctness and 2 Chris Frolley's got a pair of sunny bono One notorious B.I.G's got one Dr. Bob Ackens don't have any in two pack has his uh he's a smoovie It's my life Oh this is sports radio 560 2 A.M. It's new and it's at Burger King Godfather trilogy action figures They're fun for the whole family Collect all 10 mob action figures with each wiper fries and super live straight And that's a super live drink No exceptions Get sunny in his favorite garbage can So you could beat the crap out of Carl O'Afer he punches out sunny sister Or get the bullet brittle body of sunny after he gets it at the jersey toll booth Wow isn't that great Impressed all your friends with the done himself I'll make him an offer he can't refuse So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the godfather action figures Remember it's only business and it's at Burger King Even Zach will need a Burger King But he'd almost anything but I guarantee without even asking you would need that crap with you No I'd like it I'll make me found sir Burger King I mean if you want to taste something like that just go out of nond the tires on your car on some truck out there Just nond a couple of tires couple of good years It's a good idea A shocking image of a blood spattered President Bush devouring a headless child is causing an uproar Says the New York Post today The drawing by sculptor Richard Sarah based on a painting by Goya And I've totally the just too many Goya mother is one of them Is being used to promote please vote dot com build as a call to vote the Bush administration out of office Please vote dot com It appears on the back of the nation's life with issue ironically Sarah a past recipient of any a grants was once praised by first lady Laura Bush in a White House press release about one of his pieces at a Texas museum His tilted arc once grazed federal plasma lorman hadn't until was destroyed in 89 Pundit Andrew Sullivan that's overheating fag with the death wish Labelled the Bush image and up send it in simple demonization Or how do you like that for Andy saw the promise Sullivan Maybe he can mend his wounds with look maybe a misfudge will look as wound. I better be careful Bush seeks to mobilize religious conservatives. Oh my god president Bush seeking to mobilize religious conservatives Relection all and before getting to this I think much more important about time Brady and I catalact to see that No, I didn't but you know how you want to catalact again for being MVP of the Super Bowl again. Oh, yes, yes, yes There was a ball game that night Virginia. I know that it's hard to understand but there actually was a Super Bowl and the pick is one probably the most exciting Super Bowl of all time But all I know about is the flag with Janet Jackson and the booby on a crap flap with a crap So I didn't rate he was supposed to get he was able to pick this catalact or the so he picked something I don't know the SUV or whatever escalate No, and any rate the one he wanted wasn't in production yet, so they said well, it's been taking period of time So six months went by and no catalact So then he picked an alternate one after you're with the whole one wasn't the S.V. but whatever he wanted and they didn't have that in stock So just today at the Boston dealership or this is supposed to show up at his catalact show up there He said I'm not driving that damn thing and I want it. He's pissed off and fired up because catalact jerk Tim around You don't mess with my boy Tom Brady. I'll take it at right now. Okay, he'll give you what for basically so take your catalact and stick it I guess you guys you probably take it. Oh, yeah Then you can probably go through all the drive-throughs and go through the taco bell and through the Wendy's Poitoclical Rb's Hmm What you like Rb's? No, I have any nerve I better not rip Rb's again because every time I do that we get a hostile hate colors We got some list of who works at Rb's I guess I like that Do you? Yeah, well, and you got that taste. What do you like about Rb's? I got like market fresh sandwiches Market fresh sandwiches. Oh my god. Can you believe he said that? No, they're not bad. You are so brainwashed man market fresh sandwiches. What kind of a puts would say that? I mean market for it just because you see that in their ads and you're a peep don't you see how they taste good? You know, okay. Well, I would have been a lot better than sending a got market fresh sandwiches. Jesus Christ Almighty. It sounded like a commercial. Yeah, okay. Go ahead. Tell me. You know, I do like it. Rb's. I don't know. They still make this potato cakes. No. Yeah, they do get out of here. Sure they do. The little potato cakes is a little chunks of potato. Not that I know. You better start studying your Rb's Mr. because you know what's squat all you know is about those market fresh sandwiches. Yeah. And they got the a roast beef don't it would be careful on that roast beast man. I'd be real nervous about that. Yeah, that's plastic would a plastic meat would the plastic that melted plastic cheese. Army was great in the beginning way back in the day. Oh, man was good. I remember an East Lansing, Michigan. When I was a Michigan state, you couldn't beat it with a stick band. They used a certain kind of cheddar cheese that was like real tangy. Oh, man. It was good. I don't want to get ZEC on there. But it was really great. Now it's kind of like like you said that was the word plastic. But you maybe you like plastic market fresh sandwiches. Now the market fresh is fresh. Yeah, like what what do they make? They got turkey turkey bacon lettuce. I'm saying which is good. Okay, I'll take you work for it. What about the subway now? I can't stand subway. But they do have those Akins raps huh? Yes, I do. Don't ever eat it subway. I would hardly concur with that. And what do I know? Nobody does like Taco Bell right? Hey, Taco Bell. Oh my god. Now. Now we've got a real serious problem on this show. How I have ever met now, Josh. You like Taco Bell, okay? Yeah, I love it. But what's not to like, what is it that you don't like about? Is it that greasy beans? The refried beans that are like mush? I don't eat tacos or anything of burrito. See, I don't, whatever I get there. I don't get beans. I'm not into beans. I'm not a bean guy. I just had 100 round George's that long that I'm interested in beans. See what I'm saying? I can't say, especially mushy beans. Ooh. But like you get the burrito supreme window beans. Have you ever had a burrito supreme? A Taco Bell window beans? No. You'd love it. I never had anything from Taco Bell. Well, then how do you know you don't like it? Because I don't like tacos and stuff like that. I've had tacos before. I don't like it. But what about burritos? If I had burritos before, I'm not a big fan. You better watch it if somebody's going to hit you over there with your lupa before the show's over. God, I cannot believe you. But it's good. That's excellent. I'm glad that I didn't even arouse your appetite there by talking about it. Not at all. You talk about Taco Bell. I'm not going to get hungry. Burger King sucks. McDonald's, you impress me has been a guy. Even though you're not fond of it. You probably would make a pit stop every now and then. Some chicken wing nuggets, man. Yeah. President post-sikking mobilized religious conservatives for his reelection campaign. His ass church going volunteers to turn over church membership directories. campaign officials say yesterday and a move sharply criticized by both religious leaders and civil libertarians. The Bush-Chain campaign is issued a guide listing about two dozen duties and series of deadlines for organizing support among conservative church congregations, listing about two dozen duties and a series of deadlines. A copy of the guide obtained by Werder's director religious volunteers to send shirts directories to state campaign committees identify the churches that can be organized by the Bush campaign and talk to clergy about holding voter registration drives. The document distributed the campaign coordinators across the country early this year. Also recommends that volunteers distribute voter guides in church and use Sunday service programs for get out the vote drives. We expect this election to be potentially as close as 2000, so every vote counts in its important to reach out to every single supporter president pushed campaign spokesman Scott Stanzel said. But Reverend Richard Land, who deals with ethics and religious liberty issues for the southern Baptist convention, a key Bush constituency said he was appalled. He said, Oh my God. First of all, I would not want my church directories being used that way he told orders and interview predicting failure for the Bush plan. This is the one of the haunches for the southern Baptist convention. The conservative Protestant denomination, who's 16 million members strongly back Bush in 2000 held regular drives that encourage church goers to vote vote their values said land, but it's one thing for us to do that. It's totally different thing for a partisan campaign to come in and try to organize a church. A lot of pastors are going to say, Wait a minute, Bob, he added and that's exactly what it says here. B U B, Wait a minute, Bob. How do you like that? Never heard the expression, Bob before. We used to have Bubba. You know, we got Bubba. I think Bubba is perfect for the Bush people. You never heard that before? No. Well, let me just put it to this way. Probably not because Jews don't say Bubba. That's probably the reason why. Redneck say that, Bob. Wait a minute, Bob. The guide service does a spade of opinion, post-short Bush's reelection campaign facing the tough battle. I already gave it those numbers before, Saudi, Saudi. Stanzl said the campaign ended the month of June with $64 million in hand for Bush. He had no figures and how much Bush is raised in June. At the end of May, Bush raised $13 million in dollars, but spent all the 63 of it. The latest effort to Marshall religious support also drew fire from civil liberty, liberty, and activist consider about the constitutional separation of church and family member. You used to have that? Yes. Used to be fine. Any coordination between the Bush campaign and church leaders were clearly be ill-eagle, set a statement from the activists group Americans united for separation of church and state. They will cut! Amen to them. There you go. These are those honest people. I'll say it again. I wanted to bring integrity and decency back to Washington. B.S. man. B.S. They're shoveling out by the crap load. Phil and Mudgate, who generally is a marginal fact you're at best, as Frank Zepa was at the tray. You're right. He ought to be on there, right? Yes, sir. In fact, now again, we have to be very careful because you're only a little bit. He there, people on Bob and Brown, to see how the queue is buoyant down. My car is fast. My teeth are shining. I tell all the girls they can kiss my hiding. Here I am now the famous scoops. I'm present sharp and I'm acting cool. I got a cheerlead here once they dealt with me. Okay. I think that was an out-good timing. Anyway, for example, was a tragic ending and was misdiagnosed before the discovery had prostate cancer and gave madethsens. An addition is genius has now yet been fully appreciated. What is on this show for Mudgate? Good choice. Thank you. We deem yourself for the excellent. Poor Frank Zepa. I won't see him no more. By the way, I figured I would budd would be in Jewish families. Baba. Bubble. That's my good. That's not bad. That's good. By the way, maybe he's in his expression. Bubble? Maybe it comes for bubble mice. That's what it's got to do with. Or maybe, Bubby. Who the hell knows? Anyway, so let's see. There's one that's good for the groin. But for the Jews, everybody can use it. Five six hours. I'll take a couple of calls. But I got heavy duty. I got big fish to fry here between. I can't believe that they don't have those potato cakes. I am sure they do. Never heard of them. I want to full report on that next week. WQM. Hello. Yes, sir. Well, this is exactly how Hitler got the churches to back him up. He wound up at clergy with them. And he promised them all kinds of things. So this way, he's the one I take over Europe. You guys are going to be in control of the reward. Or would he sing? Yep. So anyway, he's trying the same game as Hitler did. Okay, have a great weekend. I can't count down. Come down. Just take two in call us in tomorrow. Okay. Let's give you a warmest phone number. Falk at these six at five 60 WQM. Hey, Pompatau Park is going to explode tonight. It is the right pick. It's off there. July 4th weekend with a spectacular fireworks show after the last live race tonight. It's a family fun night. So bring out the kids. There'll be clowns free. A pace of a pace painting and free of a face painting too. All the way. I like the pace painting better. Live music and pre-miniture horse rides. I'll starting at seven o'clock tonight. There were special early post-time tonight. 705 and a p.m. because of the fireworks show. The fireworks show will start at 10 30 night. Poco was open from noon to midnight. So when right now is I speak. You go and plunge your lungs right now. Easy to get there. It's just a half mile from both eye and ninety five in the Florida turn. Pike. And Pompatau Park gives you free admission. Pre-general parking every single day. Live harness racing in the Poco room are open every Friday and Saturday. The Poco goes on till midnight and live racing gets underway nightly at 725. Don't forget early post 705 tonight. Pompatau Park is also open every day. Your life seven days and nights a week for the best. Simon Casting with harness racing. Watch out for Ray Fisher Jr. Thurberid and a higher action fall across North America for you to watch and plunge on. Look out for Roger Mayott. Pompatau Park a black-suffered landing put a burn on power line road for the current race schedule or directions called 9504. 972-2000 or go online at poppanopark.com. Don't forget the big fireworks show tonight posttime 705 at Pompatau Park. Nine. And move. This is Fort Real Five City. We can weigh. It's time to two hours. Hi, Vey. Having trouble falling asleep, If conventional sleep machines, What settings like gentle rain and battling broke, Don't help. Get the John Kerry's sleep machine. It laws you to sleep with the mind numbing sounds of a John Kerry political speech. I used to toss and turn for hours, But now I just turn on my John Kerry's sleep machine. I international strategy is centered on an arc of... And before I know it, I'm surprised to believe in your NGO. The John Kerry's sleep machine offers four different policy settings to suit every mood from tax reform. My new payroll tax credit was worth. And getting so free, we're going to die today. We're going to be economy. Before we can lay the foundation, I can make it to my own so please. The foundation is of the economy. Get the John Kerry's sleep machine today. And with any luck, you'll sleep right through the election. I'm John Kerry, and I approve the John Kerry's sleep machine. I'll be able to wear my sleep machine. I approve by John Kerry. One or two, if it sounds like I'm eating I am, Because you've inspired me a little Canadian cheddar cheese here. Nice. Good. No carbs. Low cow. Oh, maybe not. This is a little slice. Yeah, sandwich. I did. And it was delicious. What's the main port Josh, whether without the bread? With the bread? What a pig. I am going to do, I'm going to crawl under this console. I'm just going to sit on a floor until 2 o'clock. I can't believe you. You have a death wish. Make no mistake about it. No, I don't. Yeah, you do. You don't think you have a death wish. Make no mistake. Is there any doubt, Josh? I don't know. You know. Put sucking on forever. Yeah. Yeah, that's probably what Tom Deluis is thinking too. That's probably what Marlon Brando was thinking too. Just before we had their last crispy queen domine. Oh, crispy cream. Oh. I'll tell you one thing. They put the clothes sign on the door. If they saw Marlon come in a crispy cream. They immediately ran to the door or put up that clothes sign. Speculation if John Kerry ever wakes up, I should blow it up. Speculation continues to run rampant. About whom democratic presidential candidates enter to John Kerry will choose as running made and wait until they can form an announcement. Oh, you know, somebody to look at this poll. Maybe you ought to do it. Which one? Uh, CBS News.com. And when you get on it, they have a pop question over to right hand side. Who should John Kerry chooses to run a meat? Let me tell you something. And the problem is, is look who's missing on there. I don't see Hillary on there. And I said that the big rumor that the misfudge was starting is not to think they played it in his website the other day. Yeah. I don't see Hillary on there. Well, I would that be. Okay. I'll tell you what we're going to do. Although Eric may be in lunch too. I was thinking we ought to change the poll now. Okay. After one. We'll assume his Eric gets around. I'm going to give it to you right now. All right. Let me read you the result of the first one. It was okay. We didn't get a staggering result. That's there's nobody else in anyway. Everybody's vacation. Phil Harvin 62 the most tragic celebrity did a relief of all time. Hartman 62 Elvis 54 John London 40 Princess Diana 33. Brown Wilson 31 Christopher Reeves got. Marlon Brando 22 he's dead. David Hart 21. Current Carpet or 20 Merlin Monroe 18. Uh, I just give over a whole bunch of them there. We were going to be a 17 down below. She's 17 Bruce Lee 16. Guildarretner doesn't perko Bay in a dozen. Donuts. Robert Downey Jr. 10. Dana Plato 10. Judy Garland 6 Sam. Kinesson 6. Carol O'Connor 5. Jim Morrison 4. He's dated Morrison's. By the way, do you know that? No, I didn't. Chris Farley 4. Oh, don't. They're out of business. Aren't they? Are they also something else now? Piggadilly or something? Yeah. They all changed their names. No, all their customers died. Oh, that could be all. Frank Zappa to Dr. Bob finally got one. Dr. Atkins 1. Justin Paces Sonny Bono 1. Mattress V. I. G. 1. Morris Gibbs got one. So I'll other way you spell Morris. I didn't know he was Jewish. And two pack don't have any out of 464. Okay, the new poll will be because CBS don't How to do it right. You people at CBS suck. God, are they pathetic or what? Anyway, I see whom. whom should he choose? Isn't that pathetic that they put in grammar like that? Why can't we just say it more easily for the sloths than we got? Who should John Kerry's running away fee, right? Okay. That sound better. You got it? Who should John Kerry's? I hope Eric is less now because you can't change it, right? Eric's got to change it. Right. That is correct. He says with a chuckle. While Eric doesn't want to give you full control because then what do we need him for? I mean, who should John Kerry choose? This is running. I know Eric it's a laborer love just calm down. He'll get all whipped up. Start sending a bunch of psychotic messages to Josh on your little box there. Just calm down. And here's the list they've got and we'll add Senator Hillary Clinton, right? What? I think during the break I'll fax it because if I read the song here it's really pondress. I'll just read it real fast and I'll fax you the list. And we'll fax Eric the list that'll make it easier, okay? Okay. And I'll write on top Senator Hillary Clinton. Because that's what everybody is talking about. That's the buzz evidently. The people at CBS don't read the Fudge Report, which is probably a good idea, but nevertheless, they're not in all the gossip going on. The Boston Globe reported yesterday that Karees announcement could come as early as next Tuesday in Pittsburgh, but the Kerry campaign is told to CBS do the report is wrong. At least the part about Tuesday in Pittsburgh because Karell be speaking to African Methodist to Piscobaladers and Indianapolis and to the NEA Washington later that day. So there you go again, the Boston Globe. A decision-to-spec it soon however sources told CBS news that the staffs were leading by President of Presence of Contenders, they would ask to be ready to clear their schedules for next week in case the decision is made then. Karell is currently hold up at his vice-starman Pennsylvania, preparing for the Democratic Convention, Boston and other this month, and finalizing his decision on a running mate, Karell has shrouded these selection process and secrecy. The vice-presidential candidate, most often mentioned her Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack. Pretty of moldy once and that's when we read his name on a website on the ear. You know who that is? No. Neither is anybody else. North Carolina Senator John Edwards and representative Dick Gibhard of Missouri. And there's only one thing to say about that last week, you know what it is? Another Dick in the White House? Right. The gloves that Karell is also considering other potential candidates along with Delaware Senator Joe Biden and Georgia Senator Sam Nunn see what she's talking about as in reference to Dick Nixon. See? Got that? Gotcha. Before he started in all panicky, which I'm sure you did. Karell is also reportedly made overtures to John McCain, but McCain has squashed us by collation by the nine that he'd run with Karell and campaigning with President Bush. An evening, a recent AP poll conducted by Ipsos Public Affairs suggested that a majority of registered voters want Karell to pick Edwards and they've got the poll over here on the right. I'll read him down now. Thanks at the Eric. Karell's a John Karell pick is running made Senator Hillary Clinton, Senator Evan Bye, General Wesley Clark, Senator John Edwards, representative Dick Gibhard, Senator Bobby Graham, Senator Bill Nelson, for Senator Sam Nunn, God forbid, Governor Bill Richardson, Governor Tom Vilsack, who, Governor Mark Warner and don't know. Well, why do they always have to put don't know? Huh? Because maybe people don't know. Well, I'll tell you what, I'm going to cross out don't know and I'm going to put, I don't care I'm for Bush. How's that? We always put that on there. Oh, that works. Doesn't that make more sense than don't know? If you don't know, just lay a bug off. Get lost. I don't care I'm for Bush. Can I make an easy for Eric, because I know he's in a lot of stress with the left food. And especially when he's talking about Arby's. Now, did anybody, well, we're not taking the calls, but nobody facts to tell anything about the potato kicks. No. How much would he ought to bet on potato kicks at Arby's? How much would he ought to bet on potato kicks at Arby's? How much would he ought to bet on potato kicks? Hey, that's a good idea. Maybe somebody tomorrow on Monday will bring you some in. That's a really good idea. Of course, you'll have to eat him up in a microwave. Pretty good. Better than those thinking little potato at those tater tots, they serve at the forage. I realized this was years ago, but I mean, they serve you a stick with tater tots and are like microwaveable and they're like so hot that they can just burn your guts out. At a place like the forage, that's supposed to be so fancy, schmancy and a holly-tourty, and where people get every now and then, right. Every evening at the forage? No. Don't. Now, I actually had a member of the food was good or not, but when they had frozen tater tots, I kind of like turns my stomach. So, I'm going to facts this to you, and I'll facts it to Eric and life goes on. 10 after one at 560 QA. There's a bio that I've written. Call my wife. Call my house days. Soon Hillary will be better. 10 million. That's what they paid. There's a chapter all my impeachment and the heavy turns. I'll point in the hall. I got busted for my cheating. No, boy. In my life, I wrote it all. And besides my skanky lovers, there's some crap in there. Now my policies for those pages won't get noticed. So just think of them as a waste of trees. Still I hope you go and buy yourself a coffee. So I can sell more than Hillary. Then you can read about a girl who's fat and sloppy. Oh, my life ain't rated cheap. Oh, my life ain't rated cheap. Oh, my man. 150 but an Eric doesn't waste any time. I'll tell you that he's got half of that new pull up. They're already in before he know it. Just a matter of moments. I'm sure we'll have the whole thing. And that's pretty good. Eric refresh the whole thing. Probably be a thing. You got it. Well, I put him in. So yeah. How do you do that? Well, he just put up the poll. I put in the options. Well, I'll be damned. That's great. See you. And they're all there. Let's see. I'm voting for. I'm not going to see. I'm voting for it. We start getting some votes. Okay. I'm voting right there. I just stuck my thing right on it. Here's the facts from Devon who says. Three things. I want to give props. I eat respect to Bill Cosby. I got the book Cosby thing right here. Bill Cosby's my new hero. That's some serious balls. Who stood up and said some very true and important things to his black audience. Two. A friend told me that our martial law show yesterday was actually admitted that Bush might lose. All right. And three. Have you noticed that Alza Kari is getting all the press and being credited with all the mayhem and Iraq instead of been allowed? Maybe he's who they're going to parade around and try to sway the election of the right. I like we got Alza Kari. There's the really bad guy. I forget about been allowed and he was small but that is after all right. Just like they do with Sodom now. Look, we got him. We got him. Anybody care? No, we got him. Anyway, getting back to Bill Cosby. Bill Cosby went off another highway against the black community yesterday. Telling your room full of activists that black children are running around not knowing how to read or write and going nowhere. He also had harsh words for struggling black mentality and stop beating up your women because you can't find a job. Cosby made headlines and made when he operated some poor blacks for their grammar and accused them of squandering opportunities. The civil rights movement gave them a shot back yesterday saying his detractors were trying to invade the High-the-Black communities, birdie laundry. Let me tell you something your dirty laundry gets out of school at 2.30 every day. It's cursing and calling each other the end word is they're walking up a down-estreet Cosby said during an appearance at the rainbow slash push coalition, Citizens Education Fund's annual conference. They think they're hit the entertainer said they can't read, they can't write, they're laughing and giggling and they're going nowhere. In his remarks in May the commemorative of the anniversary of the Brown vs. Board of Education desegregation decision, Cosby denounced some black's grammar and said those who commit crimes and mind up behind bars are not political prisoners. I can't even talk away these people talk why you ain't where you is and I've learned to kid and tell her the mother talk Cosby said then and then I heard the father talk everybody knows it's important to speak English or something's knuckleheads. You can't be a doctor with that kind of crap coming out of your mouth and he is Cosby elaborated yesterday and his previous comments and he talked in a roughed several times by a clause. He can't get it some black saying that they can't simply blame whites for problems such as team pregnancy and high school dropout rates. For me there's a time when we have to turn the mirror around he said because for me it's almost analgesic to talk about what the white man is doing against us and it keeps the person frozen in there and see to keep the frozen in your whole you're sitting in. I wonder kind of hold he was talking about better not say it. Cosby lamented that the racers were as once used by those who were lynched blacks and our favorite expression of black children and he blamed parents. You put on a record that is yelling in this and end that you got your little six year old seven year old sitting in the backseat of the car. Those kids hear that he said. He also condemned black men who missed out on opportunities and are now angry about their lives. You've got to stop beating up your women because you can't find a job because you don't want to get an education. Now you're earning minimum wage cause. We said you should have thought more of yourself when you were in high school when had an opportunity. Cosby appeared yesterday with the publicity seeking urban Jesse Jackson found her in prison of the education fund who defended the entertainer statements. I'm sure that's what you said it to statements. Yes sure. Bill is saying let's fight the right five. Let's level a playing field. Jackson said, drum people can't do that. Cosby also said many young people are failing to one of the sacrifices made by those who struggled and died during the civil rights movement. Movement. Dons water hoses that tear the barcoff trees emit till he said naming the black youth who was tortured murdered men's Mississippi and 55. Allegedly for whistling a white woman and you're going to tell me you're going to drop out of school. You're going to tell me you're going to steal from a store. Cosby also said he wasn't concerned that some white took his comments and turned in against our people he said. Let them talk. Bill Cosby for a white president. There you go. That would be good. I'm not sure how that would work out. I was going to say get a gigantic black football with all the stuff he's talking. I might have the opposite effect. Anyway, let's see. Look at this. Josh, I hate to break the news. You mister. In fact, here's the menu. You better learn your fast food mister because I'm telling you right now. You ain't got it. What? What are you talking about? I'm talking about RBs. Now, when you go to RBs, do you go inside or through the drive? If nobody goes inside anymore. No, I just have to drive for. Yeah, we'll see. What you're doing unfortunately is you're not stopping long enough because you're all with up and you're thinking you know what you want, but you don't know what you want. You're laughing. What do you mean? What's on the med? They got the potato. Potato cakes. Potato cakes. Right here. Here's the fact that MJ who says if you'll show up a minute. RBs does have potato cakes. Check out page four of their websites nutritional guide print out. Here it is. Thanks, MJ. Garden side salad. And it doesn't say anything you're about market fresh. Says nothing about market fresh. It says Josh was just saying that because he's open for some free food for our RB from RBs. Well, then he's an idiot because that's what I order when I go there. They have a bunch of sandwiches that you can order. You order what? I order the turkey bacon, you know, lettuce, whatever. Yeah. Does it say wrong? I don't think it's a good bacon. It's what it's called. Does it say market fresh on there on the thing there on the menu? And you drive market fresh sandwiches. You can order the BLT. He's doing it. He's doing it. He's doing it. He's talking between his teeth again. So that's what we've got to do. It's a nervous thing. Market fresh sandwiches. Don't have to get all been out of shape about it. Just because you made a mistake. I make a big mistake here every day sitting down at 10 o'clock. There's no mistake. Homestow fries. Small, medium or large. Potato cakes. Big potato, plain or with butter or sour cream. Rockley and cheddar potato. Dinosaur, wholopin' you, uh, bites. That's what I always say. Pelopin' you, bite-ned, you get those? I have before. Big mozzarella sticks? Yeah. Onion pedals? That sounds like crap. That sounds like a pork-squeer's run-in-ring. Yeah, basically. Prap. Yeah. Bacon, bacon, biscuit. What? Hand biscuit. This is breakfast crap. Sausage biscuit. Bacon, egg, croissant. Ham and cheese croissant. Got a whole list of a crap here. But right there in the middle of it is, in fact, up to the top. Potato cakes do each. I know they wouldn't discontinue that because even though they usually do discontinue someone it's too good, they've had that for years and years. Next time you go, they're wanted to try it. I'm gonna. Cheers, how better than fries. All these people would have freaking fries like those damn Dutchman, man. What's the bigger trash it would french fries? First of all, usually they're very, very salty. That's number one. And number two, unless you just smother them either with that like they put mayonnaise or ketchup or some gravy crap like they do in some places here. They have no taste. Well, they're good when I try them. How you're hiding in any food? I'm gonna give you a little lesson right now. Believe me, I know food. I've eaten in more than both of you put together in just a week. In your lifetime. Cindy says, Christopher Reeves shouldn't be on the pole. He's not dead. Look, guess what, Cindy. Let me read that original pull question again. What celebrity dead or alive would you best describe as tragic? Cindy, shame on you, sir. Isn't this amazing? It's first he says happy to lie for a thing. She says, he shouldn't be on the pole. He's not dead. Do we say he ought to be? He's got to be dead? Are he surprised? No. No. Or here's more than men, you look at that. Market. Yeah. Oh, Mr. Smarty Pants. They're teaming up against me now. Let me do it like that one. Yeah. Oh, no. I just was curious, because I never heard that before. Probably because I don't see any of their spots. I'm sure we have RVs here. We have all of the crap. You know, even Burger King is here McDonald's. Wendy's. We have Harvey's here, which I never had it, but I think I might try it very soon. Looks really good. Harvey's. Not hearty's. That's in Florida. Got hearty's. Harvey's with a V. As in vagina. Market fresh. Roast turkey ranch in bacon. That sounds pretty good. Roast turkey creamy ranch spread. Right. Oh. Onion rings. Now those real onion rings? Sure. Why not? We think so. Well, what does that mean? Oh, in other words, that's on the sandwich. No, there's onion on the sandwich. Well, they call it onion rings, but what they mean is red onion slices. Yeah, they don't know for money in rings at RVs. Market fresh. Olderman BLT. That sounds pretty interesting. I might actually try it someday if I live long enough, but I have to be a long time. Ha ha ha. You watch. I'll be getting hate taxes or calls from the RVs people again. Definitely. They just, they're very uptight about it. I mean, I don't have to like their food. They're doing fine, I think. I mean, there's a lot of better choices, but they're doing okay. I'll figure joint QA in 2 to 4 this afternoon at the Hooters on Pines and University. Stop by to win Marlon tickets and Joyce. Precials on Miller. Beer. That's it. Miguel will be there to hand out some free drugs and the QM Vandal be at Hooligan's Pub the night six to wait for you and stop by for Marlon tickets, which you might win or get free or Hootos, maybe you'll find them on the floor and enjoy specials on President Abe Beer, six to night at Hooligan's Pub at 9555 South Texas, you high-win candle. Do you have any idea the excitement, the tremendous rush in my system now that it's I shouldn't have said rush at almost 25 after one? Yeah. And this is the last hour like, see if you only probably put this whole day on God now. You stay up off the whole summer back in the day a couple years ago and then they did this thing with the apartment here and it went and Amsterdam, it's long since history and then I agreed to do the two-ten Thursday thing, which was stupidity on my part. I didn't need to do that. Greg in fact, let's rethink that right now. But even so, the only bad thing about it is when it gets toward the end of this deal and believe me, it, you know, it goes by very fast two weeks. It gets toward like about the 20th of August and we can't feel like our combat. Then if you start thinking now, it's another 10 months before this thing comes along again. You know what I'm saying? I do. And when you've all got six weeks vacation year and 45 days off for holidays and 15 weeks sick leave, I mean, it's pretty tough. We got votes on there already. Baby, at least we know our poll. CBS doesn't know they're poll from your ass, man. 62 votes on our second poll. Who should John Kerry chooses his running mate? John Edwards 31. John Edwards is God. Bob 30, man. Bobby Graham 11, him or he's got 10. And they've been put around there. Wesley Clark six. I don't care I'm for Bush two. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Two. A dwindling crowd of Bush people. That's what this name is on. Former Senator Sam Non One, representative Dick Givhart one, Governor Wilburch instead of New Mexico one, Governor Tomville, Sac of Iowa one, Governor Mark Warner, none, and Senator Evan Vi one. What's wrong with him? I guess they don't like that. Bye bye. What's wrong with him? He's good. Good guy. I don't think he could win the end of for them. So what they'll good as he does. See him Sam? No good. Unless you got a running mate who can up he wouldn't their state. It's kind of a, Evan Vi is good though. Son of Burke by long time in the end of Senator. Way before you were born. Oh yeah. Okay. We're talking RBs this hour five six seven. 056, the pound five 60 on the AT&T. RBs and market press sandwiches this hour. The good. RBs versus, RBs versus Tarr Hut. Whoa. And of course it's no contest because RBs has never ties on WQA. I don't think. Do they? I don't think so. No. How about a QA and hello? Hello? Yes, fam. Is that me? It sounds like me, yeah. Oh, hi, me. Oh, this is the great niece of the Kakamoon lady. Oh, how are you doing? I'm doing good and I just wanted to call him say have a happy fours and the good son. And that's all I have to say. Thanks for calling. Thanks, we don't. We still there. Alright, thanks. Still there. She'll be showing with us forever. Thanks a lot. Bye bye. What was next week? 27 after one at five 60 QAM. What? You're sports when you're five 60. You A M. Strength up your heart. I'll do it. I've been everywhere. I've been everywhere man. I've been like a headless man. I've been everywhere. I've been everywhere. I've been a reenuced guy. Go far, go. Man, I saw the buckle on the run. No, when still sad, so the way you don't know. Come on, you're home. Come on, look down. I found him. I'm mad at one of my uncle. We're going to the out there line. I don't go home up. And I'm a risona. I'm going to the hola. I'm going to the hola. And you guys to go. And Texas in New York. I'm going to the hola. Man, I'm going to the hola. We're going to California in New York. Where are you going to Calstaglada? I'm going to the hola. I'm going to the hola. I've been everywhere. I know it's a quote out. I'm going to the hola, I'm going to the hola. I'm going to the hola in the most tall today. Please. In Oregon. We're going to California. And Texas in the feet of the Hola. Because of the blam run, black rock, winter run, cost $1. We're going to Calstaglada. We're going to Calstaglada. And this guy. And this devil's leg. Drater lick. I'm going to the hola. Where man, I've been everywhere. We're going to the hola. I've been everywhere. I've been everywhere. And then we're going to watch it if you see the things like the windows. one thirty five sixty nobody's going to Rick says chronic Rick facts in says since you changed the poll. How about adding Howard Dean at least and of course that's my bad first on the channel CBS believe in Hillary off of there and how about good old how he did. The only thing I'm thinking is he might be a little bit too shrill for carrying. We're going to get the job done I can't tell you that. I knew I was here because I could smell the burgers and I could smell the onion rings. Oh man I apologize to Zach I think it back you did week week is nothing we can do about it you know see we're just surrounded by a see a fool even carry who generally looks like a dead man in the suit even he's very animated look at the smile on this face talking about there those great burgers and fries and onion rings out there where he is right now. He's filled the chart he's spot he's on his bus tour through middle America he's why maybe he's in charge that could be it all I think they got him there. Wow wow that is scary you know some of our dinner on there a Josh. I mean he's not so hungry quotes see they like this pull better than the other one. And send you out of the shinning yourself you can't put the. You can't put what's his name on here was it Chris Chris reads yeah because he's not dead. Oh brother senator John Edwards 48 senator Hillary Clinton 16 general Wesley Clark 13 that was my vote I can tell you now vote for West Clark. Nice. You don't like that. All right guys I bet John Edwards to me I think is overrated I don't see that he's got that much pull you know what I mean. Got you. North Carolina is you got a wind North Carolina for carrying no no. Wesley Clark might win Arkansas for West Clark and built pin in Bubba put up you know big one to punch there. Senator Bobby Graham 13 we love your Bobby. The money ancient side looks a little like how do you do but we love him. Oh wait man just changing Bobby Grim just hopped over West Clark Graham 15 Clark 13 I don't care I'm per boy seven. Wow six percent. Dick give hard three Howard Dean God one we just put him on there at a heartbeat he's got one must be Rick. Former senator sin none of Joe's real redneck right wing or one governor Bill Richardson one governor Mark Warner one none yet for Evan buyer time bill a second you wonder why why I'll tell you why because nobody knows Evan by. That's why they have got no idea who that is. Could answer here's something important you just facts to me thank you whoever sent this in Florida fights back resisting the stolen election. The film made by Floridian's at ground zero. If his word we we we we today if we had an investigation of the 2000 presidential election if you've seen turn height 911 you must see this film. Florida fights back shows you how a crime was committed against democracy in the year 2000 and how the politicians from both parties took the path of least resistance. To all of this you'll see the need to stand up speak out and take action from girl approach test footage to confrontations with politicians to interviews with investigators this film tells you the greatest story never told. Go back to the scene of the crime to hear the evidence and watch the people's resistance featuring interviews with Greg Polas BBC investigative reporter bestselling author while love is great. And Vincent Voliosi for merely deputy the investment author will probably tell you how patty herst is doing. Winner of the directors pick for best documentary 2003 many dv film festival. July 10th 745 at a PM know what they as that it's a week from tomorrow right week from no Saturday. Yes. At the mommy beats cinemateak 512 sbonyola way mommy beach although being on course showing of a fortified spack at 945 PM city is limited tickets are 10 bucks advanced tickets can be purchased at www.flordafightsback.com floridafightsback.com or by calling the author 305673 4567 305673 4567 it's a week from tomorrow 945 PM mommy beats cinemateak after by tickets in advance i guess see these limited so be sure to catch that i know both you got to be over there with bells on positive. oh yeah. if there's free food blackleby there. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT AT and Verizon wireless line. WQAM hello. Yeah you're all just speaking yes. Okay i like to ask you a question. Yeah. Okay. With found like 911 and Randy Rhodes and Howard Stern you felt you know Rogers, etc. Well what do you make of this you know George Bush reelection. Now let's slow down and run by that again because that was really all more than i could digest. Let's see with with 3rd height 911 and Howard Stern and Randy Rhodes and Neil Rogers. Yeah what do we make of this George Bush reelection? Wow I've been for the life of me I don't know what that means. Okay like granted George Bush is running on the platform of like you know that the wall is running on the platform of fascism is good for yes. Exactly and the problem is of the people of this country are stupid. Are stupid. Are obviously. Yes. You're able to ask it. Is this a rhetorical question in other words you don't know that? No because guys like you and other people like I could have said stern and roads and Fahrenheit 911 getting out in the media or not. And that's the like. Isn't that going to make it change with my normal way people think? We'll see you don't forget we haven't even had the first convention at the Democratic Convention until the other the month. And why doesn't John Kerry get out? Or is it running lately? There's the thought begins here in cloquet where for 100 years you have lived that spirit. How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America who is a mud on Saddam Hussein torture prison. Abu Ghara, Ray economy, and fed your families. And over the next few days that bus right over there is going to continue our trip across the heart of America. From independence Wisconsin to independent sila and little known to anybody I know it at the crossing of Route 53 Highway 53 and 33 we passed a parking lot called independence and that's truly independent. And I'll tell you. What? We're going to visit towns, we're going to visit farms, we're going to march in parades, we're going to eat barbecue. We're going to play a baseball and we're going to celebrate who we are. All right, honey like that Josh is really I mean that as was that was hot. Whatever your name is Zach is really sold big time. Now I'm tongue-tied. I'm so excited about this. I've never tuned you up reading again. It's just not so close. Yeah, he's got my vote. He's got Bobby Q. He's got those great burgers. He's got unarranged in fries and Zex been about 40, 50 times just to make sure. Oh, let's abuse the more prisoners. They then scream nice and loud. Get me some words and a battery pack. I don't care if they hate from my rack to be used. Use you to the torture because we're just laying their game in the past. It had to be worse with the dumb who's dead. I'm not in a hand. So glad. Oh, the hard burn. Don't go, don't go every time I see. Don't go, don't go, don't go. That free card in him with you. Don't go, don't go. Oh, I'm giving you. I've got Zex. He's president of the game. Oh, I'm giving you. Ray public and bustle in. And in our cake and in hideous. I don't know why. They won't want to die, but not easy to. First call to the record. He's with president of the game. Oh, I'm giving you two. Don't go, don't go, don't go. And get to we all vote at home. If you want this. No! Don't go, don't go. If it's rubber, stupidity. Don't go, don't go. And this drug gets rich here. Don't go, don't go. Easy, man. Don't worry, don't worry. Please, president, come. Oh, yeah, don't care what it's all. You got to be in my hook or cross. The Christian, right? Oh, what's best? You and I have a hell of a fear. Please, got a great leader here. Are you sure? With president, don't go. You want to stay as homey once, shame on the dog. But whatever, that's it. To me, I just can't, that's so beautiful. But I was in the area of the movie. When I great, that was hysterical. Wasn't my favorite part, though? No, I wouldn't say the best part, but it's a great way to end. What was your favorite part? The favorite part was when he was standing in front of Congress trying to sign the Congressmen's kids up. Oh, yeah. They were like, look, he had him fight. Running away, some of them were running away. And then the one clown, oh, yeah, you're absolutely right. Really, they're petting them on the arm and like, Walt's in a way like who the hell are you? You couldn't. It's too advise you're going, come on, come on, come on. I still think the beginning of part of the movie, where they're rehashing the election and just, and then the scene, the frustrating scene there in the joint session in Congress, where Gore, where they're like, all they had to do was have one senator to sign the protest against the certification of the election result. And there's Al Gore, no less of all people. They present a pro-tem of the Senate. Al Gore standing up there in the shadowing them down. If you don't have a senator's vote, because they just debuckled, you know, they're collectively buckled, they decided to be behind the scenes, they just cave in. Very sad. And I'll just mention this again, because this is the Harold's version of the same story. We had to begin with the show, but it was well worth mentioning, speaking of fixed elections. More than 2,100 Florida voters, many of them black Democrats could be wrongly barred from voting this November, because Tallahassee elections officials included them on list of felons, potentially ineligible to vote a Harold investigation is found. Oh my God. A Florida division of elections database lists more than 47,000 people that apartments said maybe ineligible to vote because of felony records. The state is directing local elections officers to check the list and scrub felons from voter rules. But a review by the Harold shows that at least 2190 of those names, including 547 and South Florida should not be on the list, because their rights devote were formally restored to the state's currency process. That's a potentially jarring flaw quitted saying the state that turned the 2000 presidential election to Governor Jim Bush's brother, George on the nearest of margin 537 votes. 547 in South Florida and the margin the victory supposedly was 537, following those numbers? Yes, wind by with tendersphere. Florida wanted to six states that don't allow felons to vote, as come under intense criticism over its botched attempts to purge felons since the bitterly contested 2000 election when myriad problems prompted many election officials to ignore the purge altogether. The new list is causing its own problems raising more questions about the fairness and accuracy of the state's efforts to purge the voter rules of ineligible voters. State election officials announced there may be mistakes on list, but in just a bill in safeguards to make sure the eligible voters are not removed by local officials. They said that they've warned election officers to be diligent before winning voters and applied possible cases in which voters on list may regain their rights. We've been very clear that this database is not to be considered the final word Paul Cractiv of the Division Bureau of Oating Systems Saviour yesterday. We've told the locals that it may be very careful with it. Right, we have complete trust in the voting system in the state of Florida. Right, the people on Palm Beach County just love to resell a poor. We know that Katherine Harris will probably be out of town on a dinner that would get that night. So, nothing to worry about, right? Not at all. Man, who the hell they bullshit? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line, who should John Kerry chooses this running made that's our poll question today, much more scientific than CBS. 184 votes John Edwards 85, and he's way out in front, nobody can touch John Edwards. I know some people would like to, but nobody can. 85, General Wesley Clark 28, Hillary's got 21 good old Hillary. You go, girl. Bob Grave 19, I don't care I'm per bush. 15, 8.1%. Howard Dean went up there nicely with eight. Dick give hard for Bill Riches and two former senator Sam Nunman, Mark Warner one, and Tomville second, Evan Biden, or sitting on the big go. This sitting on the big and he better push him on. Can you believe that thing in a very jackass column about the big old being, go these replacement? Can you believe that? Yeah, I could believe it. You think that's acceptable? That's what they put, you know, he's been on there with Howard, you know. Well, I understand that, but I mean, it's a permanent replacement, Molyn, holy, calm man, holy Joe, it's Molyn. That's just, it's just beyond belief. That's like oil and mozzarella, it just makes no sense to me at all. I'm listening, but they're gonna, and I'm not, I'm not even talking about him. Oh, do, do, do, do, do, do, do. Talk about the big, just coma inducing man. Don't do it, Greg. Don't do it. You young man, you got your whole life out of here. Don't do it. But what I'm really thinking is go ahead and jump. WQAM, hello. Yeah, I want to answer the poll. Yes, sir? Yeah, Max Wewens. I didn't hear him mentioned. Okay. All right. Thank you so much. Formax, Cleveland. The Republicans butcher this Vietnam veteran War Hero, Cragra Pleijic, and it's, it's, again, no matter what happens, like they got it said before, it's like the American people are like frozen, they're in suspended animation. Except, of course, for these millions of people all across the country, they're going out to see the movie. I'll say it again. A dozen theaters in Howard now. We had only three last week, and now we got a dozen for Fahrenheit and 11. And the thing that amazes me is that everybody, all these critics, even the ones who claim to like it, they are all critiquing this and critiquing it. Just go and watch it. You don't have to critique anything, especially if you haven't been paying any attention. I mean, a lot of the stuff I've already read about these bedtime stories. I'm sure we've had it on our website over the last year or two, but most of the people, they're oblivious. I'm sure that everybody who goes to see it will find things in there that they didn't know before. And even if they knew all of the facts or alleged facts in the movie, just seeing like the thing where he's sitting for the seven minutes in the classroom reading my pet goat, and seeing his reaction that during the headlights look on his face, is that should be a fly open or right there, when you think? They could end the movie right there, and I was still at a different thought on a bush. I mean, especially with a clock running there, you know, 901 902, and you see the clock running. He's still sitting there, and he's a, scary. It takes you birthaway. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Line 9 is always a winner. QAM. I know it. Consumelo. WQM. Hello. Good afternoon sir. How are you? Pretty good. I'm curious to know, have you found rain, couldn't book yet or you've been doing it? I have not bought it and I will not buy it. I'm not interested. I love it. But I'm just going to read an 175 page book about Bill Clinton's life. I don't, I got too many of the important books to read. Um, well, my next question is, I'm currently you don't have the audio book either, with, uh, I think they make some entertaining drop-ins. Uh, if you guys would like a copy of it on audio. Really? Yeah, sure. Okay. We could take some clips out of there. I would, uh, I'd be happy. I won't be able to do it today. Box of PlayStation on Tuesday and, uh, do my Netflix. Excellent. The one I like the best is this is a bunch of who it. That's what I'm in favor. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Thanks. I'm in for, but I'm in YouTube. But 52 at 560 QA. I am. My, my, and local. We're sports video 560 QA. QAM. Why the, you bastard. Come on everybody. Get into the skin. Now that it's been in for however long it's been, freedom for all friends. I can't get in your second chin. I'm everybody. Do not plan to come on and try to overdo. It'll overdo. It'll overdo. It'll overdo. It'll up and step by. I'll be in YouTube a little. Do the little bit. I'll eat a lot to the guy. Come on and take a definite position. Definitely. But there's nothing we would told a turn about. Totally turn about. Take your finger at the knee. You see how good they'll be. Everybody do. Don't think about it. Come on everybody. Join the front of the knees. When you start to think and the public is swayed. Us will free trade and stage a bombing range. Everybody do the good. It's just come on and try to overdo the middle. Overdo the middle. Rating up and step by. I'll be in YouTube a little. Do the little bit. I'll eat a lot to the right. I'll be in YouTube a little. Then don't make it everybody happy. Everybody have that. Now let the other guy in need. Everybody do the good. Everybody do the good. Everybody do the good. Everybody do the good. I'll step up. Friends, they're back to home. It was harder than you planned to. With the right hand. Shocking giant. And jam with the band. And jam with the band. And jam with the band. From home to spiral. And to the middle. And overdo the middle. Rating up and step by. I'll just step by. I'll be in YouTube a little. I'll eat a lot to the right. And now all it up in romantic sight. It's a romantic sight. I'm home and I'm an old man. All the refugees are to feel a little. They're ready to sit. Everybody do the good. Now let the old man stay in the street of shuffle. And they're ready to sit. It's a continental home. And they're no home. And they're no walk home. And they're ready to sit. And they're ready to sit. And they're ready to sit. And they're ready to sit. And they're ready to sit. And they're ready to sit. And they're ready to sit. And they're ready to sit. And they're ready to sit. And they're ready to sit. And they're ready to sit. And they're ready to sit. And they're ready to sit. And they're ready to sit. And they're ready to sit. Everybody do the good. Everybody do the good. Well, look at the schedule. Friends, we look at Monday. Monday's the official Air Visual High President Holley. These ten day have been six to ten, but little George will be here with Josh Josh tended to write the doing their thing. Curtis Stevenson to the five on Monday. Look at that. The night-tenties were minors weigh in. Yep. The Crow would get G.E. Elamino O.P. Grat that's at the five o'clock on Monday. Then we get the Marla game. So we got to have a make-shift scheduler on a holiday. We got a little Georgie. We'll be here. And I'll be here on Tuesday. We start that schedule next week. Nothing I'm excited about or anything like that. You understand. Or do I think right now I'm going to go to our business celebrate with seven orders of potato cakes things like that? And some of those market fresh sandwiches, Josh. Who should John Kerry chooses his running mate? It's no contest man. Edward's John Edward's 103. Wesley Clark 31, Hillary 26, Bobby Grant 21. Everybody else, no contest. I love eating nuts. Are you sure?