Spride by you, well still doing this weekend! Now that Bill O'Reilly's Korean resident whose name is on the skids, come on by and check out his new venture. It's Bill O'Reilly's sledgeers spin zone. I've always wanted to drink wine, so fast as I could with being introduced and to be the thing. You can get that in so many other devices of special pleasure in Bill's store, like the... The... And of course, the ever-popular... That people loved him, eh? Right, all mine, Mr. Newsmann. Bill's got products so hot we can't even see them on the radio. In fact, he's probably got a lot of stuff that should never be recorded anywhere. Wow! That isn't appropriate. Stop by Bill O'Reilly's pleasure spins zone today and get a coupon good for one free, a lot of love, plus with every purchase of a $50, you'll get a free, thank you phone call from Bill himself. Well... Oh, well. Baby, you want to run a worldwide loan? Oh... I must go to the bathroom. Well, yes, close to FWP! Ah, oh. Wow! Well, it's 8 minutes past 10. Look at this Boyz and Girls! I love bonus for here today. Well, I don't know what Kelly do now for 52 minutes. We got a first spot in there. Huh? We don't. This see this does work. Here's a classic example of why this whole deal this Greg weed nightmare that he's splattered on the rest of us like Freddy Kruger. This doesn't work. I mean, I thought I had solved the problem. I kind of an intermediate way until we figured out what planet we're all on and by starting to show a Freishly 11 o'clock. And that was okay when Mr. and Bailey had even a 10, 20, 10, 40, 10, 45. Now, yesterday 11 was seven I worked out a little bit off. Off-gword, but that was okay. Yeah, that was great. Yeah, this was a big hit. But today I come in here and I'm sitting my ass down here about I don't know about nine o'clock, whatever was 10 after nine and George and I are confedulating all of the studies is oh by the way, it's a tape today. They're done at 10. This is about 20 past nine this morning. I find out that oh they're done at 10 o'clock because it's a stupid ass best of tape. Well, so what happened to our solution for the problem? That's not and solved it till magnificently that we started 11 o'clock. And all the other people, we didn't know we do a little 4 play before that to fill that void in there. But everybody officially who's not all there other shows, the Joe Rose and the God. So whatever that was to do, making come over here 11 be sure that I could have missed part of the show. We just started 11. Well, guess what? Is that going to work today? I guess it might work today, but I have no idea what you're going to do between now and 11 o'clock. I started to play the sounds of silence over and over again. Yeah, that might work sure. Is it big hit? I still think that that immediately arose my work show 11 o'clock. Probably get about 20 sure. Don't you think? We have to hold on to somebody. We're sure. Mostly mine. So I guess that we have to post-moll and all the other stuff because I've got a story here that is just, I don't know, I'm referring to an older Max 11 o'clock. Wait, you could always do it twice. Now, I'm doing twice. I'll kind of crap this death. The audience sounds weird. I'm not going to hear it twice. If it was good enough for a dairy, are you not in the dead? That has to be all the root and crude and insensitive things that you've ever done in board. That's your text. Oh, I know what I'm going to tell you before anything else. And that's just to about my in our full agent and lawyer, by the Bose-O, whatever. And the in our full pizza burger sucking down pizza crap. What a jerk. Oh, it shouldn't be funny, buddy. But it is. It's funny in a pathetic way. My lawyer and in my agent, I use that term very loosely. Yeah, that's where an agent is, my mother would say. Calls me about 10 after 2 yesterday after the show to give me a song at an answer about, well, I talked to this while I was, yeah, he's putting his tentacles and testicles after for these satellite radio people, which when we get to this story, it's going to blow all of that out of the water anyway. Because it looks like that whole whole business about satellite radio and how certain people think they're going to be in the van. It's because subvert the dictates of the FCC and all the chilling effect on free speeds and entertain the audience. Well, guess what? I didn't think it was going to take too long, but before you even realized it already, the wheels are grinding to bring that to a real fast halt. But we'll get to that eventually. But anyway, so here's, and I wanted to pass along a little of my own input there since it is my livelihood we're talking about. And so I said to my pizza burger sweltering agent, I said, well, you know, something I figured, remember what was something about stirring and about serious. And I hear, at this point, you know, when you're talking to somebody, you realize even if it's over the phone, you realize they're not listening to you. Right? Yeah, you like you. Like right now. And in any way, all of a sudden I hear realizing full well that whatever I'm saying is not being heard because here's this cell phone, you can hear, you know, that sound like the cell phone's being held against somebody's ass. And all of a sudden I hear, ah, two pizza burgers and two medium cooks. I need to could you decipher that? Where do they sell pizza burgers? I don't know. But normally that's. Of course, I wonder what Twinkie was going to be even the other one. I'll like I told you before to show probably both pizza burgers and both cooks were for a miscant. You know, he's a growing boy. A growing boy? Yeah, growing. Shmuck. So there's what I'm dealing with. That's what I have to continue with a total absolute spastic waste of my time, which is why we're sitting here now at the 12th of a second ten and we're like doing the limbo rock. Do you know what I mean? We have no idea whether we're like fish or foul or what else going on. I think foul. Because this just pain don't work when it's one of these 10 o'clock days. And it really isn't so much the timing, but you have to have a little consistency. You can't say, well, guess what? To show starts at 11, where I'm 11 or two. And on the basement, how I don't feel like showing up and they play a tape. Well, ah, I don't know from 10 to 11. Because you're idea of like doing the same stuff twice. That's the least me a little limp if you catch my drift. Doing it twice? That's good. It is that good. All right. All I'll ramble on on this one. It's not a good place. Because obviously, we don't have a psychic audience so they don't know that. See this whole deal of starting at these different times. This doesn't work. Okay? That's one thing beyond the shadow of a doubt. I'm going to say right now with all different stister and already buddy else. And it just doesn't work. It's unprecedented. Let me say again, it's unprecedented. It hits me the broadcasting industry. But again, keep in mind a music show is not really a show. They're making different when I start. It's all the same stuff you heard a minute of times. Plus what we're saying too. But regardless, music show can start anytime. A talk show doesn't start at staggered times. Surprise. Yeah, surprise. I'm Greg, Greg, we're the reads world. It does. And is whatever suits his purpose in a given day just like right in the whole bunch of conflicting contracts that overlap with each other. I still say it's not a bad idea. Let's just do 10 to two. And whatever they decide to open the pot, just like doing that awful of pest conference. They had the other with Mr. H. Absin, they had one stick his fire but pretended to be on press conference. Yeah, let's shut the pot off. When they want to open up the pot, then you'll hear the show. Right? Maybe that's the way to solve it. First, then nobody will hear the beginning of the show. Nobody have any idea what's going on. Kind of like back to the nine o'clock face. This man has taken this show and just virtually did everything he touches, man. He just continues convoluting and twisting and yanking and just destroying everything like a gigantic out of control he lamonstr. Like a lunatic and we were doing this fine. Everything was a okay. Oh, we're fine. Spring book was your longest number is breaking into money. Everything was great. But no, just can't it's non-stop diddling if you were him. Can't stop diddling with this show, especially. I mean the other ones in the morning show, he's already broken into a million pieces. He's never going to put it back together again. I guess you thought like you're just running around like a proud peacock. Let's see what's stirred on here. I got how it's stirred. I got it back out of my neck. I've started even though of course it's like sliced up like a piece of Swiss cheese and so watered down and diluted and bleaked out that nobody can even figure out what's on half of the time. That's part of it. But the big problem of course is the fact that's true now is everybody knows is going to get serious. He's going to satellite radio in 13 months or less or less. And more and more like the article I read the other day says it looks more more like less. Remember less? Right, that's that's it? No less brown in the base of the night. That's that or busy going down. I think that's what we're doing. We're going down. Yeah because I got this letter at the end of the show from chronic reg and curl springs which I hate to update you a little bit. While down we've just passed. I can read it again later 11 o'clock, right? Right. In fact we'll do it. What we'll do is we'll do the same hour or four times. We just want to say that for anybody who missed it the first time. That's how that's going to be. It's going to be dynamic. You'll see. That's what they never did. That's what they never did. So they started saying you haven't forgotten to be. They'll know how to name it and inform them when we were never on at this time. I mean wouldn't it have been nice for somebody to tell us while Steerings going to be on tape on Friday? You guys are going to start in a 10 huh? But difference would have been made. Oh, it does make a difference. I mean you know as well as I do you have to have a little psychological preparation age. WQA I'm hello. I'm a gentleman. All right, Pally. You know when he's on tape that automatically. Who's he? How are you? You automatically want? It automatically will end at 10. It does. Right. They got to put their robins not to win the news because you can't play yesterday your last week's news again so it cuts out a whole chunk of the show. Because that's how it's always been. I mean ever since I've been listening to Howard and when he's on tape it automatically hits a 10. Yeah. Normal commercial breaks. You know it's just normal. Right. Second it's whatever it is. That's what it is. Well this doesn't work for me. Not that will really. I mean unless they put you on a 10 every day. Yeah. See that that's what the Real Roger show was. It was on a 10 and now all of a sudden we're supposed to start when everything held us on the show ends. And again, so I'm not going to do a stern. I don't have any bug up my ass about stern but it's just the idea that we've got management to business and understand how it's show works. So this is not the way radio works. Well sometimes you use to start a 10. You also started a 9. Well the get mine we have a 9. That also helped to set the show back to 10 years. That was another one. Last week you started a 10.30 there were a couple of days started like 10.40. Well that's only since soon has been on right. Right. I remember one time we started like 10.58. Yeah. Yeah. 10.20. 10.47.30. Maybe we can. That was a birthday. That was a good show. Maybe it's in 10.47.30. I marked that one down. I'm going to have a gambling where we get like an over under what time you're going to be. Any cake and handle the over's numbers on it. I like it. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. All right. Good. Monday off take over 10.15. Okay. Okay. You got a man. And it's good. You can have an office pool. What time does the old park come on? How much time does stern finally bail out? We've built every day. See if they want to told us ahead of time if we didn't know. I like on a real radio station. I love probably they won't tell us. But if we didn't know who is going to be off today was going to be a take we could have said to the audience yesterday. Oh, well, we started a 10. Okay. So everybody tuned in 10 and we can like really start the show. So I'm saying right. It's really hard to show. We can't have any continuity to your show. When nobody knows what time the show starts. Greg, that's not the way radio works. Greg, I realize you're not a radio person. You just are walking basketball in case and a bundle of ego. But that's not the way it works in the world of radio. Greg. And by the way, you made an illegal deal with the stern people. Greg, because this is a four-hour show that's on from 10 to two. And we can joke and suck around all we mind about. That's how much fun to work a lot last. And have only three hours or a while. Well, you know, to try to let convince yourself that you're enjoying doing it and having a good time. But the fact that it matters, it doesn't work. It doesn't work boys and girls. And yeah, if I'm not sound like I'm going to like spew it all out today, you're absolutely correct. Today is the day I'm spew it about. I got an agent that's busy ordering pizza burgers while calling me about urgent business on a phone. And absolute, in basil man, a silly person. If a woman spent more time taking care of his important clients, is he better about the fantasy baseball and playing with the goofy wacko, is there, you know, since we're going to show us on the same stage that I've done to do with me. If he spent that much time and we actually get something done, maybe somebody would actually have heard his show. You know, it's just like this thing on the election. Remember, Sturm was going on with that whole ego thing about how he was going to get carry elected and he was going to get pushed out there. Did it work? No, don't I don't think that happened. Somewhere along the line. I missed a result of that election. Yeah, what have been nice to be able to talk in a somebody? We would, you know, would have to spurging our own fine audience. Like the ones we had called yesterday, Reverend Drone's 85 times in the little Julio circle jerk crowd. But other than that. Right. Yeah, and though, yeah, for that run. Now that's what we had yesterday. Quick, a little holiday. See, I think we should make up for yesterday by just taking off today. Yesterday was a holiday. We should end up with all the respect to our veterans, right? That's a good day. It's disrespectful to the veterans that we had to work yesterday and a holiday. So we ought to take today off. See, a... Just a quick quick quick quick. Yeah, that's it. That's what I'm thinking. How about Barbie Jones? What is that, Sonicace? Okay. That will drag you far down there. You did, buddy. Yeah, he's... Huh? Look at that. I just do like that thing. What? It's a great table. Look at that. Look how fun it is a great thing. Let's do a TV thing. What are you going to do that for now that I started with? Anyway, here's let's do the break. We'll do it break. We got a couple of big breaks this hour. Can actually get our own breaks and own commercials in the show. There's some, this whole thing is the biggest mess. You know what's like, it's like falling into a gigantic tank of diarrhea. That's what this whole thing engineered by Red Reedigan is like this whole thing. Like falling into a big big tank of smelly nasty as if there's any other kind diarrhea. Elephant diarrhea, not the human. And then that's what it's like. And when we're like trying to keep our head above water and you know, keep our chin up so this is... Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, buddy. That's what you're offering said, man. Just trying to try to play a mean chin ball as well. I'm here anyway. Buddy dive last year. Buddy F's and died last year. Well, honor a buddy F's and... The Barnaby girl is always gets his name. Bill Ross from Channel 6 and Bill Ross. Great coming. From us and homeowner channels and all of homeowner. As Mr. Baldwin she's still a... Please look what can lock the up. Yeah, yeah. These were the lock-up these days. I say what you never has a wish-row ahead of everything. That was door to him. Yeah, that's kind of a good one. Hey Gemini dial, Gemini dial. I wasn't a leader. I wasn't the one with Mr. Murphy. She was the secretary. He's a piece. I don't know. I never watched the time to see. Get out of here. Totally. Here we go. Big, big and big. Big signing. It's been a success. Oh man. That is just a leaves leaf. Right house. Yeah. For at least a... Malty. Paper towel. How's Bounty? Rosie? She's dead too, damn it. Yeah. For Rosie. She said a bunch of things. She's probably mopping up what's left of Irrified. You know, it is the quicker for her upper. 22 past 10 if I'm 60 WQA and we're just all screwed up here. Man, like Elvis was all sure couple of screwed up. Starting at a 10 o'clock, a 10 o'clock, a 10 o'clock, a 10 o'clock, whatever it had was. I think 10 o'clock, a 45, that's always a good sign. The fact that I was great before. It was sensational. God if we just said about 5 million like him. But like I was starting to say before, it said talking of the same bosos every day. When it had been great, you know, if I would have had a real agent, we had down a real radio station, been talking to like 100 different markets. Because it turns out that 46 different markets, but you didn't get bush defeated. See, there's something wrong with it. You failed how he failed. And you could bring on all the bull bites you wanted, all the boobs, and all of that. But you failed in your main mission, man. And when I get to that story about what's going on with satellite radio, people are going to say, oh, oh, oh, man, I'm in it. I'm so fast. Yeah. I had no idea. I just found that by accident. I just was checking out FMQB, which you can look up for yourself if you want to give this survey before I get around the reading it. And you'll see, oh, my goodness. Didn't take them too much time before I butch your volumetics. They're starting to try to win for, and it's just a matter of time. You saw that, so those ABC stations, wouldn't carry saving private line last night, including the sin care group again, of course. Those right way. And pretty soon you'll have nothing, but you know, Pat Robertson and Jerry Falball and Pat and Jerry Jane Clatchon here, 24-7. P-T-L baby. That's right. And of course, Fox News. Don't forget about them. Fox, where the stands for Fashism. 23, past 10 at 5.60, WDC, and we apologize for these spastic nature of this hour, but it's kind of like, we're in limbo, man. We're doing the limbo rock with a without chubby checker. But then again, there's always, there's always barnavizones, gets his man. I've got you on the only one who remembers Bill Ross from Channel 7. You used to be, he used to be one of the weather guys, it was also the booth announcer. So he did all those promos for all those corny shows, they've secured you for the, I became the Fox affiliate. And also there was Dick Fennel on Channel 4, which is now Channel 6. Remember Dick Fennel? Nope. Yeah, he was one of the weather guys. I didn't watch news with all the folks. Yeah, out in here. He was also did all the voiceovers on Channel 4, which is now Channel 6. Back in the mouth right next days. It was Bob Weaver in Dick Fennel. And then it was in Prosmery, remember Jim Prosmer? I did butter with him. I could he shows mostly, you've got to turn it. That's because I was a kid. Yeah, so remember um, it's engraved on the creature features. No, but wait, Jammer. That's one. What's asking is Wayne Ferris or Wayne Chandler still lie? I think Wayne Chandler's dead. I like Wayne Chandler. He was also weather guy once and I guess it would be good guy. I tried to do us. I think I met Wayne Chandler once. He was a pretty good guy. It's probably why he's dead. The good people in the are the dead people and the bastards they were forever. Like for extensions. 10 25 at 5 60 W Q A M happy Friday to a happy day after Veterans Day. A lot of dead that people over there in the Middle East. You know, now's the time to save like never before at Armstrong. Four to homes dead because our good piezons of a dare got to care about all those remaining O4s to make room for the 2005s. And as a result of this, you're going to save even more than usual on all remaining O4s and stuck ready for a medical brief not sooner. And all the O5s are in and ready to roll out too. Plus we're a little bit of time. It's yourself 0% financing on any of the following explorers, it's staifs, focuses, toruses, and mustangs. Certain restrictions apply. The lots of Armstrong for the homestead are jammed like crazy with more of those O5s arriving every day. Their cut and prices even more to save you more cash. And Armstrong for continues to offer us all customers more value than anybody else because when you buy your for there, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program that is absolutely correct, tires and batteries for life. So if you've been wanting a new car, but putting it off wait not another day, David Richardson is staff at Armstrong for the homestead. We'll guarantee you the best price. And don't forget, Armstrong for the homestead locally, or the operator, they want you to be a customer for life so that'll treat you like family. And they will give you the best deal of time. I guarantee how better Greg's life on it. You will get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. No bait and switch to no phony deals. All of this going on right now at Armstrong Ford of Homestead, and you'll find the right time to hold her she highway. There were 307 25, South Thicks, you highway, just 20 minutes south of the A36. Check them on the wicked web, Armstrong cars about common and travel a little bit, save tons of them at New Ford only at Armstrong Ford of Homestead. You call this big market radio? And now another page from the Fio diario of Martha Stewart. You may recall in my last entry I would submit in spending life as in my new surroundings. Well, all that has changed. I'm starting to feel more comfortable with each miserable day that passes, and so I can be my nasty power how we sell. The warning in I have reached an understanding. I do as I please, and I let her pretend to be in charge. You may be hearing some disturbing news about some apples that I picked illegally. I have since explained to the man as to about the credence who controlled the ground rules do not apply to me. If I want to bake a pie after fighting off the unwanted sexual events with the overweight mouth-breathings of a brand-new A-fan, that's exactly what I'm going to do. I've taught myself how to adapt and overcome. By taxi up today I had an altercation with a big misplow-puzzling of women's shower. Before my arrival, she was the big man. We came to a mutual understanding. After I ordered two week-minded drones to blacken her eyes with my soap on a rope. That's all for now. I must go to the hotel in Hollywood. You made an awful misconception about my travel challenge. I never realized how much pain a sport could bring to another human being. It was truth. I never even heard of a sport. Back to my dream. It looks like a spoon that has the promise of a sport and is the perfect instrument of the human being to answer. You know? The 1031 is 5.60WQAM. So I have another email from Norma Kent who's on a way to get more pizza burgers. What's the best one in the area? This is a go-away norm. I'll go away, man. Just go away into a continue-playing fantasy baseball with your fantasy life and be a fantasy agent which is exactly what you are. Don't be told me about any more steel offers from Greg Weed about working in the three days of week in the summer time and working for hours. See, I do work for hours. 10 to 2. But when you chop off most of the 10 o'clock hour and somebody's like, hey, it's the day all of it and a little bit of the 11 o'clock hour, that's not my day when that's your day when you enter into a legal agreement, Greg. And if I had a real attorney to probably already sued your dumb ass. But anyway, let's see Jim Sarny, right? I'm trying to find stuff here because I don't want to like a blow the whole thing on that satellite radio story. Right. Big story. Huh? Right. Don't you agree to a major device story and not a good development either? But that's what we didn't see coming. There's a high-side cover. The benefit would take place this fast. But I guess it's kind of like a pre-entry shot across the bow. Is those, uh, we need all of them not to like to say. Let's fire our shot across the bow. Yeah. Only crazy people say things like that. So Jim Sarny speaking of crazy people, right? Sweet little need to read this again later. We would all be respectful of our friend Hank. It says, Hank Goldberg is having a great week. Nice going, Humber. Sports, oh, okay, isn't it? Sports illustrated named Hank Blood of Nations top 12 sports talk personalities a few days ago and then Goldberg broke today once that resignation Monday night, calling the news and at Kapplenon here, causing a tidal wave of media frenzy as news papers and TV stations scrambled confirm the story. In the aftermath Goldberg shows a must listener we have to know as the dolphins future plays out. Oh, oh, man. What a nice suck job, sir. Wow. Yeah, I think they'll tell what station they're going to be on at the end of the year, though. Doesn't know. How much to miss that? Because with the big headline here, which we appreciate very much for our good friend, the Humper. I don't see anything about what's going on with Hank's contract or he's going to get suspended again for being a little bit too good and getting too much free publicity and it wasn't even very jackass is calling. You see, the fact that Sarny wrote that and not very jackass, that tells you right there, that didn't come from upper level management. See what I mean? Right. If it would have been in very jackass, then you know somebody would have fated to him. Another was to try to suck around like that promo that we're running on here. But Hank Goldberg writes the story to us. Well, of course he does. He's done it all the time. He's been doing it for 100 years. But what he writes in a story, they don't like the name. It's been in for six weeks. Very sad what's going on. Of course nobody in the markets and throw all out of touch. I mean, Chicka actually wrote that story spontaneously here a couple of weeks ago, was he ever spoke to me or anybody that I know? But he just, I guess he just kind of picked it up up the blue so to speak. How the blue states? They're there. Yeah. It's about this. Because this isn't working. It just is not, does not work for me. It doesn't work for George. It's just work for George. You know, Karrick was long as he gets paid for bucks an hour. 350. Whatever it is. Right. 375. 375. He just put care. But we care because it creates a real problem for us and for our fine audience out there, which is why now Greg Reid has reduced our audience to Reverend Jones, his boyfriend, crazy, a pro-sacwan and the little circle Jerkulio's out there who busy writing 40 letters, Sonny Peel and he's named it. And that's basically all we got. Now, because he keeps the anchor, the audience about jerking him around and jerking him around one day. It's this and one day. It said, they haven't got any without a scorecard and pencil with a bigger race around if they don't know what's going on. Like even when the host doesn't even know what time you show us to start us. Like when I sit down here this morning, you tell me, oh, how are you going to take for a 10 o'clock today? And I'm thinking, are you going to be kidding me? Based on what? We thought we had this thing down to a science now. I'm not even going to take a few more calls here before we get to this big satellite radio story. Which could die? This is a thing here. Even though people say, well, that's only just one or, you know, well, you'll see. Because with the current censoring fascist climate in America today, with the kind of fascist we have on the FCC, and he would do members will continue to have believe you me with liquid's of podium. You can be danger. Any chance they get to censor anything you want to read, watch, listen to, they'll jump on it, they'll squeeze it, they'll cover it, they'll love it. Any chance they get? Because that's New America now, man, where the F stands for fascism as an F you. WCWM, hello. Hey, you have this, Mr. Yes, sir. I'm a heart court fan. I listen to you, whatever kind of command you come on, 140, 150, 150, 150. Not your number, man. Now you're talking my language. I won't. I won't. Yeah. I won't. Yeah, okay. You're an idiot. WQM, hello. Oh, this must be the cover we're waiting for. Right. Let me see if. I'll have two pizza burgers and two medium cooks. Let's see if this piece of curiosity, if you want to see what was on your hands a little bit. So we obviously hooked us up. Which is always good. Yeah, always good, getting hooked up. The learner home. Yeah. Now, Ms. Kamala and answer and she's occupied at the moment. Okukato. She's an occupant. Welcome. WQM, hello. Hey, what's going on? Yes, sir. Hey, when Taylor is not that, he's so chicken and alive and all. Thank God, this news has heard exactly set down here. Love you, Neil. Where is where is Wayne Chandler? He's living in Hollywood, actually. Right off the line. And how are you? Are you worried though? How are we with another dog? Love you Wayne. Love you. Thanks for the good news, huh? See, he's a good guy. I don't know when Chandler. He was good on the air and he did the kitty show for a millionaire. Yes, he did, which I like to say. Hey, for up to Chuck, he's still alive. He's doing the number of years. He's doing Jerry after a video over there with what channels he on. Yeah, FLA, FLO. FLO. What are those Jerry after station? One of the team channels, E5,000 stations. What do you got like, oh, guess who else is on that station? I believe. What's all this for name? What do you used to be on the light bulb? Choice cow? Oh, oh, oh. Oh, she's so, it's you. It's you. It's you. How can I remember that, Dave? Come on, get with it, man. She was on with Norma Kent. Never had Mr. Ego and Nick Lawrence. Oh, yeah. And who's that other little Twinkie that Chris Lengness out with, uh, with Mr. Ego? What's his name? Craig. Is it his name? The guy that Norma, The box about? Yeah. 567. 560. See, I forgot all about him. I do know he used to look pretty good once about a time. He started speaking, you know? Sometimes you see people that look pretty good. Hi, how are you? And when he started, I got a Brian Craig. Is that his name? Oh, that's his name, Brian Craig. I remember her. Hey, I am. It. Wow. And then of course, he said, big fact, uh, Jew attorney there, Richard Essin, who's always seeing an S. And then, mergotian, S. And which of course means we're going to go eat. He's just a huge ton of cover crap. Another one of those right wing Jews. Yeah, there's a lot of us. And what about the Gency James? Let's get the Gency James show back on. Who's the guy that died? He used to do the show without the teeth of dog racing show. Well, it has to be on and the minister. And mobile used to be on or two. I think before. That was his name. Yeah, he did some shows. Don't you remember Larry King, uh, raise him up and get him back on here on cable? No. What the hell was his name? No, he, he actually used to do the show from a flag or a biscuit. And Ken Maldon would know. Can't we go to the teeth? He's the only guy ever seen on a piece of he's the gunner show. And the third race to forego of the, you know, what the hell was his name? Well, I'm going to tell you. You talk about a very strange marketplace. There was always Mickey to great day. Right? Right? He's still alive. How those pantheas do them by the way? Anybody seen any good hockey this season? Oh! As a matter of fact, now that you mentioned that now, that maybe one of the services I can do. I don't have any NHL. We've got the central hockey league there on least TV, which was your on desk, but they are all like this. The shirt, of course, is taking over from the rise of levels. 2000 for a playoff. So I see no peace team all on the base. He's still a table. Good numbers. How to really began to square with his voice. I'm sorry, I went to Hartford. Yeah. Carolina's with that franchise group. And now I'm doing it. I need a wire. Play it up as it's in minutes. You know, I don't want to get this. Oh, it's a really nice piece. Oh, it's a nice piece. He's being played. We'll say about play voice. I know who my wife. Or we'll always put on some racing from woodbind with a good some horse racing from last night. You want to get some of that on there? All right. In fact, it's not a lot of the first moments of the first race. And I continue to win right now last night's first race. And by the way, in front of the way, I'm happy you won't ever, or I'll race you the night, but I would like that $30 horse. He, after he, in probably won't respond to me anymore, you know? I go find an NFC give me two stiff horses earlier, and I'll be your new week. I don't bet out there anyway in a horse's. Oh, can't busy playing the slots like an old fag. And it was a Gregory Wright's this fast, which will get to write us the top of the R1 of T's is a little bit about the serious and about satellite radio. And then there's this amazing story. Should all radio be created equal, about the fact that I already be, orders Randy Wapels is, is Randy going to win the first race, and he won the second race last night. W2AM, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to talk to the other. Speaking, sir, this is he. Yes, I am. You're on. I'm on. We're all on something. The crank. That was right. Can you hear a fat, the fourth? Your fat still buying. He's dying, oh, there's what I'm hearing you. Yeah, so they heard it. He heard it. Wait and for him to officially die, they just stuck his ass in the ground. They got tired of him. Well, the shooting guns up the air. Well, that's because they're going to go in the high, Alia. Exactly. Exactly. Don't be understair the force to come down. Yeah. What goes up must come down. It's right. Exactly. Anyway, it's crazy. Yeah, well. Ha ha ha. I'm glad you discovered that there's crazy people in the least. Thanks for the bulletin, Bally. That's good. There's crazy people. Like that in the least. That's why the female have little Parkinson's or anything. A refer to just he. He was had those trembling lips. I'll crazy people. Look at like that. Like the pelvis and on the one. Yeah. Oh, here comes the first race. The great Franks believe. Well, I think it's a little choked up during the call. This may not be the race, but he started like Luzia last night. I think he'll jump. He jumps forward. Dresses. He's the best. We had a nice rank. It's first rank. It's both tough. And would buy him. Where if you go inside, they got all these slot machines. All these ladies and fives, plan them. Under a recall, though. Up. As the field's falling into the stretch, the order was set. And the recall lights were deep. Well, we don't have time to wait for that, Frank. Okay. So anyway, let's just take a few more calls. I feel like a lost child, you know? Sometimes I feel like life is passing me by. Where's Bill Calderbund when we need to be? We're in limbo, baby. Doing a limbo rock. Sometimes I feel myself. And there are no hidden Alias in the sky, but the people are not that much. They even bring them to theiriu. They pay your book a lot ofョ. And they're going to say, I'm going to be doing certain Monday, right? Why? Why? Well, we got this whole new, loose day rest day thing. Obviously, the rest day is one. And let's become part of the rest day. It's all right. We'll be liked a lot better that way. All right. I got Kenny Rogers greatest hits in the top. And we're going to start talking some NASCAR crap and get reports from our good friend Joe Costello once in a while when he do mischaddle-like thing. NASCAR, baby, that's where it's at. They'll Walter, we'll have him on once in a great while to congratulate and then the Gordon-John Cock from Heatings Michigan. Yeah, tick trickle. Yeah, we'll get him on there too. See this George man, you just know what to drink hate for like for us. You are just an accident waiting to happen. A lot of other good recordings, you don't wait. Forget about sports, okay? Sports is in our past. Sports is in the ancient district memory. We need to get country now. We need to get healed, we need to get a trailer trashy. That's what we need to get. Traitor is trying to create you. Ascent, now you're talking. Take that baby up. Yeah, I agree. I'm trying to offer you a next thing. Just a little weather in the face. You're really nice and cool. Like, keep on me. I'll be with Drunk and I'll be with you. Like my Disney for example. Go to your way, I'm hello. How are you doing now? All right, Tally. Thanks for a vlog. I'm going to get the roll, Jack. Okay, right. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, me, please. Speaking. Yeah, I want you all in the morning. You deserve a great freaking job man. Great. We'll keep your George like poison. It doesn't even line him on to in three days a week in the summertime. Even if we kick sass in the summer every year, you're prepared. You don't get it. I know that. He does a fine job. But the problem is that Greg doesn't like him because he's too good. Because he wants suck, Greg's. That's the main reason, of course. And of course, he's too alive. So that's the way. As I say, let's put Maddie Ballon Gary Sarner on in the morning. He sounds like a wonder to me. How does he do? See, he's a pretty ballon Gary Sarner on in the morning. He sounds like a wonder to me. How did for that? Seema Muck there was Ron Hershey Highway. Get him on again with those great drop-ins used in all those great comedy bits. He knew him. Fresh new comedy. Yeah, first new comedy from Ron Hershey Highway, who's sunny Fox Hates like poison by the way. Nice choice, son of your way. What a one. And you know it. It's just reminded me. Here's another thing that we can't play anymore. Just don't. Hi, this is Sunny Fox. I was in the garage. I just could like it. He can't. No, he can't. No, he can't. He can't. He can't. He can't. He can't. He can't. He can't. He says it's so fast. Well, that's it. That goes to show you how we've become censored and tattered and tattered and that we're done. A whole radio business. Not just commercial radio the way you know. You just wait another few minutes to love in a clock, but I give it that story. Once we get all the other business out of the way to beat you curtain in the pole and this pole in that pole and the pole position with Gordon John cock and all that of this stuff. And don't forget Jeff Gordon, a lot of Gordon's in there, you know. All our Canada now is column Gordon. It's enough to drive you off your gourd. Well, what is that? I don't know anybody in America is called gourd. Do you? No. Gordon. You know. But here it's gourd. In fact, even, but a lens to one arm's venous to my old guy. In fact, he's still, I think to an a P.A. and Detroit at Joe Lewis Arena. The hockey games, but he used to be one of the play by play guys for the red wings of a year ago and he's to call Gourd how and I thought what is that? Gourd how? Nobody else uses you. That's what I'm holding. That's what I'm holding. The great great even you know Gourdy how, right? Who? Yeah. Number nine. Who's number six? Oh, actually a little bullet length of last night. Still good? No. Oh. Well, maybe the first disc isn't all that good. I don't want to get blind. I said because the intentions were great. I enjoyed the prisoner a lot more. I'm not saying that because you're asked because when he's at it. But, uh, no, it was, I don't know. Maybe it was just in, in his own time. It was great. But it was just, it was disappointing. It was some of the early ones I guess. Maybe they just weren't all in funny. Do you know that William Conrad did some of the voices on there? No, I did not. He was the announcer on there. Bill Conrad. How do you like that? And Edward Everhorton on a fractured funeral. I remember him. That wasn't too bad. The Rapunzel one. That was very total great. That was what favorite thing about the, uh, bold intro. That was Edward Everhorton who was just a legendary. That's what he was saying. Can the red Ferris vote improving? What is this? Oh, it's the old story. It was an old story from 1984. Some of them. And then see this, why get them confused? I guess I've ever just heard from how many years ago. 20. But 20. No, 20. Uh, from the Harold No less. So I might have been true, but I don't it. Veterans television personalities, Wayne Chandler and Wayne Ferris. Both hospitalized December 8th is 84. In critical condition, our improving system, Boyer, channel 7 of the Summit Editor, Chandler WSB and weekend weatherman. He had told me either the weather owner in a weekend and not Wayne Chandler. Right? Well, seriously injured in a head-on crash, taking north-ymie general hospital. Where he's now listening to Sirius O'Fever Commission. And the good news is, he sticks to up five different places and he's still alive in Hollywood, no less. Well, as close to, as close as it is to be possible living in Hollywood. Sirius, who left Chandler 7 in January to retire later, enjoyed Bonita Springs radio station WEV, U1026 has vice and then the story ends right there. So he also went to some kind of a benign on the way in Ferris still alive. Although a headline here says Chandler and Ferris both improving now, it was 20 years ago, but if they got the luck of a yes or error for it, they could see another 56 years. I don't know Wayne Ferris left me kind of limp. He was okay. But Phil Ross, how about you he's dead? He was a big factor. And in fact, guys, you know what happens to them later? Do you remember Bill Ross? I bet to somebody members, big-fat Bill Ross. See, everybody's always like a weekend weather guy or like a backup weather guy. I know that's been in town a long time. I'm a big-final in Channel 4. I kind of like a turpee voice like Tommy in production. He kind of talked like this. Kind of like guilty. But I like the example. He was good. Kind of felt comfortable with that old channel for crowd. You know, weaver and Raven Ralph Redneck. Never tell you the sound of a cold Ralph Redneck after one of his shows. He didn't have to throw a wrong thing. He used to do a head of turquoise and made a good news for yours. He was very fond of his talk like they was on like a 45-RPM record at about 37. I keep it off speed a little bit. But anyway, I called him up. It was an intro I hated about, I don't know, something about those damn tubans or something like that. And I actually called a newsroom with Channel 4 and I got him on the phone because he listened to me. I guess I was on W.S. Newsback in those days when I was really popular with the old crowd. Now they hate me like poison all the old farts and now I'm on a van. So, to bed. I love most of the old farts of those days. They're pushing up the easy. What is shame? My audience. And I congratulate him. I said great job. And he was very proficient. He was very nice, very friendly. Of course he was so worth the time. Now I see I shouldn't say that. There are people who have been known like you mentioned our friend when he read before. He worked for a busy broadcasting. So, a mic-play. He asked broadcasting. So as we said, he used to have that little fly-skinned spot in the pocket. We all coped it all the way. That is correct. And I like when he read. He was a good developer. He was misunderstood. A lot of people thought he was like, I don't know, kind of like bizarre or like, and how to describe it. He was unusual. But then again, we all. I'm just business. Yep. But he was a good guy. And he would call the time called him a couple of times. I'm a show on a station. Sure. Back at the good old day before Greg started destroying our lives. Tell me a QA in, hello. Hi, I'm a pillow. Yes, sir. Neil, how you doing? I'm doing great, man. It's not a shining. It's like, you know what the temperature is right now? Not judge man. Exactly what it's going to be 40 today. What's not to like man? It's nice and crisp. That's beautiful. This is like a bud is really flowing in your vein. Absolutely. Nothing like it in the whole world. You are the sun. You are the sun. No, I'm a corporate. I'm a corporate. It's time to steal a week's law. I wanted to be put on a whole site. Listen to the show. Oh. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha. Sure why not? I put that right guy in hold. Stronger than a corporate time. And I steal in the mad bars. I love the mad dog with it's the one thing that he says. I don't know. Drives me up the wall. Oh, now what's the deal on here? Because it still says in my schedule. Jim Analytics and Publix today. What's the deal on it? We have no reason to doubt that. But a public's where there's 85,000 Publix. A total of a South Florida, huh? You got two hours to find the right way. Yeah. I'm telling you man, that clearance in muff there is useless as a, as gigantic breast on a ballpoint pen or useless. Christ on mighty. See, I'm mad at it. Publix my ass. Now, see, I'm going to be in a produce department. Maybe he'll be in the immediate department. I'm going to be hanging out near the fresh fruit. I don't know. But anyway, man, uh, mad dog at two at publicsets is here. Hank and all in any cave, calmer. That's four. Plum's in a guts out. That'll be good. I had the two in the first race in the one line in the, uh, three missed the start. Through a more racing to me as about as exciting as a porridge. Orlando, I'll secure it. The big seven because we got nobody else to put on her and Eddie K. and his own show attendities working double duty day. I hope he doesn't plunge too bad at calling her to sack noon. And of course, once we get those slots in there and call her in the other tracks, then the person is going to go way up in a quality racing. We'll go way up and everything will be just, uh, it'll be really a positive thing. A win-win situation. We'll get that money for education. It's going to be a beautiful thing. Isn't that great? See, I feel like we actually comfortable with something there. It reminds me the last time we got anything done, because when we beat that, um, remember they wanted to put that, uh, transportation tax and date county and you can, they've slater got that did puffed up ego and stare run for office a million times and all that, but we did some good stuff back then. So once in a very while, we have confidence a little bit something. But I'm really pissed off that Howard Steward didn't get, uh, George Bushby, which you get promising as you know. If Howard is a little more concerned about getting the job done in his own ego, I think the world would be a better place in which to live. I could be wrong about that. WQA and hello. Hello Neil? Yes. Okay, same thing. Okay, same thing. Hello. WQA and hello. Hey, I'm calling Dr. Ross and, uh, I'm Wayne's and Wayne's. Okay, I'm listening. Dr. Ross, that's that's the way. Wayne's jamming, although he recovered from his accident, walked with his rear lip and, um, last time I heard he was still alive and Wayne's spares to that place. Wayne's first is then. Well, you're right on the channel 7 leader there. You got to tell you where you're selling it. I was there from 82 to 94. Really, you worked there? Yes, sir. What did you do there? I was an engineer. Oh. Then you listen to all these people. Yeah, give you audio and morning for the news show. I would build and, um, go Ross, and he worked with Denise White. Right. I wanted to see people 7 days. Actually, she showed up at the funeral. Now, who asked was a channel 7 back in those days? Who is doing it with a news school? He's running a narrow, oh my god. He's running. He's left on my herd. He was in, um, and leave web. He's on Christian. He's on, um, packed. Wow. He was a sports guy. Then when he turned to Christ. He failed. Yes, he did. He did. Great. Thanks for the good news, pal. Yes, sir. I could say how you all are good friends. I once were still alive at the channel 7, not to many of them. Well, I've got always not a clonies with cheese, you know. I'll never happen to speak about that. Whatever. A little Brian Andrews. That butterfly. Where the hell did she want? I thought she was going to see somewhere in New York. Remember that? Yeah. You know, air has got a great show. Yeah, huh? Last thing we heard Brian Andrews say to Adam was, Hey, boy. What's that in your mouth? Remember that? And by the way, Adam's still an interest at Brian. Was that Brian that had the hot spot? Adam was at, uh, then, sir. Both? Both of them really. How's the end doing? Oh, we're fine. I think we need to add a Joshua or like to beat the crap out. And believe me, could with one finger with both hand side behind his back. Okay? Like give you a karate chop to make you idiot. That was so bad that day. Why did you bring him in? Who? The end story today. He was trying to drag all the humbers in downtown for a lot or no. What that's not exactly what I call a very good description of where. Like this is your own idea. I mean, there's something like that. Well, I became an entold me and I wrote it down and said to him. Who came into told us? Oh, I'm in. Someone's a hell of a he-know. She's probably hanging around the fresh fruit department. God, it's wrong with you. So I'm mad I was going to be doing it. And then why is that? Well, what is, I mean, I see them as scheduled in the middle of coming in my mind. Is one question. What? Yeah. I think it is right. Our sports age is doing to show it to publics. I mean, when I love publics, they'll give me wrong. I will certainly go to the minion. And it's definitely no wiggments. Boy, do I love wiggments? I'm going to do I'm going to hop on that ferry. I think they stopped running that thing. That's very. You want to go across Lake Ontario, though? They know how kinds of things are going to be open. They started a ferry from Toronto to Rochester. Can you hear that? Can you hear me? I can't even see it. Oh, we got so many. Wow, holy moly. I mean, even I can't quite relate to this. But the first seriously, they had this ship that was running back and forth across the lake. It's not, I guess it's like an hour and a half or something like that. And it would, they had all kinds of problems with it. And then the ship itself had a problem. I don't know whether this thing is still going. And of course part of the problem was a lot of people from Rochester want to come here, but who from Toronto wants to go to Rochester? What are we going to do? They smell the lilacs? Huh? What are you going to do there? With all the respect to the city in which I was born in Strangmowore, El Hospital of Ember 51942. Huh? Do you know I got a birthday card from my rich aunt? No money. No, I'm not sure. I was making a few bucks. She's, that's the same one I was charging my mother rent. Oh, by the way, I sold my mother's place. Aren't you saying about that? What are you told me so? I never went in there again after she died. I mean, I wanted to, but I have these people, but these friends and my think I'm emotional, cripple or something. I'm putting them face me in the respite. But what have been the poor? If they didn't want to see me dance on the carpet or something. I don't want to rifle through her catch me. See if there's anything good in there. They already did that. I don't know what they found. Your dog's collar. I, well, somebody mentioned something about a blood plug. I don't know what they meant. Okay, 10 to 56. We killed this first hour. I stabbed me. It's like we just sat down. You know what? I was a little bit worried when you told me that the bad news about certain being out today and doing a take show. Well, no, this, look, it doesn't work. Okay, it doesn't work for me. In fact, I think I'm going to call up Tom's. You could one of these days very soon. And really, I'm going to unload all the real truths about what's going on here in this radio station because it's a freaking nightmare. And good people are getting abused and used and screwed. And they're always conflicting deals being made. I think pretty soon we're going to have to serve broadcasting in Stereo. I'm serious. I have to have two shows on some of things. Because Greg's got so many contracts with so many different people. And in addition, which is certain keeps threatening. He's going to bail out any day anyway. What's the point, right? What was it all about? Alphi. Let's get Alphi on. He's dead. And as Alphi dead? Who? See that closely. What up punk? You are Alphi. Used to be on WKT. Used to be Mickey Dains. Veer, or whatever they're told. That they're heard Alphi. Don't know Alphi. You know, IRS tax problems have a way of ruining all the aspects of your life. Boy, there's nothing worse than the old IRS. They take a toll on you financially, physically, emotionally. You can never really forget about those IRS problems. Every morning when you wake up at a cold sweat, you're like in a total panic and rightfully so. CPH-E need buck wall, and the buck wall tax firm can help and your IRS problems forever and give you back peace in mind. That's why other top CPH law firms refer their clients to the buck wall tax firm when they have IRS problems. Line out of both potential criminal prosecution. Get all your unfile tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records. Now, maybe you've gotten an IRS lien, or a wage-loving as an Ivan working on the living. Remember that? No. I think that was a Jewish song. Is it a living? Maybe old payroll taxes and penalties. Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than you are just need time to pay. Whatever your IRS deal is, the buck wall tax firm will help you out. The offer of free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees and immediately from IRS harassment. Investible, you'll have to go to those paying the IRS meetings because the buck wall tax firm handles all the meetings and discussions you'll even have to get involved. So whether you owe a thousand, ten thousand, a million bucks in IRS taxes, whatever it is, the buck wall tax firm can help you. Call them today, 954, 575, 2800. That's 954, 575, 2800 for free consultation, or you can visit mynewebandirisfreedom.com and stop waking up at a cold 12 of the IRS hanging over your ass every day. Call them today, there's no obligation to get the lucky off your back. 954, 575, 2800. You're a senior meal, Russian student, a principal in my service to a student, a damn. Why do you ask me? Hold up, I'm robbing you, box, we don't got no civil rights. We are paying the irretar with no way too war inside. We get bullshit, change, file from a post to be a child. We democracy where are you? We believe, or we're TV, and gracefully it just above my seat. But you see, John Kelly, who's too much right, man, with us why you gave me faith? Our economy is in hot, as the Saudis, I close Christ, if you can't afford it, Cherries, then just go ahead and die. Now we have a new war, dry blood, by the means are Jesus Christ. This is democracy where I am. Okay, it's 1103 boys, girls have been just doing enough, we show started 11 today, what did you miss the first hour or what? Oh man, because the stern was untated today because he had the day off for whatever reason. We didn't get the day off, but then again we're not big shots like that, you know? Right, right, right. So we didn't get the day off. So as we saw from 10-0-4 until 11 o'clock we filled, very well by the way, had some tremendous calls. In fact, I would say the cause we had in that hour, I held a lot better than what we had yesterday. See, you didn't remind me yesterday it was a holiday. Sorry, I forgot. So we had with the miserable life where a shot ends yesterday, those are the ones that call over and over and over again. And I will hear from some of the micah today, we already did, no matter fact, your boyfriend Reverend Jones, who will be murdered next time I come back to town, by the way. How did that dress? Oh, you really? What's his name? No, I don't have it on me. Oh, you do have it. Good. We're going to start publicizing him, okay, and if we're going to get him beat to a bloody pulp because he's just so far but it's not. And his boyfriend too. Yesterday's pool, 1940 votes were kind of figure out this blue state red state thing and this pool proved absolutely nothing. Although we've never got 2,000 votes on it. Right? So proving you a lot of votes. 1944, where are you originally from? Blue state, 950, living in breeding people like Rochester, New York where they got the lilac and cobs hill and the 12 corners and mumble away after when they got nothing else. Blue state, 950, red state, 26, whatever happened to Vic and herbs by the way. I could be still here in Fort Lauderdale, remember Vic and herbs originally from Rochester and we had one as a sponsor recently. But I could think of a lot of people whatever happened to, because we got a lot of liars in there like your son and her and Todd Drecina. Red state, 626, Cuba, 110, 110 people who listen to this show lots like a little slice of it percentage wise. It's father and half percent of the audience are originally from Cuba, like you, like me or other land America 109 which covers a lot of territory from Mexico to Guatemala to Panama to Peru to Brazil, Venezuela and Doris. Right? You got that one? Sure. Well, whatever happened to Vic and I was like a side, come on. I just like saying that. And that's what she used to say to just to piss off all of those things and she accomplished that. He's about like a side. Just because I don't want to go. It was a kid Chris X Y for the big ass and a squeak. She's another one. He's to talk spangless baby talk. Luckily, we don't have too much going on anymore. Let's see. What does this say? Visit this site London DailyCon and read the article alert. It's unbelievable. What is it about? It says, yeah, you made note on here. It's a little article written by a guy that tried to fly into the United States from Brazil or something like that. He's a engineering engineer, a businessman and a standing citizen and what happened to him and his accounting of it. Yeah, it's interesting to need up for a drink and a break. Give it a look. See if it's worth it. Okay, I'll put that over there. I'll put it in my pile of during a break. Take a peek of this. Let's see. Other Latin America 109. Europe 74. We got 74 people from Europe. I wonder how many of them smell good. Canada 54 54 Canadians. Okay. And they're 51 and as it's 24. I'm 1953. People have logged in. Here's today's pool before we do the version we do the beat curtain first. See, I'm so strong off by this whole thing this morning starting at 1004. That was crap. That was pure on a cultivated crap as what it was pure on a cultivated crap. Generally, a Nolan is our beat curtain trick today. She was born over 29 which means she's got a birthday coming up. How do you like that? It's your birthday. It's your birthday. Let's play a little bit. Or evenly. What do you say, huh? Generally, Nolan, that makes her 33 coming up on a 29. Give Starbucks gift cards to a wedding guests. And that nice? That's sweet. Anyway, she looks pretty good to me. She looks pretty sweet. She's in Baywatch, Hawaiian wedding, the TV movie. The Flunky. She's a TV series. She's from the Missina Alps. The Underground Comedy movie. Baywatch, right under the Great and Glacier Bay. She was in Baywatch's series. She and we know. I don't remember her. Her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her She's right in 1972. She was like, one year old, but what does that mean? I don't understand that. And I'll hold just tons of stuff, something about there. She's the Sharon Osborn Show. Also, on with Howard's stern, look at that. There you go. Do you really know and take a picture like it? Or if you don't like it, you'll probably think of a page. Okay, here's the deal. If I get everything all here today's pool. Will we bend this one before but I'm such a sour mood to last couple of days, but this radio station and a whole operation where things are going. That, see, I would say it's for the South Florida audience. They have to vent in their frustrated and their angry afternoon election, which is a lot of people are. But we've done this in various forms. Where it is? Oh, here it is. The radio TV or movie celebrity you hate the most and underline hate. Not dislike, but hate. Radio TV or movie celebrity can be anybody. It can be us to convey anybody who want, I don't care. And I didn't have any names on here originally when I made the sound. But I saw on King last night I was channel surfing and I was under for like two seconds. Dr. Phil, I don't know if I could ever paint a little bit. Well, you're such an ass sucker man, you're disgusting, you're gross. So, make a miracle when his lips don't top off. And Bill O'Riley, those are two I put on. Oh, I ordered. I ordered Bill O'Riley. Well, there you go. Dr. Phil and Bill O'Riley. Actually, the audience still have many many more to add. Radio TV movies. No. No? WDQAM Hello. Yes, sir. I'd like to just buy an apple that crap. Okay, Mike. There's my calling from the other side. We could play that. In order of our close crime machinery, who was a good guy, I want to really hear it is. I did a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. It was great. He was a one-in-a-duty, a trillion. WQAM Hello. And you know, they screwed him over there too. Not really. See the good people in this business have used it around long enough, which he did. You want to get the screw of your old. Although, you know what reminds me of? It's like Mr. H with the, the soul wants that deal. The guy has our horrible season. He thinks that you own out everybody despises him. And he signs him for two more years, then cancel him. And then he sees, and after another disaster, anybody blind man could predict it. And the same with the ordinary. They just signed him another year, and then Bob Green calls me in the one morning. I mean, I mean, the trash I'm going to let my cow. We're going to let my cow. And then they put on a great Chuck Meyer news show, what was great, phone interviews. Oh, right. What was it? What was it? See that if it wouldn't have been for me. If I had just supported that show. There are a lot of work, wouldn't it? Yeah, I'm sorry about the fact that it was boring and it sucked. WQAM Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? All right. Yeah, you want to get old? Yep. Rush when ball. All right, good choice. Fale here. Get a lot of old. Nothing rush. Yeah, let's get a lot of names on his polo case over the weekend. You can look on your, ah, yeah, he knows people. I hate everybody. Because after this election, man, after this thing, that's stolen. And you know who let us down was Stern. Howard Stern was going to make sure Kerry got elected. Didn't do it, Howard. It too busy worried about yourself, man. Not about the human race. That's for his saying. WQAM Hello. Yeah, I want for you now. Yes, sir. Gilcomo. Miss Kamala. Okay, Gilcomo. Is this you don't have enough problems? Miss Kamala. Whether for you, Junior. Not in a moment. See, she got all that exposure during the hurricanes. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Speaking. Neil. Yeah. I was going out. Miss Kamala. He's not sitting pressed about. Many of you are still not your answer. Depressed. What is it? I've been listening to you forever, man. Right? Did you go with the bear? I just wanted to know where the about 30 men came from. And if you could play that for me. Well, we do right after the break. Sounds good, man. Thank you. Put your ear to it. Okay. Put your ear to it. Okay. And the radio too. I like these colors today. You know, even crazy Ron sounded like we went through the day. A little bit. Huh? It's like you've got a really perky today. Wait till your blow is rings up. Didn't really work up a little. I can't wait for that day. Let me know what the, I'd like to come down a witness to that myself. Of course, blow on his brains out. We kind of difficult. We wouldn't know where to shoot it. You know, maybe. Back home. Club minutes after 11 at 5, 60 WQA, and all you horse racing and poker players out there, fans. See, if Steve will keep putting this any smaller. I'm going to have to have like the amount count of more telescope to read this thing. This copy. Pomp and a park racing and poker is just a gambling action you're looking for. Located just a half a mouth in both eye and ninety five in the Florida turn five. Pomp and a park is easy. Get 10 a meter where you are investable. Pomp and a park continues to give you free admission. Free general parking everyday. What's not to like? Live harness racing in the poker room is open three nights a week. Now we fry a Wednesday Friday and Saturday like tonight. Poker starts at noon and goes on to midnight and live racing gets underway. It was three nights, seven twenty five p.m. A clean tonight. Every Wednesday Friday and Saturday the poker room features turn an action with special Texas Holden and seven cards. Stud tournaments starting at noon. Don't miss out on one dollar night Wednesdays when Grandpa is so hot. Thousand lots more just to buck a piece starting at six p.m. Compado hard. Hardness is also open every day, seven days a week for a single casting. The best in harness store brought high life from all across North America. We to watch in plunger guts on. I would be surprised that there's still shown replace from woodbind from last night. You know? I bet the wire in the early spread moment. It's like this line up in third. In fact, you've been watching plunger on woodbind too. I believe. Top of the park with that song of casting every day, seven days a week in best of all. The only thirty six thousand minutes left until the first couple. Free spaghetti dinner night. I'm money December six. Right here. And you're saying please. The bet does. The what? You know the bet does. There's a lobby of our building. It was just the uh, yeah. I thought a bank could say um credit you. Pay you me. Was it just wrong? Yeah. Oh, they're probably under the hood and they're in the middle of the spot there. Okay. Top of the park of Black Sea, the 90 bullet rod and parlaine road, called nine five four nine seven two two thousand for the curvacene schedule. Or on the web it's pop at o park dot com. Horace power. You can plunge your guts off. You were listening to Neil. Run your ass. You were listening. On five six. On five six. Five. Five. Five. Five. Four. Fifty. Fifty. Fifty. Seven. Seven. Five.ποper. Car.его. I don't get it. Five. Fifty. Fifty. Eien.ised. Fives of a hobby.닥tina ощущie. Cap rod. He's a Mr. Mowhead, all. Everyone, do you see him? Everyone, Jesus Christ. That's crazy. That's just Bill Waaah! You're right, too, that's just Bill Tries. Jesus, I love your own man. But what would you say? You do have the right to judge him for anything. And you're going to bring him to my mind, too, too. And Bill, the image falls tied by his body screams and falls by his body. He's mothed and dearly human, sure. That can feel precious hanging down. Your freak gets hurt in the ground. Try to handle things like your friend, your bro. That's crazy. That's just Bill Tries. Who would be tired of going that's just Bill Tries. Just leave and take your son, Jane. All of his after the race is in our pool. What a shot. What a shot. What a hit him like poison. What a shot. Maybe we'll make sure to give him a shot. What a shot. A garlic would have your legs. Drug� or a shlimbal man. He's off to other races on it. What's a TV radio or movie celebrity who hate them most? Hate to spies. So you're Bill around me and again I can only speak personally because I don't watch Boss. He's small potatoes. He's much to do about nothing. He's just a big bag of wind. He loves me the wrong way. I can't tell you. But I don't watch him. I don't pay any attention. I think he's hardly overrated. And not nearly as many people would be talking about Bill or Rally. We're not for the fixation of our frankin with the Bill or Rally. So if Al Franken would have worked hard around the feet and George Bush as opposed to showing everybody the Bill or Rally's phone sex who cares? He's just a... And take a look at the radio ratings. He's even sure up in his last book. He's got an old point on now. Rally. We need to turn Russia's audience to pieces, not. And let's get to the important story. I've stalled off long enough now. Yesterday at the end of the show, I had this bag from Gregory and Cross Friends with Beyond Chronic. I mean, just obsessive. Means well. But... But... You know... Dear Mr. R. For yet serious, XNS3 times the subscriber base. There now they now feature OP and Anthony and I die on 95 set about premium channel. You could make an awesome addition and create a radio blockbuster. Before you say no, remember you once told me that pay radio would never work. And I told you that before we realized there was long before. This whole chilling thing with the Janet Jackson booby and with all the censorship that and we had all of our bits take it away. It can't say crap and make parts on via. And you know something? It would never have worked. I mean, it would be some people with it and some people have already bought it. A lot of people are buying an anticipation of steering going on on a serious, for example. And OP and Anthony was still beyond his matter. If I were not for all this, the censoring right wing crap that's going on. But anyway, it says... Now I have two SM radio. Many of my friends have been at home and their cars in their offices. Since Gregwin Crossbrings. Well based on the fact that my agent is a dunderhead, a bonehead, whose busy ordering pizza burgers, I'm never going to be on serious or X-M or anything. Except this guy for Sigma A and Stakes. No, that's it. Two years were less to go when I said Greg. Gregwin. Or Greg. But here's the important story that just came in this coincidentally. Greg may have been a little bit psychic there without realizing. Okay, wait till you're this, Gregwin Crossbrings and everybody else. Should all radio be created equal? It's on FMQB, which is in the industry of website. Solivine's Solivine of... Oh, I am. Solivine's not Wilson FM broadcasters has petitioned the FCC to include an indesensible provision in the rules that govern satellite radio. I wonder if Mori Levine, the need to die? But there? Mori, who is good-guide? Passing screw him over bad. Levine's argument is that satellite radio is not exclusively by subscribers that is in the sub-util of the same rules as TREF your radio. I've had you ask, where did he go? I've read him over real bad with that. What a rough thing, Wolfman. What a bitch he is. The key is to have a little claim field of info left and QB. The FCC has the authority to regulate satellite radio. In fact, I'll read you a text. He does regulate it in two respects. The EE over requirements of the flat radio stations also apply a satellite radio. And the rules on political broadcast also apply to both. The FCC said back in 1997 that when an authorized satellite radio they would revisit later-time additional regulations. Levine noted that he's not trying to curb Howard's stir or curb anybody, we're just saying that whatever rules apply to us should apply to them too. He continued. There are defenses that they are 100% subscription and therefore only people who want to hear of seeing language will hear it, but they're not 100% subscription. They make it available to carmels for that discharge, and their health controls on it. Families rent cars, they can pick it up. The SMS conception at satellite radio subscription radio is not true. The FCC said they can teleadvertising or have subscriptions they can do either. So it's not subscription only. It's not 100% commercial free. It's going to be available to miners. So the bottom line is we're not trying to impose any censorship on satellite radio. That isn't already there on terrestrial radio. You see what this is going? Levine's petition was filed November 5th on my birthday, no less even adding insult to injury. And as that the FCC opened a notice of proposed rulemaking that would mandate that no sat-caster to transmit any material which is seen, and that in decent materials should be prohibited between 6am and 10pm, just as it is on terrestrial radio. It could take three months to a year before the FCC ruled out rule out a lot of act on the petition. Levine said, so they're already got the balls rolling. I'd be like that. They've already got the ball rolling. So they can sense for this. And then of course once they do that, they'll go move on to cable TV, which they already indicated they're how to try out for that. They want to sense your everything, man. These fascists. So wouldn't this be a slap in the face after Stero makes this big song in the dance at all? He's going to Syria, so he made a big, a dog and pony show out of it in the big announcement. And I would not be something if he can't do or say anymore. And if they have to want to dump it all like they do now on terrestrial radio. Would that be something that would be something that it looks like that's the direction things are going. I would be shocked if this fails to go through. Because when you got to Sam Brown back to the University of Alia, and of course you saw that Democrats rule over and played dead. John Kerry and John Edwards and Ted Kennedy and Chris Dodd. All of these other balls, either both, they just rule over and played dead. Because nobody wants to be seen as being on the side of defending in decency. Russ Feingol, a Democrat from Wisconsin, he was the only one who sent it. They voted against it. He's, I know what he took into the house representatives. This in decency, finding eighty trillion dollars every time you fart on the air. It's like, oh three hundred ninety one to twenty two was the voter something like that. Nobody up there's got any balls in decency. That's why Bush is in again. Because the rest of us are a bunch of Spimeless cowards. Like that so he has bald-headed geek James Carvalets. It's here on Crossfire every day. Like now he doesn't sit in the chair and he shakes himself. And he doesn't even know what to say anymore because he's such an idiot. And it's pretty obvious from all the articles I'm reading it. It was Carval and Bob Schrum and the old Clinton crowd. They're the ones that helped him carry beaten his selection. How do you like that? Stupid ass bastards. Carvalets on about about the two hundred million dollar a hundred million for a rack. And he's trying to say two hundred billion and he said it one day. I'll never forget that show as long as I live. It's a horrible show anyway. But Bob, no back who ought to be in jail. And this is a mother Tucker Carlson who put it in the little pansy bow tie. But two hundred million. And we're talking about two hundred billion dollars. Okay? And nobody corrected him. Because nobody cares because nobody watches that crap. And the bunch holes shut in housewives. And me. Okay, we're going to bunch of names on the pool here. But I just thought I would feed to that story because it's a very important story. And it goes if you're already these seedlings have been planted. Okay? Deep inside the back door. Broadcasting. For make sure that satellite radio isn't anywhere near. Which you think it's going to be. Short since it's a million. Roger. It's a question. It's a question. A M. Roger, you bastard. Russia's a junkie dead. Oh, no, that was pretty strong. Meditation. I know it's a conversation. Russia's a junkie dead. Oh, no, no, no, no. I'm a liturgation. For my back room. I shall forget. I found it's a day with my eye. I can't even say it. I'm a fucking old man. Russia's a junkie. Russia's a junkie. What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? Did you get the fuck? It brings me down. It looks awful. That's better. Let me know. Yeah, he's easy. I got so high. And then I went slow. So we had like one totally. And I got two run. Oh, no. Russia's a junkie. That's it, don't you? I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I'm going on votes on a four. He's got almost 60% of Russia. They hate him like poison, man. 59 votes. The radio TV or movie celebrity who hate the most. Rush, 59. Dr. Phil 17, Bill O'Reilly, 12. Miss Kamala, she got seven. Now, as she, you went ahead and put things on there because OJ Simpson is not a radio TV or movie celebrity. Okay, movies from the past for 85 years ago. Why did you put that on there? Because it's on that fact that I just said. Yeah, exactly. First of all, what the movie is she in? Oh, no, seriously. There's nothing. I'm not talking about that kind of movie. No, see, they got to get out of here. That's true. See, the TV show now. Yeah, the simple life. It's in the second season. She does. Yeah. Paris, Greek and Helping has a little bit. Okay, but OJ don't belong on there. He'd look movies. He made movies once upon a time. So did Edward G. Robinson, okay? All right, let's take a look. Okay, whatever you say, all right, fine. No, they don't put OJ on there. I don't think it belongs on there. He's not an OJ celebrity. Just because he made some movies a long time ago. But if you want to say OJ, that's fine because I hit him more than you do. I'm sure. Just a listen name is over. Got to meet Spaces. You're telling me, just a listen name. And cool. What else is there? Let's see, Miss Kamala's seven OJ two and covers got a pair. Nobody's ever touched them, though, because it may be Miss Fudge. Our old Schwarzenegger's got two and personnel, no, no, no, no. This simple life, my ass. O' Sean Hannity, that's a good one from our friend Alan. In the keys, Sean Hannity. It's another bag of right wing plus. I was thinking of right wing plus to effectively fight terror. And out of here, you've thrown a bloody nimbledon. Double said the other word. The B and B brothers, their bushing blayer. His blayer's trying to save his ass and he's their licky licky. He's got his head so far. Push his back though, mumbling. Look at that. I was swear. I just saw blayer's tongue come out of bushes mouth. Five, six, seven, five, six. We're getting many names on the pool here today. Okay, because nothing about satellite radio is very disconsurdening. And of course, like I said, normal, kids busy ordering pizza burgers. A normal, you're an idiot. Let's face it. Okay. I got a weird good idea, Norma. Why didn't you go call up the president? Okay, you can't get through the obesity people. They won't talk to you. I want you to call up our president and come up president and push. Maybe he didn't handle all your affairs for you. You knit with you. You're simple, and you silly person. Look what a great job he did for you, though, George. Oh no. You got my help with you. Somebody to QA and hello. Hey, Neil, I got one for the pool. Yes, sir. Richard Geer, because he likes to go to home depone. Okay, great. He must go to home, Odeepo, huh? Clicking on four Richard Geer. There's one for you. Richard Geer, another one for you people. Little silly, stanglish guy. But you're already King Wish, were you okay? I'm not Richard Geer. Richard Geer, he's not a movie star? Yeah, he's not a spick, though. No, I'm trying to about the car. No, I'm just a little there. He's one of my people, so they say, and I would do don't sell any part of him. Richard Geer. Yeah, he's a good, can he act? Is he good? Is he good? No, he's got talent. But other than that, he's done it. Kind of runs with a Tom Hanks. Yeah, that new animated movie would be a good idea. I animated movie with Tom Hanks. He's just one more example of some of these people. They just want to, they're all over your life. They're like, are you just around the city of a film to blind Tom Hanks? He's everywhere, you know her. W2A and Hello. Yes, sir. No, no, no, no, no. Okay, great. W2A and Hello. Hey, did you guys catch us to be private while I don't need to see? Right, right? Yes, I'm about 30 seconds of a nice, hot Tom Hanks face nice, switch back to the other channel. I was watching. Well, the problem I'm just wondering why you have to see it and come and down on them. Or I don't all be at bombs and everything. Sir, there are several stations that didn't carry yesterday because they were afraid that the FCC would. And if you think the best of good idea, well, I'll see you in the Germany. Okay, on the east side. So, here's another guy doesn't understand that person Lincoln's got a bad headache. He's so far behind the time. And what? Do you people read a newspaper about bulldog or web site? So, and by the way, speaking of our website, I'm going to tell you right now. Since today is the day I really got keeps saying I'm promising I'm going to do this. I'm just throwing it all out there. You know, Georgian, I in Josh and Eric, we've put a lot of effort in it like put all those stories on it. We're just spinning our wheels. Yeah, all they want to see is the boobies. That's all you got to do. Genially know about it on the day and they can pick it. You know, which is a good picture about it. I've never had less. But like a million websites, you can see boobies on it. Right, you see a lot more than that. Yeah. But the fact that it matter is putting all these stories on there like assuming that you people are reading them. You're not. You're not. If I let me go to our Alexis stats right now, okay? Okay. Can you handle it? And we had that big upturn course. That was because it was Lex and it's certainly dropped back down now. But a couple of weeks leading up to the election and that week and all of that. Oh yeah, there was all this fantastic amount of interest and we zoomed away up there in the highest level. We've earned the ratings here. Considering really I'm on one little tiny radio station here with a really bad signal. Let's see the rank. What's our rank? This is the Alexa viewers. Our rank is 50 years from anyway. Forget about that. 56,000. Which is really that bad out of the millions of websites. I'll reach for many users' dirty, which is also pretty good. What was it again? I never played that bit for that guy. He's probably probably played that bit in the next break. Sorry about that pal. Page views per user. The average number of pages that the average person who goes in our website looks at 1.4. Are you impressed by that? 1.4. So in other words, that means after they look at the evenly known today, they'll look at 4.10 of a page in the rest of it. Another is the main page and then the page is they click on to get to the B to curtain. That's right. That's right. That's it. So we're just wasting our time with all these bedtime stories and thinking people are going to read this stuff. That's America for you. Americans don't want any. They're happy with the problem they get. They're delighted. They're not going to waste their time on the internet. Yeah, that's right. Working with the president over these. Oh, it's stopping up here. But you silly constipated, twit grit. You idiot. Isn't it past T-time? Have some crumpes. You faggot. Scurries. God, almighty as he a piece of turn. T-8. To be glad. W-A-M-Hello. All right. And I wonder his life is screwing around. Yes, sir. Are you doing it, yeah? All right, Pally. Hey, what the deal was thought of this satellite series? I don't know. I must say, what's going on with that? I can't believe it. Some out of time for couple days and also, and there's something else to be pissed about? The deal is that there's a group of broadcasters who already are petitioning the FCC to impose the same regulations on satellite radio that we have on regular over the year radio. It's not a big deal. I'm not. Do you want to mean that I've got to be kidding? Why did you don't expect this in today's America? Unless you don't want to. I want to. Can't you sense you're being out a bunch of stations saving Ryan's private? Yeah. It's this listen. Don't give up, okay? Because me, my wife, we read your website. It's great information. There's people out there. There's nobody else. Because nobody else does. Nobody else does. If they want to get the truth about the school and I just like doing the election. If everybody in America would have read the stairs being in on there, they would have won an landslide. But they're busy looking at movies, man, because they're all sexually were first Americans. Yeah, that's true. But I got to tell you something now. The Democrats party needs the polls to get. They seem to go from being very willing. They're really willing to raise something. I'm a credit party needs to like, just need to be a party. They need a party. We need to say in love. It's my general man's bill. I need a poll together because they don't fit. They're not going to get any of that. That's all I can say about a man. I should be here. I don't know. I don't know. We're paying in here. Okay, Palli. Palli. How are we to church? Five six, seven, five, six, five, six, the pound, five, six, the only Verizon, Singin' or wireless lines. You have the trying to do the satellite with it, don't do it. In other words, they don't want you to have a lot of picked the entertainment that you want to hear. They're going to do everything in their power to make sure that you can't be entertained in the fashion that you want. And always these shoes is, oh, it's a children, the children about poor children. They're going to hear those words. Words that they really use it in work of their past saying, you know, they got new words. That's okay. That's the kind of country that you've chosen. Okay, that's the Red State crowd mentality, the moral of crowd that the crowd who are behind all this bushing in this one. Under that butcher on my TV right now. Mass murderers, what you are. You make David Berkowitz look like a piker, what you make him look like. That's what the P. not with a K. Man, it's embarrassing to me. Two slaughterers stand inside by each, right there in Washington, D.C. right now. A responsible for all of this bloodshed and murder. He mounts a patient through elimination, through the cavitation. Stirring all of this crap up, lying through their teeth. But that's okay, because it only most of America's real happy to send somebody else's kids off to be a human sacrifice. That's how we stretch our media Rogers morning, send me to you. And force a world of life to fight. We end. Five, you're not. Shows can't breath. Our whole man be the prayer. Five thousand feet. Will not you on your head. You're not the right one. We both shall guide them. We fight our side. We may change our lives. We may change our lives. We may change our lives. We may change our lives. We may change our lives. We may change our lives. We may change our lives. We may change our lives. We may change our lives. We may change our lives. We may change our lives. We may change our lives. We may change our lives. I'm 45, we got my drive from public downtown, for a lot of day. I'll be in the fresh route department. You got Hank in the etiquette, the new four to seven, the Humper, who had a big week according to Jim Sardin, and Mike is suspected for it if he does it again, and then the big, uh, all of the stuff are caught tonight, Eddie Kee comes back for more attention, he'll see taking on his how long he's going to be on on Monday, or if he's sure he'll be on. Here's the fact this is, I hate Bob the Boo Boo that Robert Null that put that piece of crap on it who belongs in jail. Not just for the outing of Valerie Plain, but for the way he does that thing at the end of crap. And I've told me, oh, he's just he's up not just disgusting, snoring drooling right wing pile of turd man. He's always like he's like an old bullfrog, like a toad, he's an old toad. Yeah, an old toad, big fat old toad, that's what he looks like. Some philosopher once said, without a god, we're condemned to be free. And how very well said, I guess this tells us only need to know about evangelical Christians and look, he had the mind for rest of us. Christ, it says, let's have a question, Marks, as in other words, Jesus Christ. What's a crazy going and taking us down the road to hell? 56705. If you let's get to more names on the fool, okay? Because if more I say it, it's going to get uh, testy. And I mean, feeling really testy today. Stop feeling testy. When I said down here, I mean, it wasn't bad enough that Norma can't cause me yesterday, and is not having a discussion about my future in my life in my career, while he's ordering pizza and burgers that it's right through somewhere. Jesus, anybody must attend a clock out, I'm just that story. It's a true story. This is a man who is so in that so, that's so idiotic. Oh, he's, he knows Joyce. He's got a good work relationship with Joyce over here and by a napele. So he's going to go to the B of Rays behind Greg's back, and he's going to do this and he's going to do it. And it may time not nobody will talk to him because he said to Jack ass, because he, because he can't swallow his pride. Well, I could say something about that. Remember, someone as follows, come back to campus, Toronto, whatever it is, I was, I think about it. Yeah, don't. Don't think about that in Brian Craig and the same but in any way. I'll have two pieces of energy. I'm trying to say something about stirring about serious about my life and my future. You know, the whole future of my little I got in time I have left. I have two pieces of energy. Two, many of them post. It was all your comedy, but what's that bit we got about the, the guy to drive through? What is that? Which one? Oh, I don't know. We got a couple of those. That's about like, huh? Jack in the box. No, no, not that one. One with the guys actually hear the guy ordering and he can't understand a word that they're saying. I know, I know what you're talking about. Yeah, well, whatever the hell it is. That's what it was like. Like I like it like he's reduced my existence in my career to a comedy bit. That's what you are, Norma. You are twizzling a soy as bang. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, town 5, 60, on a Verizon and singular wireless lines, okay? WQA and hello. Yes, sir. Me? Yeah? Hey, how you doing today? I'm doing okay. You got that Bob Yova connection down. Yeah. Bob, Bob. Bob, are you going to get a little more enthusiasm? Yeah. First time one, I'm Neil. My min pin wrist in pieces of better broadcasted than Bob Nova. Yeah, that's that's saying a lot to him. Yeah. I just called, I'm up at Bombay. I'm sorry. Yeah. Last night, I'm really sorry. Last night turned on. WTVF to see if they had the phones to, uh, and the broadcast. Citor and our private young. Yeah, sure enough they had their own little veterans tribute. And uh, they didn't show them movie? They did not show the movie. Panel Tender, uh, a channel 10 didn't they in Brower and WPLG? Brower, they refused to show it. And I didn't see in Buffalo, uh, WKBW showed it here and been buffalo. I got on the phone and uh, and uh, got their, uh, voice mail. And the voice mail indicated, uh, very carefully. If you have any comments about our program in press, whatever. Uh, and they took you to a washing elmock. And then cut you off. Oh nice. Yeah. So I called back again and decided to lose the apartment. My doc was the individual from the lose apartment on the phone. And you could hear all the phone lines ringing in the background. And I started screaming. Yeah. Yeah. It was like a scene out of a cartoon. Yeah, but you were able to pick up channels 10 from Dave. You know, I'm not even brown, no? No, we got cable. It's not on cable. Oh, I see. That's right. Now we have your local solida. You know, and I just told the guy, don't you realize how I want to say that this movie is all about these crazy people for a freedom. And in here, we are, you know, not the earnings of the tribute to these people. And I'm not a veteran. I'm in my 40s. But I just took it really, really personally. And in my life, like, why are you getting so upset at the dinner? I understand this. This is just really, really upsetting. And what? You know, people said you've taken this very question. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So, you know, and the guy says to me, well, why don't you give you your name and number and call him General Manager called you back? Yeah. That'll happen. Yeah, I thought were you. I said right there by the phone until a week from circus in, I'll be calling you, man. Yeah, I just want to say if you read in General Manager, WPB after all of it, your power and I'm ashamed to be a marketing place right now. Amen. What are you saying? Okay, bye, bro. That's in Palm Beach County, we're by the way, the living and breathing people are supposed to be. Those are mostly blue state crowd. Lot of Jews, a lot of, of course, a lot of red next too. But a lot of, a lot of, a lot of, a lot of, a lot of living and breathing people in Palm Beach County. Who don't, who don't suck up the censorship crap? See, they're stuck up to the NASCAR crowd. The nose taking crowd, you know? I hate you. Yeah, that's what a market has become. Trailer trash. I wouldn't be surprised if you're at it. If Jerry Spirgrers on 24, 7 on every channel for the soon. Except for course, at the ones that got Pat Robertson, Andrew Foll ball and Jan Paul's Crotch. That's what you're going to get. Plus of course, a big dosage. Democracy, oh yeah. Oh yeah. Democracy, my ass, W. What a jackass. You're looking at the meanages. I don't know about you, but when I look at him, I just get very angry. I get ill. I get angry. I get furious. And I look at that and I say, it's just like that front page we got on the website. They're about the Daily Mirror in London. How can 54 million, whatever the odd number is, Americans be so stupid? 59 million. How can it be so stupid? Well, they could have been it without the media. Don't forget Eric, leave that baby up on here. OK? I'll fill Henry for the poll, somebody says. Are you sure? I love it, Emily. It says, the more I hear him, she'll robust the angry I get, what an idiotic shop, little. I'm not a kid. We'd have worked because it starts with a PR. And it isn't pride. It's more like, yeah. More like he gets my firm a rose bush, you know, from the throwing a rose bush. That's what it says. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's what it is. Well, I can say, it's just, they're like a prick. They're from the old country. That's right. I walked by two clothes. I want you some. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, and a Verizon and singular wireless line. Names for our list, the radio TV or movie celebrity you hate the most. Hey, this spies. That's OK. It's OK to hate America because a bunch of purposes are going or running the country now, a bunch of crazy evangelical Christians that want to say to how to live your life or what you can watch or what you can read and what you can think. George Roywell will be so proud. It was just 20 years off, that's all. What do we got so far? Rush one, oh six, Dr. Phil 38, not even a con. Even Dr. Phil can't give a wester one for his money. Bill O'Reilly, 23. He's small potatoes overblown, hoops. And color 18, OJ 13. Yeah. He's yeah. He was in a few crappy movies, you're right. But Sean Hannity's got a dozen. Miss Kamass, he's got eight. You believe it? I don't want to say it. I had a war in there. Oh, I see. Somebody do a brand crate. WQA and hello. Hey, may I do it? OK, tell me. Listen, I just had a comment if I can't. Go right ahead. Take a comment. It's America and it's your agency still say something. Thank goodness. We're almost going to get two comments. And one first one, I got to tell everyone. I get a lot of access to international seeds from television. If you could see what was really going on, and the video that they're showing in other parts of the world is opposed to the sanitized bulk. God, we got to know it out here. Why got to BBC right here now, as a matter of fact? Tastes it. Then we'll get to say these stability. Guys, is it still? It's not. What is it? They show two or three year olds with no weight. Right. That's just amazing to me. You know, that's the Americans with sanitized. Well, you're definitely a sanitized propaganda and American TV. That's why the American public is another one for me. And for American media, a bunch of shields may all ought to be in jail. You know, what's amazing is that the course of the Vietnam War turned because of what the Americans are seeing on the TV. That is why the United States was the first one to break the mold, man. And all of a sudden, the turn against it. And what's the media jumped on a bad wagon, search on the public. All of those bodies in the coming home and body bags and tells us that the military was lying through their teeth about change or these injuries. They all of a sudden, the public jumped on the bad wagon and turned against this. But you don't see that happening now. It's just one or a glorious cliche. Operation glorious butcherry. Whatever they come to put on, they stick it on. I'll tell you one cliche. People are all here and come along on death row. I'll tell you that right now. I'll always tell people you bagged on their leather, but it was some for. I won't tell you one cliche though. That really, I think I'd love to hear again. It's in a variation though. Well, I'm from the rooftop of London. This is Edward Armouro. Yeah. You know what I mean? Well, if you wouldn't have put the American M. Campbell's Manifade a quick change spoken in Campbell's. He might still be around now. Actually it's through people's eggs. Yeah. They used to know he used to smoke cigarettes on the air during the show. Edward Armouro. Yeah. Could the camera smoke her man? I never got really a chance to see him. Oh, I'm not that old. That's why he's driving this day is crazy. I know the history and to be quiet on, the sanitized folks that were getting kind of a picture. But he made it to me. They noticed when somebody tries to grow a little pair like Dan Rather is somebody right away they like try to get inspired. They show them back into a room closet. They postpone that documentary about how the fake, all the fake reasons we got in the war in the first place. And then the L.C.A.N. comes along with a say, I suppose they have up the Southeast. And they show up to Sunday after the election is all over with. I was a cameraman at Afghanistan. Yeah. As September 19th, I was already there. I spent months over there for Fox News. I worked in the ring. The weeks on a story trying to prove loose that complicities in the early days of the war when they weren't supposed to be with us. You know we're a little bit extravenous. We finally got the footage of all the air force and the name they bootcamp the story. Three weeks, we all three weeks chasing down an air force base and they bootcamp the story. You can't have a baby. You've got a blowing up a whole town and they ever air the footage. And it pissed me off so much that when they asked me to go to Iraq I said, no way, Jack. Good choice. It's not as a different thing. The old, so like risk your life and to tell the story that needs to be told so that people can see what's going on. You already know the story is not going to be told here. That's a problem. But it's not going to be told. Good luck. I'll see you at the border. Yeah. All right. Good morning. He's emotional. He looked up to a friend and he's seen it. He knows where it's at. 1157 a QAN. 1517 prunes ARA younger and confusing wrinkles on by 6 Yemeni new. Basahari says dumb and they want set with dumb'킨 down here. Oh it's above the one off. Did you turn down the nochering genitals and not the There has a first film of stalker Like laser jones They're both a two by strangers Now gets to be a thought his own life Since the passion of the Christ and the Father has to be Now his life is in danger You're gonna tell us that it's your dad You're gonna tell us that it's your dad You know how to stop it You're gonna tell us that it's your dad You're gonna tell us that it's your dad You know how to stop it See, we're gonna go kidding boys with a good sense of humor Like my husband here, right? Right, right All those Canadians eh Come on, come on with stuff you wanna All right, let's go back Now what's funny about him? I'm kidding I'm talking about funny people like John Candy Not to have a look at the other funny about her He's a funny little guy Funny nose What about Leslie Nielsen? You even noticed he chopped me back Could be the funny movie ball time here playing Could be When you think? I've funny it's not a money pie, probably that Nothing funny about Mel Gibson I'll tell you that that's why I played that bit Somebody's about to melt on the pole This flies him Find him up, not just in discussion Another money grabbing religion This is in sorry for the redundancy Wow Oh, there's the passion of a Christ Give me a frickin break already Will you please the passion of a Christ my frickin ass The heart of Christ comes to you Oh brother So many suckers and so little time So many idiots, so many uneducated fools The passion of a Christ And then the Pope says It is as it was He passed me my kind of liberal oil It is as it was Pass me my prune juice Wow Wonderful he shares the Swiss card You think? What else? His buddies His bunk buddies Well that's especially in it periling bunk 567.0.560 560 and a variety of things in a wireless line Let's get these phones ring in here Maybe let's get some more names on that pole Let's get wood it Let's hop on it How are you doing with that firefax by the way? I love it, it's great It's fast You're using it? What? What are you doing? Everybody I told told a friend about it here today So look what's that firefax This guy is a computer guy Never heard of it That's because it's so no See anything I'm an old but turd Which I am But every now and then when he leased his expected I discovered something really need Like firefax Now do we have anything on our website about that or not There's that stupid question I haven't checked but Eric was going to work on it yesterday He's going to put that away He's working out of it all right That's the problem That's why I think he just answered my question Thank you Tell me QA and hello I'm going to talk to Neil Yeah, I'm going to talk to you He talks to a lot of Schwartz for not like you But I filmed the answer What a talk to Neil What was that? Huh? It was what it was A PUTS WQA and hello You I got a WQ for the pole Yeah Tom Scarborough Who? Tom Scarborough? Yeah, Scarborough You mean Joe Scarborough? Yeah, whatever it is Whatever is speak last name is young Down the bastion That guy is free All the ways on TV is on ESPN Did you know that? No How would I do that? You can put Daniel in the bathroom It's okay It's not ready He's on the radio We know that, unfortunately He's not on with us anymore He's on with the ESPN 7 I think it's a good idea It would Joe Rosencragman or Vini Are we a weanie? I'll see I had a good story How I hear it is I'm trying to print this out I got to reboot the whole thing all over again Because they don't want me to be able to print this out Because then I'm able to read it on the ear I'll read it right off of there I guess Afghanistan TV networks ordered off the ear Because they're putting stuff on the ear It's getting just like a marathon Are you seeing? We've made them in our own image And now they're the way around I guess The F-Cance Really a horrible story We can't let them report stories about themselves 560560 560560 And he's rising in singular wireless line WQAN Hello I want to hear more about the open mom But why? WQAN Hello QAN Hello WQAN Hello Amy, how are you doing? Okay, pal One person I can't get is David's spades David's spades David's spades is spades I don't know, I'm trying How did you have to blow to get to her? Is that I have no clue for us? So, David has an epidemic of those now, huh? Telling you David's spade though, was it good choice? He blows I think that's what I was trying to say One day Yes What's his stuff for your resume here? A facts that says Oh, these are... How come there's nobody email you? Because we don't want to waste our time with that crap That's why Give me a break I'm wasting time with 80s and an email Spade that we play for your calls We try to once and it was a Cacathene of Swill Everybody's good as the calls we get Except much more Yeah Since I ain't no broadcaster With a voice that's across between the New York Jew Which I wasn't across from the Jew which I am Does he get any worse than that? So I don't want to torture your audience So now the resume on a call So you can facts like you don't hear Ira Anyway, voices evil dumb everything you else So many thanks for saying If be sure to check out these guys on website Hundreds of unsarred world photos from Freshday Demirriphans of Palazzo's and the world from last election Hundreds of Europeans accepting our apologies Sure to cheer up the press pissed off Then our crowd select us. Keep up the good work Sorry Ms. Private. I didn't listen. I don't want to watch it Well, why do I want to watch it? The ABC of Fertilier can splashing teases over the film for the Nice Big News feature Sequence of the roofing industry exposed Ha ha ha ha ha ha Well, let's see. This is from Boca. So how is that possible? Because the other guy said they didn't show it on channel 12. I don't know. So it's right when guys were getting their heads blown off real quick Well, whatever you say, okay, have a good life. Okay, here's that story Make you feel right at home. Those of you are getting tired of the censorship You might have to get used to it because you ain't seen nothing yet Settle it radio is next that it'll be cable TV Then it'll be your pop up poster. It'll be the magazine. Dubai. The books that somebody reads to you And things like that Western pop videos in the as boy ball it balling with movies and even Charleston has to attend commandments and Afghanistan's closed They cable TV stations and not water. How do you like that? Oh my god And appeal from the country's top Islamic judge this way prompted the cabinet order TV Now we're temporarily off the air Just three years after a Taliban ban on the TV was lifted. You know I keep forgetting to play that No, I don't forget I just don't want to play it that we just the guy you know I feel like playing that today. We got too many other timely things And I don't feel like every 10 somebody far some bit like run and stiff you know No, I don't feel like playing that thing today. We just in the puppy Man, that's why I don't have time for that clock. Okay. We got bigger face to probably We got a four hour show today. Case to miss that we started at 10 o'clock seven a day because Howard was on tape We haven't had any idea when we're starting. It's a nightmare. It's a Greg weed inflicted nightmare. Okay I hope that's I hope that somebody pees on his sushi is what I hope Anyway, this spad is the latest in the battle for control of afghan society between still influential religious conservatives and liberals And not the Panthers enjoying new freedoms. Oh, yeah new freedoms. Let's add all about The consequences are disastrous for Afghanistan side Mozini director of co-OTV series today It predicted more restrictions would follow. That's in sweet got winning there So Pinkore chief justice, Basal Habi Shinwari and arch conservative appeal of present lexam and cars I during Ramadan to shut down TV programming the camp did so at least until the new regulation did drawn up It was a victory for Shinwari who was on the losing side in January when the government ignored his protests It returned a veil female singers to stay television screens The band had originated with Islamic fundamentalists who ruled until the early 1990s and was listed only when the repressive Taliban regime fell A screening last week of the 10 commandments starring the Ux' Chalton has been provided ammunition for the conservative society like that They probably got upset when he said he was a son of a bitch. It showed the profit mooses with short trousers and among the girls While he'd moved to Supreme Court spokesman said he's a very holy person in Islam respect and this is wrong Mozis have short trousers and he's hanging out in the middle of all the girls Boy sure, nothing was poking through his trousers Mozini director of co-OTV and Wafghan channel that showed the biblical epic So the situation to minimize the threat to free speech in the country champion by the United States is a model for the region Yeah, as a model for us that's right I guarantee that they won't be showing David Ryan's private son there anytime soon enough. Can't understand Crazy bastards or here's another one for the pull from my chronic john and see if the same facts is the same Don't take it personal john and pull on me yourself Carolina Tucker Carlson, okay, he's on there He's John get a life already. Where you I have no life. She's in South Carolina. He's got a good excuse Well, that's a gym the mint guy. Oh, brother gym the mint man at what's the guy's name in Oklahoma? Yeah, the senator like Tom what is it then Kobe Colbert? Something like that Colbert and then of course Sing in a different tune in North Dakota now South Dakota. What about this? South Dakota. They got to beat out Tom Tommy Tune a gym tune John whatever's name us. We want to beat out your buddy. I like No, not to lay the one Oh, God, I think I'm losing I think my brains are getting a fry from this whole experience man. I'm taking several months off paid Anyway, he's accused of trying to silence the increasing was to fist hate and meet your coverage of Afghanistan policy Ministers will come and go, but the free speech media should be here to stay the circulation in its public. He said this is a time for people to take a stand And the political jacking for positions in cars eyes new government following his victory net in a stand fake fake fixed cover down election the liberals lost their champion cultural minister mocked on Rahine fought for the TV stations in January But he's accused us pushing his views to try to salvage his post this cars. I pondered his new team Moved that may play in the conservative main target are Indian films hugely popular with young Afghans for their raw seed dance routines Oh, no, not Raji dance routines. They're growing the immoral movies were even blamed for the recent fatal standing of a student in Kabul University Which is on the street protest in the capital the boys are disturbing the girls in these films Then there are gangs by the each other all these things ever against Afghan culture move this are all of you Sir, yeah My hand and Hashem Paksad Pasquad Niyak owner of Ariana what about funny cable operators in Kabul city right about the new van in the newspaper and stop transmitting for fear that police in a bad mood might smash up as orifice I'm a Muslim I wouldn't show any sexy films. He said this is that's a conspiracy against the cable operators These people just want to keep asking people in the dark. It want to keep them really really dark That great just like America same thing as we're explaining censorship all over the world good for us Remember when we originally went in there and was it in Felucia? We were one of the Iraqi cities where we knocked the TV station out here Right, I think it was in Felucia One of the cities where we had some serious tourists and the people I started getting really pissed off and fired up about it. Can't imagine why they don't like us you Who says the police are flowers and candy we were supposed to begin for our troops? How where's the flowers and candy you bastards you barbarians you schmoth ahead? What I try to not the schmoth is Said the Saudis are the schmoth and heads are good close personal friends the salony 12 13 at five 60 W Q Let me tell you about our good friends at guaranteed mortgage bankers and do field beach But over 275 different mortgage programs available to them. They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is We suddenly they help the listener of ours and never thought he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home Not only were they able to qualify and they were able to present him three options as to the type of mortgage he could get and they were closely with him to determine which was best and then Guess what they made it happen? That's guaranteed mortgage bankers and do field big human column today tool for a good idea 1 800 734 66 16 with the open for an interest only loan a 30 year fixed rate One of the many low-rated adjustable mortises that they have weight and on you guaranteed mortgage bankers near field beach I guarantee it has what you need they offer payments as low as 232 bucks for every hundred grand you borrow Here on teet mortgage backers and do field beach can make it happen for you too because not only will like make your mortgage work But they'll even send you on a crew that is correct after you close your low with guaranteed mortgage Bankers and do field beach you can pick one a six different seven-night cruises compliments of these fine folks If guaranteed mortgage bankers column today, would you look into buy new home and investment property or just refinance your current mortgage column full free at 1 800 734 66 16 Run the wicked web at scurrented mortgage bankers dot com as guaranteed mortgage bankers in do field base for the free to just like family 1 800 734 66 16 Here's the next line story to the full will Smith all the man do I want to get maybe I've changed my vote he makes rush look after good guy talk about an arrogant egotistical he's a crap Composed jackass the no talent by the way and he's saying no any angle is he funny I think it's a very cool thing I think so we'll Smith get him on here. He's getting jikki five six seven us get a million in xenopole Okay, because we've been worked up to a frenzy this thing about satellite radio It's just no matter what you people try to know here's some good news and let me just say this to you Okay, because I am so sick and tired of these democratic apologists, you know in fact That's one of the reasons that people like Schrender there from Tom D'Angelo each another win and Gibhard all much a weak weak sisters is what they are weak wimpy sisters Why should anybody be apologizing for Michael more well, you know the democratic party They made a bad mistake tying their star to Michael more what's wrong with Michael more, okay If we only hit about 10,000 more Michael more is with the balls So he has the honesty and showing the public photos for you all about then maybe we would have these Nazis running the country right now And all these innocent people being slaughtered all over the world right now These people say go we're lost because the leaderman wasn't conservative enough No, believe that he lost because the leaderman was too conservative He was also lost Jew that's why it's the same people say this is the only show in America. It's got the ball's to tell you that Just take a look at this line selection You think that those red nation the red states are gonna have vote for a ticket when again Orthodox Jew on a ticket when he kind of a Jew the answer is absolutely positively no no chance But to meet you this one a way a gym room. Here's another one good a roaming hey, Role me. Hey, don't homie He's so if he sounds like a little kid Little sports nerd like parents, you know Oh, and they call for the baby. I can't he's one again. Yeah, a little sports nerd kid Everyone think about this sports people most of them take themselves much too seriously. It's only a ball game. Okay innocent people are dying and he people are worried about a stupid bunch of ball games The sports thing. I thought we were getting away from that and of course now We got all this to be allowed with this steering going off on these days soon before we know it There said yes if you want to do it move. Yes, he that's right That's what's gonna happen with infinity and with a steering and then we'll go on serious Then they'll put the same restrictions on in there and then we need Cuz you understand with him it's all about him See that's the thing that's always bothered me with that ego and with a crowd that follows him. It's all about him And what did I tell you it's about the entire industry? He wasn't in saving private rhyme last time I checked But that didn't keep it from being censored. He wasn't He wasn't on that swift boat propaganda piece. They put on singular broadcasting but nevertheless They still aired it and in some form or another and put on an hour frapp again See it's not about anyone person, but when you're dealing with big ego is it's That's what you get anyway the good news is Michael Moore plans to follow up to his turn at 9. 11 Let's see according to a how do we trade papers see it put in all this extraing is stupid stuff CNN people I still say I'm gonna stick by what I said a few months ago The CNN transmitter their towers were gonna have their broadcasting from needs to be knocked down They need to be taken off a year I mean that CNN is the poison because you know the people are lost fox I mean those people are what he that's like a lot of watch series follow-in power over So forget about them. No, but the idea that CNN is presumably or supposedly a real news outlet where you're gonna get information and news about What's really you're done about a bunch of propaganda the shields manual and embarrassment You're humiliating and degrading You're just a bunch of carnival fishermen would have stupid involved the James Carvele on there Who now just sits in quakes in the chair for you don't know what to say and of course You know big Told that big fat pump is told Bob Novak who ought to be on death row right now And you know what's we don't hear one more word about Valerie playing we're about any of this now That's okay we're about the energy meetings and about to end Ron and all the this new Jose He-hemen is clown that we got for the attorney general Because the media can't be bothered now if you go on the internet You need a minute stories about that this one would put him on our website and then you are reading them Which is frustrating is held on me that really pisses me off one point four pages my ass and then we diggerless Let's let him in up the white with no no just it's not enough for waste our time with Talk about being in La Lalla and living in a dream world where we're kidding ourselves man. We're yanking it Michael more told Debbie variety that he and Harvey Weinstein the Miramax boss and produced a film Hope to have Fahrenheit 9 11 and a half ready in two to three years. Oh two to three years call me when it's ready 51% of American people lack information in the selection and we want to educate them enlightened and more was quoted yesterday Today's Navarradi they weren't told a truth work communicators in some tests to start doing it now A spokesman for fellowship adventure group from my one stand and brother Bob to have the food for 9 11 Did immediately return to call yati adiani it did this did that the issues for follow-up film or main the same Iraq and terrorism more said the official morning period is over today. There is a silver lining George W. Bush is prohibited by law from running me getting so that's nice He hadn't even started the new term yet so Janie where twenty whatever it is and We're supposed to be optimistic about that Have some more sandwiches Michael. Okay have another couple of pizza burgers with normal can Can you yeah, I just don't get over that I mean here is what is supposed to be an important this a significant discussion about business, okay? I have two pizza burgers and two million and whatever I'm saying you that you can tell he's not listening Can't hear he's you had a cell phone if somebody's a butt What yeah, you heard what I said Yeah, back though, you heard exactly what I said the butt myster You heard the butt master he said doing the old butt myster The radio TV or movie celebrity you hate the most is Rush Limbaugh lardass 160 do pop and photo hypocrit fat ass liar Liar Another one ought to be in jail. He ought to be in there with Bob Novak. I'm actually to be having a real sweet time together then too Class Dr. Phil 53 another pop is fat ass sub in drooling idiot Bill or Riley 34 You see back in the day see back there fill I guess the small potatoes now And quarter 33 Sean Hannity is got Oh, would you play that bit no Oh Jason's in 28 miss come all she's got 11 Boyfriends and much she's got a lot of company in there a pair of salt is got 10 Arnold Schwarzenegger four Dan Lobaster I like the way we spelled I would not the S three See I'm much I wanted the S in it was in Lobaster not love a toy Richard year three Robert no back to fill me on a Saturday noon on Either that or the pens you with the boat I wanted the other Oh, let's see Will Smith's got one David Spades got one Joe Scarborough. I loved the way we spelled that Scott won Jim wrong Tucker Carlson fill Henry. They don't have any an electric way We spelled fill Henry too man. That was okay really I'm versed by the way something yeah the Fox fire link he said did go on yesterday We've got 132 points already Well, what does that mean? Is that like it in place on my card? It would bond apparently Fox fire ranks the Sites that they get referrals from yeah, so the more points you get the higher you you get on the rankings right Well, let me take a few get away now, okay, let me go to our home page whichever really you look at I got my own page I don't know what I did It went on yesterday morning Well, that's great. It's nice that they're doing that, but it would be also nice if they would read those bedtime stories Well, I'd say we get another week if we don't see an improvement of the number of pages at the medium It's pretty true. It's pretty childish and saying when you have to try to control them straight in the audience to like start reading the story And what's the point? No, when you look at the stats, can you see which pages they go to or just no? No, I said No, but you can go to you can go on your stats and see what were they are going in other words how they get on the side Which the first thousands of thousands and thousands always has to be a beauty curtain of course They want to see naked pictures that's all they don't give a crap about what's going on in the world if you see the result of the election Okay, now where is this thing? I'm looking. I see bushes brain. I See the bush behind the thing. I see the 59 Minion dumb Americans bush flip in the bird what me worry. I don't see that. Now where is it? I don't know Well, what do you mean you don't know you just give me this oh there's fire fox on the left Say for a faster embed or fire fox and you click on that nice little logo. It's a nice logo by the one right under where it says be the curtain So it's supposed to be the curtain. Maybe I hit him by mistake And I don't I don't see any ranking rating view. No no error It was just reporting that apparently on their site. You can see the rankings. I don't know if they list the top one hundred Top one of them is that the scam where you put in a fire fox you knew that on any side if you had the elected toolbar You can do that. No, I don't know. Well, let me check it out during the break 20 past noon at QA And we're a little bit behind the time because we started at 10.5 this morning and we're still trying to figure out what time we go home Don't carry me some stats late one night when he insisted that the president wasn't doing the things right Then was his numbers they also rise and suddenly would be in to real life You were doing the George Bush Supporters left in a front They did the George Bush badge from a tiny little office in the White House wing He's 50 hundred terrorism and middle-aged piece from the border beyond Terry grabbing more votes C Ellen They really try. The borders left and up to my favorite place. They did the door to go back. Now everything's cool just as caring and wild. It's so developing and aeratubing in the Stotespan. But there's really no strength in the trust and deal. But truth and keep crushing the president with medical review. They're sharing the past. They're doing the door to go back. They're giving that. It's the past. They really try. It's an action on. It's an action on. It's an action on. Hey, Trent. They're doing the doors for some time. I see that say, a lesson in Halloween. All those things. But it was enough I figured I'd find right. Right. It's a bit just a little bit untimely because of the fact that this enemy, this stuff like two weeks after the fact. It's telling me stuff late. I want to see it right now that H.C.N. Sucks. Okay. Premier. It sucks. Pretty sad. And of course, if our people are right on top of it, they'd be like watching these things with an eagle eye. If they really cared about the things that make the difference that make that matter. The things that really matter. This would be, as a part of much of stupid ball games. Here's a good choice for the full by the way. I despise him. I think it's a racial thing. He did it. I said an overrated piece of crap. He makes my, In fact, you know, something that's enough to make me want to play that bit with Registing P.D.D. Yeah, maybe that's what I want to make. But I want to go. Yeah. This thing? No. I don't know. I've taken a maybe out of the... Oh, but I... Huh? What else you call? Who wants? Tuffy? No, it's called. Tuffy would read you. All right. But I'm not playing it. I don't feel like playing it. It's like young Neil. It's like all this other stuff they want over and over. And he knows where it came from. I'm not going to man. That's right. That's a dirty bastard man. Overty. Which round is a dirty? Anyway, let's get to mornings and a pull. because I'm really... I don't know. I just feel like so furious. I think if the aftermath of the election. You know what I mean? What do you never feel like real angry? But you really couldn't put your thumb on it exactly what you were pissed off about? The round is a dirty. Anyway, let's get to mornings and a pull. Cause I'm really... I don't know. I just feel like so furious. And I think if the aftermath of the election. You know what I mean? What do you never you feel like real angry? Because we've got all these external things, you know, like the Greg Reed business in the steering, sure when Dana. But that's a constant. I mean, when you're working for a bunch of buckles, you know, that doesn't change. The treat you like garbage. If you'd everybody like crap. So, maybe if we carry on enough, we can get suspended with pay. That sounds like a good scam. How come I never been suspended in this station? See, I don't do suspensions. I'm like your roads in the hop right, I don't do suspensions. That's an investment. And of course, then I've top of the day, lie like crazy about the regular reasons are. At least the first two. Oh, Hank was ripping the food of the stadium while I was so wanted to watch around with that. Well, Mr. H got upset. David, let's throw Mr. H, okay? Who'd have had a half of it on Mr. H? And then the second one was that D. Lee had an apartment, I went to school, and what a slot in a bitch he was. And, you know, so let's wrong with somebody in the truth. And he got suspended again. And then, well, why didn't go through it, right? Right. But I think the aftermath of that ugly election, and it just frustrating is hell. You know, and you just understand that there's never going to be another Democrat elected in our lifetime. It's just going to happen. No chance. I mean, if it's even close, the fix will be in. See, in other countries, they have these bloody revolutions and people die in the streets and all they, you know, people are shooting to an American. If it's 50 election now, because, you know, it just wouldn't be palatable. It would be, it would be messy and ugly. We're busy killing people thousands of miles away. That's okay. I mean, it's really good. Right. But domestically, this is not, it doesn't look too good. It's an aggressive world with race and eyebrow. In fact, they're already raising eyebrows about this last fix to the election again, but nothing's going to change. So, I don't think I'm ever going to recover from that. Even being a distance away. WDQA in, hello. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. How about both of them songs? Good. They got something in common. I think you're never saying them together. They both were a mean choir, but you're okay. Thanks. And, of course, they're down to the back. He's the only one. If you can't say anything else for him. But he's the only one who admits that he listens to this show. Right? Right. Well, Rick Shaw does. Oh, Rick Shaw's not an national. I mean, Rick Shaw, I'm plus he voted for Bush anyway. We like him a lot except for the fact that his politics suck. Maybe that's why he plays so much crappy music there on magic. We love you, Rick, and you're capin' everything else but your politics blow. He just wants to feel much all. He's got much all guy, you know? And when you work like all in pans, he's in the broadcasting industry. You gotta like do something to compensate. Make your face feel so feel like our real man. WDQA in, hello. Oh, you lost. Yes, sir. Can you add Ray Ramano to the ball? Ray Ramano is a fine choice. Can you hold me through the break? For what? I don't know. Yeah, hold this. I get it. I hold this to the break. That's like the old and days. Oh yeah. I put you on hold. That's what all the light bulb talk show is used to do. And it was their only collar. Let me put you on hold. And then of course Mr. Miko would say, But if you move quickly, you can get it right now. You see, there would have a call on the board. And what he did gets along was like that moment we play. You know about that. I have no temple in the imperial Stevens or whatever that guy did. Hey, why do I tell you about? See, when is guilty on again? Oh, guilty at the Miko Sukey's nine-to-nune tomorrow. Woo! Aren't you excited about that? I wonder if his old friend Miko was going to be there. That's right. That's the wrong engines. And it wasn't the Miko Sukey's that's been all that might have tried a lot of you and beat that gambling thing on the Elastiminal. Was it? Was it? No. It was the El Seminal. Try. Not the Miko Sukey's. I wonder that might have been some Miko Sukey money in it. You are a season meal, Roger. You're a star in the season. You beat them. You're a god. I'm tired of the air. When Bill Riley died in Sure he is in square in hands. He's tell you if you like your job then you'll give him a lot of sins. And if you tell your righty, you're not looking to be his own. Oh, great, but. His rule depends right off you. And call you an extortionist. All the backers fare in balance. But God when he calls and dies, he's looking for a lassi. Who likes it a little too? Who's alright? When Bill all rise, you're already sure he is a don't stand on. So when Bill all rise, he's silent. You best not to come your form. But when he says it five, six, you don't even have a man gone from public square or where are we at this rear one. And then we got to Hank and Eddie K from Colbert. At quarter-saf know. Bill were got for somebody. Says the most annoying plan on earth. I hate him with several extra mention points. Okay, you got it. And Tracy and Kendall says Rick says who just went on there. And Rosie O'Donnell, how could we forget that bitch? Huh? I'll give you another one since we got the OJ on. They're a sports nerd. What about Terry Bradshaw? Okay. Who represents everything dumb that we hate in America? And in England act in his case by the believe me. He's not an act. He was so stupid. That when he was a quarterback with a steel rigour in our stupid old years, that they had a good business on the sidelines. It was backup. It was Terry handwriting at the time. And he would fly him to Terry. That's how stupid he was. He would get one finger, two finger. Can I take a wish finger? To five, six, seven, five, six, six, do you have a rising and singular bottle sign? So what's the deal with Firefox now? We just tell me we got 132 points. Right. And Aaron was the first quarter. And put us in the rankings, which makes us in the top 250, which is not bad considering that's just the first day. Well, I just looked at, I checked the Alexa stats for them. And because I, what they was that I told you about them under your Tuesday. But whatever day it was, when I got on all the MSNBC and CNN, all the news networks put it on there. I guess they had existed for a while, but they had their official debut. A couple days ago, and man, I think it's gone. Skywarkling zooming up there, pretty nicely. So let's go because it's an alternate generation of exploring. You won't get any spam, you won't get any viruses, you won't get any pop-up ads. You won't have to get stupid in your bedroom. And it's great. It's easy. It's free. I like that Jack asked me to call yesterday, which is what a loser man. What an idiot. Another one of these sour negative software to people. You can find a pot of gold, okay? Underneath your stove. And all of a sudden, well, gee, I'm going to have to pay taxes on some crap. They can find something negative out of anything. Why is that? What is where there's so many sour nasty, hateful, rotten, miserable bastards? I don't know, gravity. Does that what it is? It drags them all down there, doesn't it? Yeah, you need to look to the tip. This is the filter tip. So that we zirvertip or her? WQAN, hello. Hey, let me see what I'm saying. Let me see what I'm saying. WQAN, hello. Me, hello. Yes. Fuck my dick. Oh, thanks. 560, 560, 550, that's your people again. Trust me, both of those. All right. You're proud. It's all you know from man. Not a clone, not a clone, but a clone. That's it. That's mentally of the material. WQAN, hello. Yeah, what's up? Yes, sir. I think the mad dog's not doing the public scene for a lot of dogs. I think he's sort of a real man. No. Now are you sure? Positive. No, he's not going to do that much fruit. I need a three, what a three road to meet. You know that public. Yeah, I'm good. WQAN, hello. WQAN, hello. Hey. You know what's up? How you doing, pal? Good man. I just wanted to say that I started this interview after Stern. Yeah. Never really looked in before, but I'm a huge fan, but all the stuff that happened after the election. I listened to it every day. Just get me. Yes. Yeah. Pist up for her dog. I don't know what to say, man. Is it? I feel like I'm power. Yeah. Well, I want to come up for air, man. Well, let's you know what to come up. Man, I just hope I don't know. It just seems that every day you say it's like it's just going further and further down. Yeah. But you know, you'll enjoy wearing them two piece bathing suits. It's nice time to go to the beach. It'll be a lot of fun. Come on, pal. Hang in there. Yeah, we're bringing those back, too, because we don't want to see too much. It's like, you know, the Lord doesn't eat frowns on that. Yes, he does. So, and if you ever saw the films of those, then they all have like stripes. Miss come off and probably relate. They looked like prison here. They are top-sitive men used to wear the beach. Yeah, we'll see, man. How do you do those? Weird. They come down below your knees. Yeah. If like, maybe the Mormons know something that we don't. Maybe it's time for all good men. This is what we're in in magic underwear, huh? Yeah. Just make sure you wear a fabric that's not like too tight, because otherwise, you know, dangerous things can happen. And maybe that's why the Mormons have made so many babies all the time. Maybe they're wearing their magic underwear as a little bit too tight, and they keep getting all that friction. You know what happens with that? No, what? Can't tell you. That's the choice I'll get upset. Let's see, Peggy, another female listener. We got Tracy. We got Peggy at that's a pair. She says, the situation we have not knowing when you come on is ridiculous. Oh, yeah. Oh, well, see, here's the problem, Peggy. I don't know. Oh, this is the greatest facts. Peggy doesn't realize it. This is the greatest facts I think ever we're read on the earth. It's very short, right to the point. The situation that we have not knowing when you come on is ridiculous. Can you let us know of how it will be taped to baby four. I hate grid means Jesus. Oh, ain't it with that? And that's it. Well, see the only problem that is we don't know. It's how it's going to be on tape the day before. Now, maybe somebody knows. I'm sure the people up there would end affinity know, but nobody has enough respect for us to bother telling us that or putting it on our skin. So who would have been the best of stern and we would have known it was started right around to the clock. We could have told you in advance. Which would make a lot more sense because then the people who are used to turning it on a clock see this idea of having a show on your radio station that nobody knows what time it's done. It doesn't have to work. And if I would have had a real attorney instead of a guy that's busy ordering pizza burgers, having two young boys in a back when we're doing. If I would have had that, that's a really schmuck. They would have he was sued their ass immediately if not sooner. Because you don't end up in the two contracts for the same period of time. It's like selling your house to do different people. Okay? We're a static happens to turn on the air even though it's going to turn off to be briefly. It looks like, but it would have been just fine to say, okay, you're going to turn it clock because that other main show that brings in the most money and has the biggest ratings. That starts at 10 o'clock in the morning. Not whenever we feel like it. We're not whenever you feel like it. But no, instead of that. Oh, look at this. I'm a big shot. I got Howard Stern on 2 AM. Yeah, you, you sure did it, baby. From the day he broke that egg with a worse team and this guy has been trying everything uh, uh, on the sun to put the mornings back together again. It's still Humpty Dumpty. Like I keep telling you can't do it. Can't do it. Started off by ripping Joe Rosen for me, and very Jack Ass column. Well, I'm not too happy with those ratings and every time he come to me and ask me about it which back in the day he actually did, I'd say hey, if it's not broken though, it fixes leave it alone. Everything's just fine. But no, it wasn't just fine because he had to keep Dillon and Dillon. He's the dealer. That's what we got. The dealer. Greg, the dealer. And he's little less back in about quarter now because every day now that's certain is on, he keeps threatening well, you know, if we're back again tomorrow, while, and if we're, you know, because it's business about, well, well, well, and if we're finally getting tired of all the crap and when is serious going to buy him up and when is he going to leave commercial radio. And then of course, they're going to find out, oh, guess what? Now they're considering satellite radio pretty soon too. Uh oh. Better get a lot of fart sounds those first couple weeks on serious weed art because once they start sensitive and out, what do you got to go to? You see, you can't take running forever. You can't keep running away forever. You know what I'm saying? Right. You got to take a step. I'm not sure if you go to Canada. Hey. Ah, well, am I whipped up, man? We've got to go to a friend's seat. That, and we'll really set me off with that call yesterday, which I mind, I own business. I'm sitting there. I'm making me a cheeseburger, okay? I'm doing nice, act in the lunch. I'm making a cheeseburger on my stove. And then the phone rings have to turn off the stove. I have to go in here and here is Norma Kent, calling on a cell phone. Unbeknownst to me, from a drive through with a fast food join. And you're right, I would like to know where they have piece of burgers that are drive through. Sounds good, isn't it? Yeah. It does. I can't imagine where that would be. I have two piece of burgers, a two medium-culture order, fries, and some ketchup and relish from my young son. Yeah. Probably another runaway in the passenger seat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, con, 5, 60, and he Verizon in singular wireless lines. WDQAM, hello. Yeah, connect it to two piece of burgers and a big cup of shrapnel. Yeah, we got a big one for you, okay? Welcome. WDQAM, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Can I do it in a rock waiting to that list? Is she a TV, radio, or movie celebrity, no one for you can? Well, what is wrong with these people? What is? We didn't just say it was Nicholas to people you hate, okay? We don't have time for that. But they hear the question they want to answer. Yeah. I mean, it's my fault. I have a red request again. Radio TV or movie celebrity you hate most is, is, which she and not about is even though she let you over ugly post on TV and far too often. But she's a political type. A professional, strict political type. Here's the results so far. Gotta have about 500 votes. So we 550, nothing, nothing sensational. Of course we didn't stretch this till the end for 11. Rush Limbog 204, Dr. Phil 64, Sean Hannity 51, and Colter. She still strong, 44, Bill Riley 44, OJ 38. Here's something, even most bitch and 11, Miss Kamal. I say in person, I think. Miss Kamal 11, only she's got the money. Arnold 8, Danle Bastard 8, not a 7. Nice going Eric, you put the S in Danle Bastard. He put the accident. Robert Novak, he's got 7. Will Smith 4, which you're years got for, why haven't played a wich you're here but yet. Can we play that? Sure. P.B.D.D. 3, Jim Rome, Rome is got 3. Little boy, he sounds about 3. Rose, you and Chris the sports dude, they just love Rome even once on this day's nothing or he's saying, he's crap is what he is. He's a silly person. Do you ever see him on TV? No. If you think he sounds silly, he looks silly too. He got a silly little mustache. He's a silly person. Then they have a mustache drive. He's got the go-tee. But that's right, there was some difference. He's got a little fuzz. Rose, you and Donald 2, rich sances, two Joe Scarborough spelled poorly too. Phil Henry's got a pair. Really used to. Ray Romano's got one, one for Haraldo. Tucker, mother, Tucker, Carlson would have so little bow tie real pansies got one. David Spade's got one in Terry Bradshaw. I don't have any, maybe I'll change my voice. You're listening to me or Roger. You're going to be a good one since you're on 566. Thank you, and... Alan. I was bouncing his little baby. But my wish was granted. But I'm Joe, going to miss Lizard and Neil, Roger's name and Dallas. Will it do, Alan? Yes, little baby. Come on. Back home. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. We're taking you round. You pay way from my petroids When you love my petroids, I can't believe it's a part Just let you pick a shop or a knockout And another knockout And a part of your own rich life is rich life You can't get out Rich life is rich life Rich life is rich life Rich life is rich life Rich life is rich life And we want now We're getting out of the zone We're getting out of the zone We're getting out of the zone It's one of the three former children alone OK, leave Richard here alone I hate the way in brothers the way man away in somebody says That's what the name is, I would have noticed Well that's bad Now how can we put the way in brothers on there Like how many of them are there About 3rd man Now we can't put a whole family on there OK, we're going to develop a family feud But I'm just going to know what you're saying They make too many, but they're everywhere like Tom Hanks You're out of a Tom Hanks on there too I think he deserves to be a winner I'd vote for him Can't stand him He just need to become, I don't know He's like a perennial of himself, he's just a silly person Who takes himself See I don't, I can't deal with people who take themselves real seriously I mean, one thing about this show I've never accused this and take ourselves seriously Because we know we're just like window dressing OK, in between the scores In between the scores The scores CBS apologized There's a break into his prime time drama C.S.I. New York for a special report on Palestinian leader Yeser Amafar's death Laming an overlay of aggressive producer C.S.S. They've got their man just sucking away Now they're apologizing for everything If they fart through wrongslavery The CBS eye starts touring up The 1055 PM report on Wednesday Cut off the ending of the popular forensics drama Prouding a cascade of viewer complaints You've heard of my show you Jackass Then we're said the CBS-I. New York episode To be repeated, it's entirety 10pm tonight The report came just by then It's before local news broadcast in the eastern of West ABC and NBC wins the local news To break the story in the West NBC ran a crawl of news at the bottom of the screen. That's your make sense to me And overlay aggressive CBS news producer jumped The gun with a report that jittin' An offer to local stations for their late news And never said this statement We sincerely regret the error CBS news spokeswoman Sandy Jenevious To find a wife and a father producer to say Whether the person faces just the plunder action Or whether he's gonna be fired at him Or she quit Now it takes them to be screwing around right Fits CBS bastards go step in back in line Before they show any more that lefty pink propaganda 560560 We got to you mad at today a public today That's how desperate we are to get a little revenue in here We got Hank and Eddie K. of Carter is four And then the big oh that's seven-spiggin' desperate WQAM hello Hey new Yes sir I got somebody for the poll Okay Territop scot So we got to go zooming in top of this every time we do this How many times we've done this before About thirty minutes Just this month What do we do once a month? Why? There's enough hate to go around Now we're going to be able to do other kind of hate You know hate to politician-yahate Racial hate Relative-yahate What racial group-yahate What ethnic group of religious group-yahate What broad-caster-yahate What uh... one-stir-me-yahate Right? Right Beloting Yeah and slice an apple-on and I've got press conference This has been some week man let me tell you this has been some week Well you get stiff with that press conference yet That it was nothing but a bunch of sliced baloney To quote the humpers Yeah Should have sliced baloney and hand it out like crazy And they were lying through their teeth About one step step aside Right Step on this sweetheart He got fired in it But in Mr. H's world nobody ever gets fired in Because you know Mr. H wants to put out that I don't understand either because he's a guy that doesn't care about PR That's told the public is stick away to moon don't shine That he's in it for the money and not the fans And yeah oh he-he-he-he-he-he's sensitive Mr. Ballhead of geek You know what I'm gonna play? The one that goes dad and dad and that way in high zing That's not it that Yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah he sure is a play He's not us He really is EDM mean doubt I was never like human A bunch of her We got screwed with that deal Which screwed up that chill we were on for 20 minutes And then offer half an hour And now today we want to put surprise Steers that I'm live in it's another tape So that I'm on a bogus messed up tape So you guys come on like a two or three minutes after ten o'clock Totally I mean like out of the blue you hit me with that When did you find out about it? The tape? Yeah When I walked in Yeah And who told you? Stuff Well when did he find out about it? I don't know No probably didn't know Oh he probably didn't know until he's you know kiddo Now let me ask you something When they run the tapes Don't can't we just go back and give you original tapes So we don't have to sit there with the speaker Wanted to hold a little five hours But it is for hours W W I'll probably want to dump a lot more stuff He missed the first time QA and hello Hey man you know I hate the most Steve still I hate him I hate him I hate him now I see the What does he do? He's on a spot center a lot of times He has a lot of space for him I'll take you word for Okay Steve Phillips I know I do who that is who is he John he's not a force in He's one Steve Phillips I never heard of him I don't even know Don't put him on I think he's trying about Phil Phillips Remember Steve of love Phil Phillips No I do George Wood You remember the original Steve loved by Phil Phillips? Oh see I love you Yeah Yeah But not the honey drippers right How many times did they be made that? I'm turning man Somebody QA and hello Still Yes sir Hey that's that Beat the burger is a checker And it's disgusting Yeah Oh my god Oh Are you sure that norm was eaten at checkers or something I rhyme with checkers Fluckers No Double-backers Double-backers Right Yeah Yeah What a what a Lemming man What a loser What a judge They're laughing at you man That's what they're doing Girl I think that's right I was hoping you'd tell you that several times That's what they do the laughing at you Oh, but he's in tight with Joyce He's gonna go out He's gonna go out of Bruce B's And he's gonna talk to this Why I didn't need this like who the hell you think you are man Don't be missing with Greg Reed Just like the water now He says I'm gonna go that great Reed You know, big deal Okay, we're really impressed, bitch Oh that's right That's as comfortable what I just said there Like I said, bitch Dominic, you ain't alone Yeah, I like to speak the meal Speaking Yeah, how you doing, girl I want to ask somebody to go to your pole Yes Over a one-free Okay Thank you Okay, well she's, yeah She sure had a big impact on this lesson too Not Silias Oprah, bitch Yeah I know you want me to play that thing again about to offer's giveaways Everybody gets a, you know, hell you ought to help her monkey Everybody gets a liver, everybody gets Everybody gets scootin' tattooed Somebody QAM, hello Hey, you know You said I don't have to do the job But I have a bank bank of America Okay, Greg Yeah, yeah, well, we'll do that next week Which bank do you hate the most? Okay, we'll do that in our hate series Here on the New York Wines Show Okay, we'll do that in our hate series Here on the New York Wines Show You know what's to a series of hate series You're probably an 80-year-ness town We hate everybody Baaaaah Yeah, I don't know I'm gonna go that Greg read WQAM, hello I'm on Bannis WQAM, hello Hey, yeah, I was going I'm going to hear your mama pal, yes sir Earlier we're talking about the old yenses on the radio And uh, don't agony and gravy bill on that JNA Follow by Skipper Chucks What a wonderful day I'm here at OZDP. It was back off here again for personal reasons When I write in Tommy's Ike's Column I believe Well, he was chasing that white line down the football field That's a big deal And by that I'm just appearing right Yeah, I ain't fall cashin' over Okay, that's the one cashin' over Mr. Richin' Alty who's doing the old sofa King bit Which we had a couple of spy reports on both his listeners this week Oh brother That's that's a good one to hate I don't hate him, I just, oh he's like he don't even exist to me He's just like a, like a wart, you know? Or like a, like a hammer that keeps like that's popping up every now and Just when you think it goes away keeps popping back up again Now let's see, when's that next? It's the truffle November When's that next trend coming out? Maybe something to the left of it till the hungouts and diaries this time Which we can only hope Because that last one that's a hurricane one Uh, when only right we must got the diaries And so Stern got to, hello, we'll see, you know We'll see how many people too To listen to Stern, the butcher that version that we put on here while as long as it lasts And whatever, see if you just stop saying that Oh, I'm that's right, that's right, that's like Chuck Meyer again What a great morning sure with all of those, uh, sit a lady in phone interviews If I would be a lot more supportive they would listen Not Last guy worked for like that was 10 Williams that Jack asked it to Zeta Well if you'd be more positive about our music, people would know they don't like the music I'm sure they're saying 10 no matter what I say You can't put dog poop on the table and tell the public it's a, it's a revised steak Okay, they're not fine if they're not eating it they're not like it They want to know part of the consnelles from a million miles away 10 you idiot 10 Williams isn't idiot by the way One of many I've worked for all the lot said that this current crowd Woo, we man They are something else They talk about the eve of destruction They just keep, I mean, just self-imulating it It's like giving a little kid a lighter, you know And if you just sit in self on fire and sit in a house on fire And then that's what these this crowd does They often puff and they blow The house down 12 in the chapter one and five sixty wqa and I'm, are you expecting guests to say Saving it's not the turkey that always makes the meal special It's the people Right Make sure you're against like just as comfortable as you do by calling dialometrist At one 800 mantras Whether they plan weeks in advance or show up without warning You can get them just a right mattress to be same day In fact sometimes when they show up without warning you open the door And they go TOOL! Like that don't see that movie by the way, Georgia will hate it, don't worry Anyway Now when you call 1 800 mantras you'll save an additional 20% on select models Voss supplies last You'll choose from the top names in the universe They got them all Seely, sir the 7 skin coral turns it faster and even temper peated When you call 1 800 mantras you'll get same data delivery And the same deal of flies have been telling about for a very long time You still pick the bait into our window the tempered liberative at your schedule When it's convenient for you and you're going to be there, how do you like that All mantras continues to be very proud and why not Of their 99.7% on-time record They're ranked number one in customer satisfaction They were winners of the 2004 better business, bureau, local, torture, excellence award So when it comes to getting you a great night sleep As far as dialometrists can certainly have one question to ask What's not to like I've been using them for years and once you use them the first time It realizes that the only intelligent way to buy you a great name Brand Beton unbeatable price 1 800 mantras check online if you like at matrist.com But if you make that easy call right now they can be there before the end of the day 1 800 mA TTR E s You listen to Neil Roger Gets Music late On 5-6 Rull, Rull Get him stick it Rull Rull Rull Why you talk about suckin' off you know So I'm slightly in your life and then try to like this and you see Cause you want some distance We're so robust in years today Yeah that's when things were great When two was friends and then Okay when they didn't sense But we could still see friends And you said, but it's really that an internet And there was no family Never learned about been life And was always in the black We still care about my son And learn about three different things And all that brings me Yeah you could take your pick Like just with them from guys No cell phones No ring cell No I'm a star No racist or no one That anyone to leave And with a man This more is happening And to his friend from love And the fuzz We're smashing the people Stuck in cash And the fuzz nothing Why do you write this? 19 19 19 For the rest 19 Are you sure? You know the raya And with things They beat the fans I'm breaking No We still have some These ears But also there was We still have some We all can't Yes, he was But we're talking I wonder And she survived That 19 19 In 1995 What are all I'm going to do If you're going to take a guiding light today Cause I'm going to go back to lunch But I got to see that I haven't even watched any more But they had this real psychotic episode I know they must be desperate for ratings But go for it To take them Oh, or your way to get some pizza bars That's creepy I'm going to go to checkers and get some pizza bars Maybe I'll go on and get some of your rhymes with checkers Tubby Maybe Maybe Here's one that says hey Neil How can you forget? Leave out? No, how are David? Well, I'm going to sign out of mine Don't go to the door Get him on there He's back at the day when he was on When we hit him to push around And he was pushing back Many would get a lot of votes But now he's, I don't know Small potatoes And I call her the other day It was written for trying to make the games exciting You know, getting excited Well, what would you, you know, if he wasn't doing that you'd say Well, here's what he's just gave up already And he's like he's in a coma You know, it's just gratuitous And those people are just suckups They call her crap like that, you know? Just because they know that everybody hits in my point There's another great read Well, that was another really great move Was more Howard David Oh, yeah Man, what a, what a, what a tremendous record of a contest But over the last couple of years, you know And then of course there was always our good close friend I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his tooth back Yeah That created so much tourists And we're still paying a hell of a price for that Enterprise, you know, as much as a lot of people Loved and coveted and wanted it But all of brother if you only knew 567.0.56 The pound five 60 and the Verizon and singular wireless line I'll tell you who we need Okay, folks They're watching That's who we need He's my favorite morning show I just said that, you know, because it's there Dominic, you way I'm hello 2 am Somebody's there Hello Hello Hey, hello Hey, hey, hey, hey Dominic, you way I'm hello Then you are alright Okay Biggest douchebag in television Oh, see there you go, it's right off the bat Can't say that man I know it comes in the shock to you We can't say the debug word Right, it's you the play of the new world That's right, it's a cowardly new world is what it is And Joyce will come there and spank the crap out of you You might enjoy it Yeah See, and that kind of even got beyond like two three words And I was in it him, you can't say it Shmuck You can say shmuck, but you can't say debug You can say default Or mobile, but you can't say what you say Shame on you I'm going to report him to roll and cold in Michael Powell How do you like that WQM hello Daddy's peatome are just delicious It's a from on the cheese Oh no man Ha ha ha ha WQM hello Can you please the car? Some guy thought it's my wife WQM hello Excuse me, Mrs. Fritz noise Give us that part WCWM Hey, now I'm doing Okay Hey, you were talking about that little twerk jam From earlier Yeah, twerker jam He's the one that was bed flat by Tim Ever Was he really? Yeah, because remember that he was a new jam Ever he was calling for his favor He said he was going to want to hit you and he did it He got me I got a love jam I said to see I had to pay 100 bucks to see him About 10 years ago Didn't ever want to go back to the LA RAM Right Anyway He fucked him He fucked him Beauty Yeah, yeah, yeah He got back up and after more Man Oh no, no, no, no Thanks for his good news, pal How do you like that? No, he got a good slack old ROMI Yeah, what are you doing? He's a woman Was it did you see him? Yeah, he actually he was on a show And he flipped the desk and gave it to him Nice He flipped the desk and Fits flat through Oh man, I want to see the tape of that please Cracker please, I got to see that ROMI getting it Man 567-0560 How can we never see any good stuff? No, I mean, all this business about Janet Jackson And a little tiny bit of boobie No, I want to see Jim wrong good bitch Lack I bet he ever WCQAM hello Yeah Yes sir Bill come out Yeah WCQAM hello Yes sir Uh, something bugging the airship's logo Keep up the air You know, it depends Some zipper Because you will do a radio show Yeah Well, get to do something remote Can't it that? Wait, when do you mean by that? He's on the payroll, he's got a contract man He's in for nether never worked for the station He worked for the dolphin organization Ah, sorry I'll tell you Okay, we too Whoever he's talking about, not zipper Simple was a good guy, he might have his own uh, peace and cues In fact, we saw him so infrequently that when he came in A couple of IOD a couple of times I didn't know who he was, it was embarrassing, you know Because he was very friendly and like how you do all Exactly, that's what I kept thinking In fact, I used to think it was in Skyler You ever see him together? No, but they don't Same person, same glasses WCQAM hello About that Kobe Bryant suck ass Jim Green Oh, yeah Jim Green, who did that silly thing if he would be rose right? Okay Jim, that is a good one for you Thank you You got him Jim Grey He's got him Orangewood Say, how's Bill Fadoa? Where's he driving these days? Oh, Bill Fadoa You know, his wife actually called me up one time years ago To thank me for a nice thing I said about him That's when I was foolish enough to talk about harness racing on here And I had no audience Actually, it would be a hockey show Let's give her more on there for a hockey show Not a car right now Or you're, oh, how could I have passed that It's your fault by the way for letting you do that WQAM hello You can, maybe I'll just let you know that that quiz that you were talking about That's Bill on the internet, Jim, no sweat Yeah, where do I find it? All right, cool Where? Oh, on the internet I don't exactly know Just church, I think it's called sportscaster, slap mine Sportscaster, I'll be slapping it right after the show Thanks, Pally Oh, I can't wait to see that Sportscaster, slap baby Yeah Oh, god That must have done a beautiful interview by deserves it And I'll say it again And people on this day, oh no, Jim, we're all in the legendary and the sports thing Yeah, you guys are all going to get your own little cluster for a go and man You're all in bed together, they're all bunch of you Even people I like there, it's still, it's like an illness with them God forbid, they should ever speak ill of any of their own ill Can you know what I'm saying? So, it might be a pre-sting, same deal WQAM hello Yeah, Neil Yes sir The classic thing about that Jim, we're all seeing He's the prepa for you, said it, he kind of smiled at him And he said, hey, call me that again I'm gonna fly over the table, I should know, alright, there's Chrisy And he's the rule over the business of the fun, you have to see it It's been actually from this day and on the other hand, I believe you do I think it is called sportscaster, slap And on the other hand, on the pole, I cannot believe you forgot Wolf's, Chris, if he's not on there, yes Oh, yeah, I'm speaking to Jim's slap, I like to slap that bitch He does need a Neil, happy birthday And I just want things Andy Moss, you are a flaming I can't forget people Okay, if you're good on me, go back to that again with Andy Oh, not him again, oh, Jesus Ah! Yeah, it's just, see this is the problem You just on the same little market, on the same little station And the same, you know Year after year, Feary The branch out a little bit normal, that's what we need to do Branch out, checkers today, Wendy's tomorrow Just be cream on Monday, you know what I'm saying? Branch it out a little bit, sweetheart And don't you dare call here while I'm, I think I better go out to lunch I'll take that guiding light, it's gonna be a kind of act of episode today Because they're all meeting at, uh, he's telling everybody a different story About where he's kidnapped the kids and he's taken him away So I'm just going over to the deep end again Well, that's what happens to you when you get old enough To the, all the skin is like drawn over your face And it's like you're like, I guess walking a skull in bones But he looks like now, full of spawning Oh, did we have time to be the curtain here that day? We had Jill Allen and spawning Jill, I told you all of these things time together I was telling you that? Mm-hmm, don't believe it Twenty six after one and five six, what seems like we've been on a long time today, man Holy, well you get out of practice with this crack Jesus, Kate Christ, you know, make up your mind already Greg, you want a four hour show, you want a three hour show What do you want? Jesus Christ already If you have guests coming to town for the holidays, you want to do it that dirty old carpeting in your home Now is the time to get rid of that carpet, replace it with lamented or hardwood flooring from lamented designs That's right, visit lamented designs, sure Roman 80 to 80 state road 84 and baby And there you can choose from over 300 samples on display Lime and designs can have your beautiful new floor professionally installed in about a week or less Call 1 877 eight-laminate to set up a free no-operation in homestimate free Lime and designs can we all the top of the well-known lines including Wilson Art, Quickstep and Pergo If you call today and set up an appointment for your free estimate, tell me what the WQM discount for an additional 10% off They're already low unbeatable installation price Lime and designs will find them in day be carestoff i595 between Pine Island Road and University Drive The show is open Monday to 8 Lime and it that's L-A-M-I-N-A-T-E That's 1-877-8 Lime and it for a Lime and it designs The floor in company where service comes first You are listening to Neil Roger A. Who's it lady? On five six eight All dark Two No No No No That's 1 2 Bro You 2 Watch what you said in your better world Jump on the end, jump on the end The work of the day, I'm on it today Every word I'm a fan of the past, and I'm a fan of the past I can make a face for you I hear ball or unit of says They're using it for a black boy And by the power that's been in the day And all of our work got bored So give it to the finish And by the prom, they're some of ours I'm a fan of the past, and I'm a fan of the past And I'm a fan of the past, and I'm a fan of the past And I'm a fan of the past, and I'm a fan of the past And I'm a fan of the past I can watch these three I'll go back to the day I'll go back to the day Bigdaseboys.com, that's where I got it Hold a bunch of places you can find But that's his great, and Yeah You see, one more time, I'm going to come across that If you want to take a station break And they're a little boy Jimmy Rowl Meant I need to just throw the table down And just jump across the table Jimmy Rowl really around all the poor Coming out to drag him off his head It's a beautiful thing, I love it I just watched that all week and I was looped Maybe I deserve it There's one of them, a little wise ass, not those punk And not only them, but if you can read all of the And they get to raise stuff that's for more They hate him, like poison The radio TV or movie celebrity I hate the most is Rocks Limbaugh 246 nobody can touch that rush Dr. Phil 71, Sean had a day 59 and Quarter 59, same person Double Riley 56 Old J is a 42 and it's way down To Miss Kamal she's got 14 Uh oh, 14 was an unlucky number last time We better watch it Miss Kamal See what I saw there are all these things There's no coincidences in this world I wonder if they ever went through The checkers drive through together Rick Sanchez it doesn't Bob Novak 11 he's on press fire He's tied with parasolton 11 Rosio D'Alan Dan L'Bastardy T'Hav 10 Uh, our sportsman is got a Jim Robes got six I bet you'll get a lot more once a lot of you people see that To video of Chrissy Everton, not can him down Will Smith six till Henry's got four Richard year four, Oprah three, Jim All those got three, Jim All though Uh, Pete did he's got three, Carrot top two, Tucker Carlson got two Joe Scarbos two, well, let's raise only got one I'm amazed at that I don't know what's got one David Smith's gone, I give you another one there Much of people won't have any of it But I'll give you one, I'd like to hit it with a two by four Soleil D'Aro Brian Ooh yeah, she isn't the most silly little peasant Little piece of crap, she's what's wrong with the news I so called news on TV in America, okay right there I'll still do little bubbly, perky little Simple then bubble head People have bubble head dolls How about we get a bubble head of Soleil D'Aro Well, so they die, you have an idiot And I'll tell you right behind her and you can put him on her to his bill Hummer, Miss Hummer, I think he's a self-hating If he asked me Well, there's a two that liberalism is dead in America and I Yeah, right see in the closet Miss Henner And by the way, let your head down a little bit People are set to talk, we're in insurance crisps WCQA and hello Yes, sir Ah, real going because last month They had a channel 10% in private Ryan Yeah, no kidding And they had a little about it, okay, we know all about it WCQA and hello Not there WCQA and hello Yes sir, we're winning the war on charisers All right, and you know how we're doing it? How are we doing that? Bush's crownies are going all through Broward County Take a little marijuana pipe off the shelf Yeah, and the name of the Patriot All right, excellent man, and then maybe that's local prisons of being delighted We're not only fighting terrorism, but we're fighting the canvas plant It's a meaning to know where that may be we can go over the Indians It's supposed to peace type with them, huh? Jesus, and make, and the name of the Lord, what's going on? See at the border, we got some really good crap up here, okay? We'll be looking at some good shmit, actually it's a workout on the street You can smell it, lost in through the streets 560, 560 560, 560, and you've arrived in a singular wireless line All your people from the red states, not welcome here in Canada, they stay with the HDR You know, even in the red states, it made the big russes, it is like San Luis and Missouri And in some of them states where they actually had big cities That carried one in there. See the problem with carry was that he was a waffler That was the problem, and this thing with a rack, well, it's kind of hard to hold it It's hard to hold it against the opponent against the man who's responsible for what you haven't got any different ID You know, like, well, I've got a better plan, better plan to do the same thing As opposed to being honest, we're actually beginning with Howard Dean's in We had no business being there, it's all based on a pack of lies, you're a freaking liar And really, I guarantee that if Dean would have, I'd be able to buy 20 points So wouldn't have been able to fix it, I bet you'd greatest life on it right now Would you agree? He would have let them fix it He would have kicked their ass man, he'd have held their feet to the fire and said this Well, I voted for, first that was against it, and I was for it And I was against it again, and I was, well, you know, for it Now, he just didn't articulate any kind of an alternative on the mess in a rack And now come to find out all these post-relation pools they're taking It wasn't more of values that the majority, I mean, that was 22%, But the majority of people were interested in something else like this mess in a rack And killing all these innocent people, including our own That's the most important thing they were And how come again, we just got through seeing, yes, our on-of-art When his body and the titska and titska and titska and titska and titska and titska Titska and titska and titska and titska and titska and titska and titska But we can't see American people coming back and titska because it's bad for the bush crowd And let me see again, new people, let's see it, and you wouldn't know a ball If somebody stuck in your face You're listening to me or Russian, so it's a question If I should be a French, you may be a… Why do I, you breast still? I don't want it to be ill-spitting, if I'm not, no she can't film well And you're not in the field, if I'm not getting stoned, no she might tip at my tongue There's days of violence I'm not in the field, if I'm not getting stoned, no she can't film well And you're not in the field, if I'm not getting stoned, no she might tip at my tongue No, here's the fight, here's everybody, down and round now Let's only be the heroine, let's be the heroine But you're right there, all the bad boys, time to stop dragging your feet And you're not in the field, no she can't film well And you're not in the field, if I'm not, no she can't film well And you're not in the field, if I'm not getting stoned, no she might tip at my tongue And you're not in the field, if I'm not getting stoned, no she might tip at my tongue And you're not in the field, no she might tip at my tongue And you're not in the field, no she can't film well And you're not in the field, no she might tip at my tongue One, twenty, three, seven feet, no she can't film well One, twenty, three, seven feet, no she can't film well And you're not in the field, no she can't film well And you're not in the field, no she can't film well And you're not in the field, no she can't film well And you're not in the field, no she can't film well And you're not in the field, no she can't film well And you're not in the field, no she can't film well And there is hope at the light at the end of the tunnel, you know what I'm saying? What do you say? I don't know 560, 560, 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines I'm hallucinating, any of those mushrooms are due to your retime WQA and Hello Yes sir Yeah, I got some privilege and summation I don't know if you remember a couple weeks ago that about a bomb scared it in the bomb on their guy's car Yeah, I know Hollywood man Yeah, I wasn't a bomb It was the home and device that I'm home and security put under there And the mechanic didn't know what it was, they called the bomb shot And the FBI got there the same time and said, oh well we got to make up some story And it was a home-o-device problem that we're tracking it as once you're the drive through a checker's, it seemed to me They stick those home-o-devices under certain cars because they know that sooner or later It's going to be greater or checker I don't know how to tell you, I mean, it was called blow-check devices 560, 560, 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines Is that what they call a chubby checker? WQA and Hello WQA and Hello And a J-O is better at black Okay, that's a good pair, oh yeah, join it to lip And that's just closest to where we're going to get those two Talk about the Hollywood closet You got J-Lolander and Ben Affleck I don't know if we can play that thing anymore No, no, no, no Oh, otherwise you're like the ass like ducks to the yogis filed with the Affleck duck, have you seen that? Mm-hmm, that's cute And the duck just said, I thought, you know how to use it, we're going to queue in for a couple hours Exactly, your exasperation station WQA and Hello Oh, I don't know QA and Blue Yes sir Yes, any chance we're talking to the grey one You're speaking to them right now, the grey one Okay I just want to get your comment And what do we do for the next four years sir? Are you listening? I'm sorry Are you listening carefully? Yes There you go There you go There you go There you go Turn up your radio That's it That's what you do next four years Those of you who are want to stay in the states Especially in the red states I at least be making a move to the blue states It's a bigot, okay? It'll be feeling 90 blue, but less blue than right now Or maybe just want to go to the drive through a checkers When they have those really nifty teacher burgers I heard they suck WQA, QA and Hello Every Friday meal Back to you sir Hey, meal, my chance when your agent was going through that drive through yesterday Or today, did you say get the QA on a Ha ha ha ha ha Hello Is there a comment? Yes, man Hi, Mio Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I'm a proud female listener And you're the one Yeah, that's right And I wanted to tell you how much I hate Bill O'Riley And I can't believe I he's number five on the poll Is he really? Yeah, I would think he would be at least number two behind Russia It's not a head of Russia I'm really good No, no he's small potatoes Nobody, this crowd doesn't pay any attention to Bill O'Riley including me I mean, I don't know when he's making a scene phone calls We just, uh, small potatoes All right, well I gotta get back to work I just wanted to say I'd love to hear the best and keep it up I just want to see you every lunch break Nice we are here I can't get back on my page here Are you having any problem with our website all of a sudden? Yes Let's go on out with that now, Eric We better get this deal straight now before we get out of here Because I'm clicking and re-clicking and refreshing And nothing is happening, Eric Let's go on there So anyway, did I tell you the credit union that's served as Rob? Yeah, I am It's pretty nothing, it's quite a little to do here during the show What do you mean by that? Well, there was all kinds of hysteria You know, there were some people down there People on their way down there What does that have to do with my website? Nothing, just a chat While we're waiting for it to come As long as they didn't come upstairs in the interfer with our very important ongoing September 96 in Shoei, why do we care about the stupid ass credit The bureau downstairs? Because it's here Mostly I want to bid these going down there anyway That's a government credit union Is it really? I don't know I'd talk about the people going in there Not the ones running it They're all they might be too I don't know Never talk to them where I've never seen my, well, now what about the people on the second floor? Was there like a dental, uh, dental insurance like a place? Yeah, we're not getting onto our website at all here Is there a kind of chat room when he was, he's like, carrying this out into it? He's looking into it, oh boy Back to what about our problem How big QAM hello? Hey, family, I have a glad to see you And back to you Thanks, and I just wanted to say that we appreciate the show And, you know, it's unfortunate it's kind of this harming That you got so many of those, uh, y'all will call or they call it And, you know, oh, yeah, that's nothing So, yes, I'm something really brand new She's been showing on the OILA, be sure Okay, thanks God, good with that chin, is what he said He's got a little bit of curled Oh, look at that, we just got a fact here with an air-acid and a guarantee of that Or something with Eric He said we're gonna talk together Oh, we got a talk again Well, how many solved that problem so quick? He has days He has days Okay, all new attackers out there, he's gonna come in even if like, give you a little pinch of it I'll watch it A little pinch between your cheek and gum WQA and hello Meal the wider Yeah, that's me Okay, thanks for listening by the way, schmuck WQA and hello I missed my candy cane WQA and hello How you doing Neil? Okay, paley Hey, uh, I got two things to tell you about bush You want bush shot, eat got more old values Yeah, more old values More old values Yeah And he's got DAG Not dad, but There's deficit, but tension just over there Okay, great, thanks, thanks for your good news WQA and hello Hey, can we put that boy in our crust on our lips? Yeah, I'm taking it a while Yeah, we sure have a chat here And he's kind of the spot like I stole a mhmers' controller for a couple of weeks We did this in our crust, so I'm okay, he's the only way to furrier on the lucid moment WQA and hello Hey, you know Yes sir The crazy WQA and hello Yeah, hey, go right I got a question, how many people does it take? How many of you? WQA and hello Hey, uh, we're telling you Ripple on that list She makes me ill, physically ill She, and anybody thinks that she's attractive, which George does You got the nastiest place I'm not telling you right now Okay, what do you say? He's a good man We don't care, and the heterosexual males of the world don't care what you say Hey, I don't care about your, your version of heterosexual males believe me I've never heard of her males, I've got better taste than Kelly Freak and Ripple Okay, she was walking in a damn day-lane mall And you were sitting 15 feet away, and she was on television You wouldn't look at her twice Oh, okay She's a piece of bird She's a piece of bird She's a piece of bird She's nothing Okay, and you thought the Jillian's spawning was hot too, so what does that did it? Yes, what you said to me I thought she had big boobs That's all I said You thought Josephine Baker was hot Oh, she's dead No, I did it Yeah, I said Maybe you look warm a little bit huh? Just a little rest of the truck next time you drive in through check and see what happened Now, let's just show you what your Roger's morning's in me too And I'm also well-behaved Find a six-week-week-week-week Why do you best-be? Well, I am your guest Must be next to me Because I'm here, you know You mustn't be a woman Now it'd be more funny about seeing a few What do you think of all? There weren't a few men How many of them were we looking at about the same? She thinks it's so fun Yeah, I want to be a buddy A buddy who doesn't care And you're sorry, I'd be turning around like my daughter You think my family's been reading books? Reading books? I don't know I don't know I'm not feeling like my boy I'm all I'm all grown up You know, I'm not a celebrity You know, it's not funny I'm all grown up I'm all grown up You know, I'm all grown up You know, I'm all grown up Of course I do But my daughter is my son And if she wants to run off Who the son Hey, I love the big man I love the red of the tummy Like the one But we hear the love of the This And I don't even know just the reward That's why we're beautiful Just like you and me Just like you and me It's what you're doing It was one of the great and only big yellow You're a woman Who will be You know, I'm trying to I want to be a funny I say I'm a Japanese You know What do you mean? I'm a Japanese I'm a Japanese I'm a Japanese You like my boy puppy One for these seven and five Sixy Everybody was born a poppy This week because it was remembered Stay as today Veterans day in the west Remember to stay in Canada Hey, remember No Bested Where's your eye poppy? I think they'd be boogin You're community You know what I mean? That's the poppy community I want to how it's going over in the checkers community Oh, I think I've peaked the burgers and checkers man Somebody says I hate verbal walters How do we not put her on there? I think you have to write this in your vote, right? I think she's a lot more attracted than Kelly Rippo You would Not I just said that to the aggravate And I'm sure I did Anyway, here's the way it's going so far Well, I mean, what we have to do if we haven't done it already We got to put a link on our website to be Get a whole bunch of hits over the weekend People that haven't seen Jim Rolmugged Bitchside by Jennifer Like, pussy ever Go to think? Okay You know, you've got, I don't know which your link you had Because it's all over the damn internet It's everywhere Also, I get to you Okay, you could just have the York Times All of us on New Zealand Jim Rolmugged Like, Bitches Yeah, a great thing Huh? Also, there's that video Did you watch it in its entirety? Absolutely And was there most entertaining anything? I mean, you think it's terrible? Ha ha ha ha ha Oh man, this is a little big shot there Mr. Pitch's Quake Okay, Rolmugged Bitches Little Pitch Quake Oh, I love it Beautiful thing Anyway, the radio team here Movie celebrity you hate the most is Rush Limbao Nobody even close to Pilpop And Rush 279 Dr. Phil 78 and Colored That Bitches Moving up with 70 Sean Hannity 64 And Bill Orrale's 60 Mostly right wingers and other kind of phonys If you missed our 10-in-a-little hour today Which is kind of a bonus You missed them really good stuff for example Right? Hi, hi Hi, hi I don't know what to do And It is It is It is Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah By the way, Wayne's camera is still alive And it's his news Oh, Wayne's camera is still alive And it's his news Oh, Wayne's camera is still alive And buddy, if someone's just saying he's big Yeah, I'm still big And Did rock buzz Nobody's with me We are 4-8 And far 35 And left And no WHILE Make us win And then you every six years Is unable Whereas the world is in work But I think you are not While you're running Why are you running and have a