Who's the boy? We're not 11, we focus on the diamond now we're getting even. Who's the wish we could and wasn't found forever? We're not 11, we're young eight, I'm home. We're going to present a push to the Patriot Act in Buffalo of all places. Man, they don't realize that the Patriots play in the winland. What is wrong with that man? We don't have time to answer that question, do we? No. No, we've got four hours. Anyway, happy Tuesday, Tuaia. We got, let's see, the pull result from yesterday is shocking. Yeah, if I can't even knock it off the thing here. The most important person of the 20th century is we're going to milk this for three days, I love it. He entertains today, athletes tomorrow, and then we got that thing from what magazine was it? About the songs, a witch of a call at maximum blender. Maxim blender, what is that? Is that something you like to make smoothies in? Maxim blender? There you go. Really? Big blender. I don't know what that is. It's a maximum spin off magazine. They weren't sewing enough under just maximum, so they say, they spun it off a little bit. Now these also? I see. Kind of like the Chef Boy Artie thing. Speaking of that, guess what you see where Coke is going to make Coke? Low carb Coke? No. Yeah. How is that different from Diet Coke? Oh no, this is like with sugar, but with less sugar. Oh, yay. It's like kind of intermediary. See, this is the mentality of all the big companies that if they put up a hundred different products, maybe not a hundred, but... Not a hundred man? Yeah, that are pretty much the same crap. A different name is a little bit different agree. Instead of making a lot more money and they do. The Chef Boy Artie, I keep using that as an example. Yeah, because I can remember the beginning of these to be basically Chef Boy Artie, there was like spaghetti and meatballs in a can. There was rabbioli and there was beef erroney, which I do like, and why I like to do? I haven't done it in years. Yeah, I know what you like to do, but I don't want to hear about it. Take beef erroney. Put it like in a little pot on a stove and take like Swiss cheese and cook it in their melted all together. Yeah, actually all the names in there. Actually put some cheese in it. Well seriously, that sounds good. Except that one. But anyway, so now there's like about a thousand different Chef Boy Artie. There's like, yeah, all the for the kids and all different shapes. There's the same crap. So they sell a lot more of it. So there's going to be a coconut-cocaula low-carb because everything has to be low-carb. Or else. I can't wait till her cheese comes out with a low-carb chocolate. Well, they already have low-carb chocolate bars. Especially the ones that are full of malt control on a surbical. And we don't have those stuff. So if I switch and play no more, not the right ones anyway. The most important person in the 20th century Thomas Edison, 337. We'd be all sitting in the dark if we were to roll time, right? Right. Albert Einen and we wouldn't be able to hear a play that a big trolla. What else did he invent? He invented just thousands of things. Edison? Right. Haven't lotion pictures and how about going in an instant lighthouse, right? Audit recordings? Albert Einenstein, 253. FDR and even 200. Coming in fourth and doing a spectacular job. Look at that. 113 votes for? Absolutely. All how we've David had the most important person in the 20th century. Who could argue with that, right? Right. 8. Allpitler 104 is Moe Agesot the Mustacheot one. He's the good one. Look at the way Final Farmsworth went flying up to list. He was no from nowhere. He got to leave. Oh, it's our bad. It's a good thing I added him on there. Final Farmsworth invented a television 98. And of course, of course, for him, I couldn't do watching full and power line through his seats right now. Do you know his kind of leasing person nation? Bill Gates 92, Henry 487, Tim Berners Lee, the inventor of the World Wide Web 79. Martin Luther King, Jr. 77. Line-Stine Churchill 61, who lived a hell of a long time for a big fact guy who boosted up or beat in a swamp to his big fat stowies. Edward Teller 42, you feel like him a lot, or else. He was Hungarian. Yeah. Did you know that? I was always German. JFK 35, Alian Gonzalez, Formula 80 and A2 got 34 votes because those people, really, had some where to go. Flight him or lie in 22, if he'd held Castro only 22, that's surprising. Gone the 22 of the Gandhi man, vintenceur father of the Internet 22. Lots and and Crick 13, what do they do something about DNA? Correct. Richard Nixon 10, General George Marshall 6, General Patton did make it on here. Or Eisenhower, we're not going to say a great warrior, but also a present in P.P. times to the very last word I was so. George Marshall 6, Margaret Sangre 6, and then 485, Alan Greene's fan five. We apologize for the mis, I think it's ALA. I'm in don't care. Bill Wilson got three. Founder of alcoholics. The anonymous bill was in, by the way, those you notice the AA people are very militant. The ones we hate yesterday both on the phone and on the fast very militant. Yeah, I have no idea. Why have you put Bill Wilson on, or yet? What's wrong with you man? Somebody called you? Probably because you don't belong on there. I mean, I'm glad that he helped you over your booze problem. We all have our own thing. I got my sugar problem. You got your booze problem. Right. You ever know about how to solve a replace one addiction with another sometimes? I mean, I've been a good doctor. I can zone there where it's in pieces. I mean, I mean, he's pretty influential. Right. Right. And in fact, he was before anybody else. He'd been talking about low curves back in the early 70s. He was screaming about it. He was yelling in a Holland. And everybody said, clap, clap. He was in the F like spots. Edward, our moral to how did we end the heat come from? I don't even know the book of Brian. That was a good choice. He was probably the top journalist of the 20th century. I would say it's from everyone of where is he today? Good. Well, I mean, is it equivalent? Where is his equivalent? Oh, he's going to be retiring this time before his thumb will come. Oh, yeah. So I need rock and color two. Where you shot play two? No, that's not the professor. Is that professor Alvin? Exactly. He racist from California. Oh, where you shot play you had two. Maltese tonguehead appear and Rosalind Franklin. How did 17, 17, having almost almost 18, had her votes, Rosalind Franklin, and have any, I don't know, somebody has suggested that there's somebody facts that they didn't even vote for. That's not always bothers me. You know, why do people suggest or when for a very prestigious and important and scientific pool? And then you don't vote for them. They get a big, the big, oh, oh, right? Doesn't that brush your little ass a little bit? Frost my fat old ass a lot. I got the, Bob would work book in my head right now. I mean, I got books that have been written yet. I just, so much reading to do in so little time. Tired of attack by Bob would work. And I also have on tape. Let's buy a little bit of it. He. Rosalind, we have made the connection with us on the front of this friend's Van Dau of Saudi Arabia. That's enough. Well, I mean for right now. That's Steve. Huh? That was Grazer. Well, he called in last night during his show. They were begging. They were trying to make contact with him. The prince, the prince of the proper. The prince called in. It was pretty embarrassing because both both woodwood and even are good friend Larry. Uh-huh. We're kind of laughing at him though. He was trying to dodge and be elusive and all the other crap. And when they finished the thing woodwoods said, that was the most unbelievable tap dance ever seen all the years have been in journalism. It was just incredible. Because the answer to every question was, well, yes, but no, but yes, yes, but no, no. I would never disagree with Bob Woodward. But in fact, the White House even recommends this book. It's out if you go to the White House's own website, fashys.com. Uh, you'll find this in the recommended reading. It was a plan of attack highly recommended. Just don't pay any attention to parts of they don't like. Like about having Saudi Arabia, you know, do some production of oil to cut the prices. You've just been pretty elusive. And I love the part where King S.B. a prince, Prince Van Dau. Well, would you like to see President Bush get reelected and these response was, which drew some real chuckles as a matter of fact from both Larry, who really, and come to the list from Stoneface, Bob Woodward, was when he said, oh, we hope, every American person gets reelected. Right. This especially, if the last name is Bush, and they have to be in business with us, we hope to take it with us. Right. Nice going, Prince. So he pers. So anyway, that was a little bit of that way to run. Humanistly, a prince's conversation would Bob Woodward and would Larry interjecting every now and then. One of his in-a-in comments. Who we got on the beat is current today if you're over the age of 100, and he had permission from everybody you know, and some people I already did, we got Maryel Hemingway. We had Margaret, I watched her name Mark W. Mark W. Mark W. So I just said, we had Margot W. last week or whenever it was. And now we got Maryel Hemingway, who's probably a Maryelito. What do you tell me before about that? That her dad named her after Maryel Bay, which is where he, you know, stayed and fished and then you launched it. He was everywhere. Yes, he went, he got around. He was spent a lot of time and Florence Italy, but when Castro confiscated his property and his boat and all that stuff that's what drove him over the edge and that's what did him in. Are you start when a cast or a stuff again? Just say it. And drove him over the edge? Yeah. That's what he, uh, that he never recovered from that. Couldn't go back. Anyway, Maryel Hemingway was born in November 21st, 1961, which makes her 42. Right? So the 42 this November. Don't think you were born. Born in Mil Valley, California. She was a competent actress. It says here, which I guess we've tried to be nice. Yeah, grand daughter of Ernest Hemingway, and younger sister of actress model Margo Hemingway. Maryel was almost destined to a life in a public eye. She debuted with Margo and lipstick in 1976. But under way prolific it not commercially successful film who were included in says films as Woody Allen's Manhattan, personal best, star 80, plain Dorothy Stratton, creator in the main season. She down the producers had while appearing in the suicide club, and recently turned a TV in the 1990s starring in the series Civil Wars and central park west. Maryel Hemingway is there in the altogether on our beat of television and selection for you today. If you're like it, too bad. That's what we got. Take it related to prices right. Now, this is all we better do the break. Because it's a little bit of a follow-up to the thing, we had yesterday about broadcasts, fighting back against the profanity who, which I say, how to regulate the never-man's. About time, somebody's people weird their backup. What's that spot that we always have on you know, most shoulders weird up in your, what is that thing? Both hands that we only were a shoulder-backed rear-up. What is that? Mass the early, dive your four or whatever that, and your rear shoulder-up. Rain your rear shoulder-up, right. And that's what, it's about time, some of the people in this business develop even just a small pair and say, yes, what FCC, we're going to challenge you all the way to the Supreme Court, which is what this really is all about now. Because you're just way over the line, man. We're talking about dictatorship. We're talking about fascism. We're talking about just ramping censorship. By group of people who are just making it up as they go along, the ever-expanding list of you can't say this, and you can't do it. I wouldn't be surprised if they knew how to spell it. This would be nice. You can't play that anymore. How do you spell it? I don't know, but you just can't, you know, how do you put that on the list? Sounds like a bodily function. Yeah, when Gellie knows it, he, I think you got a point there. From an afternoon to ten, at five, 60WQA, when a man is considering a hair replacement, as greatest concern is he don't want to look like more. You know what I mean? I'm just asking you to do something. You want to look natural. Like it, not like a dead animal. You can always spot a bad piece, man. Like Aaron Brown on CNN. I've sand Donaldson on ABC. Those guys look like silly geese. How many good ones, though, or will I know this because they look so great, nobody knows it ain't the real thing. Charles Alpheary's design and supplied her systems to show his people for more than 35 years. He's been a guest on Good Morning America. The today show, even ACBS, morning news, producing his patent-of-hair system that offers you guys the most amazing natural heli-system ever invented by man or anybody else. And the most critical area of any her system is that hairline. And Charles News skinlight, care system is 100% un-detectable. And he gives you this 30 day guarantee. But turn the man. Cry Charlie System for 30 days. But turn the man. After a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting more action than you ever dreamed of, then who have been in a good week? Returned for a four-refund no questions act. And he's not to lose beside a day shiny ball spot. Charlie also services in the Paris existing her systems, including shampoo and trim. So don't feel like call Charlie the day and change your life forever. Look better any younger that you ever dreamed you could again. Call toll free 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413 or log under their prestigious website. CharlesAlpheary.com. And he's not to lose beside a day shiny and local time. He's got to lose with your 562 and 2-way. And he's not to lose with your 562 and 2-way. And he's not to lose with your 562 and 2-way. And he's not to lose with your 562 and 2-way. And he's not to lose with your 562 and 2-way. And he's not to lose with your 562 and 2-way. And he's not to lose with your 562 and 2-way. And he's not to lose with your 562 and 2-way. And he's not to lose with your 562 and 2-way. And he's not to lose with your 562 and 2-way. And he's gone see the first extension. Though nothing went back to me. So many fairs making me this movie wasn't supposed to bear. So cover, come on, Barnes. The food the fish in with me. No. I love that. That's my favorite song this week. I love Come Ocean. We've been through that a million times. All of that thing, that magazine thing, I heard it in a week. That's not for your favorite song, that's for the worst songs of all time. time. We both are city by starship. We know we're song about time. I would challenge that very vociferously. Just like I would challenge vociferously the facts in the call we had yesterday from the professional Israel apologists about how great it is because all they are doing is killing terrorists. And like you said, I don't want to give that whole aerial surrounding because it speaks for himself. One good terrorist deserves another one. But anyway, this has just been from Reuters. Arabs in the Middle East hate the US more than ever following the invasion of Iraq and Israel's assassination of two hom oscillators, Egyptian president Hasn'thmeb Barksid in comments published today. L'Abarak who visited the US last week told the French newspaper Lamond that Washington's actions have caused despair, frustration and a sense of injustice in the Arab world. Today there is a hatred of the Americans like never before in a region. He said in the interview given during his day in France where he met President Jacques Shirak. Oh, yes today. He blamed the hostility partly on US support for Israel, which is assassinated the Hamas leader of the Aziz El-Rotisi in a missile-spiracanagazz's group Saturday. We expect the coming as president of the United States to seek Oscar Mediascine. Junior. How come the Muslims never are like Junior? Ah, I don't know. Well, they'll start thinking about that, okay? At the start some consider the Americans were helping them. There was no hatred to the Americans. After what's happened to Iraq, there was unprecedented hatred and the Americans know it Mubar said. The people of a feeling of injustice, what's more they see are Israel's seron acting as he pleases, but the Americans saying anything. He assassinated people who don't have the planes and helicopters that he has. In other words, he's got all the weapons that we could provide him in their throne rocks and in occasional suicide bomber. Israel said such killings are such tough defense, but Mubar said the assassination of Antis, he could have serious consequences and that the instability in Gaza and Iraq would not serve US or Israeli interests. The spirit of feeding them injustice are not going to be limited to our region. The Lord American is really interestful not be saved not only in our region, but anywhere in the world he said. Asked about your bones, planned to pull out of Gaza, Mubar walked in any withdrawals or was agreed with the Palestinians and in line with a peace of roadmap drawn up by the West EEU and the UN, the UN, a Russian audio, he had made my ass. Who would it kiddo man? I'll get a Sharpie. And like I said, how come the rest of us can't just be left alone? The guy that called in to show yesterday and the guy that said to fast which may be the same person. If you're so crazy about it over there, there are planes leaving all the time. They got great security there on LL, hop on a jet tomorrow and hop on your way over there to tell a beaves Jerusalem, a high-fiber would have you want to hang out and get lost. And leave us alone. These people are don't care about America. All they give a crap about is Cuba and Israel. And every other place in America, in the meantime, we're on to this wave of fascism now that's drowning America. And since we're nearly dancing, we wouldn't say anymore and some earflights is still saying, damn, can't say what ought to precede it though. Heaven forbid, God forbid, oh, he said it. See up, cover I am, I like you know, they do a little fact dance. That's what you got to do right now. You got to do a verbal fact dance, begin to look a motion. But I need that book, but about to be better like separate the words you drop when you know the hairy, droplet, fumble, but there and that's it. The grace was going on in America and these people are worried about Israel. Let me say it again as far as the Israel crowd has been certain. Castle Hose, that's my comment. I know for this insanity. Anybody that's crazy enough to be over there like a sitting target, it's like a murder complex all over again. It's like your mother and my mother, professional victims. They should have a contest. Well, our mothers, yeah, victimized, I got me this for you. You did not even in the running. Not even in the running. Anyway, get back to the story I talked about yesterday before we get to that thing from last night on Larry King. I told you watch you, you didn't watch you did you? No, I thought I said a way better than I did. That's why I taped the audio. Thank you because I knew you wouldn't watch. We have made the connection with us on the front of his friend's band-off of Saudi Arabia. Oh, that's good Larry, but little bit later on. Where would you like exclusive CNN Wednesday, 90's journey? Okay, thank you. Anyway, US broadcast is on Monday struck back at the government crackdown against in the DCC LA waves warning regulators that harsher policies were threatening free speech on radio and television. That's so ridiculous. A coalition more than 20 broadcasts is including the measly people. Oh, man, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, very soldable just do we to far had to George and Bruce and all of the measlies, right? And what are I, other names are, Rufus? But how do you, you guys, you, we, we didn't know you had it in you. About a cat diesel power had just a tip of tool. All right. I, by now, we got me a banjo. I'm taking it right now on a banjo too. A coalition more than 20 broadcasted artist groups in media organizations filed a petition on Monday, asking the FCC to reconsider a profanity warning as part of what some common citizens call the new sexual McCarthyism. What a great way to describe it. That is absolutely correct again. You thumb is right on it. If I can still say that, can I say it? Oh, like I said, the petition signed by broadcast network owner's via come in can fast entertainment group as well as the screen actors go in other groups charged with the FCC as expected. It's a theory beyond constitutional limits in that broadcast is having coerced into self-centorship. The FCC is not applying contemporary community standards to potentially invasive material. They're trying to change them. Robert Corn Revere, the lawyer representing the group told Reuters. Corn Revere, and his brother Paul, a partner in the Washington DC office of Davis Wright remains said that in the current climate, some broadcasters were dropping decades-old rock songs from the radio playlists, and it ended in adding documentary footage from potentially profane remarks. The FCC ruled last month that NBC television stations violated a federal profanity law on YouTube, rock singer Bono shouted, if they've written a broadcasst, of the 2003 Golden Globes Award show. And a split decision, however, the commission declined to let the fines against the NBC stations. The NBC network owned by a general electric father's own challenge to the FCC mission later on Monday, it said the commission went too far by creating a sweeping new definition of profanity never previously cited. And again, it's called making an up as they go along there. Absolutely correct. Man, I'm excited. It finally somebody has said, you people are crazy. You're so over-the-top man, it's just unbelievable. It also said the Bono ruling contradicts years of precedent for giving isolated and fleeting utterances of the effort in news and certain live telecasts such as sports and entertainment sport. That's so ridiculous. You can't watch your football or hockey game without a few F bombs being dropped there in a middle of the game. It's just impossible. That's just the way people talk. That's what goes on in the heat of the moment, right? What kind of a, what kind of a thing call was that? You hear that all the time in the sporting events. NBC faltered the FCC, so have you hear them all the time? Cause you're not watching. You only sporting a thing you don't hear that is golf in the tennis. They get to say very quiet. That's right. You have to have very quiet in tennis. Can't ask to be hush. Hush, hush, hush, hush, hush, hush, hush. Oh, I don't know. NBC faltered the FCC opinion as impermissively vague for stating that it would in the future analyze other potentially profane words or phrases on a case-by-case basis. I'll be forward to getting to finish this for that will. The poll today, the most important editor of the 20th century was this to give it or something to do. Or, no, no, I don't know. I guess it's a Josh, right? Right. Cause we have a blank poll on there because we didn't put any names on it yet. Elvis, Frank Sinatra, John Lennon, an entertainer-conding singer, actor, actress, dancer, right? Right. We could put more how we gave it on there again. I'll always not very entertainer. Absolutely. Put him on there again. And he ought to be on every day. And when we get to athlete, we'll put him on there too. He's an athletic supporter. Please, golf doesn't he? He's a golf guy. That's right. He's a golf nerds. The golf hole. Anyway. The FCC order will encourage a play of safe attitude by broadcasters and the exercises of their editorial judge, been a chilling effect that cannot be squared with a public interest or the constitution, the NBC position said. See, this is a hell of a lot of better than us trying to sign petitioning. They'd like skyd up there in New York if you listen nice tries. It's stuck at 100, 78,000. That's not going anywhere. But even if we would have taken out the idea, this is the way to do it. Individual broadcasts, we shouldn't have to have the monkey on our back to have to be doing this. We big money, the billionaire orders of these networks. These are the ones that should be screaming and fighting and out they finally are to which we say. Oh, rice call on you, go boys. The Potterwood and King Weeksector Janet Jackson ignited the industry crack down on sexually specific terror with that press during performance during life. Super Bowl half time show broadcast by CBS and February. Everybody that was not either taking a toilet break or if they were refrigerator nobody saw it only about 30 minutes. About 30 minutes. Man, 30 people saw it. The public outrage over Jackson's brief flash of nudity helps spark congressional action to stick and find for broadcast in DC and C. Yaddi Yaddi. As CC's spokesman Richard Diamond said, the commission would review any petition file regarding the profanity ruling. The FCC does not have a deadline to respond, but petitioners can take their case to court if they're requested as this by the commission. ABC said it often not to weigh and leading the Walt Disney company on network is the only one of the big four broadcasts is to remain silent on the issue. How do you like that? Hey, a bunch of cowards and tangy's. What do they want to dump? I snorke. ABC broadcast officials have argued that while of seeing program should to kept up public or waste not on. Since this is a profaneling with your new video onto in the agency, we really want to enter into an era in which an inadvertent curse word error during live coverage of a breaking news through a little result in fines and possible license revocations, Bob Wright and BC's chief executive wrote in a Wall Street Journal opinion PCX today. Could we want to do that? No. Wright said the media industry was already experiencing a chilling effect as Congress ways new laws against the decisions that are vague and punitive enough to cause talent and writers producing actors to flee broadcast television. Television stations have responded recently, explains to the seconds long tape delay for live programs such as the Academy Awards and Settlement. So on radio station chief channel communications, Rob Schauftock, Howard Stern, other radio personalities known for sexually explicit comments. They always mentioned Howard, but of course, Bob, a lot of times got fired. The group bombed guys in Atlanta, what was their name? Something guy. The background. Now there's the irregular guys is what I'm here and they got can't. And I've to mention that everybody else has got to be on their toes. They've got to be walking on egg shells because we sure don't want to be saying on the air. I'm on my own. I'm local. This is for real, I see. I heard everyone to complain to the station. I have no one. Imagine there's no you'll go. And I'm still alive. Imagine the shuffling this day. But you don't even survive. Imagine if you're on a bullet. Oh, I've gone away. All right. Yeah. Imagine rigots over. One little few in Canada. And you'll be turned to it. All right. Then the circumsides the band. That's it. Imagine all and in love. And you'll be turned to it. And you'll be turned to it. And you'll be turned to it. And all and in love. More to attack on US Run jail and bagged eggs. You see that? No, I did more bags. Pat, have a door with area in Iraq. Anyway, speaking of aircraft, I just mentioned this in passing before we get to the heavy UV stuff. King Abdullah of Jordan has called off a meeting with George Bush due to take place tomorrow after questioning America's commitment to the Middle East peace process are commitment to peace, right? King had been reshared for May while discussion over the West position. Take place this day and release by the World Palace. Did you notice and it got very little two things. First of all, our American soldier died yesterday, but nobody's talking about it. I'd like to find an article about it. And then you'd notice in Cosaville, the Jordanian security guard that went to H.M.T. No. The N.C.F. story over the weekend and started shooting in a couple of Americans died there and a couple of other people and then they were firing back and they hit us. But Jordanian security guard, Incosible. A peacekeeper, little bit worked up and exercise. Now they're lunatic. Anyway, Jordan has seen as a key ally for the West region. They've now spent indicates the scale of Arab and Arab pressure and pushing support for Israel's plans to keep Jewish settlements in some occupied territories while the dry from the Gaza Strip in parts of the West Bank. The announcement followed an earlier call yesterday by the political leader of Hamas and other lunatic for an Arab and Muslim coalition to be both the US and Israel. Okay. How about leaving us out of it? Okay. You guys do get out and leave us out. When in doubt leave us out please. And do it. Okay. The most important editor. I want to get a few names on this list before we happen to this heavy duty stuff today. And it was really heavy, heavy duty stuff, a save in the world from itself. We got the most important editor of the 20th century. Elvis, Frank Sinatra, John Lennon. Well, that's the reason I played that. And why don't we play that more often? I don't. I played them. Because we hate Yoko like poison. See, I know an advance and you said it before to show that John Lennon is probably going to win. He's the greatest entertainer of the 20th century. Then my name is Ishtra Bibel. Okay. I'm not buying that. I'll set you the main change for it. Well, not necessarily. You think he was a great entertainer? I mean, if you said you're a musician, now wait a minute. If you said a great musician? Yeah. A great musician. But that's not the category. I mean, we could look several more days. I think we can go weeks with this. But I want to do that. Well, but anyway, no, we could like break it down by musicians today. And we could do like, ah, I don't want to add it. Pull building for it. But I mean, entertainer to me is somebody like who puts on a great show. Right. Like Brittany. And has some talent to go along with. It would be sad just having natural attributes. Like Nick Jagger for example. Right. Right. Elvis. Correct. I guess what those suits those outfits that were way too tight. Well, you talk about June is bust and I'll all over. That man. That was good. Every single of those videos where he's like just about 200 pounds. And we're in a real tight Western outfits. You know what? Oh, nice. Watching drop over the art is bust and I'll all over. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing today, pal? Sensational. Okay. Got a suggestion for your poll? Yes. How about Sammy Davis Jr. Sammy Davis Jr. He could sing he could dance. He could act. Anyway, George. Any universal afraid to ring. Thanks, pal. No problem. See Sammy Davis Jr. Right. In fact, my favorite. What was able to use in with the French Sinatra was that they rebate was an ocean side 11. Was he in that? Possibly. I don't know. And when you turned to French Sinatra and said, Do I have my junior, honey? I thought that was kind of cute. In fact, it was the Sammy Davis Cortetta or Quintetta. He and his family, you probably don't know this. A little useless piece of trivia, but they started out appearing in doing guest appearances like I'm a young solvenge show and I was at the right, you know, variety shows. And they were like a dance group. They used to come on and do the old fat dance routine. Right. Well, he was a tab where he tapped it. He was tapping it. WQAM. Hello. But frankly, I'm an analyst. What am I? What? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That's the middle of the fraky, lemon fan. Okay. I've put them on there just for kids. Okay. It's frankly, I'm an Indian teenager. Why do fools fall in love? Huh? I remember even his other fantastic smash, which I can't think of at the moment. Goody goody. Did they also do goody goody, I believe. Goody goody goody. Or more. I get really upset about that. Max, whatever that thing is, that's the, Max, the blender. Yeah. Well, we'll get to that on through your Friday. They'll make them up. They're doing a pull of the worst hit song of all time. And their choices number one, we built this city by Starshire. We'll do our own pull later when we put, I mean, that's not a good song, but it's to say that that's the worst hit song of all time. I mean, that's like the FCC. They're just making crap up as they go along. Just pull it out of their ass. I mean, out of their, that goes. Excuse me. Sorry. WQAM. Hello. Hey, I have a suggestion for the pull. Okay. What do you got? Bob Hope. Bob Hope. There you go. Thanks for the members, Bob. Old scheme. Thanks, we are. Okay. Have a great day. She didn't know it was me. She's confused. That's all right. We do a screenless on a show. Okay. We don't want to put your eye under tremendous amount of stress. So I have enough stress soon enough once he starts doing and bedtime stories on our website. Which one of these? What? Nothing. One of these days that's going to happen whenever Eric turns the rains loose over to him. And then of course, Josh can start making a few extra bucks doing that too. But that can happen until Eric finally, let's go at a first rings or a separate rings. Whatever it is. Because you got his hands on your earphones rings again? It's a straight. Good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60, on a game team. So what do we got? We got Frankie Lyon and Sammy Davis, Jr. And Bob Hope. Thanks, Gordon. What's that Bob Hope that we got? Thanks for bearing me. And we also have the 100th birthday bit. And we got a few Bob Hopes. Thanks. Yeah. We'll play that. Anyway, it's 10, it's 10, it's 10, it's 10, it's 2, let's get out of here. No, the good news is we got a Marlon game on Thursday and very excited about it. If I sound like with the, I wasn't aware of that. Go, a little more, and I look at the schedule and I'll see you on Thursday. Free game, sure, 12, 30, game time, 105, Marlon's at the fillings. Oh, one of those Marlon's, especially when they play them big games. They're the best. Big game here tonight, man. Game seven, least in the Ottawa senators. I just want to mention this before I get to the straight later run if I have time. I'm going to say I don't want to dwell on it because nobody knows the real story. It's very bizarre. Very, all kinds of stories out there in the street, you know. Like I said in the Godfather. But CNN, this story about Mike Denton, which I never heard of Mike Denton, because I don't watch the Western Conference for a much he played hockey for the same Lewis Blues hockey player hit man in the acquaintance. And first they said it was his game. Love where they was trying to hire a hit on. And then it was something else. And now there's all kinds of stories out there. But CNN, of course, puts this story on here. So they put anything out about the Stanley Cup playoff. Oh, anything ever positive about hockey. Oh, the Todd Bertuzzi story. When you waxed Steve Moore. And then this story about this Mike Denton, they've got all kinds of airtime on CNN. And that's so typical of America. Anything bad associated with hockey. You'll see it all kinds of coverage out there. Anything good for get about it because we don't know from no hockey. Oh, my God. And whoa. This is for sure. And I saw this. And we're doing it. And. Oh. Thanks. For very, and me. Little bad jokes that I said. I eyes that turned all red. I'm on the road with being again, except this time I'm dead. Please don't. Hey. Over me. But I want to tell you. Thanks. For very, and me. That's easy old man smell. That the Lord has heard. And those lows you showed that I did that. But half of the blue hotel was to do that. And I want to go. And I want to go. Have you said that in a long time, either? 1046 and 560 WQM. I don't know who the most important entertainer of the 20th century was. But it sure isn't anybody who haven't lost yet. Right. Do you think? No. No. Not even close. Anyway, now somebody faces makes a very good point. Important entertainer is an oxy moron. And I think you're right. Yeah. Just relatively speaking. If it's one of your relives. And if not, by wrong. Well, speaking of Oklahoma City because there isn't candy out of you. And see, and certainly not news network. All the way like so isn't a lot. She's great. But the network sucks. See, and blows. Oklahoma City bombing was taken. Remember I said yesterday that the whole thing would. Terrenacles. Yeah. Is being investigated. His connections in the Philippines. And then he might have had alkada connections. They might have had some help. And his plot. A secret service document written shortly after the 95 Oklahoma City bombing described Security video footage of the attack and witness testimony suggested that Timothy McVay may have had accomplices at the scene. Sure. Security video tapes from the area show the truck detonation three minutes and six seconds after the suspects exited the truck. The secret service reported six days after the attack on a log of agent activities and the occult investigation. The government has insisted McVay drove the truck himself and had never had any video of the bombing or the scene of the Alfred P. Moral building of the men's before the 19th, 95 explosion. Several investigators in prosecute is a work of case will be a P. They have never seen video footage like that described in the secret service log. But. It says the document, if actually it is either significant evidence kept secret for nine years or a misconstrued recounting investigative leads that were often passed by word of mouth during hectic days after the attack. It's a blast. Anyway, you make up your own mind, okay? You come up in your own brain with some kind of conspiracy theory. 5 6 7 0 5 6. They just like that. Thanks. You just send me about the missile coming from the plane. Oh yeah. Always worried about that when I'm flying a commercial fight. They're some of the missiles are going to fall out when you eat six. Or the hand grenades. Some of my missiles might be falling out. Especially if you eat the food on the plane. How many QN hello? Love there. How many QN hello? I know. Yes sir. Yes. You're talking about the entertainers? Yes. Some young. Some young is a good choice for a question for all these good. I'm telling you man. I'm 35 years old. I remember my parents playing with records. And I took one mother like four years ago to see him here at the Manivitch Convention Service. Right. He can still perform. He can still have the voice. He doesn't have the mood but he still has the voice. Yeah actually what he does now is he stands on place in the swings. His hip just a little bit because he's about 100 years old. He's great. Yeah. What's in your pussycat? Thanks a lot, Hauer. Okay. I like it. You see that this is how it goes. Right. Now what's the name of the song? 6-1. Remember that? 4-2. I got no problem. I got no problem. I don't know. No problem. I have his greatest hits over here. Yeah. I wouldn't say he's the greatest entertainer. But we're certainly putting on the list. He's certainly better than some of the lists. I mean people get down there already. Like frankly, Lyman. Man. 5-6-7-0-5-6-D. Count five-6-D on the AT&T. What about Marlon Brando? Right. I was thinking Marlon but I wanted somebody else to say it. I just said it. What about Marlon Brando? Get him on there. Now. That's that. That's a freaky luck man guy. Obsessive. I bet he's got a freaky lineman blow up, though. Yes. I think. WDQA and hello. Hey. You know, I'm not a fan but what about Wayne Newton? He's a big entertainer guy. Yeah. It's funny you mentioned that because I was watching. Where the hell did I see it? Oh, he was on some show yesterday. It was how immediately turned it off. But he was on some panel talking about who knows what. Oh, I know what's from baby. So it was crossfire. Yeah. As soon as they said Wayne Newton was coming on, I showed it off. And I thought to myself, remember Hank a long time ago and telling about what a great show he puts on and Vegas and picking of myself, you know, the Humber must have been drinking too many cool days or something out there. I hear you. I guess I'm so timing to I feel it's that it? Yeah. That's him. Not. This is Wayne Newton. Does it turn? Does it? Does it? The second sounds are like Wayne to me. So I see myself. All right. Wayne, what they have is the best way to do that. It's a little bit of a doubt to say with Wayne Newton. Don, good Jane. Talk to you. It's a brutal. But anyway, put them on there because their people think he's a great performer. My question is this and I've never been able to get a sad story answer. If you don't like somebody's work, how can you believe that they put on a great show? For example, I love Luis Miguel. I've seen him in college for three times and he puts on a great show. But if I didn't like this singing, I can't imagine going first of all I can imagine going number one. But number two, I can't imagine saying, man, he put on my whole of a show. I can do it again. If Brittany sounded like Jenna's job, who I hate, right? I would still say, boy, she puts on a great show. Different category. Okay. Different category. Well, that's the only way. That's the answer. I see. Well, I saw my checkway Newton wasn't too hot, you know? He didn't even look warm. And he's talking to us, too. I can't stand guys with our friends. Josh there's sitting across from your start to do that. So talking to us, too, too, too. I don't remember that. And the see, you're not doing it right now. Being a started like that, so talk with like, we're like putting on a broadcast voice. Huh? Talking to us, too. Talking to us, too. Talk to us. That's what we're new today. He talks to us, too. He ain't just standing there. He's standing with a pony. Maybe that's the hide. I don't know how high those runaway. S is that way you might have, you know? I think we said that. That's bad. He's a happily married guy or buzzer. 560560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, and see it Verizon wireless line. WQAM, hello. See you, your crew, baby. See you, your crew. See you, your crew. See you, your crew. See you, your crew. See you, your crew. See you, your crew. She is doing it, man. I wonder where we are. We're all cruising in the air. Good now. And that'll be number nine. Well, the light. I would've been able to do it in the morning. Where the tomorrow. Where the tomorrow. Ever see here together with a two-po-comber, slowly-person. But we do the other best entertainer of the 19th century. We can do it on there, too. And the 18th. Right. And the 17th. WQAM, hello. Good morning, you. Good morning, too, sir. I'd like to put the great one on and my name. WQAM, hello. Hi, I'm Kobiohel, are you? Pretty good. My voice for Elton, John M.N. Can put on a shell boy. Excellent choice. You can't wait for a lot of the outrageousness that we see today. You know, I'm stage. So I was my code is definitely for him. Great. I'm sending you to us. And my vote for the worst on the world season's in the sun. All of that's a good one. The worst on end. You started my list. Okay, thanks. Have a great day. Bye, bye. Thanks. I always want to be a presser. First of all, we just marked that down on here. I don't want to do that today because we're looking to say the same thing for all we can. But that's a good suggestion. I just wrote it on the, let's see, that didn't even make the top 10 in the maximum Blender pool. See how they are. I like to pop that thing into Blender and tell you, Jack's along with it. We built a city by Starship was the all-time worst they say. Followed by achy, breaky, heart, Billy Ray Cyrus, who has genetically challenged. Everybody have funded my Wayne Chung. Well, I thought played first base for the, oh, that's right. That's chop sui plays first base for the Marlins, right? The Marlins have got a kidney chop sui plays first base. And then the Cleveland Indians have got to give me in Cocoa Christ. Am I right, Josh? Yeah, I'm just kidding about chop sui. But they've got a Cocoa Christ bunny Indians, right? Yeah. That is his name. So our musical question that it is is Cocoa Christ. So you put the bill, get it? Roland, let this get number four. Ice ice baby vanilla ice number five. Heart or rocket roll, he would listen to the news number six. Don't worry, be happy. Bumming from a fair and should be much heard in that. That is nauseating. I don't ever forget when Channel 4, which is now Channel 6, they're in that ad camp at a promo campaign. But as a, ah, man, just puk inducing. Autofill, ah. Hardy all the time by the obnoxious 80 Murphy's number eight. American Lifetime Adana, followed by number 10, rounding out the top 10, Ebony and I repay public carding in Stevie Wonder. A real piece of record there ever was one. Cibdi QA and hello. Yes sir. Hey, you doing I got one for the poll. All right. Uh, about Ronald Reagan, good American actor, ended up being president. Okay. I've also got one for you as far as the terrible songs. But the worst, that's the worst. You betel and the new bell heans that woulder hands, who's who they am or is horrible. What is it that song? It was what I am. He betel it's terrible if you look at it. I can tell what you be, but that we can't see it on the anymore. Okay. Okay. That's what we're doing there. And I'm a great day here. Good show. Back to you. We're doing two for one second today. Right? They're putting stuff on both. Okay. What are we care, all right? Right. If we can just make it till two o'clock and still be alive, it's a good day for us, especially me. We're going to be so far. And you know what you do with two o'clock, don't you? Why don't I do? What are you doing? Okay. Go to lunch, George. I'm going to catch the vote on here and see how this thing is hanging. Okay. I'm going to vote for Alan John just because us queens got us to get together. Vote for Marley. Yeah. Vote for Marley and Brando. He's okay, my book. Oh, I'll like I said if you're going to vote for somebody who like gets it all around. Marley. He certainly in that category. Elvis 17, Bob Hope 15, John 15, Frank Sinatra 5, Sammy Davis, June 3, Frankie Lyme has got a pair. Oh, is he dead, Frankie Lyme? And do we know that? I'm praying for his death. I can check out. Tom Jones won. Elton John's got one which is mine. Marley and Brando don't have any egg. You better get with it. And we knew Vince Celia Cruz is on there. Poor Celia. She's going to do well with your people. She's very big. I mean, your people. I mean, how did he grade entertain his brother? Does he aren't as right? Caesar Romero. He seemed at Cruz. And he got to see him. For extension. He's my normal. He's six. Five. Six. Two. Two. Two. Two. Michael, my whole friend got with you. He's back. My back. He's now. Elton John hasn't been able to get out of the studio. He's back there again with his pair dropping like why, Delva. A tribute to John Denver. You're here at Classic Pine Dying in a Prop plane. Goodbye, Rocky Mountain Road. And Elton John can help you with the studio to record of our tribute ritual. That's why we're looking for goodbye after the R. And I can't know what the Cremway. I'm sure you can jump up, Stalin. Elton John's tribute album. They're dropping like flies on sale now. 11.560. Wobby, if you haven't got the man dog at two, they humpered the Hebrew hammer at four. So, six, 30. Six, 30 got the Marlon on deck free game. Show us seven or five Marlon's of the Philadelphia Felicia. The Marlon's trotted like right to sinking ship. I mean get back on track. And he can't do the baseball game. God made me do it. Article by Robert Dreyfus. No relation to Richard by the way. I don't like Richard Dreyfus at all. Robert Dreyfus, though I like a lot. He's a freelance writer based in Alexandria Virginia. He was specialized in politics and national security issues. He currently is working on a book about America's policy for political Islam over the past 30 years. Stop turning man! Is there any God? If you read the gospel according to Woodward, it's clear that the present seems to think so. A few months ago, I wrote a profile of a Reverend Tim La Heif Rolling Stone. La Heifus, the author of Left Behind, the bestselling series of books on the end of the world. A height, height, up version of the alleged biblical prophecies that predict that Jesus Christ will return to earth after a climactic battle between God and Satan at Armageddon. Satan, of course, happens to set up his headquarters in Babylon. Just south of where Baghdad is today. La Heifus is a high influential organizer of the Christian right. He founded the moral majority in the secret of Council on National Policy, and he helped to elect a bush by swinging skeptical Christian rightly because behind him in 2000. La Heifus fundamentalist lock often equated Sodom of the anti-Christ, literally, not figuratively. And Rolling Stone, I specterly did that La Heifus weird beliefs. Light of influence to presently board again Christian was decision to go to war and Iraq seems to have been directed as much as Satan is against Sodom, maybe I was right. Yesterday in the Washington Post and on 16 minutes Bob Woodward presented a terrifying picture of a president of Cest, Bush demonized Sodom, creating a minicky in the world in which America was a God inspired nation, confiding the Vyels above blood hell of Iraq. It's not clear whether Bush believed like La Heifus and the necessity of a climactic struggle with Satan's legions from Babylon, but the President's crusade had all the same fervor. Apparently he talked to the wrong father, reports Woodward on and 16 minutes. Did Mr. Bush ask his father for any advice? I asked the President about this and President Bush said, well no, and then he got to fence about it says Woodward, that he said something like that really struck me. He said of his father, he is the wrong father to appeal to for advice, the wrong father to go to appeal to in terms of strength, and then he said there's a higher father than I appeal to. Perhaps Bush believes that he has a pipeline to God, that he can ask God for advice about which wars to launch, by all accounts over his real father, the earthly will not the imaginary one in the sky, was against the war. Perhaps Bush makes up God and Dick Cheney. Woodward makes it sturlingly clear that Cheney was a driving force behind the Iraq misadventure, but for Bush war in Iraq wasn't Cheney's will it was God's will. Going into this period I was praying for strength to do the Lord's will, I'm sure I'm not going to justify the war based on God, nevertheless in my case I pray that I be a good a messier of his will is possible, and then of course I pray for personal strength and forgiveness. Says Woodward's assembly of Bush, he's not intellectual. He's not, but Woodward makes clear that Bush's perfect man-kid bowl of disguising is Godly work, from people who disagree, since his colon pal who wasn't told of the decision to go to war even after war planning was run underway, and two days after Prince Bonbar got the abreafing. And then there's this low bore on Iraq until the day before Thanksgiving November 21, 2001. This is 72 days after 9.11. This is part of this secret history, President and Post-actor National Security Council meeting on the ground, and he's done a long time ago to decide, Coliseum physically and takes it into the little cubby hole room and closes the door and says, what have you gotten in terms of plans for Iraq? What is the status of the war plan? I want you to get it on, I want you to keep it secret. There's lots more in the book, I think it ought to be required reading for anyone finding the cast of vote November, but at least 11 more Americans killed this weekend with well over a thousand of Mackey's killed since April 1, with U.S. troops poisoned by salsa and a joff and paludia, but the rest is coming in counsel crumbling and fast, and with civil war looming in Iraq, and with a growing possibility that the crisis in America is filled over to Iran and Syria too, Americans are asking, how did we get stuck in this mess? Look what is answered at question bitter that anyone else so far, right? Robert Treifus. So there you go, and here we are, right? Eighties. Also, somebody. All Israel, just another guy, all of them, but that's not in a book. Anyway, Secretary of State Colombe, Paul, other administration officials yesterday, to clarify questions raised in Bob Woodward's provocative news account, of that march to join Iraq, a book that nevertheless appears to have earned the White House silver approval. In an interview yesterday in which he disputed suggestions by Woodward that he was out of loop and dragged wounded and supporting President Bush on the war, it was dragged wound. Paul confirmed that the White House had told administration officials to cooperate with Woodward's China-Betak book. We all talked to Woodward, who was part of our instructions from the White House policy, which an opportunity to help him write a contemporary history of this period. Just don't believe the parts we don't like. Unlike the hostile treatment recorded recent tell-all tomes from former Secretary Treasury, Paul O'Neill, and counterterrorism advisor Richard Clark, Woodward's book received a generally positive reception at the White House, the President's campaign website even listed the book as suggested reading, providing a direct-line corridor of copy from Amazon.com. So, via it, read it, just don't impact what they'll probably do is exercise the parts they don't like. We have about making the oil deal things like that, and about diverting the 7-hermen in dollars from Afghanistan to Iraq, taking all of these things. You don't know just the part of these things. Just delete those from the copy you get. This is the way they'll do it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and rise to wireless line, the most important entertainer of the 20th century is or was. WDQN, hello. This is foreign, please. WQN, hello. Not there. QN, hello. I don't know the name of this song, but if I can say a few minutes. No, no, we're after one song, so that's the problem. I don't want you to sing and come on. Oh man, he was gonna not take the name of our songs to at least Thursday when we do the other thing. Okay, let's take one at a time. This business is trying to do two polls at once. One back in the day, I had a great time for that. That no more. Hmm. Even Kathy Willis wouldn't try this challenge. See, that's about as close as I can come to see and something kind of like QC, like that. Right. WQN, hello. I mean, how my world is for the gay gay women? WQN, hello. Deal. Yes sir. Hey. How about Jackie Gleason? Jackie Gleason is magnificent. How come so many of these people are dead? Oh. Because we have a lot of people. No, seriously, let's see. Elvis, I'm looking at on the list. Elvis, John's a lie. Marlon Brando's a lie, well, I don't think for too long if he keeps eating sandwiches. Ronald Reagan as well. That's a little bit story. Tom Joe's a lot of new. There's a few living souls on there. Right? Right. That's like, you know, that old astounded thing. See back in the day, things used to be so much better. The entertainers were better. The hotels were better. Life was better. Back in the day. WQN, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes sir. I think the greatest and greatest entertainer for the centuries got to be the bush family. I mean, those guys can chat. WQN, hello. You got to tell me what's up because that was pretty dang entertaining for a while. Yeah, especially when what's his name was in the closet, Jeff. Well, I don't know about that. I've been out for like her career kind of got started. I'm sure the script was doing shaving shows. So I was going to change. Yeah. All right. Thank you. Adam, sure. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, man. These people are the best. Make no mistake about it. These are the brightest and the best in South Florida. And that's the problem. WQN, hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Pretty good. First of all, I just want to thank you on the act. I lost 30 pounds and I skipped it off for like three months. But thirdly. Excellent. Good job. Yeah. Also. So we signed walks so, man. For the full. I say Johnny Carson. Johnny Carson. How come nobody else mentioned him yet? I was sad out of mind. Not like him though. He was pretty cool. I like the guy. He was okay. I like that. I like that. Exactly. Ed McMan. Thanks a lot, Charlie. You know, in retrospect, Johnny Carson started to see me a lot better when you got that Jay Leno on there. Oh, he's so bad. He is so weak. He's so lame. He's just pathetic. But basically whoever inherits that show, it seems he's got a built-in audience. Right. It's a day and thing. And then you got your letterman who's still throwing the pencil through the window. You know, I just, and the stupid dog tricks. I don't know. I mean, I don't stay up that late anyway, but if I did, I'd be watching like some movie. I'm one of my nifty cable channels here that I'm always beat you over the head about. Right. Like for example, what we got on our Friday the 13th of series is on screen. He also tell us on drive in channel. I know they're going to say something bad. I'm not going to put that on. Northern film exposure. I mean, it's just all kinds of really, what is this? This, this, this thing. What kind of a word is that? This thing? Oh, destiny to order. Order. Or. Have you ever seen that? No. Let me just one second. Oh, I thought they might say something nobody to go to. I'm not putting that on. But anyway, that's, that's what you more like I would watch. I would not be watching J. Leno. God forbid. Under any circumstances, I wouldn't care if it was guessed where I had. It just, I would have even crossed my mind to turn that crap on. There's a better chance I would watch the apprentice than J. Leno. I'd rather be dead than watch Donald Trump. Oh, you don't understand. You let's a hottest thing go. See, when somebody says that's the hottest thing going, immediately, raise in the other direction. Okay. I'm done. I'm done. WQA. Hello. OK. Yeah, right. WQA. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, it's the largest show. Yes, it is. Okay, good. I want to just give the name. So call. Go ahead and speak me, don't. Oh, no. It really? This sounds like a name. No, I don't. Well, if you don't sound like me, then if I'm lying, I'm dying, you know what I'm saying? How about if I say? I have no line. How's that? All right. Name for the Paul. Who? Topo Gio. Topo Gio. When he ended their song and showed me that out of here. Ha ha ha ha. It is funny. Well, if he is only funny, if you're not far like that guy and I get it. And book a brand. Do you really? Sure. I saw the show. Who? I saw those old reruns. And senior wens is used to be on her, which he was great. Did you see that? I saw that. And in fact, he long before Brad Pitt ever said it, that was in the box. Who was doing the same thing? WQN. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Tell him to name for your Paul. All right. Neil Diamond. Neil Diamond. Another, okay. Thank you. He's still alive though. The religion is on my mind. Well, I've said it. It's funny. It's century. It must have been some bad entertainers in the, you know? Right. Other shows. Well, I voted for Alton John. I make no apologies for it. I'm not saying he was the best. But of the people we have on our list. I mean, what's not to like. What about Stephen Tyler? What about it? Well, let me just answer on myself. Here's Stephen Tyler. Nick Jagger. Right. Right. Just puts in people on who are great entertainers. Great performers. Not just, uh, stiff. I mean, somebody's probably going to say per week. Almost, you know. They have to do it. They have to like take up pulse on him every time before he finished the song. Like I did on the CTV. I can never, well, never forget that as long as I look. The moment he was like in the hospital bed attached with the tubes to his nose and like with the respirator and singing in the hospital, you saw that. And finally, when it goes round and I mean, more talk about, I mean, we've done that pull before. But that's the one that keeps coming to my mind. The worst entertainers of the 20th century. The worst pathetic, untalented people photo that one. There you go. Excellent. Perfect. It's still running around in the woods with blood, with dead dead. Up to in Del Rey or wherever was. Uh, Dean Martin. There's another one. Conceing as well. A paper sack. He just moves the song. Right. Turn to me. That. Yeah. There's a such a humongous difference between somebody who really can sing or act or be a real entertainer. As opposed to somebody who's just like a, a state of mind. Yeah, I'll kind of like the rascal house of entertainment. Like we Newton. Maybe that's why Hank likes way new. I don't want to pick on the Humper because he's great. But I mean, the way Newton puts on a great show. Oh man. 1113 at 5.60, WQA made if your mattress is a piece of craftman. If it's worn out if it's had it, time to get to a new one. Make one easy call. That's all you have to do. I've been doing that for a long time. Call dial a mattress. 1 800 mattress. They back up everything they tell you in their advertising. 100%. They're competitors still lie like crazy like red read. So be sure and read the fine print. Here's an example. In big print, the ads scream out. No down payment. No interest. No payments for 24 months. You know, president Eisenhower used to say, Interest. Do you want to know why? Why he was ignited. He was illiterate. No down payment. And when first no payments for 24 months. That's a big headline. But the tiny print of the bottom of those ads reads like an encyclopedia of this claimers requires a minimum purchase higher than the advertised sell price. Many times not a single advertised item would qualify for finance. Emptured interest penalties 21% or forget about that. Dial on my presides have no tiny print. No disfamers. They don't have to lie to get your business because they got an unbeatable deal. When you call 1 800 mattress or discover there's never enough to charge for same data delivery, they take same data orders all day long from Kimballist Stewart, Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And when you call that tool free number, 1 800 mattress, you'll pick the date into our liver window you want your mattress delivered and they shrub when you want. It's a Messiah. All right. Now when you'll see for yourself, I 1 800 mattress is ranked number 1 an overall customer satisfaction in the universe. And dial on mattress reminds you to read that fine print in any ads because they want you to know exactly what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them. Soon with a smart thing like we all been doing for a long time. Give them a call at 1 800 mattress or log on to mattress.com dial on mattress 1 800 MATTR ES. The honest way to buy you a great new bed. Yes. The bathroom. What's been going on? Six in four snakes is the American. Oh, God. Hey, it's cake. Yeah. Okay. We'll get luck with that. And while you're on strike, what are you going to do with it? I'm bringing Michael Jackson home to stay with us for a few days. We Michael Jackson. You're a little bit. Now, they sure we have plenty of cold touch and put some beer on it. This is what Michael Jackson is trying to do. No, it's like an electrical outlet. If you know it starts feeding, it means you're picking it too much. Michael Jackson's work. Yeah, I love you, man. That's what the real needs are. More love, more. Danielle, these touching my special area. No, you must. Hey, go ahead. Okay. I'm sorry, but I'm not going to give you a shout-out. That's as wicked as that. Actually, what's home, or would you see Janet Jackson and Letterman? Ooh, please. All right. You're almost in your right. 119 is 560WQM the most important energy of the 20th century. I don't think we even come close to fighting it yet. Here, here, here, here, here. Have we? We're searching, man. We're searching on it. I think I'll wait till about the noon hour to play that thing from the piece. Laura Kim last night. With Prince Bandar, who said 560560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. How do you do you do? Hello. Yes. I had a nomination for the greatest entertainer. Yes, sir? Yes. Bing Crosby. Wow. I now have us some reasons why 173 weeks, 3.5 years of number 1, 383 top 30 hits. Made a Academy Awards, acted in over 100 movies, and he was 27 weeks consecutive in the number 1 slot in America. Shocking. Yeah. I mean, he's not my favorite, but I mean, in terms of influential. He was very... He was a success. He was a famous partner. I said he was big. Yeah, he was huge. I mean, it melts down. It's literally triple to quadruple what Elvis did in terms of the number of songs. All he's shocking, isn't it? Most talented, I would say, would be Duke Ellison in terms of great performers. They're not so important, though. Yeah. Well, I mean, he was arguably by far the most influential. Okay. Thanks a lot. He could have gone on forever. What was he saying? The Duke of Earl? Do you have a convertible? Do you have a convertible? Do you? Do anyone? Duke of Hazard. I think he was a Duke bag. Oh, I just came up with that's good. Don't be a Duke bag. Thank you, sir. Like I said, that was a great call. Thank you so much. See how you're following him. So buckle her crap every now and then. That was excellent. Don't be a Duke bag. Oh, brother. Now we got like Anne Hole and we got Duke bag. Every day we got to come up with one new word that the cancer comes chase after us for yet. Come to QA and hello. Yeah, I got a look for my grandfather. How about a, I love Lucy. Daisy, are you Lucy? Lucy, please. Lucy, I'll ball. Okay. Thank you. Who's going to say, Lucy, I'll ball. I'll treasure. Put them over to your people. Lucy, I'll ball. Absolutely, right? See, she might have been it. See, I'm thinking like that era. What about Sid Seaser? What about him? For a minute, your show of show. Right. Sid Seaser was great. A little bit on the nervous side. I see you can nervous watching him, man. A little, uh, hyper. But he was great. But that era again, like the 50s and 60s TV people. Like Red Skeleton. Ha ha. Do you know what Red Skeleton on there? Cadblast. Cadblast. Ooh. He was okay. See, back in the day, when all that stuff was on, you didn't really have a lot of choices. Now, Sunday night, you had a choice because you had Ed Sullivan against the steam, Alan show. What about steam, Alan? Steve, Alan. Steve, Alan. This is an I show. Don't start using your personal grudges, because he ended in an old funny dirty. I can't separate him. I'll ball you have to. For purposes of this important pool. You have to separate your personal emotions about what a clown he became. At the end, he was great. You just aren't old enough to remember. He was great. And suddenly, he said, I happen to him, you know. I mean, unlike Reagan, who was something happened to him, but he was never great. But that's beside the point. What about, uh, hop along Cassidy, where you employed? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And what do you got on there? What do we just did? Where you, uh, not winning boys. Steve Alan. See, he'll put what you've got on there. He's out. Well, I don't want William Boyd on there. He was for the boys, okay? I got one. I wouldn't, I wanted director being entertainer, I guess. Whereby after his cock? Absolutely. Look at all the tremendous number of movies that he directed. I mean, I got a cycle in North by Northwest and stranger on a train. And, uh, we really don't know. But we can't say rear. Back to window. Just, the birds, speaking of the birds. After his cock got him. We got him. You sure? No. Now he's, well, I'll say that's what I'm worried about. He's fallen a little bit. He's going too fast. He's good. He's straight. I was just saying that. Fife six, seven, oh, five, six, six. Well, somebody has to be besides George and who else we got. Well, I'm not too sure about some of this building. Yeah. WCWM, hello. We got freaky Carlos. QM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. That gets great. On SETV on that curry colo bit. Yeah. Flying flat on its face on the stage more. Thing in the BG. Stay alive. Ha ha ha ha. One of my all-time favorite. It was great. If you're going to put Johnny Carson on that list, how about Steve Allen just to be fair? I think we just got two scenes Steve Allen. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm fine. Okay. I just said we got him from you. It was psychic. Okay. Cool. And don't forget the psychic. Well, his psychic. Well, yeah. See, five six, seven, oh, five, sixty, five, sixty, five, eighty, eighty, and Verizon Wireless Line. I want to let out a big screen, but I better not. I don't want to work. Come on. I don't want to. Book of Bright says Jack Benny. Jack Benny. Oh yeah. Now he's eating Jack Benny or Greg Green. Oh. Because they both seem to sound as saying it. He played by Greg Green. I see. Okay. Jack Benny. There were rumors about him too in his life mirror. Livingston. But that's back in the day. Nobody would talk about such things. They wouldn't think it was their own private business. The most important entertainer of the 20th century, Elvis 51. I'm very surprised because this is kind of an indivolent about Elvis crowd. We discovered throughout polls. They can take them or leave them. John 1135, Bob Hope 31, Frank Sinatra 16, CDacruz 15, oh go, CDacruz. Elton, John 10, Semidavis, Junior 9, Johnny Carson 6, Ronald Reagan 5. Takes a certain degree to person of Ophoridey, Reagan. You know what? Certain, I'm not going to prime. Yeah. Marlon Brando 3, Frankie Lyman 3, Jack Eglison 2. Who used to sit right there up against the glass and a friend went to the clubhouse of Pompano Park. I wanted to be less alone. Nick Jagger 1, Tom Jones is got one. Wayne Newton's got one, but most people don't believe it. And Steve Allen's just one, honor he got one. Steve Tyler got one. None yet zero for Neil Diamond. Do we put Nick Jagger on or not? Yeah. Could I just read it? Oh yeah, he's got one. No votes for Neil Diamond since these are being crossed. We Steve Allen, Jack. But he was stoutin' they just went on there. 26 past 11. This is, uh, I don't know. I mean, it'll be inconclusive when we get through them. We will have to do it again until we get it right. Right. Hold for one. Just to piss off the whisperer out there. His part. Jesus. Jesus. I'm starting actually enjoying him in kind of a perverse way now. I think he was complaining about that other stuff that you were starting to show in. What was that? Well, he's just complaining about anything that we do. You, you, you, you, you don't, not getting it. You better start getting with it. Start reviewing the tapes. Okay. 26 after 11 at 5. 60. W W Q M. Nobody wants to talk about cancer or heart disease. Any of these horrible things that can happen. But we're all vulnerable man. Nobody is the Superman. It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment. If you're find it early, that's why I'm so excited to tell you about. Hollywood, diagnostic center in Hollywood. They're proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy, which is so much less and truce of the meat traditional. See most people are terrified of going in for any of these exams even though we know we've got to do them. Because most of them are really very invasive and are kind of a pain in the, well, you know. Cornerary, heart scoring, full body screening exams that can detect cancer, all sorts of things like threatening diseases. And their early stages before it's too late. And a doctor's before it was even needed. I was there last week and believed you meet when I walked out of there, which is a miracle to me because when you're fat, out of shape and will start to cry out of it all my life. And they look inside it, the thing that I find most amazing is that that you take an virtual tour down through your body. For like the lungs, you actually go inside the lungs. Yeah, seriously. They look right down in there. And then you go to you check out your colon and your, all of these things. You're tankry is all the stuff. Anyway, for our imaging news, it's called Hollywood Diagnostic Center. Like I could tell you, it could be a life-saving call if you do it soon. Call 9-5-4-9663600 for a test that can give you and your family an incredible peace of mind. And Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they are frustrated. They are imaging equipment. They got it all. They have open MRI. High-speed cats can look their medicine and much, much more than amazing place. Hollywood Diagnostic Center has been serving South Florida for over 20 years. And it facilitates a complete mobile diagnosis service that can come right to you. For example, George, if your mother should break a leg, they can come right to her and check it all out. They don't have to hurry or nothing. If you should break her neck or something like that, call Hollywood Diagnostic Center for your imaging exam today. Very serious. I could be the most important call you make could be a very serious life-saving call if you get something in time. Like I said, if not, you got great peace of mind. Call 9-5-4-9663600. The backtrickets of cute seducers or it's used. You know I've been dead long time. I'm looking forward to seeing my old friend Bob Hope, a person who he'd love it. They've got the beard to great beyond, you know. And all the crispest is your fine. Oh hey, it's my old friend Sam and David Stewart. Hey, Sam, where are you looking at the time? You know, most my kids can be the suicide because they said it wasn't a piece of father. Well, I'm glad they're all up in now because it's weapon time. Yet, remember, bells. Oh, what'd you like to swing on a star? Me, your kids heads with the crowbar. Oh, God, go, God, T-Time and 20 minutes. Number 32, 28-2-0, he's another one, couldn't sing his way out of a paper sack. Remember, two love with the Grace Kelly and Bing Cross me. Remember the movie and the, well, what was the movie was that? The movie was also? I've definitely avoided Bing Cross the movies. And what about high society? Well, anyway, I don't. Yeah, but Grace Kelly wasn't it? Yeah. You love Grace Kelly? I love her, but what about in rear window would Jimmy Stewart? She was a beautiful lady. How about Jimmy Stewart? How about Jimmy Stewart? I mean, I wouldn't say that he's the greatest entertainer, but he sure of all the people in movies. He has been told us about some of these tests. I mean, somebody said that people were getting on here. Make some of these stories. Sorry, George. Right? I mean, he and Catherine Hecker were a pretty tight. Where'd I go? Where'd I go? How? Where's that? From Andy Malphus Sound of Jimmy Stewart. Oh, we better not do that. Oh, that's right. Just all done, maybe we can't play that in a little more either. Because it's a sexual activity, at least it sounds like it. Come. What's this? I don't remember how pretty it was. Yeah, just remember how pretty it was. Really hysterical. Fuck, fuck. Yeah. Santa Barbara Police reports in exclusively by ABC News outlining allegations. Popster Michael Jackson's alleged victim in his brother-made of was psychologists. The psychologist and cats interviewed the alleged victim in his younger brother through question to families lawyer according to the report. The boys' brother told cats that not only did Jackson serve the boys' booze, but on least two occasions, Jackson's alleged victims passed out. ABC News has learned. Well, that's when it gets even better when it passed out. The reports as the alleged victim's younger brother told cats he saw Jackson's such as brother, a 12-year-old cancer patient inappropriately when he was passed out. Jackson was certainly sober. We know that. We know this. We know that. Because the alleged victim's younger brother was only nine years old as the time his age could pose a problem for the prosecution, the defense would be in a very strong position to cross examine under by the testimony of a nine-year-old child said Linda Ferrisstein, a sex crime prosecutor, another yet-sounding name. Was the first one? Stan Kets and Linda Ferrisstein, you see, a pattern here? Kets also told Santa Barbara Police that the boys told him Jackson once did not have a naked for a moment as they were watching TV. He was letting all hang out. According to the report, the alleged victim also told Kets that Jackson gave him a laptop computer and surf the internet with him for pictures of naked women. And according to the boys, Jackson said if anyone should ask what they were doing, you could say they were watching the Simpson. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. No. How do you like that for an excuse huh? Let's play guys. Don't worry, there's watching the the Simpson's. Interferessia company of men. Okay, don't. The younger brother also alleges that Jackson played with a mannequin of an eight or nine-year-old girl in a sexually-successive manner in front of the boys. If that's something, just a little more than an inch you're able to defy, all right? I don't think you're going to convict him enough. I do. You do? Well, just hope it. Anyway, got some bad news. In fact, I don't know what CNN is prading these pool members around there again. It goes to show you the American people, though, ever underestimate these stupidity. A New American public because no matter how much crap comes up, no matter how we find out that bushes lied and lied and lied through his teeth. It didn't make any difference. I'm going to say it again. I was telling them up, mice, or before to show this morning got in the kind of a pseudo-inlectual conversation about politics and stuff in the American people. Look at that map. Look at that electoral map of 2000. You know the momentary story election. Take a look at the blue states at a red states. When you look around the edges, the periphery of the country. California or a god of Washington on a west coast. And then you look at an east coast. You got New England, New York, Pennsylvania, maybe a little bit of a west Michigan, or a little bit of a north-west Michigan, and then like Maryland, Delaware, and then at that point, you can like chop it all off. You want to say? Because people with a brain in those areas in the rest of this country is basically Mugwamville, including most of Florida, including like I said, all of, I mean, most of Florida. Right? Mugwam's. Yeah, red necks. On educated Yahoo's. Mugwam's. Mr. Sippy. Alabama. Louisiana. Texas. Oklahoma. Indiana. Oh, what is it? Iowa. Nebraska. Utah. Wyoming. That'd be anybody out north of Coda, south of Coda. North Carolina, south Carolina. Georgia. Kentucky. Tennessee. This is Mugwamville. I mean, a collective issue of all of those states put together. I'm turning man. Right. That's my best estimate. My best guess. When you say? So I'm like a compliment. Anyway, here's the bed. And it was President Bush's lead over the crack. Well, of course, Kerry's got plenty of baggage from himself. He's, I don't know. He scares me. Been so weak lately. Just weak. You know, first of all, on the vacation, then they came back and it's been downhill from there. President Bush's lead over John Kerry's widened a bit in the latest USA. And they see it in Gallup. Hold a spite to waste it a Madonna by a deteriorating security situation in Iraq and criticism of his administration's handling of the tourism 3,4911. The survey taken Friday through Sunday. This past weekend shows Bush leading Kerry 51 to 46 percent among likely voters. Slightly wider than the 3.0 in early April. The shifts were in the, that's with an F. The shifts were in the margin of air plus minus 4 points of the sample. The president's job approval rating was steady 52 percent. English in both parties say the lack of movement of discourse, how polarized the electorate is. 7 months before election day, they say most people's minds are made up. I don't think anything boring a major calamity or some sort will have much of an impact between our November independent poster Arab John and Zabby says. The nation has split down the middle. The new Zabby international pool taken over the weekend, so Kerry ahead. 47 to 44 percent virtually unchanged from early April. Bush has strunged advantage over Kerry's handling terrorism by 2 to 1. Those survey take only Bush would do a good job handling terrorism. I nearly as much, 40 to 26 percent, they say only Bush would do a good job handling Iraq. Oh, he's not a beautiful job so far. Oh my god, how can you top this? Not when he asked him at the press conference. Well, who we're going to be handing Iraq over to? Is that somebody? Anybody wants to take the keys? Well, here you go. It's just so we can get out. By 40 to 26 percent, they say Bush would do a better job handling Iraq than Kerry. But Kerry holds the advantage when comes to the economy. 36 to about 30 percent, but to say only Kerry would do a good job handling economy. And it's just a trial of France. Because it's usual or faced with two political parties that are non-responsive to the public, two political candidates for our week at best in competent ed wars, and it's set of in so on. I say Michael Moore for prison. Jesse Ventura for prison. I'm sorry. What if somebody was to balls? What if taken? Michael Moore for prison. And Jesse Ventura for the old VP. And then you'll see them wrestle with their conscience. Catch my drift. Yeah, I got it. Catch this. How's air recingo time? Where do these people come from? Even I'm as was still meant to may as they were. Remember we were, listen a little bit, then, did man? Mm-hmm. And he had a good point. Where do these people come from? The Jimmy Carter's of the world? The Gerald Ford's of the world? The Dick Nixon's of the world? The George W. And by the way, the thing about he talked to the wrong, that line would bubble or Right. Splutter shot that was a daddy. Because back in the election in 88, the wind factor was supposed to cost him the election. And of course, then the Democrats is usual, found an even wimpy or guy, Michael Dukaka. Yeah, to what? Do what? Huh? They, they thought he only wimpy or guy in American and George Bush's senior. And that was Michael Dukaka. But that was out of a shot. If he wants a strong leader, a strong father to talk to, which he or she's not wasn't George Herbert Walker Bush, who is too busy being a professional wim. What is called a foul? Planned was presented to Prince Bandar. It was. He's not so last night. It's just flat. Wrong? No. It was your line again. How come they keep prodigying about to keep, you know, refuting him. And refuting him. What a liar. What a sellout man. Roland Cole and Paul. The number one sellout in the universe. Why are you? George, we deal five six. This is actually a UAM. From the director of Kill Bill Volume Two. We can be made. And there is not your Phil stars in. Come in for you. He is here little Phil. And let me tell you something, light, listen to me. You're not worth a day. I'm tired of you. I'm tired of your advice. I'm scared. Shut up, Dr. Bill. You want to be some little Phil. I mean, that seems to me to be incredibly mean spirit. What do you know? You fat fobb bastard. I don't see how for his cockman, the pole. Let me look. Do you see it on their drive? I'm looking right now. I thought I put it on there. I'm looking. I'm looking. And I would have been focused to get out like he always had. You would think. I bet he's going to pop up any second. What's up, man? I'm not putting them on right now. There you go. See, he's talking to us. He's talking to us. Five six, seven, five six, seven, over five, six. How far, six, you ought to be 18 and ten, where I should wireless line? Mad Doggy managed to chew the hopper. The Hebrew hammer at four. Oh, hey. Who loves Wayne Newton? Six thirty. You've got the Marlins on deck. Seven, over five, Marlins at the Philadelphia Phillies. Who have been sticking the joint out. Any case follows the baseball game. No, for you. My close personal friend. Good morning, along with the Goli. The squeaky one. Followed by Joe Rose and eight o'clock we think. Let's see. Let's get to more names on this. Because I don't think it's very impressive yet, do. No, it's weak. I mean, there's a lot of hell. Well, known people on there. But the most important entertainer of the 20th century. I'll give you one a start on there. How about Charlie Chaplin? That's right. You got it? Got it. How about Rudolph Valentino? Whatever. No? Sir, big, big, big, silent movie star man. Huge. It was huge. How about some other people from back in the day? From the... Well, that's the 20th century. I hate to break the news deal with person. I forgot that 20th century wasn't just about the freaking Beatles in pad. Boom, okay? Long put had do on your figure. Now get out of here, Lon Cheney, senior. Why not? What about Lon Cheney, junior? He was the wolf man. How about the wolf man? How about Wolf Man, Jack? Huh? Can't forget the wolf man. Anybody ever make a song about Lon Cheney, senior? No. No, but it's not for the wolf man. They made a song about Lon Cheney, junior, and a wolf man. Who's that? Lon Cheney. The both of them. How about Tom? Tom? Tom? Lon Cheney. The both of them. How about the crescent brucey? Five cents, yeah, but I'm not sure if you're on these names around because Josh will start putting some of money. Alfred Hitchcock, I bet you got on there. You think? So, some people might say he's not an entertainer, but I would say, uh, huh? Of course he is. Directors got to be an entertainer. He don't have any votes yet, I'd say it's 257. Look at all the people that don't have any votes yet. So, see, your speed balance doesn't have any votes. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my God. Oh, brother, holy God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, votes for Steve Arena? What is role you people, man? Now, Louis and I, that guy was fine. Five six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Look at all the great people on that show. Tom Poston, done nuts. Dayton Allen. What? In fact, he said that before, uh, built-Hannister said it. Dayton Allen. And you better watch it because you are in the tender building. Come to QM, hello. Hey, deal, I got a guy for the poll. Okay. Not too old, then, he's already dead. Bob Marley. I mean, he might not be the greatest, you know, of all time, but he was great. Don't apologize now. Yeah, Bob. He had tremendous influence on, uh, don't smoke his all over the world. Well, I'd just because of that. But it was, and one of the things, though, because he, he was talking about Duke back. You know, I don't want to wait. I mean, because even the happy audience already probably knows from the, you know, from the other guys, they're right now in your, uh, co-tail. Yeah, uh, dish rag. I like to do better. Do you really? It's more original. Okay. Thanks, pal. Later. I like to bang part, at least you got some, I mean, dish rag. That was a Rick Riley thing anyway, right? Remember that? Talking about riding on the co-tail. Rick Riley came up with that. Don't be a dish rag. That's, that's weak. It's weak like a, like a limp dish rag. Is what that is. Week. But Duke bang. That's got some punch to it, right? Yeah, these are real Duke bag. Now what are we going to use for the espag? Oh, I'm not with something. Something will happen. Something will pop up. Come on, a stumbled bum bag. Don't like it. It's swag bag. It means a slang. What is that? What the hell is that? Slang. Slang. Sounds like a flag. Is this how you're parting? Draws. That was not other. I understand, but just watch it now. You have to leave several seconds. That's third man. In between celables, because otherwise they're going to put pork part. A would part. Z in the like connected dots. Don't leave no evidence. A little friendly advisor for a trolley. 5. 6. 7. 5. 60. 8. 80. And Verizon wireless line. WQM. Hello. Yeah, I got a name for you. OK. Jackie Greason. Jackie Greason is already on there. Not here. Throw with you, man. Quick look at them. No, they're pretty pictures on it. I should mention again. We got the who we got. Mary on the way. See. Under today. I didn't really look at the picture all that well. We can't even do something for you. No, we'll do nothing for me. I want to. I just want to critique. I have excellent taste. Even you admit that. I got pretty darn good taste. Uh, what is there nothing wrong with that picture? It's a little. Although I do like the one of Colin Powell and me much better. Did this hurt me much more pornographic? I don't know. Who breast leave me kind of limp. Ha ha ha ha. That's right. Oh. That's just it. It's not really. I don't know to me. And who did what do I know? It's not really what you call for your rotic picture. I don't know. I'm not saying it's bad, but it's certainly not as your rotic as some of the other ones we've had on there. Oh, they can't just. Huh? They can't all be. It'll do. They can't. No, I'm not knocking it. See, now you get defensive. It's fine. But it's not like what I would call a really rotic like whatever. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, On the 18 and take. We're going to get Josh's first assignment on our website. He's going to be finding making pictures of Johnny depth. Right. For those Johnny depth friends. Brad Pitt. Yeah. I see. Come to QM. Hello. Yes, sir. What about one of Bruce? Many Bruce is of magnificent choices, especially during these trying times in which we live. When you agree, and did. Paul, forlany Bruce, say, uh, tortured and just destroyed him. They killed him literally and rudively. They destroyed him in every possible way. Because he had co-hones. And you're not supposed to have any balls in America. You're supposed to just goose dip in a line. Lenny Bruce. Esslands try spally. WQM. Hello. Yeah. I think you guys are missing the boat on on profatity and on the worst. Orgling English language are based on the guy sitting in the White House, the resident and the vice resident. And I think boy, Bush Dick, is like the worst thing that you could say about anything. And it's totally described what's going on here to every American in the country. Okay. I have no idea what he just said. Oh, I love Dick Cheney. 20 seconds. Did it. But it made him happy. He got out of the system. He's pissed off and fired up. But I'm glad that he's pissed off and fired up. And you want to know why? Piss off, piss me, fired up when I hear someone say that. See, I like that. Plus the fact we can still say that, which is one of the very few things we can say. WQM, hello. Yes, sir. Boy George. Boy George. Most important entertainer of the 20th century. Oh, this guy's got a fouly. Just got fuzzed off. Stop typing, Josh. Did you really put that on there? No. Yeah, he did. Boy George. He was definitely pieces together there. Boy George and all the other stuff. All of these things. They're really wonder about what's going on over there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. WQM, hello. Yeah, hey Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, I got one for you. Jack Nicholson. Jack Nicholson is a fabulous choice. How about that? What about the other carnivore? You got that gentleman over there. Oh, Tom McCarty's fine. How about I quote my dear head and stop. Tom McCarty, how come nobody else mentioned him? Did he chop liver or something? See, John Lennon is like a state of mind. And I like John Lennon just fine. He wrote a lot of great stuff. And Yaddi Adem. Tom McCarty, people don't put this in category. Especially since he recorded all that crap later on. See, John Lennon didn't live long enough to record all that crap later on. But Tom McCarty did. Yeah. So, we'll put Tom McCarty on there along with whatever else he said. What do you say? Tom McCarty. No, he said something before that. Jack Nicholson. Jack Nicholson, how can you leave him off there? Who is the most important undertaker of the 20th century? Time magazine not to be out done with their own stupidity. This is the thing they were doing. And now all of a sudden, they've got a special issue this week, April 26th. The hundred, the lives and ideas of the world's most influential people. This is not of the 20th century. So you now they're taking it to another level, which we're not going to do this. Because this one is really fondress. And who they got on here? They got the W. Of course, they got kind of liiza. Kind of liiza, please. Please. They got Sean Penn. Sean Penn. And now like Sean Penn, he's a fine actor, but were you put Sean Penn on the list of anything? Of good actors. Steve Doves. Meg Whittman. Who? Lee Scott. Lindsay Owen Jones. James Av Beauty. Oh, this is a Warren Buffett. He's kind of entertaining. Coffee, Anon. Kim Jong-Eo. These are the most of the powerful day you went over there. I'm sorry, I mentioned it. So that's one we're not going to be doing other any circumstances. So what's all you think was the worst answer? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, 16, 16. Once they get a taste to another thing, we're going to, if I mean that's a good idea, what we'll do is we'll give it the next ten pulls that we're going to be doing. And we'll just take a whole bunch of suggestions. Huh? And then maybe we'll like, maybe we'll screw some of them up, like mixing that. Like the most important entertainer of the 20th century was Teri Jackson. Right? Seasons for the Sun. The most important entertainer of the 20th century was we both are city. See where I'm going with this? Uh-huh. And then of course, now you know who else we didn't put on here yet. Let me give you a clue. Absolutely. Come on. I told you right at the get gold man. I said, let's get him on there every day. And is he an entertainer? Well, relatively speaking. Mm-hmm. Technically. In addition to which this was the 20th century, because the rumor I'm here and the one I'm starting right now is that he was highly entertaining before he came to Florida. But once you got came by the Jackson, the bucks and the sellers and everybody else, he became somewhat less entertaining in case you haven't noticed. And more. This is for 25th century. And we're here. And for now, you need to have a russian lady. And I like scrubbing my silly gorilla house with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new rocket, I'm gonna use the hour. Take aire! Move the move! Music Uncle Jess, he's all alone. You're not saying most often why he was a ten. But the bedroom wall made such a bang on the mat. It's so pretty I think it's the foreshadow making a mix and... Yes, you're so good and it's not proud. And he's not the most often slender, so it's kind of the same as someone's going on the real full house. You know what I'm saying? I have him just in style. Just over and out. Uncle Jess is proud. How dare you ever go? What a nice act! I just think he's got a great screen film. Could be the answer for looking for what he's saying. So for this poll? Yeah. Anyway, I notice Josh is working against you. Remember how Ben Adishampy got when I said Steve Allen? Just to show you a thing or two, he's got Steve Allen there. Not once but twice. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. How could we have... It's already noon. How could we have done this poll this long? And you think of each category when it comes to entertainment, music, movies, television. Who was known as Mr. Television? Who is not on our poll? Let me see it again. Who was known as Mr. Television? I'm thinking, someone... Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Ted! Oh my God! Although those guys are... Dressed up! Oh my God! That's everybody. Milton Turl! Oh, Uncle Milty! Good! Good! Gally Miss Molly! Man, you punchy don't know from us. Oh God! Then you should have... Run, hit, although I guess he can't hit about that anymore. Can't even elude to it. No, you cannot. About how he was big in the business. He was... A giant... What ever he said to the room, real? Him and Warren Beatty. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. I don't know if I want to play that thing right now. So a few minutes. Because once I've played a thing from my Larry King last night, the Bob Woodward and the Prince. That'll be the end of us. You'll see. WQA in Hulf. Yeah! About the one that was most influential, Jack. Ah! Jack Paris Fabulous, he just called too. Yep, because you wouldn't have had everything roll out after that to late night entertaining. It is a mess with the world. That's the real thing. That's the real thing. That's the real thing. Thanks for reminding us, thanks. 5... 2. Jack Paris just died and we forgot about him already. That's bad. That's the way we can do that. I'll decide out of mind. Jack Paris. Now, at least you'll agree with that. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. You're all about the Charlie Weaver and about Alexander King and about all the dirty good and all the great guests you had on. It was just a set out with a sensational show. So much more fun than I mean, like Jay, the Leno... No wonder America's got so many. I blame Jay Leno for all the other Americans today. This is for really do. It's his fault. I mean, at least some people are watching the... What's the show in the late show? The comedy central. Oh, the Daily Show. The Daily Show. John Stewart, yeah. The least they're watching that. It's a good kind of a convoluted idea of something going on in the world like the president and more on stuff like that. More on. That's the word. But other than that, I mean, if they're going to turn to Jay Leno to find out what comedy is about about what life is all about. Here's the guy that stood up there and sucked the Arnold Schwarzenegger's leg. Right there, I mean, disgusting. It is grace. And then when he wins that election out there because American everybody is celebrity. They didn't have to be called obsessed with. He introduced him. I thought that that was about the tackiest thing ever seen in my life. Jay Leno suck it up the old man. Maybe Arnold is the most important entertainer of the 20th century. Which is probably the first one he's the Governor of California. Let's give it a try. Let's put on our chief for Josh and Spell Schwarzenegger. And be careful of you Spellet. I got that other actor Governor on their WWE. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, Bush. Howdy QA and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. I think I have one for you. I think I have one for you. Yeah. Hello, okay. Good to hear him because I was talking to you. See, I was just showing my second powers again. I couldn't even hear him but I was talking over him because I had a feeling with some blood plug. Some, uh, anvil. Some, uh, Duke for a bag. Well, practice nice perfect. You have to keep using these words over and over again so they've like slide right out as opposed to some of the ones that's slide right out yesterday that we had to like, uh, like that. Watch this away. This is just the way we speak and now we have to like turn the clock back, you know. I mean, we just wanted to daylight. Say we've time to talk ahead. But now we have to make up for it and then some. We got a perfect clock black to the dark ages. Oh, you know what I saw? Which you'd love. It's really funny. Which is it. It was documentary. It's a movie, but it's a movie about the twist. It's like a documentary on the twist. I would love to see that. It was funny. And about how women and then they showed a clip of light Eisenhower. No. 1962. No, it just been. I mean, he, uh, was 52 or 60 was the first and two terms. Here is the former president of the US making an impassioned commentary. He's, I have nothing personal against the twist. But I have to wonder, what's happened to our collective morality and our sense of decency. I mean, they carried on about the twist. The twist. Like it was the end of society. Like we've got a hell in our hand casket. The twist. Right. I mean, it's no fuss. And this was, this was the early 60s. And here we are all this time later. And we're being just dragged, kicking and screaming back out of the stone age. By a bunch of religious crazy people. Just like that. W. W. W. Yeah, me, oh, please. Speaking. Me or a new word for you Trump bag. Trump has not been, I like it. Thanks. Oh, by the way, speaking of Trump, I'd say the bit where a Trump fire is the bush. No, but could you play it too often? Well, I'm going to play it right now, just because he said Trump. Tonight, on the apprentice of George Stuttley, he's called to the board with a mind. So it comes down to a candidate with a high school of the former who has led well, but is often a loose candidate. This is a tough choice. Actually, this is the toughest choice I've had to make. The reality is, George, you're dealing with multi-billion dollar businesses here. The consequences of hiring a live wire like you could be costly and devastating. And I have to say, if I... Oh, my God. Oh, no, my dad is some kind of man. I have a chance. Will you just pull more years or so alone? Just give me more more years. Go ahead. No. There you go. See, I always end up in light tunnel from until that moment. Now, I like him a lot better. 560, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. WQN, hello. Hey, New York. Yes, sir. Hey, hi, Bill. I'm doing great. You forgot my favorite attitude in a tanker. Genetician is it. I love when they turn their radio right up like that. And they're great. Oh, yeah. Hey, listen if we're going to put 10 in a team, and what about Ron Foupeo? What about Ron St. John? What about Ron Jeremy? What about Peter Norris? To my, let's clear up your act a little bit. Okay, pal. Well, I got that story about how they're using condoms now. For his runger, may kept seeing the falls on me of the night. Rubbers. She kept seeing condoms, and he kept saying rubbers. This is if you could be a little over the line. His puppet was over the line. The H.R.A.V.E. on quick in the San Fernando valley based at Elpilman's three last week raise concerns about risky sex practices when I'm presser at level among performers, producers, and health experts with some advocating the need for government regulation. Doesn't the production companies in a multi-billion dollar Elpilman check down after actor Darren James tested positive for H.R.A.E.E.E. on Monday. Actress Lara Rocks, 22, one of the 14-millimeter work with after Mark 17, well, he tested negative, subsequently tested positive, as well as, as well, and about 55 people had quarantined because of potential exposure. Sharon Mitchell, a founder and executive director of the adult industry medical health care foundation, Sherman Oats, said the industry's spectacular profits, aided by the internet and cable TVs reaching the mainstream America, had led to increasingly risky sexual practices without using condoms without... Oh my God! Which support I guess would be happy about that wouldn't? That's right. It should be a poor thing. Right. The industry's annual revenue is estimated to be in the nine to $13 billion range that's annually. It's the Wild West Cowboy. It's the last frontier to escape regulation Mitchell said it's cheap to be a porn star. Dr. Peter Curnt, director of the essentially transmitted disease program for the L.I.C. Department Health Services said regulations won't rad the big boys underground. You don't live in fear of what can be driven underground. Curnt said officials take the outbreak seriously and see unsafe practices in the battlefield of industries, clothing, health dangers, to the general population. We're concerned about this because it has the potential to uncheck the spread rapidly. They're partners apart from the industry partners, y'all. Yeah. So there we go. So let's go on by a few gross condoms and ship them out to the East Ampand and a valley. What do you say? No. Oh. 560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Line 9 is ringing. QA and hello. Yeah. Someone's waiting for me to go to my time. So my parents used to watch him and you know, as the she had excuse and they're he had watches. Right. George Burns. George Burns. There he go. He's dead. So last week I searched down to theadian fungus pens. We'll move on.org meeting. Right. And basically it's something that you and I, and. You know the other states, you know, air merge, it's talking about which is we got to get together and get. This by the house, you know, they say, you know, roughnators are great guy. You know, it hasn't sold a street hit, right? But we have to do what war for the common go. Which is a pitfall shot of officers, and so have an overthrow Can't you? Yes, sir. Alright, have a good one. Hi guys, if this is indeed possible with him, fighting for the Pol ? Alright, thank you. Thank you, John Bittji. Definitely. Quick, comfortable. Who are you? I am here since rabd mechanic. Okay, what are you saying? to try and enter in Scully and Terence Token Thomas, those three just sent him on a perpetual holiday somewhere, just get him out of our face. I wonder how long it's going to take to get to the end? It's going to take years to get this thing of the Supreme Court where they broadcast all this crap, that's the problem. In the mean first saying, in the mean time one. Exactly. In the mean time, all we can say is, and hope for the best. Hey, don't hope for the best when your mattress wears out, future the best mattress deal going anywhere from our friends at dollar mattress, because they don't lie to you like the other guys out there. Here's an example of a kind of phony as you see all the time open up in newspapers. A big, big fat, full paged baby with a headline that says, no down payment, no interest, no payments for 24 months. But then the 2018 he brings at the bottom of the page reads are going to cycle a feed of this slammers, which makes the whole out of force. For example, it says, requires a minimum purchase higher than the advertised cell price. And that's not a single advertise item. We're even qualified for financing interest families 21% or more. Chopper's unique financing the most early even qualified. So forget about it because dollar mattress ads have no tiny print, no disflamers. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll discover there is never an extra charge for saying they deliver either. Dollar mattress takes saying they orders all day long every day from kiddo to store it, Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And when you call 1-800 mattress, you pick the date and two hour delivery window you want. Your mattress delivered and I'll be there like from noon to two, one to three, two to four, etc. and make sure up on time. So call right now you'll see for yourself how I've used these folks for years. It's a piece of cake to order a great new name brand mattress at an unbeatable price. Dollar mattress ranked number one overall customer satisfaction. And it reminded me to read that fine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them, which I can't even imagine. So do the smart thing called 1-800 mattress or log onto their website mattress.com. Diamond Empress 1-800-MATTRES to smart the honest way. Did you get you whatever it is, a great new bed. I'm not gonna say this. And low. This is for real, I see you. You ain't. As a Michael Jackson, we're taking the caravan of love on the road. This planet visits cities all over America to show their support for the king of the past. And being lynched from KWOW and Wichita Kansas, low side my broadcast partner, Liz Smith Taylor. Ladies and gentlemen, this shirt is a beautiful day for parade. I have a bad day. There's a little bit more room there. Exactly, you can't have said it better myself. Let's turn on the attention to the caravan. Oh, here comes the lava flow. Put it on the lava flow. Beautiful and desire for the local sex offenders when it's a state kind of injury. At the end of the day. Here's our candy to the children. Oh. Don't let those candy hit too close from up there. Liz Smith even described the many flowers used in the design of this magnificent flow. The other thing is, it was by nature and love is a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. You sure paint a picture with. And here's the pamphlet's tell KW's flow. What should I say? But, she can wink you away on the wrong hook name, right? I'm gonna make a vlog. That's right. I'll make a good day. Oh, here comes the flow. There's a beautiful flow. Look here, boy. How about the manual noise flow? It's not small. And the McCoy-Colkan flow. And the 90 90 more. No expenses, this fair. Why does it? Here comes your flow. Yeah, dang. Oh, what are you saying? What is it? And you're going to go to the day. Yes, it is. Come on. Then go down to our special card. Bonnet on this treat. Chino Jackson, you know? In next, you can't put there's one of my things. You can sit down and stand in front for a prosecutor. Rots and hell, thought, respect you. You see, you know, we're going to get to this. I can't really get a lot of love coming to this. Sitting here, you. Come 18 at five, 60, WC, I'm happy to be here today. So I got another suggestion for our pool. You're not going to like it. That's the reason I play that. Nobody wants to admit it. Michael Jackson. There you go. Why would I argue with that? Well, you wouldn't, but most people say, oh, we don't want to say that. I mean, embarrassing. You know, even objectionable human beings can be poor with talent. Right. And look how many he's digging records he sold. And how many times he was like all over the place. Where you look there, he was rubbing his crotch in the act of McCoy-Colkan's. Oh, the most important entertainer. I think he qualifies as much. He has like being crossed me. I mean, how many being crossed the records can you name? See what I'm saying? Word your like to swing out of the window. And true love, Grace Kelly and Ben Cross, you don't have a record. Okay. And I didn't remember the lyrics. So he's just a long time ago. But anyway, Michael Jackson, we have to put it on there. We say it would great to dismay and we apologize ahead of time. Now, can I play that little segment from last night's lyric, King? Could you would you? With Prince Bandar and a barber was on for the, for the hour. But I don't want to play the whole thing as it would be. Plondrissing, never played it. But when Prince Bandar called and I thought it was like great TV is what it was. Pretty revealing. We had made the connection with us on the phone. His Prince Bandar of Saudi Arabia. Uh, who wants to go first? Well, for you here, Robo, King Prince. Have you read the book in bass, sir? I know, but I had a snippet of it. The parts pertaining to you and there seems to be some contention about this meeting. January 11th in the White House. You know, down Rumsfeld is on record saying he looked you in the eye and said you can take this to the bank. Ambassador, this is going to happen in their this is the war plan. And the letter in response to his. Yes, our Prince is our true. Larry number one. Uh, Bob Woodward is the first class journalist and reporter. And I am number two. And number two, I will never contradict Bob Woodward. Uh, yes, number three. The number three is what he said is accurate. However, there was one sentence that was left out. And that is both five President Cheney and Secretary Rumsfeld told me before the briefing that the President has not made a decision yet. But here is the plan. And then the rest is accurate. Uh, then why would they say you can take this to the bank. It's going to happen. And then as I understand it, the vice president said when this starts, the dom is toast. Is that correct? That is absolutely correct, but underlying when. Uh, because my response was the last time we tried this. We left at them in place. And I don't think anybody in the Middle East would like to try this again. It's for that much pain place. And that's the rest of the story. So, what we should do in accurate, except that I was informed that the President has not made a decision yet. But then why would they have the meaning to contradict what you're saying in BASIDER? And you have not read the transcripts of my interview with the president and the president said, to you that the message they sent to you was his message. This is, you know, is everyone new. There was extensive planning going on for war. Why would they have this meaning to tell you a may be? Doesn't make sense. Because the whole aspect is that the president said, if I made the decision this plan will, you can take it also to the bank like, uh, what the, the rums will say. Remember, Bob, I was briefed by Secretary of Defense, Big Cheney and by General Powell, about plan 1001. And at that time, we were not sure if there was a person who were not. Right, right. And if they didn't tell you, you can take this to the bank. This is going to happen. Yeah, I, you know, if we were to get out of it, Yes, yes, in this way. Frinch Bandha, after that meeting, did you think they were going to war? I was, the honest with you, not sure, but I was, my gut feeling was telling me that, if Saddam Shain does not respond the right way, they will go to war. But I can must emphasize that this is January. Between January and March, everybody decides to meet, as that they want to go to the UN. They want to try all other venues. But if Saddam does not respond positively, then they have to be ready. I think this President was thinking, I come up with President Johnson always, I was told, said, don't tell. I felt it to go to hell, unless you intend to send him there. And I think President Bush was intended to send him to hell if he does not respond. Are we getting one more thing, Frinch Bandha? Yes, sir. He's story that Mr Woodward has about the promise to lower the oil prices by the election. Your government has the idea by story. What I say in the book is that the Saudis, and maybe you looked at the section of the book Ambassador, that the Saudis hoped to keep oil prices low during the period before the election because of its impact on the economy. That's what I say. I think the way that Bob said it now is accurate. We hope that oil prices will stay low because that's good for America as economy. But more important is good for our economy and internationally economy. And this is nothing unusual. President Clinton asked us to keep the prices down in beer 2000. In fact, I can go back to 1799 and can't ask us to keep the prices down to avoid the millage. So yes, it's an hour interest and an America interest to keep the prices down. Do you want to present those? Do you want President Bush to be reelected? We always want any person who is always to be reelected, Larry, but that is America and choice. This is not our call. This is the American people's call. Okay, I think we did. I just, I'm sorry to go back on this, but, Prince Vander, why would the President tell me on the record two days later that he called Colin Powell and said he had decided on war. This was a 12 minute meeting. I went through this for some time with the President and then the President would ask Powell, will you be with me and Powell said I will be with you. I will support a war and then the President said to former General Powell. Now Secretary of State Powell, trying to put your war uniform on, I know the Powell less that meeting. Saying he's going to do it. He had made that decision and you look at what Rumsfeld has said and others and as you may be aware there might be tape recordings that would show that the version I have is the accurate one. What's going on here? I believe Secretary Powell, who is a very loyal soldier and a statement and I believe he puts a lot of weight on loyalty and he disdain this loyalty. Therefore, I believe if your count is accurate which I have no reason to discount it, that Secretary Powell told the President his views once the Commander of Chief Made his mind up. General Powell decided it's that I think to support the Commander of Chief. That's just a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of sort of sorta bit of a little bit of a little bit of  all of just outside of it. We're putting basically into that field in the office and continue to talk with you about how to do it all this time we need that process wouldn't but are barely any more hip joint shotsing That was done. You got a whole lot of some sort of stuff movable boundaries of these things. Uh-huh. And so anyway that's it. Very good We're gonna We are gonna do a popular tie doane with that will allow that to make extra noise Like that horacond tape for that brand supply and produce a brand new one. What will do this suite box? To reserve your seat for tomorrow night's three seminar call 1 866 fast train David's a bitch baby Loona Nothing beyond our stay I'll cater well be finished until we blow up back to stay Well my God We could chase and round forever With our tanks and all our troops The special forces are so tired Of jumping through them That's it You throw me in another place So let's cut out all the nonsense And we'll blow up back to stay How can I need a nuclear tank? Why don't you stop with your food And blow up back to stay Okay And we'll blow up back to the southeast of the next Back we can use Pakistan as an example And say hey, guess what laundry heads See what we just did over here What you're next? Unless you cut the crap Just let me down kick them out Let him take their money Let him take all the billions they got Go out to the French River here or live a nice good life Just hook up to the pumps There you go There you go Just take our hose and the doodle hose job on the Saudi sounds good to me 5 6 7 0 5 6 I don't see how we're David it on here That's an overset on George Josh's part I'm sure do you get emotionally carried away Must have thought you were joking More how are you David it? Not the most important entertainer of the 20th century You better get with it man More how are you David? He belongs in our pool Elvis is got 93 Bob hope 57 How about Bill Hailey Okay, apparently because these pumps they think that Elvis invented rock and roll Of course you did not Bill Hailey and it is comments In fact, we think they got that name, Hilie's comment And comment, sir us Elvis 93 Bob hope 57 John Lennon 57 Frank Sinatra 28 See that cruise 23 Ever see see the cruise? All the time Up and down, Bismillah Boulevard Elton John 17 Johnny Carson 17 Ronald Reagan 15 Steve Allen 12 Sammy Davis Junior 11 Charlie Chaplin and Lucille Ball 10 of these Which I see a lot of similarities there Don't you think she was like, yeah In fact, didn't she used to do the thing with a little mustache That's right She did some Charlie Chaplin comedy Bob Marty's got nine men Jackie Gleason nine Paul McCarty seven Mick Jagger's got five Lennie Bruce Thuy Marlon Brando five Frankie Lyman's got four Oh, right, let's hear it for Frankie Jimmy Stewart two, Alfred Hitchcock's got a pair Stevie Thomas only got two, that's pathetic Tom Jones's got two Red Skullton two, Jack Benny two One is Book of Brions Wayne Newton's got one, heck must've voted Neil Diamond one Sid Caesar one Jack Nicholson one Bing Crosby one Jack Parzone A got one vote Paul E. Toledo Ezra Quiver would say Michael Jackson one And no most yet Milton Burl Can you tell me how that's possible? Punks No by the vote for a Bing Crosby All these other old sparts Well, maybe it'll take some time Milton Burl, Mr. Television has no votes Arrows got no votes George Burns, Rudolf Valentino Mohour David and he better get going That's a looting And Bill Haley have none yet, out of four sixteen Thursday's going to be great, dude, maybe Thursday and Friday Cause we have a short show on Thursday And we do the search for the worst song, the worst hit song of all time That's going to be fun You don't think? No, I don't I don't think we could do tomorrow How are we going to be? No tomorrow, we're going to do that, that's right You don't want to be in on that Too bad The most important athlete of the twenty century What's what I do with that? I'm going to be used to it Which by the long distance, I don't know how you did it I'm afraid it is The most important athlete of the twenty century Was I only put down Bay Brew for start Okay, now that's not told tomorrow So don't be calling me and you say Oh, I think it was, you know Around the gasden For some crap like that Or Dan Marino, you know they're going to say Dan Marino You know that, like that Dan Marino was the most important athlete of the twenty century How many super goals did Dan Marino win? Why do they answer that? Yeah, and the answer is Right, so how can you be the most important athlete? If you're going to pick a football guy, you might say You're Montana In the Bino Taro Five six seven Five six seven five six He's finally cracking folks, he's losing it I know what happened Twenty QM Hello Two AM Not there WQM Hello Just a new new Yeah, you're going to use the lens So, call it a lucky WQM Hello Hello, Neil Yes sir Hey, can you, you probably didn't see it But I'm good morning America to spring Didn't see it I know But they were talking about this riff between Powell and Cheney Right So They went to Powell and they had some about it And Powell said, believe me When we're in the room together We're known as colon and thick Really? Yeah And condolize that they went to condolize and she said Yeah, well, let's run off with that, okay Thank you That's very interesting, but let's leave it a little bit It's funny how all our hands went to the delbutton Exactly No, I just, I just think that's interesting at that point Five six seven five six The Palm five six the only AT&T and Verizon Marles line WQM Hello Hi, Neil Yes sir How are you today? I'm great Have a suggestion for your poll Okay Mel Blank Okay Okay Good comedy, social commentary Voice of bugs funny What's not to like? Exactly Talkie pay Hey, stop Oh yeah, be doc There you go I'll tell you That's BLANC to you sir I don't want to, you know, be bush boss here Josh, but Blank, I don't even have a spell with a K Okay, don't do that anymore BLANC Mel, by he's still dead by the way which is unfortunate Because he was too great If we're going to put him on there How about Hans Connery? I'm sorry Just a joke Oh, it's just a joke Hans Connery did some of the voices on Rocky and Bullwing cool Oh, that's right Am I wrong about that? No, you're not right Pretty sure I'm right Hans Connery was great How about Panama and quiz? Am I an a gangold? Like stupid, stupid whatever else name was I do like that peanut bird lays about that Five six seven oh five six You see I'm cracking under the pressure Because we got that big game seven here in Toronto You see, there are candidates in her A Don't look like Matt Sandeens going to be able to give it a go tonight We'll give it a shot Come on, Eddie Go chop a little bit sweetheart W2M, hello Good afternoon, Neil Good afternoon, Mr. Um, Carol, Connor Carol, Connor is a fabulous choice Is that be good one? You're RC Blanker is the he's a ball All of her fears and TV history He's probably sticks to the six of right out Do you think? You don't think Carol, I think he's talking to the collar Didn't you hang up on him? Absolutely He's gone, he's set his piece and now he's got to go He's in his hall of art Something, he's busy, he's great For all the time I mean, I can't realize I'm going to do a haste on his still been Five six seven oh five sixty And it's not buggy with the small tether Really sad that hold you know the whole thing where he I mean he's such a great guy and then he's all But most of these people There were two busy being big celebrities They never really took care of their families Most of them, not all of them And then the tragic crap happens If you notice how many How many children of visual celebrities just meet their wicked end Makes you wonder in their relationships are so good You know their marriages are stable Right They meet a bitter end So what it seems to be now Let me ask you we got the email coast spot here We're going to this live around the table See him Lots better Yeah Well this is just the one Josh ain't there Like see him Yeah Or just in case something had like get rid of her by a truck See him Always have that to remember your buy Okay He's immortal See him Yeah it's a big plus you did such a good job on that one With such enthusiasm How many takes of that would take? About thirty minutes Nineteen till one at five sixty W. If you are muskett serious now because Good news is that the lobster feast is back at the M. Of course for all your people The big healthy appetite Or should we say a big unhealthy appetite You're running by that Like the beast for example You just like you and he's busting out all over just like you and Alison Bring your depends beast If you've never been to the amocos you don't know what you're missing Because this isn't just another one of the many Asian buffets This is a feast fit for a king or queen or prince or princess Or leave you me or never walk out of there with an empty stomach And because it's spring with all the spring breakers out there Kid six and under eight free In addition, our motocos still offers all of their sensational Month watering collights start out with any of six different kinds of soup Have them all shovel them down your pants Then they've got dozens of delicious on trays like New York strip made order If they're sizzling Asian queer along with a new whoon on fish Enjoy main lobster thermator style Jonah crab Oysters on the half shell and if you still have room shoveling little that hunt handcar Fring rib their new Thai specialties to them Please keep in mind what are the most important things to can your health Air mode post never uses any crap no MSG no cornstarch They cook only with cholesterol for your else so it's healthy for you too They're with feces with full salad bar full Chinese food lineup Their brand new sushi bar and course fresh seafood cocktail And because some of you out there are just unbelievably unsatisfied pigmented how much you've picked out They have a dessert station too if you didn't have room for this it'll be a miracle but it's worth it Because they've got bells and waffles and pies and cakes pastries ice cream We've allowed your favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well So if you want a real pig out if you just didn't move to go and eat your brains out The place you love an emerald coast three locations for you to summarize sunny house number finds take the family bookiness business lunch and right now if you like and don't forget to fill out our membership cards and get a monthly newsletter too But our friends do the cooking for you take on delivery available to call 954 572 3822 By the way, which would go these skull which would be released then from Toronto wait call 954 572 3822 for the unbeatable emerald coast Chinese buffet They're called claws of egg. This whole piece would be real spicy thoughose-y<|nl|> Thats the recipe! Timilgy Specific Intells aquela A W We're going to give you one more stuff, alright, shit Can tree up to the leaves O I'm not so rare For working man to trust her, he's fair She get my gold out half to get my gold The government forgot us to get gold out now O filled paths oftes all the contributing If all YOU know, it's gone theFoot Rush's vanish But you don't make a background to Bach God for every crash, get super hurts That's you, you don't insult your eyes My job in India can you tell me why? And I'm sure you've gone to give it a try Until no one will be paying for life Can't respond to this is the end for that note I'm sure you've gone to give it a try Until no one will be paying for life Can't respond to this is the end for that note Until no one will be paying for life I'm sure you've gone to give it a try Until no one will be paying for life I'm sure you've gone to give it a try Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life Until no one will be paying for life To have that thought and maybe downtown At the same time, without sharing, To have that thought and there are a lot that are still still That thinking of something like that Things, things like that, because we've been doing the slow know If we're talking about friends of acquaintance Someone else hasfillaughs They resemble you Is nihiloup Pyrrsy, no stranger to Christian tunes. Pyrrsy, no stranger to Christian tunes. Christian teens are sailing Jesus' music. How do you like that? They're not the only ones. I got quite a collection. Thanks to the next. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What are you saying? No. Okay. Maybe a little later. Okay. What up? They're doing it. You internet downloads and CD burnings and nearly the same rate as secular music being paroded by non-Christians. According to an instead of a done for the gospel music association. The findings were a joke to many in the evangelical music industry who respected church growing teens to be mindful of the commandment that our shout-not's still. I'm surprised. Sorry, I was a cross-through of it. I'm surprised that that's what made it so good. I'm surprised in this important that the behavior isn't that ardently different between Christians and non-Christians. So John still present the gospel music association, the leading trade group for evangelical music. But everybody thinks the parting is a bad thing when this is the best part of this story. This is just fabulous. I don't know where it's going. Oh yeah. Not everyone thinks the parting is a bad thing after all some church leaders say, isn't getting the gospel out more important than getting paid? How wrong can it be if it saves souls? I'm still in for Jesus. There you go. Let's hear it. Let's hear it for the Lord, baby. I can't up for Jesus. This is the John. The Healk. Let's hear it for the Holy Spirit. Let's hear it for the Holy Spirit. Let's hear it for the Holy Spirit. Let's hear it for the Holy Spirit. Let's hear it for the Holy Spirit. Let's hear it for the Holy Spirit. We're going to stop that. Oh, whoo. Alright, that's convoluted. Logic said, very land is present in the world records. It made your Christian label. You would never steal bottles to give them away. You shouldn't steal Christian music to give away to, why not steal bottles to give away your saving souls. Mr. I earn more than a couple of bucks across the hotel. All new people out there when you go to these hotels, let's see the run. And it really pisses me off by the way. See those vibles in the drawer and a hotel. What's on the web on that for? The Gideon's who put those vibles there. The hotel doesn't pay for in the Gideon's. It's a non-nonsense. Well, so that was, in the day, so in other words, you're not really stealing. And it was a freebie in a first place. According to the Gideon, those vibles are not for the taking. But if you really want a mule in your going to read it and use it in your life, right? And say, by all means, take the bite. It's like when you read the airline magazine on a plane, you know? And it says, this is your personal copy. If you want to take it with you, most of us don't take it with us because it's a piece of crap. Anyway, just like the Bible, but if you want to have it, it's yours. The Gideon's hope that you'll leave the Bible there. But if you want to see it, so next time I stay in hotels, got a Bible, and they're going to take it, and they'll dump it in the trash where it belongs. So do that. Great in music is in the spotlight this week. As artists, fans, inventors converge in Nashville, Tennessee, for gospel music week. You're just going to love Nashville and Jesus. The festivities are back throughout the April 20th, double words in the sweetest equivalent of the Grammys. That's not the double words, you're sure like a ice cream bars. You ever have a dog chocolate bar with a chocolate with a chocolate, a chocolate on the outside? You talk about instant variety of home-off. Sure. Last year, sales of Christian Albums fell by 5.2% and it is over 47 million. The major labels cut their workforce by 10% still. He claims the economy, downloads, and CD burning. In other words, people like George wore steel, and that Christian would Christian crap. Even with the dip in sales, Christian music is big business. Last year, it's artists sold 68 CDs for everyone hundred and couple music. The 800 million dollars in sales at top of that top, classical music and jazz combined. And at least as much money which inmate in merchandise and concerts it's merchandise, like what, like a, a Jesus to outfit or Jesus action figures, Jesus paper plates, Jesus fans, negatives, right? Sure, everything. Jesus walked in the hall off your, oh, face, yeah, mudflops, everything. Wow. How about their little Jesus nails that you hammer? Spice. Musicians say, well, spike tones music. Music, how much spike tones for our rap hole? Sure, no, whatever, heard of him, but sure. No, just a just a joke. George, don't get carried away now. He doesn't, he don't know. What do you want for me? He's 10 years old. He doesn't want to be a people. I like that a lot of people. And you'll know this one of the things who's speaking in this pool, I don't want to sound like an old buddy that even I absolutely am, and I'm proud of it at this point. I'm still alive. But take a look at the names on this pool. How many names of people and we're taking suggestions from anybody, everybody? We got a lot of post-listening. They're even calling anybody one. But how many names of entertainers are from what say the last 20 years? Or maybe even, but third man. How many? But Michael Jackson, Mick Jagger, Steve Tyler, anybody else? I mean, Tom don't just still around, but in the twilight of his career, Wayne Newton, I guess, but also in the very deep twilight of a very deep career. These are all old timers. Right. I mean, who would you even dream about? I mean, somebody might say, well, how about Jerry Seinfeld? He was very influential. I'd be a real rich, right? Seinfeld sucked at Bayeridge. Who would you put on there? George Carler. Of the last George Carler from the land. I mean, I want to help you out putting him on there. But he's not recent. Seinfeld me still around. He's still doing live shows. I understand. I'm not a big emissive point. Okay. There are other people I'm still doing live shows like all the elders and personators. The king is still alive. Here you're missing my point. Surely, Carler was like back in the early 60s, early 70s. He started doing this thing. But you look at the last 20 years and we have a girth. They have a vacuum. A really great entertainer is going to be remembered like 50 hundred years from now, of course, like the president said, well, I'll be dead by that anyway. Sue Carers. And I'm really yours. WQA and hello. Hey, I got an answer to Paul. Yes, sir? I have a lady, Bruce. He's on there. Thank you. Well, it's a good thing he was short because I was going to do the break here. I'm back myself in a corner. I don't like back myself in a corner at bay. I like the day that I was on here and I had the clock stopped. That was bad, man. You'd probably have a place where everything is screwed up. That's studio. It's just unbelievable. It's a clock. Just I don't know where the clock decided to stop. Because we had like a bolt of God was pissed off and fired up. We had a bolt from up above and it fried that outlet. They liked her to let it. So it'll be sticking your finger in it. Well, unless you want to test it out. In fact, next time, I'm a fixer comes in and says, hey, what did that? I got a better idea. When George Corsair comes in there. Say, hey, George, would you check out that out? Let's see if it's working. I'll just stick your finger in it. And the outlet, too. When you shop for quality, how could we never play this on your D.A. 360 now? You ought to be proud of that. We're trying to do it. You don't have you don't. I got it right there on the second bottom. I don't know if you ran a bottom or the second row from the bottom. You ought to be excited about that. I am. I just want to shop for quality footwear. Great selection professional service. There's only one story. If I anybody thinks about buying shoes, I think a brain is right away. If there's smart. I like Fredo. If there's smart because it brandies, they had it unbeatable deal. The biggest selection, the lowest prices. Friendly sales holes will know your feet inside and out, including the aroma. All the brands in love, like Brock Ford's, floor shine, SAS, Spirory, Timberland, Naturalizer, and last more. And with Braddies who manga selecting you can beg Greg Wee's life on it. That exactly the shoe you be looking for is on a shelf right now. And you're a size and this, etc. In fact, people not only keep coming back to Braddies, but generally on every visit. They buy several pair every time they come back. Brandies shoes are like legendary in South Florida. While they have this a common gone, there's still going strong. Brandies open daily 9. So 9. So they send the five you'll find mad same great spot. 12. 90. North federal highway in Pablo Beach. Always worth the trip. And right now is a really great time to buy echo. 10% off our all men's and women's styles. Gotta give for their purchase too. So coming to Brandies or check out their website. With two glasses of course, Brandies shoes.com. 9. 9. 9. 6. 4. 3. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 9. 7. 9. 9. 6. 6. 6. 9. 9. 9. 9. 5. 5. 8. 6. 6. 8. 9. 7. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. You have to make them real, you go so they'll clean their own way. That's the speed of the door. And point to the end. Guys, you hired a SpatView. Next time, you. I know my spell attract you. Thank you. But I don't like SpatView. You still got such a comfortable, ideal just like as you are my favorite. And one needs to run. That's why you are so much fire. That's good. That's good. So I don't go and go and go. I don't want to go and go to the park. I don't want to show you. And what's true is I tell you. The moon is way too much over. It's not right. That's enough. 103.5.60. WQM happy Tuesday. We got the mad dog you have to. The hunt for it for. And even your marlins on deck at 6.30. Marlins at me. Phil, Phil is starting. Is it for? It's unusual. As we'll see a 3-game serious. Maybe it is 3. Because then the brave's coming at time on Friday. It's 3-game serious in Philadelphia tonight. 6-3-game 7-05 game time. And it came after the game and overnight we got some embarrassing crap. A woman grabbed her son's Louisville slaughter baseball bat and Fadeleby to make it in shooter who was attacking her 56-year-old sister. Same with the Thomas Hades, he said, Sunday. That story's got everything. He tackled me around the knees and I was screaming said, Gwen Herdin and recalling the encounter with an extra. I was screaming and carried. This is nothing new. I'll finish this story. But you people are right. Patients on NBC. It's one thing. I know there's a comedy in its very amusing. It's a set of a book. Yesterday, one of the favorite things they do is they have a scene where like all of a sudden somebody is discovered something that you've been waiting for months for them to find out that everybody else knows. And then you find out it was only a dream. Well, those kind of scenes generally take 30 seconds a minute. You know, yesterday the whole freaking show was Luis's dreaming about how Dr. Aklan admitted they was doing the shock therapy to Sheridan and made her forget that she really loved Luis and that Antonio and Yadiyada Yadiyada and he and Sheridan are in a bed and doing her thing. And all of a sudden we find out after about half an hour to scrap, what is this another dream? Hey, can I know there's Gwen and Ethan standing outside the door in a hospital where the real woman is supposed to be getting an infirmated with Gwen's egg. She's all tied up by Teresa. She's in a closet with a gag over mouth and she's taking the door and kicking it. And you can see the door isn't even locked inside of it closed. And she was there where he's something in here and you're screaming open the door you idiots and they finally open the door. Is the most exhausting show. And of course intentionally by design. So like I said, don't start watching it. You're gonna aggravate it. Anyway, did you get my point? I got it. He tackled me around and Ethan was screaming said, Gwen, her and then we crawling in the cat with a man in her living room. She said her attack was wearing only socks and enforces way into her home. I asked him, who are you and what do you want? Who the hell are you? I don't have a you. The only thing he said was I'm dead. I'm dead. Ha ha ha. Well, her and insisted were show Edwards 41 got her teenage sons. Wouldn't baseball bat instruct the man numerous times killing him, police said Edward would not charge the pilot talk to the reporter. He told him that it was identified as Timothy Turner of St. Louis. Thomas said to take me to said they suspect he was under the influence of drugs. Probably PCP and our wedding results of the autopsy. He was tried to TCB because he was own influence of PCP. Oh, you know what today is? Which we have mentioned all is really nothing to say except go out and get the of the bite or red at Michael Morris bowling for Columbine. It's the fifth anniversary today. It's right. Of Columbine. Do you haven't seen that? Mm-hmm. So, and you notice how everybody's really talking about that? No, not. Oh, we will never forget all the cliches all the time. You know, we'll never forget, we'll never make the same mistakes again. We just keep doing the same crap over and over and over again. Sombra students, parents and neighbors went to the Columbine High School campus. Today, do remember those killed five years ago in the worst school shooting US history. I just want to be a peaceful day to remember it. Hope for the future. So, Calendum, 36, who went with a son Michael, a 15 year old Columbine student. We're Tariys. I'd say that the scenes in bowling for Columbine were the parents of some of the kids who died of that. It's just gut wrenching. It's just here here. And here's this miserable, crazy old poot. This obnatches old scene house son of a bitch, Charlton Heston. You son of a bitch. Coming right into town first in Denver and then in Flint, Michigan. There's a lot of people in the hills of these grotesque episodes taking place. And there he is with his NRA buddies shooting up the storm, you know. From my cold, dead hands. Well, guess what Chuck, they will be in the far too distant future, okay? If we're lucky. Who's son of a bitch? Man. The most anxious person of the 20th century is son from the dictators like Hitler, Emotionalini and Castro and Etra, but other than that, the most anxious entertainer of the 20th century could just be chucked a Heston. Am I right? That's another poll. We're there another poll for next week. WQM line 9. Hello. Pretty good, pal. It's dating. Pretty old poll. How about Del Cosby? Del Cosby was pretty big. Especially if you like Jello putting. Oh yeah, I do. When the club empty state. Talk to us. Okay. What do you say? Del Cosby? Del Cosby. He was on ice, firewood, Robert Coup. And then he was doing Jello commercials. Then he got his own show. The huts doubles. I don't forget that Albert. You know any black people named Huxtable by the way? No. But Del Cosby certainly deserves he's a giant. He's a dark giant in the entertainment industry. Now we're going to look people like him. I know what about like Charles Nelson Riley. 560505060 on the 18th century. And Verizon and Jean Raver. I know. Right off the bat, I say Jean Raver and he starts with that. I know it's coming. I'm pretty happy. I love the guitar. I love the guitar. I love the guitar. Jean Raver is right. I love the guitar. The little to throw them the blank dead is the word you're looking for. He eventually was not a pretty nice guy. Which quite frankly, you know, that's something to think about. Why should we care? I don't know why it is. This is against the sick media. And the tabloids. Why should we care if somebody who's, or a like for example, Russell Crowe. What do we care if he's a nice guy or not? Or Mel Gibson? No, that's a different story. Let's see. Yeah, that's where I grew up the line. For first of all, I don't like his acting. I think he's a piece of crap. Maybe you're good movie he did. Very hard. Like I said, Mel, you were movie he did. Oh, horrible. He made you never saw any of them. No, I did not. And I wouldn't see him anywhere. If he was in him. See? I saw, I was Russell Crowe though. I saw several of his movies. He's a weird actor here. But everybody says he's a piece of crap. Who cares? I don't. They said to say think about Peter Sellers. He may have been the funniest, one of the very funniest people ever in the movie. Peter Sellers. He was a panic. The pink panther. All of these things. Who cared if he was an ice guy or not? I mean, I know it's interesting to find out. You watch, and then of course you watch the pub pieces on like biography channel. They're not going to say anything negative about most of these people, right? Right. So you have to read these books. These Hollywood Babylon books. All these bad books. You know, if I were to lose one, did this. And you know, and the tab hunter was doing Tony Perkins. Then it's kind of interesting. But what? You don't find that interesting? Uh, it's interesting. You've kind of a voyeuristic way. I mean, not that we cared not to start business, but that I think was kind of interesting. That doesn't seem to work out. Anyway, you know what I'm saying? Just because somebody may be a real, uh, interesting is gomer pile and rock. Are we on an old, a gomer pile and rock Hudson? Are you starting those rumors again? Yeah, rumors. I think we know how gomer got it. Gomer is piles. So, is that you? W. W. Hello. Hi. Can I talk with Neil? Speaking. This Neil? Captain Marvel. Yes. Oh, great. Uh, I think. Who thinks for you? Yes. One on your pole. One of the greatest sense of pain is of the 20th century. We're at half to be curly, Joe Howard. Yeah. And the second thing about the Bible, the best thing you can use with a Bible. If you run out of papers, but you still got a bag of pots. You can use the pages out of the Bible and roll your, uh, you know what, with, uh, Roll your paper. Oh, yeah. Sorry. Or you can also write through the, you know what, although the ink does tend to run. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and right. We already got low Howard. We can only have a candid too many Howard's. How about Howard Duff? Kevin Q. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Kevin Chaz. Does it think? W. W. Yeah, Neil? Yes, sir. I'd like to join in on the festivities and add a female to the list. Go right answer. Chow up our net. Carol Burnett's a fantastic choice. She's a legend in the television industry right. Definitely. And you're doing a great job and I love you, Joe. Thanks a lot, Paul. I have a great day. Carol Burnett. And what's the thing she answered here if you're in the show with me? Yeah, most of these people, God bless you know where it's going. They got some, some sticks, some little thing, you know. That's a little stick. That's a little stick. Like Jerry Williams. Good night. For luck. Whatever he used to say to him, the show now he's dead for Jerry. I think I helped put him in a grave. I have to be a bad about that. All he was old enough he was damn your 90. Jerry Williams. Remember Jerry Williams? No. No, you know. Great talk show host. WMVX, WBC in Boston. WNWS. Miami. Yeah, the day that I called him and I told him that what's his name? Walter Seigle was sandbagged him and he wouldn't return his calls at WRKL. I think it was the next day that Jerry had a heart attack. I had that effect on some people. Yeah, so maybe next time I'm in town. I might try on somebody else. 12 minutes after WMVX, you heard about the big demand in the high pay potential for computer professionals. But if you ever wanted maybe a fifth career is right for you. Well, so here's your opportunity. Last year he was hosting a free one hour seminar and computers never came tomorrow evening. Both of the mining for lab adult campuses. You can learn basic PC troubleshooting and networking absolutely free. Seating for this free computer seminar is loaded. So pick up the phone and call fast train at 1-8-6-fast train. All attendees to the free seminar will get a diagnostic tool at no charge. I was like it, one of them at no charge. Call fast train, tool free to reserve your spot for tomorrow night. Call 1-8-6-fast train. If you do decide the new high-fank career, maybe in your future. Fast train can have you trained away because I'd need job in just four short months by the end of the summer. No doubt. So check out fast train on the web at fast train.com and then make that call that could really change your life forever. And especially to reserve your seat for tomorrow's free seminar, it's called 1-8-6-fast train. And be sure and tell them it'll all tie a drag told you to call. Slide and local. We're so much way you'll find six weeks to do a UAM. Hello, my amy-tow. Have five six-oWQA. Music Music's on the seas up we're lagging in the cold. Hey, from out ahead, lies that will be your battle of goal. To change the ocean is the one we get. Now they have only one way to go. No point in God should die. We got it. Now they'll put me in the sea. We got it. We won't attack the snowfall. We got it. We're so much way to go. We're so much way to go. We're so much way to go. Can't you hear the bubble that'll come to me? You believe what they say when they chant like the cold. The world for you has been you. I'm scared of the states of the world. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it.