Standship, how manure? Puppers over this performance by the golfers. Food and every way man, I've been everywhere man, I've been everywhere. I've been a reno's guy, no cargo, and those little bubbles around, they'll waste two sared, all the wind and those little cars, all the more. I'm going to stand the pound of a momma out of a momma. Soundpletoni art справ out the most of you are in our lives. Screw them in! pouma cha da doe, ...ilde e shipped�tto su de I know it's a fauona, what have you got to go? Yoo-hoo-hoo! Fucking siddeth ain't gallop at me the blip is black nesses I've got to go to the South Dakota and Michigan and lift them a quick straightaway. So, I can't wait to see my son over here. I can't wait to see where he is. I can't wait to see where he is. I can't wait to see where he is. And then we're going to watch it and he's here. Take back the water house! Yeah, yeah, this is all I screaming. You know, when you work for these guys, you feel like screaming a lot. Anyway, good luck. In 42 at 160 WQM. This is QAM, but we're not fast. We're not slow. We're just half fast. Anyway, I just want to commend the better my assistant, many people. I such a goofballs. Anyway, here's the pull from me yesterday. We've got to get both breaks in, right? I'm assuming. That would be correct. That would be correct. That would be. That would be correct. What's the greatest problem in the world faces today? We asked yesterday. Quist by now could be changing, you know. Right. But anyway, yesterday you said, over 1900 votes. Pretty good. Will this for anisism? Oh, who many are far-busin out there? Oh, there's been anis 800-19. George W. Bush speaking of religious nuts, 667. He's going to win though. I hate to break the news here. Overpopulation 231, global warming 70, 870, and starvation 45. I'm dying on the hand. Over 19 intervals. So overpopulation, well, I kind of moved up there after I've changed as the audience for not to have been left attention. Let me make it all as I'm like at babies, you may be ax. The more they say the rich girl rich who in a poor have babies and that is absolutely correct. The people who can at least afford to have and keep reproducing like fricking rabbits like cockroaches. Lunatics, maniacs. Tell us silly men in a dress. Cock's a hoist, okay? Probably has not a good be in in 20 years old. 1043 at 560 W to Q and happy Tuesday too. Right now, as I speak, Armstrong Ford-Homest had once to clear their lots and sell off all remaining O-4s and hear just some of the great deals waiting on you right now. An O-4F150 pickup, you made this to dollar over in-boys new O-4 explorers, just a buck over in-boys, Rangers, Congress, Tourism and Focus is all waiting for you at just one dollar over in-boys only at Armstrong Ford-Homest did. Plus, Armstrong Ford offers more value to you when you buy your Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get to exclusive tires and batteries for life program that is absolutely correct. tires and batteries for life. The value you get at Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there either because right now you get a free floor to some pass with any vehicle you be buying. If you're fresh for time, if you're like trying to put your life in a house back together and after all these hurricanes, Armstrong Ford knows you time is valuable, so calm and shot by phone 305-247-5112, the league and delivered that new vehicle right to you, wherever you hang in and out. Armstrong Ford-Homest did look willing to not put it, though, treat you just like family and I guarantee you, how about your current and tough and great life, all three of you won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. The NL even surged your course or winner too, no bait and switch, no full need deals. Armstrong Ford-Homest did the 307-25 South Fixie Highway, just and I'll throw the beastlies in there too, just 20 minutes out of the 86. Check out the web, ArmstrongCars.com and then travel a little and save hundreds, maybe thousands on a great new Ford only from Armstrong Ford of Homesdam. You're breaking it, you. Hello, this is Albert Kider from Tony's Unrecorded, providing you American Interdell to buy latest ad Steven's collection. You know my home it is right, but so can you hear that if you're buying, you've got a mischanted, you have to real start play. I'm aware that an American house is made low, and it's made low, and it's made low, and it's made low. I'm enjoying the Stasik! I was on the fairway, and suddenly the steam changed, the mages I converted, and wear it out of my hands. I'm in followed by an M16, but to the one with the money from your purchase does not go to fund terrorism. It's not time to get off the plane, just relax and take it easy. You're just dumb, that's your fault, and wouldn't have been a flyward to find our skin and a rag. If you want, AZ-Tain, another variation on a classic wood! I asked myself every day, which Americans should think, tell me, who the new home is today. You know, we should hear everybody, I'm coming to the neck of a woman. She lives in a very long and exposed house. So buy new cash, Steven's collection, you've taken 19 and you've bought it. All you can pay with these are master cards, or weapons of master's, or you've got to buy them. He's a Hamaslacher, I should point that out to you, and it ends up as semi. But other than that, he never stole out for a train, old cat, Steven. He just wants to hop on that piece train, just as long as there ain't no Jews on it. 1049, it's 11, we've bought 11 at 5, 60, WDQA, and another day in paradise, baby. Every day in QA, it means like another day in paradise, or is that hell? Elvirus, be good at is our VD Curtain Lady today? Cassandra Peterson, aka Elvirus. I would never know in her real name. Yeah, well, we did research. I see, did you know her real name before then? I did. Elvirus. Elvirus, at 10 or 17, 1914, and Manhattan, Kansas, no less. That would make her 51, 55. Happy birthday, Elvirus, you just turned 55, few days ago. Anyway, go through all of her films, it's kind of pointless anyway, because they're all the same stuff. And in spite of this, it's incredible. Scars and bears, Elvirus hunted hills, superstition, attack of the killer B movies, read-a-while Cinema, the Elvirus show of course. Acting on impulse, and about 85,000 other are jackel and hide together again. Move him a cob, king of the mountain coast, a coast, a coast, a chicken, a chong next movie, the working girls. Roma, aka Fellini, Roma. Alan Quarman and Lossity, a goal. That's my favorite. And heavy metal hunter, whole bunch. Cheatians and cheese, Roma. What I just got through is a whole, I had no idea. Well, here you go. See, Elvirus, at the moment, already, it's not even a clock yet. We only have been on a couple of minutes. After the extravagance of the pre-seeds is here's today's poll, and it's another lot exciting, because it's something we've been doing for months. I will do it. I guess we'll do one more time before the election. The election is five weeks away, and of course we've got some of those brilliant rocket scientists out there saying, what election? Oh, yeah. When you look at these like this polls, now you see that Bush is pulling further and further ahead. That's because he's at least consistent on every issue, man. He's a bloatman. Yeah, you name it. I mean, you got oil is over 50 bucks a barrel now, gas is through the roof. The economy's in the crapper, he's the first president since he read Hoover, they lost over a million jobs. It lost that jobs. Over under his watch. Iraq is a quagmar with a nightmare even roll and coal and Powell on Sunday admitted that. There is hopeless. I mean, everything you look at is just a freaking nightmare, and yet, he's coming up roses. And that's because when you look at the polls and you break down the states, and you look at the math that, you got the blue states and you got the red next states. Is what you got. And America is basically a redneck country. That's what it's become. I'm not saying it never was anything different, but it's a mudwunk redneck country. So if you look at the breakdown in the West, the far west and the northeast, the period is way ahead. I mean, way ahead. All the other parts of the country are like, especially the Midwest and the South, of course. Bush is way ahead. Plutpy, he's 23 points ahead in the Midwest. And that's kind of scary when he can sit in the Midwest, consist also of Michigan and Wisconsin and the soda and oil. Right? Missouri and then of course, a bunch of mudwunks states and oil. I'm not too sold on Ohio. After one trip to Cleveland, that was enough for me. And Lima, Ohio. Nothing could be fine if they didn't have a Lima. But a horrible place that is. Have you ever been there? Just been through Ohio. Can't tell you exactly. Everybody's who Lima, Ohio? Can't say that I have. Well, don't. Not that I remember. Ever been in Spinley, Ohio? No, since then, any cleavals. Bidley, Ohio is the birthplace of Joe Marsh Jr. Who? Anyway, the election is five weeks away, which applies to you. I'm voting Rock, solid for curing. Rock, solid. I'm leaning to Kerry. I'm leaning to Bush. I'll vote for Nader. And believe me, if you can't vote for Nader, we will come to your house and we will kill you. I'm not voting. What? But we're tracing. We got here at Convocation. We got here at Convocation. In fact, that's one of the reasons we're taking the pool. So we can screw it out those Nader holes out there. Oh, man. Let's see. I'll vote for Nader. I'm not voting. I'm not eligible to vote, which means you do you two young. We're like George and legal alien. Or I don't give a Schmidt. And believe me, there are plenty of those. And you know something. When it comes right down to what I can't even say, I've blamed those people in more. It's so ponderous and tired and there's so full of crap. All of them. It just makes me want to barf. Why do I care anymore? If you want four more years of this hell, like Ted Teresa Himes, Kitchib Kerry said, it's four years of hell. If you want another four years of it, you're getting to get me a deserve. That's all. But the people that continue voting for Nader out there, just the stubborn. No, don't confuse us with the facts. Don't tell us we're wasting our vote. Don't tell us we're having put bush back in the again for four more years of hell. We'll do whatever to help you. And you're like it. And we'll vote for Pat Buchanan if you don't like it. I got a lot of stuff here today. We like to take a few calls. What do we do? This particular poll, you don't need anything. Nothing to ban. I'm done. I'm going to say it in like writing Ross Perro or something like that. WQA and hello. Yes, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, what's this one after there's a program changes. Is our David still show, Joe? No, he's not. Go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go. That was really doing a voice. He's gotta be something. Don't we miss more a lot of people? Yeah, it's like it's like, you know, we have like a really bad pain and it goes away. And for a while you actually miss it. You know, you've had a chronic pain for a long period of time, though. No, and then it just vanishes and then it's like you miss it. You're so close to it, you know? Nope, or like when you have a toothache and somebody has scratched it and like oh, I can't kind of miss that aching feeling in my jaw No, yeah, oh come on. Are you? Do you say no or no? That's the thing. No, I thought for sure you said Now we got a pristine line up today and the course as long as the equipment here state I don't even want to go through it on here. You already said any clue of how embarrassing this radio station is it just? They just can't get it done and especially George Corso Mayanis guy this clown is an accident waiting to happen You if it's screw up a wetry and course, or you just absolutely the most embarrassing the most pathetic Thank God for fat Julio who built pretty much the studio that I'm sitting in along with the Toronto engineers He was a good guy. He knew his stuff He was a competent. He was a fun guy was friendly and that's why he got screwed and that's why he didn't fair no more He wasn't part of the inner circle of misfits Anyway, we got the mad dog at you the hump or his back if you've been out of town If you've been like hiding no waiting for the hurricanes to pass by the hump or The burger is back and forth after a long hiatus along unnecessary hiatus Marlon's on deck at 630 to Marlon's at the exposes that kind of run out this string They actually want a game last night in front of an announced crowd in Montreal of 3900 and some odd eight You see that dry screen on 100? Yeah, pretty pathetic Which means actually they're might have been like what 500 people are I keep and you know I should they show up? They know they're losing their team. They're not going anywhere they suck their plane of team And also isn't going anywhere so what what's the incentive any can't for the important baseball game tonight 1050 and like I said it's a crucial game. I don't want to get Jeffrey Laurie I'm saying it's a crucial game so be sure in tune and stay glued with tonight right here on we're not slow We're not fast. We're just half ass WQAM You know right now is one of those times when many of you might need help fast not half ass, but really fast Thankfully Donald mattress delivers the same day all across South Florida when you call 1 800 matches You choose from the deepest and widest election betting all available for same day delivery Call 1 800 mattress right now for factory direct prices and immediate delivery and like always like I've been telling your four years You still pick the bait into our window to fit your schedule and Donald mattress shows up on time 99.7% of the time That's 99.7% now Donald mattress is ranked number one a customer side of specs. Maybe we're winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torts of excellence award when you call 1 800 mattress you choose from the complete line of silly Sir to King coil Simmons temperpatic and even Stearns of an andest foster two with everybody loves all the smart folks are doing it They're making that one easy call. I've been calling these folks for years. You have new descent Instead of wasting time and a lot of money helping pay those betting and departments through his big overhead and schleping all over town wasting gas You just sit on your fat ass rhymes with gas to make that one easy call 1 800 mattress, 1 800 mah ttr ES 5 This love It's Just doesn't love Just willing your own I'm sorry. You're my favorite part of that spot is when he goes WWE and WWE and that's my favorite. I mean, you know, rock solid. That's pretty impressive too, but when he goes WWE and WWE, don't be picking on the big. Oh, you can't help myself. Speaking of guys that can't help myself, I just noticed on our website various something really sensational. Where did that come from? Was that loser weekly magazine? Oh, somebody emailed that to me this morning? And making the cover of loser weekly, there's the man from the one step error. There's day one step. We figured that probably would not be showing up on either the dolphin or the QAM websites. Man, that is just a beautiful thing. Yeah, you're fired, Dave. Okay? You're fired. You're out. Bye-bye. Get lost. Go away. Don't come back. And take the two quarter max both with you. Although quite frankly, from a Patriot fans standpoint, like I said, you're doing a hell of a job, Dave. Keep it up. And a turning was sent into a year and a half in jail for ambushing dozens of women while nude and taking pictures of their shocked expressions. Oh, my God. But Steven Linnon 34, I guess this is some of his dirty Linnon, huh? Plus, David Linnon 34 won't lose his law license, and will be allowed to leave you. Oh, the continued working is a law clerk. That's a story is great. And it's from Columbus, Ohio. Oh, God. Ever since the rumors invaded, there's never going to be the same again. He must start serving his time next week after being sentenced Monday and were plea bargain at Ohio's Franklin County Common Police Court. He pleaded guilty earlier this month to 53 misdemeanor counts of public and decency sexual imposition and criminal trespassing. Linnon, they form a attorney for the Ohio House Republican caucus. Oh, my God. As a mended with a photographing woman while he was unclosed over nearly two years, gaining the name of the naked photographer, he apologized in court but none of his victims was there. Judge Tommy Thompson, no king of the cheesehead, Tommy Thompson. And you know, how we don't see him no more? Right? They're trying to label Linnon a sexual offender saying he was not a threat to the community. He was unlikely to repeat the offense. Thompson ordered Linnon to keep seeking psychiatric treatment Linnon said in court that he meets with a psychologist weekly and goes to daily meetings for people addicted to sex. Prosecutors said they might appeal the judge's decision not to be glimmer register say sexually oriented offender. And maybe if they could prove he once ordered democratic, maybe he'll change his mind to judge. All of the others here's a little liner today, we're out there doing something mingling with a community, really getting involved with the South Florida community. Look for the QM van right now at 10 tech plus at 137th Avenue in Crowley in Miami, stop by to win T-shirts. The ones that the QM staff have to pay for if they want to, but you might win one for free and registered to what a vertex to some of his dolphins jet's game. And you think the life to be said in a verse and you ain't seen nothing yet. You think that long string of losses to the jets that went on there for how many years? But turn in there. You think that that was bad? You ain't seen nothing yet. I think a lot of people are going to start going just so they can do and carry on and screaming and get drunk. You know what? You get well. Not a single one already. So no, no, no, no. We ought to shoot. Why would that be any different from any other Sunday or Monday night? How is that pull coming? It really the first wave on there was their shocking. The election is five weeks away. Which of these applies to you? We got already 143 votes. I'm voting wax solid or carry 110. That's 77%. That's either our audience is lost carrying or just a heat bush like poison probably more the latter. And plus we probably taste maybe those bush people away. Too bad. Bye bye. We'll survive with action. They want to hear you in the minutes. They old parrot thing. They just want to hear the Fox News, the right wing craft, the Russia, the pop up craft over and over again. They don't know. They don't want to hear lies. And of course, Karen Hughes says, oh, we don't want to get dirty now. Start using words like lies. We want to put on something dignified like the wind surfing spot. That's pretty classy. What a bunch of pharbison ago, man. 143 votes 110 for carry. I'm voting Rock solid for boys. Rock solid. Nine. Life is head. Although for neither seven. I'm leaning to bush six. I'm leaning carry four. I don't give a schmitz three. I'm not eligible to vote three. And I'm not voting one. Wow. I think we're going to have a gigantic turn out and fool all the posters in the experts. You know what? This crowd anyway. Now, it's just like, and see, I'm saving this for a little bit later. But last night on CBS, I still do lots CBS. In fact, even more enthusiasticly than ever before. Now that I know for sure that we have an alternative to Fox Spacious News and CNN, which is nothing more than Fox light. Record overseas voter-specited. They're going to be not hundreds, not thousands, not hundreds of people who are not hundreds of thousands, but millions of those overseas who see the largest in history. You know, one and a one? Oh, I don't want it. Because people are pissed off and fired up. No, no, they're happy to be there. They're happy to be there too. I'm not talking about the flower. I'm not talking about Iraq. No, and did you see the thing last night? No. At one moment on there, who's lived in Britain for quite some time for years. In fact, he's at up kind of a Brit accident or self. And she pointed out that she's never had any anti-american sentiment before, but not because of the fact that the whole world hates us like poison. She's starting to get like some blowback as well. If I can say that, no, some brownback as well. The Bush administration takes heat for, oh, look at that. We got a couple of calls. I guess we better interest first one or two, because once I get going here, there won't be no stopping me today. I have got a pileman that would have one Howard's contest last Friday. That hands down your pants. WDQAM, hello. QAM? Yes. Good morning, you'll love this please. Yes sir, speaking. Sounds like Woody. You know, it's all pretty tomorrow. WDQAM, hello. Yes, I'm going to reserve vote, interduple. You ready to vote, okay? My, I'm self-rock-sawed for eight or eight in the firm. Bird. And it was great. Rock-solid. You should have put the period after that town. You're rock-solid, all right. A brain like a brick. I told you these calls are big. Great. This is the amitant of Tate is the bread and butter of QAM. This is what it's all about. WDQAM, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. Years ago, there was a highway patrol officer in the time rack area. Roderick, I thought. That they used to pull a girl's over. Get their address. And then he would get naked in the pocket lot at night. And he could get their house and steal their panties. Excellent. I bet he knew Cecil Collins. Cecil just wanted to take a look. Did I his work? Maybe pinch a little. Right. Maybe he was like the baratim. Maybe he had a candle opera. The bush administration takes C for a CIA trying to influence Iraq's elections. How do we want to say fixed? Because hearing who's, does one of the C's that kind of like, Wow. Like a lie and fixed elections? Of course, if anybody's got to go to school in fiction, like, President, I see him getting a joke up from this. President, I'm under a lot of stress from these bastards down there. I'll tell you that right now, they make my life miserable. If I somebody who down there ought to rot in hell, I don't want to mention any names because they're very uptight. And then they may be billed. When I want to say, you said, Hey, maybe screw you. You little, I love the step on his hands. In fact, you like the dish? I like the step in that elevated. There's just one time with the water not see on one side. Maybe by the way, I'm there with step on both of them. It's the same time. Oh, God. President Bush and interim Iraqi Prime Minister, they struggle as wrong. I odd, I'll always. This is not how you struggle as name. And since the last week that Iraq would go ahead with elections scheduled for January, despite continuing violence, but US officials tell Thai magazine that the Bush team landed a trouble with other plane of bombing those elections, a secret finding written several months ago proposing a covert CIA operation to a candidate's favor by Washington. Can't like what we didn't chill, you know? With Salvador Ayende. We'll see him no more. A source says the idea was to help such candidates, whose opponents might be receiving covert backing from other companies like Iran, but not necessarily to go as far as to rig the elections. But not necessarily. It goes so far. I'm a typical necessary. If it was absolutely necessary, well, lawmakers from both parties raised questions about the idea. When it was since the Capitol Hill, in particular, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi came on glued when she learned about what a surface described as a plan for the CIA to put an operation in place to affect the outcome of the elections. And again, how come the media aren't screaming about this? Huh? What can happen to Valerie play? What the hell happened to all these things? We have ways. And then of course CBS gets intimidated, so they bury the thing about the yellow cake about the Nigerian all that business, all they phony and memo is all those documents that we're not going to big lie. They're just to file the debt. And you know something that we're two more US soldiers usually, I start to show what they up there with a story on it. I can't find it. Lynn Sandals had a link on there, but Portland she does her own the linking and thinking on that website. And unfortunately, as she's done many times, it's nice to click on it and it links to the wrong story. But there were two more US soldiers killed in her back yesterday. It's just that nobody's talking about anymore because it's become so commonplace. So it's about a thousand and fifty as a magic number. Now nobody cares. Anyway, she became unglued. Pelosi had strong words with national security adviser Condoleezza Rice in a phone call about the issue. How do you like that? She had strong words with Condoleezza. I'd like to have strong words with her teller. You did? You struck? You wore? That's what Nancy called her. Rice folks been shown that the corpsman says I cannot anyway come and unclassify matters. The existence are not existence of findings. But McCormous says there have been a continue to be concerns about efforts by outsiders to influence the outcome. I'll be racked elections, including money flowing in from Iran. This raises concerns about whether there will be a level playing field for the election. In other words, they got to push on one side so we got to push back. You know, right? They hit us, we hit him back. The situation is too difficult to understand about what action if any of you should take in response. In the final analization we've adopted a policy that will not try to influence the outcome of the upcoming election, but covertly helping individual candidates for office. A senior U.S. official hinted that under pressure from the Capitol Hill, the administration's scaled back its original plans. This was a tough call. We went back and forth on the U.S. government. We consulted the Hill on this question. Our embassy and bagged it will run a number of overed programs to support the democratic electoral process as the U.S. as the U.S. does elsewhere in the world. Why? I got news for your audio where Rackies, you're going to get democracy and like it. I don't like it or not. You're not going to want it or not. I hit... Koot oil prices top 50 bucks a barrel. That's pretty crude. You know it. And thank you Mr. President. I'm not going to waste any time that it can be always forget it. Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. Koot oil futures contrast top the psychological milestone of $50 per barrel for the first time ever Tuesday. Surging to new record levels that could unsettle oil importing nations. Aimil is sitting stability in the Middle East, political unrest in Nigeria, Africa's top wall export. And the Caribbean's hurricanes were keeping traders onage about world supplies. Airbnb issue, you look at it from unemployment to Iraq to the world hitting us like poison to all of these things. To lie through your teeth, to all the dead the soldiers, and all the dead Iraqis. Air be signalish when that's why the president's popularity ratings are at the 54 percent. I asked him to stand you away because the American people are, Dumber than posts. See that story yesterday was good till it got changed his mind. Who's trying to talk himself into it? You don't have to talk yourself into going to Brandy so you can rate for a shoes because by now after all these years I'm talking about it for a couponsage. You should know that the best deal in town is waiting at your Brandy's shoes and top of your boots. They got the best prices in town, the best personal service, and the biggest luxury men's and women's name brand shoes. No off-brands that came in from my U.S. lobby somewhere, they got rock ports, floor shine, S.A.S. Spirit, Timberland, Naturalizer, all the other brands you know and love. Brandy's is often daily Monday to Saturday from 9 am to 9 pm Sunday, 10 to 5 in the same great location of In serving you in your feet for years now, 12.90 North Federal Highway in Papua, and right now is the right time to buy rock ports this week because it Brandy's all-grade men's and women's rock ports. Thousands of people are waiting for a $20 per cent of the regular already low prices. So be sure to come out of the store this week and save like crazy on rock ports or visit on the web at Brandy's shoes.com. They're all there, world. Really meant to make the whole Arab world really meant to have the whole Arab world so mad. Those prisoners retreated really bad, they made them strip, take it for a photograph and a form of those soldiers. And left and made the whole Arab world so mad. Boy, they said a record far right, and are left, but now it's nothing but a trap. George Bush and his homies are for the crap and made the whole Arab world so mad. There's a bunch of breathing widows, feeling sad and a lot of little children. Have no dad, he's poor, he's turned out. Really meant to make the whole Arab world so mad. There's a suicide farmer in Iraq, there's a bunch of people who just grab the food to his back, to get him in and he's spoken to the honor. Just like that. Well, you know that mushroom cloud that Iraq is gonna loot on us? Well, they were close. 250-3 votes, I want to crack a thousand during the show today by two o'clock. You want to crack? I want to crack. Well, why not? We ought to be able to get over a thousand votes during the show even though first we're on much reduced time now because of the fact that who to hold onto your dish, but 250-3 votes are ready. We can do over a thousand, between our two o'clock right? Indeed. We want everybody out there, we want to not just vote on this poll, but like five weeks from today. Well, that's scary. And of course, Thursday night in the Gables and Moral Gables is the first of the debates. Wow. I don't know what to make about that, you know? I don't know. You heard somebody I keep hearing about, well, you know, bushes more likable and is, I mean, you know, Gore was wooden, but she's. Oh, I got a great story about that too. Do I, uh, I sure hope I printed it out. Oh, no, yeah, I did. I got it somewhere. I got quite a pile here today. Oh, yeah, it's by John Nichols on the nation, but it's way down the list. You know what else I want to do before the end of the show? We says, Lee, I'm afraid to ask. No, remember that story I read on Friday from Diana on the, the Gurgdlob and the tablob, which generally why do we read other than for a kid relation purposes and some of those stories and the tablobs. But this was a great comment. In fact, I wish most of the comments to run a cut right where something is meaningful and is pointed. And as well, said, is Diana. We'll get fatty of Diana because I want to read that again several times between now and election day. Don't forget, look for that QAM van right now. A 10-pack plus 137th Avenue in Crowway and Miami step out of Winteshirts, which is really a way of above our usual. Maybe that's why I didn't get my check on time this day. If we had to pay for the t-shirts, but registered with a pair of tickets to Sunday's Dolphins Jetskame. I'm telling you, people over there are Naples, man. You are just a bunch of grave robbers. It's unbelievable. A bunch of slumpers you are. You're not? This is a schlopiole to go in. And you can look my Tussie. How do you like that? Anyway, here's the appellers also far. I'm just a little bit on a throw it all out there today. I'm just a kind of a nasty mood. I was in a very good mood when I woke up, but then you know, you know, this place. What happened? In OXEMR, it all can turn you around. So to speak, that's what Dussie. Back though, we've always turned in his ass around. Anyway, the election is five weeks away from today, which of these applies to you? 267 votes. They're starting to pour in heavy now, maybe. We can make that thousand. We can make it half a bunch of cowboys. And I'm just playing a few times. It's five minutes long. I'm voting Rock Solid for Kerry, baby. Rock Solid. 174,1% of all the Rock Solid. For Bush and after I've seen her head to be doing that, you have to be a massacist. You have to be a lunatic. You have to be a crazy person. Kind of like that. Or just richer. Religious number. 269.7%. I'll vote for Nader 10. 3.7%. I wasn't prepared for that. I think that's what we've shown. 7% are going to vote for Nader. Go to the jokers. No, they're not. Why? Why? You say that. But you know what's going to happen. Those are people. Well, Ralph Nader stands for everybody gets a free 65 core vet with 2-Extra Fan Balsen case they break. I'm leaning to Bush 9. I'm not eligible for votes 7. I'm not voting 6. I'm leaning to Kerry 6. I don't give it to him only 5 out of 267. Out of our usual who gives a crap audience. He's kind of shocky. coming shocking. WDQAM hello. Yeah, full rock soil for carry. WQAM hello. God, this is boring. Yeah, oh, he's back. Well, we've missed you so much, man. Like you missed a enormous bowling ball size tumor when they excise it. WDQAM hello. WDQAM hola. QAM. QAM. Yes, sir. Hey, what's up? I'm calling on the ball and I got another comment too. But what do you want to these people calling on the pole? What does that mean? The pole is on the internet. We don't, uh, we're not pulling on the ear. Why do you think that a computer is front of me? So I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm listening to your radio show every day. I got him, I, you know, I got to put in on the ball. Okay, put in. Um, rock ball. I'm carry. Yeah. And now my comment is, uh, what is your comment? Uh, I'm, I'm these sorry ass. Excuse me, my mouth there. On the dolphin. They're rude. I don't know. Wait a minute. I thought that was quite a compliment. Sorry ass doll. But I thought that was, uh, that's one of the nice things it's been said about him. The season so far. Well, I'm, I'm your caller yesterday on that zero and 16 record for the dolphin. You call it yesterday? Good. Lost. Or he sent on your call yesterday or whatever. He said I think he was the one, right? Go away. I don't want to talk about the dolphins. We got important fish to fry. Okay. Like them. It's a fish fry. Let's fry Dave wants that to start. That sounds like a good idea. Fried Gruper. Okay. It's like quite a trooper. They want to say this. I want to, uh, with a, with a handlebar mustache. Kind of thing if you let a girl a little bit. He's a little dear loser once said, I knew that before you came in a town. We knew that in Chicago, you're a professional loser. You're a, you haven't got a clue. My favorite was the way he gets all flustered and walks up and down the side. I would have like, oh, it's he, we got screwed again. And then of course, when the kid kicked the ball back in 10 yards, remember that? Nope. Josh remembers that when a kid kicked an accidently, ran into the ball. Kicked it back from midfield back to his own 40 yard. Like, oh, he's here. Put it good at the 40. Oh, it's he. He's screwed up again. It was great. It was great. It was great. I just don't know what's happening. Did that kid? Oh, God. We're so bad. We are sorry. Yeah. It's your right, Davey suck. Group of cases you asked him imposing book ban. Oh, my God. How unusual. I mean, you people out there that love to embrace fascism, baby. Religious, finitisism and fascism. Well, then book is right up your alley. Okay, and all his meal cons. He can be was on the cross and across far. What is it? Cross, cross, eyed last night. No one, Chris Samantha, you was what's that show? Hard ball. Hard balls. Yeah. He was on hard balls. He kicks in good ass. He was on ice going Ted. Have another one. A group of organizations representing publishers and officers. The federal government Monday saying it is blocking the works of authors and countries such as Cuba, Iran and Sudan from reaching the US today. In the lawsuit in US district court and hand in the group's asked if edible judge to remove government restrictions had allegedly blocked a free exchange of information and ideas. Otherwise, it said Americans have learned information from Cuba, Iran and Sudan are limited to reading what's already been written in those countries. The lawsuit noted that authors in those countries already work under government restrictions and blamed the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets control for an effect extending the force of foreign censorship to the US. The office was named as a defendant because it enforces US trade and bargarber regulations requiring publishers to obtain license to edit articles and books by authors and some of the countries. I bet you the people of Blackbuster love that, huh? Same mentality, same idea. A message for comment left with a Turkish-U.S. Department of Washington DC without immediately turned. I can't imagine why. Plendix includes the Association of American University of Presence, the professional and scholarly division of the Associates and the American Publishers and the Penn American Center. We're getting the second part of all the censorship now. Everything is banged in the US A. Pretty sticky. Okay, I'm telling you right now, I'm never ever going to put on our website or read on the year on this show, not that it makes any difference, but I'm just just my own drug is. Any of these CNN, Gallup USA, the day polls because they're all about fact, they're always exaggerated, especially if we find out that their methodology is they go out and they ask 400 Republicans in 10 Democrats. So you plan on voting on and Bush always has a bigger lead on their poll. Plus, like I started to say before, we've got that record on the cease-vote which we've got the story on that, if you missed it on CBS News last night. And there are a few tears in the CBS I have a two-band. And all those new voters that register, they're not getting pulled because it's all based on pre-right. And all the young voters with their cell phones who don't have like a regular phone listing and the directory and things and all these things, there could be like a surprise. Okay, not a lot of total surprise, but I know Vemburg to surprise. If it's not close enough, I'm going to fix it again. 26 past 11 and 5, 60 WQAM. If you find yourself looking at the mirror and thinking you could be doing much better if you took care of that hair loss, then get to the phone right now called the best in the business Chuck Alphiari. Charlie has been helping the famous and not so famous and the infamous looked there best for over 25 years, but you wouldn't even know his work when he's seen it because Charlie created the best, most natural system in the business that looks like the real thing. The most critical area of any hair system is the hairline and Charlie's new skinlite. Hair system is 100% un-detectable. The hair appears to be grown right on your scale. Charlie's work is guaranteed to eat your dry system for 30 days. Next, for a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting more action than you ever dreamed of, return it for a full refund. Make the call today, tool free. There's absolutely no obligation. Call 1-800-3212413. Tell Charlie, heard about it here on the world famous and he arrived to show him. Get you your special QWAM $200 discount, after regular $800 price of the natural hairline system. Again, a $200 discount just for mention my name. The secret to a great hair system makes sure nobody can tell you where in one mo. And Charlie's new skinlite care system is his natural as it gets. You'll believe how much better and younger you're looking at your Charlie's hair. So call I tool free number today, 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413. I love this piece of copy by the way, for the chops off at the end of the last sentence. Very good draw you're doing a baby, you're on the ball. And by the way, nice hair do. Or check them out on a web at CharlesOpere.com. More of the things that you brought your hair up in a physical look. It's in the 1660. A QA. For the drama of the way you've been here listening to the hockey authority, you're a real guy. My bad. But I'm under a lot of stress when you're here. I do. That's what she's worried so in the end. Look, I can fight the real guy. Now, from the money roll balls, I've got for the shabby ball, and I've got the right to knock out. That's it. It's not because she's alive. She made for her little cloud. But for the shabby ball, she's alive. And she's dead, me, over the cloud, me. And she died for my sister's family. She's a trout star. And she's got great fill out in the sky. And she's dead, stay with no one. What's like he's married in a full and full of happiness. I've got the shabby ball, and I've got the right to knock out. And she's at the pizza spot. I've got the cheater all my friends. She's with all my cheese balls. But for the shabby ball, me, over the cloud. She's got the shabby ball, and she's dead, me. And she's dead, me, over the cloud. And she's got the right to be rich in fat. And smell just like a star. And I'll take that. My breakfast, sweet and the night is gone. I'm not bad anyway. My body's got all my fat. I think it's really scary. I believe it's the Washington Post. Maybe she knows Paul. And you can go on our website and see the story. And if you go back to the original, uh, going to original Surin the Post, then you can go on there and you can click on it. All the details. I'll break down by sex, by a race, by a region. It's kind of scary. Because even women, a quite a bad pull, 49% for bush 46% for curie, which is really scary. When you consider the Gorbana women by 11%. So curie's got a lot of work to do. Okay. So does he take soft that Fred went mask on Thursday. Wouldn't that be something? If he took out his mask and turned out he looks just like Bubba. Yeah. I mean Bubba's got to be after worse and elevator. I think it would be a great prank to play on the bush people. Walsham with a curie mask on, would have to have a monster mask and then level some just as they're about to start to debate. He whips off the mask and it's Bubba. 375 votes. We got a shot of what about 500. We got to get to a thousand of these by two o'clock or else it's the last show I'm ever doing. Today. 375 votes on our pool. The election is five weeks from today. I know it's getting ponderous a lot of people. You got to do this again. And it's only five weeks away. Maybe. Zyne America man. I couldn't care. What do I care? I spent 95% in a free country, which ain't America. 277 say they're rock solid for curie. 71.2% rock solid for bush has in rocks in their head. 45. I'm not eligible. 14. I'm leaning to bush 14. Well, lean the other way. Okay. We're going to turn you in another house of leaning tower pizza. You're leaning to bush. I'll vote for native 12. Well, guess what? You have every native voters. 3% for them. I'm leaning to carry 12. I don't give a Schmidt 8 and I'm not voting 7. Everybody who votes for native will be shot as they leave the pools. Okay. That's not a threat. That's a promise. We have this. So covering yourself accordingly. We'll be looking over your shoulder. Here's the fact that really rambles on. But it's kind of amusing. I have to agree with your comment that bush is going to win as much as I hate to a mental log. I like it. It don't look pretty good right now. It looks pretty bad. In fact, I think the dolphins got a better chance to sweep on all their remaining 13 games than carry as well in your election. They got a shot. They got a shot. That's right. My native voters are going to get. I can just see the debate this week is so tired and old. They've already lowered the aspect. Well, I spent 95% of the time so far. Spirit about Kenneth Bustmachlund V at 9 30 years ago. Not the tararia are re-a-re-a-re-le-sus. Of course. They've already lowered the aspect. Tintin's going to bush is two words without stumbling. Like Abu Ghara, raped the meatable of the curing they mastered the beta. The candidates cannot speak directly to which other because of curing did bushwood crumble. So it's just that the above just pieces about flip-plopping and fuzzy math. But that's the point when you can't even convince the very people. Bush and company are screwing over to vote against him. That's a good point. The Democrats and Americans have no one to blame with themselves. So I'm voting Rock Solid for Kerry. Rock Solid. On WWW at Big O.com. Put in my mind. I don't give a shmit anymore. I think it'll be interesting to see what my good neighbors and armchair warriors Mr. Mrs. Rightwing Julio will do after Bush gets his second term in drafts of any he whole. We're going to be a title in 2005 in the military to get slaughtered in Iraq. And of course, he's a mitochondria which is saving grace. Yeah. Steving Gates. So that's the deal. Bush, now here's the appool that I will use. All I think most of them are full of crap. You know, there's a zombie pole in the few pole and the may pole. Bush maintains lead in the latest Washington Post ABC news pole. You maintain a clear lead over the Democrats on if Kerry continues to be perceived by most voters as a candidate best able to deal with Iraq. That I guess that's because things are going to well. So well over there. Right. So on the war on terrorism, which I didn't know we were fighting. I thought, and we got Osama, you're Malay Ed? Oh, no, but we got Cance Stevens. But currently, we see 51% of my likely voters while Kerry gets 45% independent of Ralph, maybe gets 1%. Oh, thank God. Nationally, and therefore later only gets 1% of people crazy enough to just throw away that vote. Among all registered voters, Bush holds a 7% lead. By healthy margins, Bush continues to be seen as the strong reliever and better able than Kerry to keep the US secure from terrorist attacks. You see that business of keeping everybody peeing in their pants all the time and time rid with a ZL light and purple light and green light, all of that crap. Payed off big time. On virtually every other issue in measure of care, through Bush holds the advantage of her his rival among registered voters, findings that understood the importance of the upcoming presidential debates to the Kerry campaign. I'm going to tell you again, and did I say it weeks ago, they've carried blew it in an opportunity. You could have driven a fleet of Mac trucks through there, they'd given an opening that big, even the dolphin running backs fit it out into there was so big. But no, he would have still voted to give the president. I mean, then of course he tries to like waffle on that, and well, I what he really meant was he would have dealt with it on the right way and you know. We needed to have a ventricle twist. We needed to have either 10 Kennedy or Howard Dean speaking the words while Kerry moved his lips ever so slowly. Theory continues to be viewed unfavorably by a plurality of voters, few had been 4 and 10, 37% said they got a positive impression of him, while 42% had an unfavorable impression of him. That findings suggest that more people intend to vote for him than personally like him and highlights the fact that Kerry continues to be void by a strong anti-vouch vote despite the progress evasion of him. All of that's the understanding of the century. And a survey that offered generally good news to Bush and the Nazis, there were some troubling notes. Majority of voters, 55% said they see this is what really kills me. He's got this 54% approval right now. Tires in January. But 55% said they were that Bush's two reckless in making policy decisions. And once again, few of them have of all voters say the one Iraq was worth the cost. A clear signal that events at Iraq perhaps even more than events on the campaign for you ultimately made a side to say election. And just like a colon Powell said no less than him than the willing, mild-complexed mocha Schwarz who said on Sunday. It's bad news, man. It's the advantage going to get worse. I bet you they weren't too pleased with that. I bet you got taken off to the woodshed again after that show. Oh no, not for another statement. Yeah. I bet you they spent his last and most closely both of them at the same time. But here's some hope. And we have more spent part of our summer on the streets of Paris, shopping for Americans, specifically she's looking for Americans, like her speed persuaded to vote. As CBS News correspondent White Andrews reports this year, it's not a tough sell. All around the world, both Republicans and Democrats would mobilize to register Americans living abroad, say they're overwhelmed by the response, we are swamped as times as Luis Marseille of Democrats abroad. Everybody wants to vote. People who haven't voted in 30 and 40 years. Not 30 men are coming to vote. From a crowded registration table in Paris to an outdoor cafe in Perrita, we see this citizen center in Israel and a packed political meeting in London all signs indicate that an explosion of new voters are going to happen. Overtime Americans could add millions of votes to this year's tally. One American in Paris, Frank DeBona, who hasn't voted. Not 30 men. And 30 years explains why. Two words he says, George Bush. President Bush is handling the war on terrorist issue overseas. The reason behind all this newfound energy at a pro-Cari rally in London. Most voters, Brian Mr. Bush, were making America mistrusted and hated despised. As an American living overseas for the first time this year, I've been subjected to real anti-American freedom. It's been very vocal and very disturbing. It says in the book of a voter in London. But travel to Israel all if you dare. And many Americans have here admire how the President for dress strength. You see, all you gotta do is start up to Israel, man. And all of a sudden they start putting the right schmop is on. You never still afraid to. These wonderful Bush recognizes the danger that's facing the US and is doing a great deal with face that dangerous is Naomi Lightenary voter living in Israel. So I guess what? I'll be. Typically, Americans are overseas on path of vote, but this election is about America standing in the world in this time. It's about where they live and they're going to vote by the millions. How they like that? Now, if we can just make sure that those votes are counted. Twenty-till noon at five, sixty-w-two-q-a-m. Do you want to know more about following a low-carb guy if you want to go as millions of fat people out there who's choked on your own fat? Do you want the best tasting largest election of low-carb foods in the best price? And here's a store of your tea. You're going to love the lights of West Boca. Whether you're starting or restarting the Atkins, the sugar must do it in South Beach any low-carb sugar free diet. The United States is always been the number one low-carb store in town. Of course, you can vote your local grocery store and get your meat and cheese and cheese and meat and seafood stuff like that. But if you want some stuff with some great taste and variety, this is the place. Delights. And if you want to have a store where you can sample before you buy anything, this is also the place. And also, at the lighting, you have all your questions about low-carb answering by the staff who are experts. So if you want friendly service, unbeatable low prices come to the low-carb headquarters. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. And if you want to have a good time at the store, you can also have a good time at the store. I'll lend the freedom. And I would high-five the TV said, you go, boy, I should go and damn. But it ain't going to happen because now they've been putting their place. And those of you who think they'd help Presidente is doing a great job on fighting terror. This story also ought to have people peeing in their pants. And you know, it was on the news for about three seconds, and I was in the middle that you're wondering a more about it. The FBI has a backlog of hundreds of thousands. Let me say it again. Hundreds of thousands of hours. Of un-translated audio recordings from terrorism and espionage investigations, despite large increases in money and personnel for translations since the 2001 terror attacks, a justice department or released yesterday be found and out. Hundreds of thousands of hours on translated audio recordings from terrorism and espionage investigations. This is the administration of doing a fine job of fighting terror. Oh, we're flying. In addition, you ought to buy Glenn a fine. Who said, oh, we're flying. I can't eat up. No, I'm not. That's his name. Glenn A. Fine. The agency's Inspector General found that more than a third of health had intercepts authorized by a secret federal court were not reviewed within 12 hours of collection as required by FBI FBI director Robert Mueller who makes a hell of a pasta by the way. Our audit highlighted the significant challenges facing the FBI to ensure that translation of key information is performed timely and accurately. Fine. Oh, we're flying. The audit was completed in July and classified form the version of what he's Monday was edited to remove sections classified as secret by the FBI. Ooh. Since 911 more than 1203 thousand hours of audio and languages associated with terrorism still had not been reviewed as of April 2004. The audit found in addition, more than 370 thousand hours of audio associated with counterintelligence in up and renewed. You're talking about a half a million hours of audio. And they're going. Who's ordering lunch? This backlog existed even though the FBI's language services funding had increased from 21.5 million in fiscal 2001 about 70 million in fiscal 2004 as they continue patient your tax dollars down the toilet. The number of languages risen from 883 to over 1214 over that period. The FBI also is not meeting Mueller's requirements at all al-Qaeda communications collected at at least 420 surveillance activity reviewed within 12 hours of an exception. During April 2004 the audit found 36% of system communications were not even received in FBI headquarters within 12 hours, much less reviewed. The audit found that the FBI still has the necessary language personnel to do all the need translation work. I guess if they find any more facts near they better fire them too like they were doing. That's one of the reasons they don't have all the personnel they need. To do all the translation work needed and limitations in its technology, especially in computer storage capacity also caused problems of lead to backlogs. The audit made 18 recommendations for the FBI many of which have already been implemented fine said. Oh, we're fine. If the official told auditors they're hiring linguists as quickly as possible, the FBI appears to be taking steps to address these issues, which are critical in terms of the FBI's counterterrorism and counterintelligence editors efforts rather fine. How do you like that? And then nothing to make you want to pee your pants? We're doing a baby. So we're making you safe from terror. We're going to do a great job in Al-Qaeda even though of course, and let me just point this out to you. I know these will make you tears come to your eyes. Even now, as of this date September 28, 2004, 40% of Americans still believe that that Sodom Hussein had something in do with 9.11. Well, he watched it on TV. 40% okay. So look to your left. Look to your right. I guarantee there's some ass trolls in both directions. Oh, yeah, Josh. No, like I said. I didn't say it looks straight ahead. Oh, okay. He's under a lot of stress. He had to work with Dave Ann Boyn on it. I've got to butcher him up a little bit. An impossible task. Oh, I will say this day to at least they've been working out of good voice. You're not going to look good. Do I look good, like for Joe's a gag. He goes such a good guy. I hate, and I don't hate picking on because he's horrible. He's just awful. And most promos. Let me be better off not to play the promos. Just to say, hey, we got 10 sports here and you want to hear it. But that's Joe's a gag. And that's why they're on choice by the way. They had a chance to get those in for to do her cane football. Remember that? Well, no, we want one person doing all of our sports. Even though he's like a doldered and a thick head. Not a personality like a dead man. But nevertheless, oh, it's so sad. Anyway, here's the deal. How many of our, we're going to get to a thousand or about five, oh, three. Five, oh, three. We need to get out of the state about five, seventy five by the top of the yard. I don't think that's going to happen. I mean, we need a tremendous number of votes on here. Everybody who's got a computer going, going to like somebody's office and use their computer. Or just go to a store and steal one. I don't know why. I just got a bug up my yesterday. Of course, I started before the show with our technical incompetence and with the course. The fact that beesleys can't pay people on time is just at least they're consistent. You know, just to lose the minor problems like that, it's only like going to be 40's late. And I was to know probably a little bit of an OSCO. I'm loaded there. I'll play a case. You just relax over there. Okay. You more ons. And they probably got to pay for the shrink for Joyce. When you think the shrink fit. Five hundred thirteen votes. The election is five weeks from today. We're talking about the presidential election. You idiots out there. You dumbies. You quizlings. Which applies to you? I'm voting Rock Solid for Kerry. It's number 57. Rock Solid. 69.5%. He dropped under 70. There's not a good sign. I'm voting Rock Solid for Boris 61. Rock Solid between the years. 11.8%. I'm not eligible vote 19. I'm leaning in Kerry 19. I'm leaning to Boris 16. Although for later 15. 2.9%. See if my town a little bit after we told him that if they go for later they will be shot. I don't give a Schmidt 14. I'm not voting 12. Only 2.3% of this is student audience. Ain't voting. We still have some of those t-shirts for the boy. Parts I know. Look for the QAM van. Right now I 10-checked plus hundred thirty seven-thaton crow away and my mime stop by to win. Oh, to win t-shirts. You might have to spin the wheel. And where does the one of her tickets to Sunday's dolphins in Jets game? Oh, man. Somebody QA and hello. Up there. QAM. Hello. Well, here we go. Now listen. I'm giving you a window of opportunity here for you to have through it. W-QAM. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. How you doing? All right. Good. Listen. If it's as soon as we think it is, I don't really think you should be paying too much attention to these polls. Yeah. Because they don't have this passing of a long amount of pay attention to Gallup on any more because we know how to say anything. But any of them, I mean, I think there's a great under-squel of people that are simply going to vote again. It's just going to be going to vote against Bush that they're not even counting on. And that would be swell. Also, my- I don't know if it's the over-not the under. Also, I mean, we need an over-swell. You know, I'm sorry. You sound just like my dad. Yeah. That's why I joined the remote comfortable to call you. Right. I understand. My favorite book a brand that I didn't get in on that last week. What is it? The original morning show bit with Geeth Owen and Goldie and Ron Hersey. Well, we have a bunch of those. But that original one of the morning show bit was simply hilarious. Although, the other one would be the- I'm not morning sickness, Chris. Yeah. The morning sickness, Chris. I'm going to play that, isn't? I think we can get in there. Oh, that would be great. Look it back! All right, shy. I'm getting a... Oh, he's set off right. Yeah, I think there. Now, how is that possible? We may be replacing Ron piece of equipment because I don't know what's going on up there. Oh, no. That makes all of us. Oh, no. Let's see. He goes through your microphone, you see. Oh, I see. Is that what it was? Yeah, you're right. No, it is only the mic. Because we've tried that experiment. You see, and you didn't remind me just now when they happened. I should have let it go. Oh, yeah, you're right. I think it would be at you. Man, you were also... What is wrong with you? I don't know. Same thing, it's probably the way you work for, I know. It's 11.56. 16WC, and don't forget the arangers.com. Get everybody, you know, to get on their own. If you want 80 million votes by two o'clock, so that means, hey, look at this. We got a whole bunch of votes. And then it'll be the same piece of crap. That was before we started this morning. It's just, they're not going to get anybody, you know? You just, in life there's a good piece of philosophy for you. Do the best you can. I saw both it all, but dump it into a frenzy. Don't get yourself like, ah, you know. It doesn't help. It doesn't make anything's any better. I mean, you know, like when my father died, I was very pleased about that. Anyway, it's 4 minutes till noon at 5. See, that did make things a lot better mentally. I don't know what it is, you know? And then, of course, mom. Hey, if you're playing, I'm replacing your carpeting because they look old and filthy. Or if maybe you're thinking about having carpet, area, works, drape, or all of these things professionally clean. Do yourself a big favor. You would have been doing for over 20 years, called my good close personal friends at Riot Concepts because they're the best in the world. Why would you even think about doing business with anybody else? Riot Concepts is the best at bringing those carpets back to life. Even if they look like they're out of life, like they're dead, like you have to spend a lot of money to replace them, forget about it. Because Riot Concepts will sanitize your home, they're using their certified train technicians who drag clean your carpets, which sucks out even the deepest down dirt in the five of your carpet, leaving them looking and smelling just like brand new. They smell like many fresh. They're drying a couple of hours. And it looks like you had brand new, like I said, laid right on your floor. And no rip-offs, no games. They don't play the BS of per room scams, like most of the other carpet cleaning companies. They give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start to job and that's what you pay. Believe you me, when they get done, you're looking your floor and you'll be shaking your head and the measurement because they do such a fantastic job. Call them toll free. You'd never use anybody else again. Once you use these people for a time, like I've been doing for over 20 years, call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Run the wicked web at brightconcepts.com. We go now with straight down, we'll be your Rogers morning's immediately. Or, of course, on my mind, the price is the same way. You'd go over your misdivouce. And I'll be with him, you'd be well-worned out. Hey, hey, look like he's nearly done at a day in boot again. And anything played on at Carolyn? Welcome back to the morning sickness, Grooze. We've only talked about sports and a rapid pace. We've only talked about sports and a rapid pace. No, no, no, no, no. The whole force, after here, tough. Hey, hey, hey, that's good. What I was at the track last night, a horse I bet on was so slow. Then, Jockey kept it diaries. How did that Carolyn about the Gail it was raped in the hurry games locker room? Oh, yeah, yeah. And thanks for making his studio smell better, Dutch. Okay, we got the dream comics on the line. Hey, let's dream about the game, man. Hey, do you learn that from me and say, Well, they know about it knocking down the white-ed door for traction, the shitty Michael, whether or whether or whether they are the wash-miff. Well, we can't assume they have it, it'll be in the oven, if you have it in the middle of your family. What did he say? Well, I'm not a senator, but I say, to build a brother and the money salary, we can't even care about that. Tell him that, who the abuse is good to dad, say it, who the move's not happening this year. And if I do not do it, then I'll get no matter how soon you open the lift country, and we can't get to it. We can't get to it, we can't get to it. We've got to leave a lot of data, we've got to leave it. We've got to leave it, we've got to leave it. We've got to leave it, we've got to leave it. Thank you for your call. Okay, thanks very much for the interactive comedy bit. All right, hit a view, go behind. So, go behind. Yeah, that you go behind. So, go behind. But you take on college athletes who aspire to play Schmeer the queer. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You've got up my guess, playin' there. Okay. Yeah, you raise your toes. Take a break. Do what you said about crab soccer. Sounds like a real ice queen of the ice me. Yeah, let's fly it into that. Oh, love, we got to die with the ice for the third time today. Hi, you Kenny. Thank you for your call. Thank you, Miss Mothman. You boys offered us a rated season. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Follow two. Thanks for reminding us we haven't played on the tunes, you know? Yeah. It's outstanding. Let's get the what's his name back. Let's get the old Ron Hershey Highway. What do you say? To do what? What do you mean? What do you mean? Five hundred eighty two votes. And so far, Brock Salad for carry four eleven seventy-point six percent. Brock Salad for bus sixty nine. Oh, yeah. 11.8 percent. Leaning to carry twenty four. Not all civil of the boat nineteen. Leaning to boost seventeen. Although for nater sixteen two points seven percent. See, see how we had drumbed down. I don't give a Smith 14 and I'm not voting twelve because I just, I'm just who's stupid. I don't care. What's the use? I'm lazy. I'm a piece of crap. We love old Bobby Waxler though. Good news. Federal appeals court yesterday we vibe to lawsuit seeking a full paper trail for Florida's new touchscreen voting machines with only five weeks before the election. The court told the lower court judge to reopen the case affecting the 15 Florida counties that use voting machines that don't create paper copies. Three judges from the London US Circuit Court of Appeals wrote that the federal judge and properly decided not to get involved in the lawsuit. Find by US representative Bobby Waxler, some Florida congressman. Well, guess who was on TV this morning? Who was on TV this morning? Yesterday was Miss Mark Foley this morning that Mr. Charlie Christ on there. And I'll talk about the hurricane in the last time. I said. Anyway, we vacate that decision and we demand for a consideration of the merits of the unsigned ruling reads. A state of field court rule last month that a paper trail of balance was not required. The voters are not guaranteed a perfect voting system. Right. In other words, well, if it's fairly close, that's good enough. Waxler had argued that the paperless voting system makes manual recounts impossible. He sued state elections officials arguing that constitutional promises of equal protection will be violated by a voting system that varies from county to county and Florida. This is a huge win. Huge. Works are responsible in the Lail, Mammah, a system is washed in office. Lail, what kind of an name is that? Probably with the Yale. But I'd dummy. Nice going there, Bobby Waxler, you're the best man. He's good. Let's put him in there. What are you saying? Okay. Yeah, I say okay too. Bobby Waxler from President and Baby. Oh. 560, 560, on the Verizon Insulator Wireless Lines. Well, we'll include a few of your calls today because they have been good. You better admit that. So far. WKWN, hello. Good morning. You're looking for a spot. I'm going to speak about the WKWN. Buddy Georgia, but, man. Okay. WKWN, hello. Okay, sir. Yes, sir. I'm trying to get in because we're time up set or brown back and you're afraid of him as a lunatic. And I was wondering if you were going to refer to Kerry as one tooth and he voted for it. So, what's the lunatic going to go or should be as well? Yeah, they're all bunch of lunatics, man. So, join the club. Okay. 560, have a nice head that Kerry didn't have the balls. Then I talk about that at Lank yesterday. And not at words. And not Kennedy and all these Spiramless powers who are afraid to be seen as voting for in these days. And I say that, yes. But then they couldn't offer you lunatic. It says, one thing I can't say is people that start with an in-colleague, you ask wife. WKWN, hello. I'd love to see that in the debate, sir. They have Kerry called a Bush and asked wife, yes, sir. Does that gas in the car? WKWN, hello. And that's your buddy again. That's, uh, which one? Hi, I'm Tommy. That's him, oh yeah. You can do line mode and that's good. WKWN, hello. How's it going? Pretty good. It's been producing a steel game, sir. Yes, sir. Excuse me. I saw a couple of seed paper platform for you. Yeah. We're just east of Falinda, three troopers that follow them all along. Like hotcakes on sausage. Or what? I can't understand. They're still. They're still holding a cage up in their way. I've got you back here. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I told you the cause was sensual day tonight. Indeed. Oh, wait for you to hear this. That girl's parallelism, baby. Oh, exactly. I'd rather leave. Jerusalem. Creek, a Greek Orthodox in Francis can freeze Got into a fist fight yesterday. If the church of the Holy Sepaglor. Sepaglor. Careful. Holy Sepaglor. Christianity is holy as shrine. After arguing over whether a Dorothy Basilica should be closed to bring a recession. They got into a fist fight. Which is probably not the richest thing you do on a minimal ever do. Oh, dozens of people, including several Israeli police officers. Oh, we're sure. Oh, we're slightly heard in the brawl of the shrine. Go over the scob or tradition says, Jesus was crucified and buried. Four priests were detained. Police, folksman. Smaller than Ruby said. Oh, what a great name. Smaller. Kestity of the church in the Holy Sepaglor is shared by several denominations that tell usly guard territory and responsibility. Under a fragile deal hammered out over the last centuries. Any perceived encroachment on one group's turkey may devicious views. Sometimes lasting hundreds of years. Monday's fight broke out during a procession of hundreds of reconciled with the Greek Orthodox worshipers commemorating the fourth century of pilgrimage by Helena, mother of Emperor Constantine in Jerusalem. Tradition says that during the trip Helena found the cross on which Jesus had been crucified and then she moved to Montana. Church official speaking on condition of anonymity said that at one point the Precession passed a Roman Catholic chapel and priests from both sides started arguing a will of the door to the chapel should be open or closed. Club wielding Israeli riot police broke up the fight when this is said after where the Precession continued. Club wielding Israeli riot police. They are right, you know. A lot of riot. Great Orthodox priest, rest in black robes and Donny elaborate headresses that kid year again marched out of the churches, bells rang loudly. Carrying gold, staves and roses. What is a stave? Stave. Stave. Stave. Stave. Plural for stuff. Staves. Staves. Carrying stuff and roses. You marched through the church court. And then I was like, I knew Jews the body set. The Madonna Jews. Oh, good. Cabalas. Cabalas. Cabalas. Whatever that is. I want to thank you. They marched through the church court. You are in down a narrow stone alley as re-corthock's Christians. Concerted. All right. You go boys. I ride. In 2003 Israeli police threatened to live in the North of the Lado. Within the Easter ceremony. If the dominations did not agree on who would lead the ceremony. Police broke it. The ceremony passed peacefully. If I were to put a punk that called before about Sam Brown back. You too young to join the F.L.S.S. Okay. You're not to join the Hitler youth. But a year earlier the great Greek Patriarch and our Armenian clergyman designated enter the tomb of St. Oh, I better read those programs again. It's important carefully. In 2003 Israeli police threatened the limit to number of worshipers. A lot of the attendees. The Easter ceremony. If the dominations did not agree on who would lead the ceremony. Police broke it. Last month. The ceremony passed peacefully. But a year earlier. The Greek Patriarch and Armenian clergyman designated to enter the tomb of St. Blows after a dispute over who'd be the first eggs of the chamber. Oh, my God. All mighty. Oh, Jesus. That's about. A good old-time religion, baby. Hate. Hate and intolerance. And murder and bloodshed. Stuff like that. All these things. All of these strings. Like I said. Oh, and here's another good pre-story. I'm sure you saw this. A district attorney said yesterday that he would not prosecute a Roman Catholic bishop Thomas DuPray on child rape charges because these statute limitations had expired in the case. Unfortunately for us, the bishop hasn't expired yet. Hopefully soon. And an indictment on COD yesterday, DuPray with charge with the listing two boys and 1970s, becoming the first Roman Catholic bishop to face criminal charges in a six-to-be scandal that has rocked the American church. Oh, I see. However, the grand jury returned in that mince only related to the church. It's not the other possible charges such as witness tampering of Stratten justice. But not those indictments. Handtendistory to attorney William Bennett said he was precluded from pursuing the case because the statute limitations enforce it to time of the alleged crimes was limited to six years. Even with probable cause, there was a strong possibility that prosecutors and statifications could be barred by the statute limitation that had set in a new conference ours after the indictment was on COD. DuPray, 70, cited health reasons when he resigned in February after nine years of the Springfield, Diocese was departure came one day after the Republican news paper of Springfield, that's the name of the paper. In front of the name of the allegations he abused to boys while he was a first priest. So he's just a coincidence that he'll help that he retired over signed the next day. The intent was handed up by a grand jury Friday on COD yesterday morning. Bennett said the grand jury was convenient to investigate all aspects of the allegations against DuPray including whether he tried to cover the abuse up or whether he had abuse any other children. When Bennett announced in the spring that he would present the case of a grand jury initially considered it could be difficult to charge DuPray with abuse because of the statute limitations but the prosecutor later said that DuPray could be charged because of his more recent attempts to conceal the alleged crimes. In fact, if that's the case, why don't they put the Pope in jail, huh? Talk about a gigantic cover up. Man. Even at ball studies been trying to cover up all these even moan ever tried to cover up his back. I don't know. I'll pop a little bit of big smock that they were as on his head. What do you call that thing? That big your crown? The pointy hat? Yeah, the pointy hat? Pointy hat? The major? The Pope has a very important thing, man. See, back in the day, I had a line for that, but I better not use it. What do you do with the pointy thing? Well, from an attempt to a level that had not been found at noon at 5.60WC, how we do in our road with the house near? We're going to make it? We'll make it. Uh, or else, 6.24. We're going to have to get out with a single about 8.50 by the end of the South because the one and two hours week, they're all listening to Rush by them. Let's do that. They're all top and pills by one o'clock. So we got to make it to like 8.50 by him. Wanna clock? Or else? Right now, Armstrong for the home to the ones to clear with the lawn clear. My throat they want to clear their lots and sell off all remaining O4s. Here are just a big radio's waiting on you as I speak. An O4 F150 pick up your biggest $1 over in-voice. New O4 Explorer is your biggest buck of win-voice. Rangers, crowned eggs, toruses, and sofice is always in for you. I just $1 over in-voice only at Armstrong for the home to it. Plus Armstrong for it offers more valued with soil customers. When you buy your 4 for Armstrong, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for like program. Nobody know where it does that. That's right tires and batteries for life. The value of get Armstrong for it doesn't stop there because right now you'll get a free floor to some pests with any vehicle you buy. If your pressed for time, I'd have to stick up that phone and you can shop right over the phone to Armstrong for just column 305 247 5112. That's 305 247 5112. It'll even look at that new vehicle right to you wherever you're hanging out. Armstrong for it, home to it, great folks to do business with, they're local to not afraid it. It'll treat you just like family and I'll bet your clements is life on it. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town. Nobody in switch, no phone ideals. There's the best deals going anywhere. Armstrong for it, home to it. They're located at 307 25. South-Cxi Highway, 20 minutes south of the 86. Check them on the web at ArmstrongCarors.com. Grab a little and save thousands on your new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of home stay. This is Jim. Love your show, me, I love you, love you. President Bush expanded healthcare for children and contact access to stimulate the economy. I don't like that. If I am elected president, this will be an America that invites inflation and recession. And I have a plan to do so George Bush has no plan. I will move America in a new direction. They will erode any recovery and threaten the prospect of lasting prosperity in our nation. In the blink of an eye, millions of families struggling to pay higher healthcare costs, higher college tuition, trillions and deficits over the next decade. If I am president, that is the new direction that I will serve for our budget and for our economy. Thank you very much. Welcome to the final chapter of the New Year's Day. Welcome to our next chapter of the New Year's Day. King of Jordan says Iraq is unsafe for the elections. Public health of Heenil, about elections in democracy, right? Yeah, but I think he's very, very clean. Jordan's King Abdullah says only extremist will gain if Iraqi elections go ahead and find in January. How do you like that? Oh my God. In a Texas room in the advanced of the interview with the French Daily newspaper, they figured out the king said it appears to be impossible to organize in this beautiful elections in the chaos currently raining in Iraq. And of course anybody with a brain knows that he is so lonely, correct? The king also expressed concern that partial elections which are excluded city such as allusia could isolate suly Muslims. Same that that could create even deeper divisions in the country and more confusion about who's got the best head year. Abdullah who's due to meet French President Jacques Chirac on Paris in Paris today has been a strong Middle East ally of the US and so on terror. Both US and Iraqi leaders have said polls will go ahead, but last week US Defense Secretary Donald Hermann Kerry Rumsfeld raised the possibility that elections could be excluded from the English parts of the country. In a bit of crack down on these dangerous areas, Secretary-State Roland Colenpo will set the American military will move into insurgent heavy, no go zones in Iraq to clear the way for legitimate elections, Abdullah has also urged Iraqi authorities to be constitute elements of the order of Iraqi army to help trans security forces as insurgent attacks racked ination. Last Sunday was face to face and next Sunday it's going to be racked with that Iraq donation. Is that what it is? Yeah. Iraq and it. Oh, we're going to espack. Why sure hope this is good? What is this? Air the next page is better. But that one maybe. Let me hope. Yeah. Why is this? Is this like a predictions of the pollination of the following page? I see. Four years ago on lesson day I sent you an Excel spreadsheet like the one that has listed in the states where the electoral votes would go. I had a girl winning 273 to 265 with girl winning Florida. I actually go to bed and write it up because he won a 267 without Florida. Yes, I know he won. About that 2000 election they showed me. Every year, why do you show his weapon? If I had to rate all your shows for all time I'd vote for 2000 election they showed number one and the following day number two. How do you like that? They were great especially day two beginning a number when you played in Florida. Are they talking to my dying floor? I'm sure they wanted to talk to them about. Oh, dying. I haven't played it probably. I haven't played it since then. Although of course any days I was a good day to die in Florida. What else is it? This is still sounding as good as ever. Which is perfect to the QMC of the planet's coming to a screen now. Oh, man. About a period of generation to up. I'm dying out of my hair. But he needs to. I'm scared to my life and all day if you can't write. I'm home. We're in a good world too. Absolutely positive. It's a great success. I said, a friend to the factor. But what was really fascinating was little old lady who called you in real time. I think before an old lady she'd vote a mistake and leave her be cannon. I remember that? I guess I did. I remember that. From Com Beach. You jumped around with her first. We had lots of fun with the call. But later in the day, you started realizing something was terribly wrong. You were going, oh, a lot. We were listening in real time to the horror that would follow that night. I would love to listen to those two shows again. No chance. Anyway, Neil, if I may be so presumptuous starting the day, I will send you an electoral college production every two day. Write up to a election day. Wow. I've listed the states a little differently this time. Some states are on top. What is it? Oshuris states on top. Have they leaning states in extant toss-up states last? I'll make my predictions as to every Tuesday. I don't have a winner yet because I have five states that are too close to call. This is for a see. Who needs Gallup? Who needs CNN? Who needs ABC? Who needs the Washington Post? Who needs John Zagbe? Who needs all of these going? Right. Who needs all of these going? Right. Who needs all of these going? Right. And they are about see. Of course you may or may not agree with my predictions. So make your adjustments accordingly. Once again, Neil, I think whoever wins Florida will win the election. Unfortunately, this was bad for Kerry. They stole it last time. You have will probably steal it again. Absolutely. It's the same amount as 2000. Whoever wins two out of three among Pennsylvania will have a slower duh. Or when the election. Democrats still might surprise but turn out the election day from what I'm hearing that M's are kicking ass and voter registration in this Wednesday. The last one that awaits convincingly and upholders reputation as a strong closure and unmatched friend when look alike. Right. Right. Well, let's see. He's got boy. I mean, this is two Congress meeting. Go down this whole list here. Just let me just see. We've got one in West Virginia. Boy, show all these right about these ahead. He's a heavily. Yeah. Who's he got in Missouri? Boy, thanks. Correct. What about Wisconsin? Where is he got Wisconsin going over here? He's got two close to call. Right now, Bush has got a fairly healthy leading Wisconsin, which is shocking. So I think there's a little wishful thinking involved here. Fred, see this is a nice job and if I really wanted to put the audience in with total comma, I read the whole thing with no disrespect to you. But I mean, it's a good one. Only the bottom line. The grand total is important. The grand total is got two 49 for Bush 233 for Kerry with 56 two close to call. It's set of enshron. What is it? That's the five and two 69 and something like that. Right. So there you go, Fred, see his hard at work. He's working at the end on it. The Schwarzenegger van smoking in prisons. I don't want to say he's a hypocrite because you don't be picking on the terminator. I think somebody is owed an apology for this. I apologize. A little bit louder. I apologize. I apologize, sir. California, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, who set up a tent outside his smoke free state office smoke free state office to accommodate his tastes for a good cigar. Sign a bill Monday barring tobacco from state prisons. The mayor remains the state's penal code. Can I say that to us? It amends the state's code to bar tobacco products from prisons and youth correctional facilities. Violet is a subject to a fine. Well, we're fine. Support us here. The changes will help save the state money on healthcare and proof it health of the 160,000 state inmates. Some parts of California's criminal justice system, such as County Geos of our ready ban smoking. I thought that was a big thing in jail. Was that everybody's passion faggot around? Well, right. The state generated about a million dollars in tobacco taxes and $370,000 in sales taxes by something tobacco products to inmates last year. Those sponsored attemptlessly a Republican assembly, a settlement, estimates that about half a California prisoner's smoke costing $280 million in the healthcare cost. Well, if they want a smoke letter, I'll look at their lungs and raw down the floor. Just sweep them away. Right? Sure. This sets up a tent outside a smoke-free state office, which is by law, of course, to stay free at the smoke-free. And the accommodative state's for a good cigar. So he's comfortably in a big one. And that's OK. But these 12 best news were rotting away in jail somewhere because maybe they looked at somebody cross-eyed or maybe they voted for Al Gore. I mean, let's get serious. OK. Arnold, you jackass, you astral you. Paul Kirkman writes in the Times today, swagger versus substance. He's good. He's one of my very favorite writes. He makes a lot of sense. Let's face it. Whatever happens in Thursdays to make cable news on per claim president Bush the winner. This will be exactly political bias so evidently part of conventions. It'll also reflect the on-downed fact the Mr. Bush is a pretty good Clint Eastwood imitation. And what will the print media do? Let's hope they don't do what they did for years ago. Interviews with focus groups is definitely first 2000 to make sure it showed Al Gore with a slight edge, post-abated analyzation should have lied in that edge after all during the debates. Mr. Bush told one of opera after another about his budget plans. He's got his prescription drug proposal and more. The fact checking in the next days paper should have been devastating. But his ad in climate-funded out yesterday on the off-aid page of the Times front page coverage of the 2000 debates emphasized not what the candidate said but their body language. After the debate the lead story said a lot about Mr. Gore's size but nothing about Mr. Bush's lies. And even the fact checking pieces buried inside the newspaper were as Mr. Climate Del布. He puts it constrained by an effort to balance one candidate's big mistakes that Mr. Bush's lies against the other's minor errors. The result of this emphasis on the candidate's acting skills rather than the assumptions was that after a few days, Mr. Bush's defeat in the debate had been spun into a victory. This time the first debate will be all about foreign policy in area where Mr. Bush ought to be extremely vulnerable after all his grandiose promises to rid the world of evil to the worst of all comes and not. Exhibity of course is Osama bin Laden, whom Mr. Bush promised to get better alive and drop from his speeches after a boxed operation at Thorabore let him get away. And such has been Laden. Most analysts believe they'll cut it which might have been crushed to Mr. Bush and divert it resources and attention to the war in Iraq as his dangerous is ever. There's also North Korea which Mr. Bush declared part of the axis of evil then ignored when his regime started building nuclear weapons. Recently when a reporter asked Mr. Bush about reports that North Korea has a half dozen bombs he simply shrugged. Most important of course is Iraq and on this is a way where we're going to have to initial most of victory as turned into an even worse disaster than the wars of opponents expected. The current campaign is making hailed where Mr. Bush's famous flights suit stunt but for me Mr. Bush's worst moment came too much later when he declared there are some will feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there my answer is bring him on. When they really did come on he blinks. U.S. forces obviously under instructions hold on cancel these least till the election and see did much of Iraq to the insurgents. During the debate Mr. Bush will try to cover for this dismal record with swagger and with the tax on his opponent. Will the press play Carl Rose game as by Mr. Climate puts it confusing political covered with drama criticism or will it do its job and check the candidate's facts? There have been some encouraging signs lately that there was a disturbing interlude in which many news organizations seem to accept false things that Iraq had come down after the transfer of sovereignty and now is the violence escalates they seem willing to ask hard question about Mr. Bush's fantasy version of the situation in Iraq. For example, a recent word is an analysis put it out that independent sources contradict his assertions about everything from police training and reconstruction to perforcian for January elections. Mr. Bush is also getting less of a free ride than he used to when he swears his opponent. Last week after he missed a Bush to third of Mr. Kerry would prefer the dictatorship of the side of the scene to the situation in Iraq today, the AP pointed out that this twisted his rivals' words and encoded what John Kerry really said. Nonetheless, on 30th of the time, there will be a temptation to revert to drama criticism to emphasize how the candidates looked and acted in push analysis of what they said and whether was true to the inside pages with so much it's stake to publish the jury's better, false or copyrights but don't hold your breath. First of media sucks. While the AP has known at 560 WDQM, this is one of those times when you might need some help real fast. Thankfully, Donald Macris delivers same day all across South Florida. When you call 1-800 Macris yields use in the deepest and whiter selection of betting, all available for same day delivery. Call them right now as you sit there on your FedS. Call 1-800 Macris now for factory-direct prices and immediately deliver. And you still get to pick the date and time for delivery any tour of one of this convenient for you and guess what they sure off. Donald Macris says a 99% on-time delivery record. Donald Macris write number one in Christopher's satisfaction. Next, they will win as of 2004 better business bureau local torch of excellence award. When you call that number, you'll choose from the complete line of the top names in the University of Panama. Sir, see, the Simmons King Coel tempered even, Stearns and Foster Hewitt. The people with brains are doing the column right now instead of wasting their time at betting in the department's stores, they're just making that one easy call you ought to be doing the same. Log out of their website if you like at Macris.com and then make the call that will get them there when no time at all gets you a great night's sleep for years to come. 1,800 Macris 1,800, MATT, R, E, S. The door of the seats at me will rush us. The rest of the seats will be on the pipes at the center of the seat at the end. I'm peeing in my pants waiting for that one. Before we do the thing, two Italian woman aid workers held hostage and her man can been released. Oh, I should pick you. I had to over the Italian charge to defer and bag that alges her TV said today. The Europe news network made gave no further details. There was no immediate independent confirmation of their release. The security workers Simone and Patti and Simone Tareta both aged 29, no kindergarten. We're snatched from their bag, oh, snatched from their bag that offers the feminine and had it been heard from since. Sorry, Joey. Oh God. They were abducted like us. Sorry, Joey. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. My name is Dan Rather. Oh, somebody called me up. My time, we said I've got some burn on horses. I said fine. Imagine how it's gonna be. Change, change, change, change. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. When you watch me, I'll be providing a proof. It's coming blind. He and horseship, and horseship, and horseship. It'll matter if a sun can go. It's a dream. I'll be going to one of us. It's gotta go. Be it with me because I'm Dan Rather. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm going to one of us. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Ouch!" A real Joc halluc piece of metal George Bush means as true Who will buy this from a merchant of two Ewekay By the flesh of 그 Have you ever watched Is up to you, your fate, it's those questions A thousand national cards that might leave your wealth Do you change your sword? A-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a I just want to say you're not a-a-a-a-a W-o-l-l-a, and you can't put your naff of faithitions on any other fiveiero, oh, heaven tell you You know<|fa|> Jerry displeased nothing it possible to be so ignorant, so freaking stupid, and the media just takes a really co-construed. The most important thing was now it was the original document, but what was in them was it true? Was it true? It was a real object? It was true, Michael? It relevant. Yeah. But don't confuse the media with the fact that certainly not the public because most of them are, but like that, as everything comes on to loot and Iraq and the economy and all these things. Everything, the environment, now we got global warming causing AIDS in hurricanes, I mean after the last four or five weeks, you think that the people of Florida finally would wake up and say, you know something we can't afford to have an anti-science, a little bit of a thing, a bunch of maniacs running this country in the world. But no. 54% approval rating. He's okay in our book. He's a wonderful guy, go ahead. 726 and I've always were not going to make our thousands of us, we really get that thing going. The election is five weeks away, which applies to you, we need eight fifty by one if like we got a shot. You know what I'm saying? You mean Jimmy Johnson? Thanks for being kind of a sharp right now. I wonder what Jimmy Johnson is thinking about Dave Weinstein? I wonder what time sure he's thinking about the Weinstein era, huh? Oh man. See, because old coots like that, they revel when their success is failed big time. This like I'm sure a sure a lot of the fact that after after Jimmy said him up, you know, forgetting can, which is what we really have. And after that, hold on Jimmy flopped on his ass. I'm sure that's sure a lot of it. And now the same thing, both of them are probably 11 months that just being a real piece of turd. Don't forget to check our website up is a lovely and new magazine there, Dave Weinstein's on the front cover. The election is five weeks away, which applies to you, that's our full question on the arraggies.com seven hundred and thirty four votes. I'm voting Rock Solid for carry five hundred fourteen. Rock Solid. Rock Solid for Bush eighty three, that's seventy to eleven point three percent. I'm leaning to carry thirty five. I'm leaning to Bush twenty four. I'm not eligible to vote twenty three. I don't give a Schmidt twenty one. My ears are Rock Solid. I'll vote for Nader twenty two point seven percent. Funny people want to give their legs blown off. And I'm not voting fourteen on point nine percent. That I think what somebody ought to do is scratch neighbors name off all the balance. All right, scratch this thing. That would be a good idea. All you all are going to be to put in place just scratch his name off. And that's even on the machines just scratch it up. All listen to this we can't we got the catch Stevens. Yeah, good those is some of in line of the senior well-cutter use are most likely still alive hiding in Pakistan. US commander of eighteen thousand four and troops hunting relative to Afghanistan said on Monday. Lieutenant General David Barno also told writers and interview the al-Qaeda operatives were helping remnants of Afghanistan's out to Taliban disrupt preparations for the country's first direct presence of a October nine. In Afghanistan, we see relatively little evidence of senior al-Qaeda personnel figures being here in Afghanistan because they can feel more protected by their foreign fighters in rural areas inside Pakistan. He said in a heavily fortified US military compound in Kabul. We're our good friend of big-pater our puppet Musharif is one of things. That's why they're working so remember couple of months ago we had that survey was during the early part of the summer about the pressure that he was on the Pakistanis. They're going to have to find this one and all of a sudden we're getting little bits and pieces of wild are closing in on Osala. Good morning for the October surprise. In the haig Pakistani President Pervert Musharif killed reporters he had no idea where it been. Was all the interrogations of recent al-Qaeda captives at technological intelligence and the world's most wanted man was alive. I don't know where he was. I wish I knew he said Musharif a KLA in US war led war on terror. Barno praised Pakistan's effort to flush out a foreign militants from remote travelers or do we have Afghanistan and Scracked on an al-Qaeda link to operatives in towns and cities. Pakistan has well in 70,000 troops in the travel belt and they all smell the same as his here. I mean like that. Was that me? I had no idea. Five six seven, five six be. On five six be. On five six be. How's the QM van do you know probably long gone right? Have it heard yet? What does that mean? That means they're still there. They're still there. Just like just like Osama. The QM van is just like Osama. In fact I wouldn't be surprised if he's hang out high-mounted the van. That's messy at that back there. Look where right now I ten-tech plus located 137th of an avocorway in Miami. Stop by to win some nifty t-shirts. And we're just doing a per-ticket system. These golfing's get-skames such as it'll be. You're listening to me or I'm a fool. I'm sure I'm a faggot. Oh. Oh my god. That's why I am as the golfing's there. The worst football team they've loved the ball from gold. Like gold ones ever seen. They're stupid. They're on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say Miami, you're talking to a little older star. The Miami golfers. Miami golfers. The summer. I'm just moving. Not earning. Miami golfers. Miami golfers. Don't bet on them. You'll always lose. They don't go out at Sancle. They don't go out at blocks. Their coaches audit seldom to withstand gay and their jacks. And they would run much faster and even in defeat. When we go to the stadium, they'll see Miami keep in there. The Miami golfers. Miami golfers. Miami golfers. The summer. I'm just in the middle for you. Miami golfers. Miami golfers. The team that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the confidence of the golfers. Have no fans. Just 50,000 apples. Sitting in the stands. They watch the game and all the two were smoking right then bitch. I wonder how Joe Lobby got the piece of cash. And rich and there the Miami golfers. Miami golfers. Miami golfers. The summer. I'm just in the middle for you. Miami golfers. Miami golfers. I hear the crowd begin to bloom. The golfers have faithfully learned that quarter-faxed youth run down the field and he will go up at over you. I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised. When he gets cut that does it mean that he was circumcised in there. Miami golfers. Miami golfers. Miami golfers. No more. Miami golfers. Miami golfers. Miami golfers. Jay calls his signals in Hebrew. But golfers have no deep concern. Their often says it jokes. My George Bush eating pencils. You know they're gone at jokes. They'll always just stop point you in there in a playoff race. With fewer points than podcasts on. I sing a song with bass and there the Miami golfers. Miami golfers. Miami golfers. No more. All of the hell for you too. Miami golfers. Miami golfers. Miami golfers. Miami golfers. No more. I'm signing on the hands. I'm going to the door door door door door door door. The VWQM. Happy Tuesday today. We had this in tough rounds. Still a weather to storm. So to speak about this door. And we too shall survive. All the other cliches that make the world go around. Here's the fact that it's a watch tower demon and Charlie Rose last night. Well, I'm so sorry you watched Charlie Rose. I can't stand. I'd rather watch people, and I'd rather be dead than watch people. I'd rather see people with that big stack of $100 bills. On the table in front of the incompetent park. Acting like a real jackass that he is. Anyway, no, I did not watch the people who was a thing on HBO. Did you watch that? Josh, I hope not. No. Good. Anyway, this is Dan Uteramacol, from the WikiVidi and see for not giving this guy on his pants. And you know what? You are absolutely correct, Factor, where we're sent this in. Theing was the man. That was the scene. We all fell off. He's a... If you don't say it, he was not. They all didn't want to get no chance. The matter in the fact that he was the man. We're going to South Carolina. It also a whole break. There is so no. And we're going to go. We're going to California. And Texas, everywhere. We're going to South Dakota. And Oregon. And Washington. Michigan. And then we're going to Washington. He's seen a thing back the way out. He's the one ahead of all of the say, Tom Ridg was full of crap. And it was all this to be scared tactic with that lady. Remember that? Yeah. That's Sunday morning with the ladies. Y'all pink purple agree. Yeah. His hysterical life. Yeah. He was the one to head to balls to say that this whole of acting was wrong. Right from the very beginning. He was the one that pointed the finger at the whole smoke and mirrors deal. But no. We don't want no Howard Z. And anyway. It says last November, Dean was giving the Democratic Party back the spine. They lost after conceiving the 2000 election of the right wing moon and takes. Absolutely correct. By the time he got to I and for that pump that call before about Sam Brown back now, I want to correct my answer. Okay. Sam Brown back is a certified lunatic. So I'm sorry. That lunatic just is fine. That's the difference. Anyway. By the time he got to I, what was all over Dean would be firing back at W. Relatively. Meanwhile, Kerry is asleep at the wheel. I have unpleasant memories of the 2000 debates when Gore rolled over and died. Instead of slamming this. Oh, I see. They're like, she's sleeping. She's sleeping. Oh, I see. She's sleeping. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Okay. When the president comes out of the hospital, he'll be going. And I'm sorry. Okay. I'll be going. Oh, I see. I go. Oh, I see. I see. I see. I see. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. I'm sad don't move me I'm sad Yeah, that's one of the screaming about it said the brings me back to its time on America the potential lead humanity into a better future Later is speaking at UN today could somebody from the cafeteria pick up a pie and smash it in this post That sounds like a winner to me. Open ease get it. Oh, yeah, silly old koot. Hey, Ralph get lost already We get in your 65-core very drive off straight do ease would be good I Don't know if you mentioned this information, but if anyone around the gables of the city's interest in here it is And it's a thing from move on dot org Thursday at lunchtime, please join us in a unique and powerful demonstration vol. An employment line representing more than a million Americans are lost There jobs in the past four years first presence is Herbert Hoover in a strict in depression To lose jobs and we're talking over a million jobs It just doesn't make any sense to me the economy sucks the Iraq situations getting worse every day We got over a thousand kids in body bags Everything is going to hell on a hand mask. It lies up the old young young and every dog bus. Oh, yeah, he's doing one hell of a job. He's the man And it goes on here about the unemployment line. It says Thursday September 30th and 12.05 to 12.45 He and kicks the shuttle buses at 11.45 a.m. outside the University of Miami if you can find it east out of US one starting at Stanford Drive and running Pan-South Maraposa court in the gables and the anxious moral gables Transit driver take metro rail to the South Miami address road stations University station will be closed You can park and the stations shuttle buses will be the station to 11.45 bring participants to the unemployment line America's lost 1.7 million jobs since booster cop is leaving eight million people unemployed Miami suffers more than most with unemployment 16% higher than the national average and the Yorkshire in the Republican convention You're a thousand people stood in the unemployment line making headlines nationwide It's a potent civil that will speak partly in line in the day the fruit for them So they what you go boys and girls You go do it show your posts Of course the big news that they yesterday I forget about all this stuff a stupid election stuff and about people dying and wars the important stuff And it's not a bright little Tommy jica who hasn't written I'm gonna tell you something if there's Anyway that makes me want to scream just scream It's him little Tommy jica that had the audacity well We'll be able to keep in touch with the local scene doing the show from Toronto most it you know something I got more we do more in the first 30 seconds We talk more local than you've written in the last I'm not how many years are that All hidden deep you want to be you've read suckhold man. That's all you are Tommy this is suck up Right say a thing about the steering show well you're gonna prepare the balls to put a right you are such a lick Man on that which is tongue falls off But what was the last time he was anything about local radio TV Anything and usually in the past lane was really doing his job You know after the hurricane like after Andrew he would write articles about the coverage in the various TV states And the different people what they did what he even write anything about that nothing He's just like strictly now the corporate Network show reviewer and it just bull crab man just about to can horse crab And you're talking about me being out of touch man talk about the top top call to kettle ball and fat Anyway Two races will come day of course about calling to take over the night show by 2009 man or man Talk about much to do about less than nothing and BC announced yesterday bretalystway that Conan or Brian will take over from jail in order to be tonight show that will have to write his jokes The plant but what's the hell I have time to write his jokes to plant success And what happened until 2009 The announcement solves the delicate problem for NBC which realized or brown was getting antsy in his late night time slot 35 a.m. Eastern lot of the keep them from jumping to another network Leno plan plan to make the announcement on Monday's edition of tonight Oh, this is yeah, see this is a son sent us so it's already passed a bedtime matter. What time you get this? In 2009 I'll be 59 years old. We've had this green job for 17 years Leno said when I signed my new contract I felt the time was right to plan for my successor And there's no one more qualified than Conan plus I promised me this is grotesque wife I would take her out to do her before I turn 60 the notoriously work are all like and Modelally talented Leno said about his wife and I say not really talented what what an understanding of that is you justice I wouldn't watch him if you paid me by the second say Leno Man all man. I'm your and T.S. D. Ballon and Jack Carr roll over their graves right now What do you think Like motor they're gonna run each other now. Let's see. We're gonna make that thousand a or what? What do we got? 795 Plus tax 795 votes we need to get to eight out at said a fifty by one clock that are real legitimate trying What do we have going to the so I'm timing you know it's not important but this is it's something to strive for everybody's gonna have a goal Right just like the dolphin. I think this Sunday against the dead at least at least a little bit Pick up pair right Yeah six points instead of three. I mean you have to work with little baby his steps before you after call before we can walk Sorry you have to win slightly less inversing all the my prediction first on it will be the just 31 and the call for six Which I think I'm pretty are a good mood today. What I'm being pretty Dan's generous given in six man All in the mod a hit it's and I wonder who most gonna be rooting for neck a A Boy, it's the one to two hour How dare the good name of the United States of America through the mind May práll Right You I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. Would you like to stay at a game? I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. At least it's the current world when Iraq, Malwattida, didn't happen to be a man over three decades ago. Like most Americans, I know longer than I give a damn. What either of these men did 35 years ago, I'm more concerned about what they'll do over the next four years. That's what matters in the central issue of this campaign should be that damn war and Iraq were more than a thousand Americans have died, along with countless Iraqis of Indians, and where God knows how many more will perish before we find a way out of the Quagmire. Of course, as it happens to often when other countries are decides to impose its will on another, we just can't pack up the humbese and leave. Iraq is a mess, politically, economically, socially and otherwise. The sounds of car bombs and mortar were tax-pulled here daily, and until report that men is to find its way public before the Bushmen marches consentize it, says the creptries on the verge of all out civil war. We promised the Iraqis freedom and gave them chaos. We promised that peace and certainty in debate route. A year ago, the President of the United States flew onto an aircraft carrier and proclaimed mission accomplished, we now know that it was anything but. Bush's Secretary has state the more principal colon power to mention Iraqis of mess. Yes, it's getting worse, Paul said on ABC's this morning, which urged that awful is a step on top of this is past Sunday. This, of course, sent us fitters of 1600-10 scrambling, but they couldn't find a way to soften what Paul said. The man who knows a hell of a lot about war, the neither of the presidential contenders, sum up the situation in four words. Yes, it's getting worse. We've been in these Quagmire's before, via NAM, Korea, Bosnia, Lebanon, and every case without a decent exit strategy, while our leader stumbled over each other trying to find a politically feasible way to get out. More Americans died, this is a will in Iraq. Because either George W. Bush or John carry off a way to get out of this mess without leaving Iraq worse off than it was when Bush decided to invade the country last year. Not really. Bush defends his actions against monogamous, and his reaction to Alper going to war was wrong, a strategy for winning the hearts and minds of Iraqis flawed, and his exit strategy non-existent. Kerry, who was a senator voted to let Bush wades the war, tries to play both sides of the fence, saying he voted to give the president the authority to go to war, but if he been present, he wouldn't have gone to war. A big distinction, that only answered the public perception that he goes with whatever direction political wind happens to blow. And while we spent billions of what we be in no one scenario and more and more Americans come home and coffins, Osama bin Laden's terror network League groups and grows, secure and enlarged that nation for Iraqi-Five-Linal Conceed War in Iraq cannot deploy its limited resources to stopping madmen who flourished elsewhere. Osama's attack on this country on 911-2001 brought this country together in a united stand against a common enemy for a while, are resolved made a tougher for another such attack to stun the nation. But George W. Bush's attack on Iraq three years ago later tore this country apart, left a divided, bitter, and angry, and an easier target for those who want to destroy our way of life. John Kerry, along with too many other limings in Congress, voted to let him do it. We need a strong leader to put this country back together, unfortunately the presidential battle we consider on November 2nd does not offer strongly to his choice. Boy, is that well said or what, huh? Oh! Comments. How big of a gun? Said, how you do? You don't think that's right on target, he's going to run on it? Yes, he does. It is one hell of a prophetic, oh by the way, never shooting in Detroit, the Baker said it is like three people of insurers of bunch of stuff going on. Oh look at this, the CNN producer is freed. How was senior president, Yasser, Aerofatt's hot-tock movement, and we have spoken to representatives from Fata, who denied that any of their members were involved with this at all, and as you heard, Aerofatt was very much involved in trying to win Reads release. He also said he was interrogated by his abductors. They asked him about his background, Reads, in a member of an Arabic speaking minority, the Druze community, a non-Jewish community inside Israel, it's a community that is... Yeah good, he's CNN producer been freed in another crazy American country, but he's shooting in Detroit, just symbols stuff, you know. 844 votes on at full 560, 560, 560 on the AT, on the Verizon Wireless and Ziggular Wireless line, and then what I just said yes, Subletta. Actually my kids and calls this are all I still have a pile of money for getting the end of the show since you've done such a four-job reminding me about that technical glitch you're trying to help the boy. I think that's what we need on this station as a bypass. I'm going to go to the group, that Diana come. We'll get back to a little later on, Diana. WQAM Hello. QAM? What ever sounds like that? It's an I told you, I had a sum of urban genres. WQAM Hello. I'm all day to the Dr. Dr. Elf and then I have to deploy off. Go back to New York, Pat, with your shower attitude, but you're right. Yeah, I got news for it. When the season started, they were eliminated from the playoffs. Boy, you talk about a smelly elimination. WQAM Hello. QAM? Yeah, just new. Sounds like me. Hey, new. I've been listening to you a show an hour to the last couple of weeks, and he's been out of the air. And all these years, I've voted for Republicans and I'm not sure if they can go in the other way. Oh! And vote a Democrat too. Yes, yes sir. Excellent. I've been doing no research on the Internet and stuff, but that's that those long time for my third Polish reason, Republican, I've never touched a fifth of them all. What's out there, they know man. In fact, when they tell you one thing, you know they're full of crap. What do you mean? Open, pal. So, you got one board on your side. All right. Thanks. I think I have a good day. I feel like that. There's one. Just like the way we build a QAM audience. His matter of fact, the reason that's staring didn't show up and I'd trend it all was because that the sports was a vanishing like I told you. And nobody knew this term was on this station. In fact, I guarantee that there's probably a significant percentage of the Howard Stern audience. Not turning man. I'm just radio station. Hey, how about a little promotion there for this big deal, huh? I'm going to let some billboards and some big splash on TV. There are big campaigns, something like that for the Howard hands. It could treat it so rudely and infincidivally. See, one thing about this company, man. It doesn't make any difference. What you do for them, how much money you make for them. They still, you know, you're never doing that for them. They still treat you with that throughout their, you're still the enemy. You're just the old pain in the ass. Unless of course you're at an historical a butlickers, which I guess times it could be trying to get into. How is the Gary Surnown doing speaking about it? Great, say them lightly. Yeah, he's a quite a bright guy. WQA M. QA M. Hello. WQA M. How are you doing? Okay. First I have been able to do a few weeks ago, little, little, little, little, little hurricane, faster things. You hear about the, for help? Not a mountain. But they switched to Mexican radio station. I haven't heard that message in that ancient news, which is, which is, I don't know, right. Well, what's he doing now? You have an uptown? I don't even know, man. I'm like, you hear like a god food thing where they, like, chat on there. Yeah. And I went on there and now they see and they do XM. They have to need a few or something. Well, but the team man, he needs a, I like, for radio, need a baby. A. L. I. He's done. He's not a nice wish for a man. I. As a guy who, you know, he's, he's amusing and entertaining his own disgusting, agonizing aggravating way. But the fact of the matter is, he's got a death wish. Didn't we say that easy in terms of that? And they got it was so fascinated with him. He was like, magazine, I'm pretty sure wasn't working with a big tough piece about him. And they are, he said, it's just a matter of time before we like, uh, those on, but it's all over and of course, couple months later, bye bye, you know, he just, he just, he can't stop kind like, mullin, different way. Just can't stop. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the Verizon in singular, wire was lines. I think we're going to make our 1000, sorry. I think so. Let's take a peek at it. 8 60. Like I said, I'm thinking we're going to make it. You post, they're good. I'm going to put it in the hot pot on it. W 2 A and hello. I can't hear you. It's kind of sports show. Why does he cause much of the golf? What do you want to talk about, Puts? Anything. Yeah, yeah, yeah, call the bird, okay. That's the guy trying to do a good junior there. Talk about anything. You sound like a real Puts. Get lost. W 2 A and hello. I knew. Yes, sir. You think we could have a conversation with that. No, no, can't. And by the way, I hope you die, Reverend Jones. W 2 A and hello. Yes, sir. Hey, today, but he call you about that. That's the way to the weekend about Ohio. The new voter registration. They said for the GOP, you know, Ohio, the new voter registration was up 25% for the Democrats is up 250%. Right. So, how come an allipols show that bushes had no high, sir? Okay, it's likely voters. It's what I feel anyway. I don't have all the answers, but I think it's unlikely voters. And this election is going to be, you know, see more first sign voters and slackers and all that, you know, coming up because everybody's pretty well picked off on both of them. I think these pools are made up, man. I think that somebody's holding a gun to the posters. He has these pools are bogus. Well, all the corporations are the big corporations. Why, Bush, you know, if I come and do the all that, but I'm. And keep don't forget keep channel man. Don't forget them. Accelerators, Ray Roberts. Hey, got to get people off the boat. Got to get them out. Move on. Don't worry. We're on pack. Whatever we can, let's get them. Get Bush out. Push them off. When it down, get them out, baby. Okay. Good luck to you. Start knocking on the doors right now. Just like Xavier Svara's holding out your bathroom between the morning's not a good idea. Kind of pisses people off a little bit. Most of those affected with that in LA for actress murder. We really care about Phil's specter anymore. I care about her. Legendary Walls Sound Record producer Phil's specter was in diabetes. And a charge that he murdered actress Lannick Clarkson was found shot to death at the home 19 months ago. God did an Itoia. Police found the 40 year old Clarkson's Darv such beewel visas the barbarian queen and Amazon woman on the moon. Shot dead in the FOIA of specter's home on February 3rd, 2003. Specter 53 who produced songs for the Beatles and for Icon Tina Turner has claimed that Clarkson killed herself by putting her gun in a mouth and firing it for police at an extensive investigation showed that he had shot her. And Octopsy before it was for a five-month to top line actress of a killed by a single gunshot. Specter who was free I had a wonderful line for that. But Joyce would like it. I'm going to move right on. Specter who's free on a million dollar bail paid an innocent of the charge of and court of parents in LA. Prosecutors said police found blood and gunshot residue on Specter as well as evidence he had claimed and moved the gun after the shooting. They say the reclusive music producer had a history of pointing guns of people. Specter painted the magazine and viewed the Clarkson killed herself. God Iod, you ought to be killed. I'm still singing B-My Baby. I love that song. I can't find the name where. It's around here, sir. Is it around there? I don't know. Let's play it several times so whenever we can find it. I'm not a real specter when I go down to find it. Long 13 at 560WQM guaranteed mortgage bankers are prepared to help you meet all your financing needs. If you're a first-time home buyer or if you're refinancing and taking cash out, they're definitely your best choice. Your team mortgage bankers are committed to excellent customer service. This is not only their promise, it's a gladentee. So call them today at 1-800-734-6616. If guaranteed mortgage bankers are goalless to build a lifelong relationship with their customers, they did just that with a couple who just moved down recently from New Jersey. He hadn't started their new jobs yet. A fine-a-hust-day love. A couple had lived in South Florida for more than a week. They had a little money to put down on their close-and-tend days in Guess What. If guaranteed mortgage brokers was able to secure the buyers needs in order to close on time, and they were able to give them 95% financing and an unbelievable rate. That's a really unbelievable rate of just 5.95%. And listen to this, guaranteed mortgage bankers, since all of its clients on a fabulous seven-night cruise, is their way of saying thank you for choosing them and giving them your business. guaranteed mortgage bankers no loans to bigger too small, bad credit or good credit to work with me to get you to the loan you need. Here on seed mortgage bankers column today, 1-800-734-6616. as 1-800-734-6616. 2-600-6616. 1-800-6616. 1-800-733-6616. Oh my god, you're breathed a beautiful... Congratulations, get alive. Here goes, shout out of that. If you make it by the humor's got the GOP. If you make it by the time, don't take them. That's just the O'Cost, who was again. That's the brother of the brother that's gone. The car was never doubted by a brother. And if the code of this title, that's the last year's for your past, from the invitation of the new president, the president of the society, the president of the society, the president of the society, the president of the society, the president of the society, the president of the society, the president of the society, the president of the society, the president of the society, The president of the society, the president of the society, the president of the society, the president of the society, the president of the society, the president of the society, Dr. Manron, let your dog look at her now Dr. Manron, let your dog look at her now Dr. Manron, let your dog look at her now Dr. Manron, let your dog look at her now Dr. Manron, let your dog look at her now Dr. Manron, let your dog look at her now Dr. Manron, let your dog look at her now Dr. Manron, let your dog look at her now Dr. Manron, let your dog look at her now Dr. Manron, let your dog look at her now Dr. Manron, let your dog look at her now Dr. Manron, let your dog look at her now Dr. Manron, let your dog look at her now Dr. Manron, let your dog look at her now Dr. Manron, I have an amazing greeting Let me tell you, a thanksgiving delight Dr. Manron, give us a closing advice I'm vote Rocks Aller for carry 633.7.8% almost 71% of the suit audience. They're going to do it. Any better get out there and do it several times, by the way. Make sure it gets counted least once. I'm voting Rocks Aller for Bush 97.10.8% to them. Okay, raspberries. I'm leaning to carry 46. I'm not eligible, but to vote 26. I'm leaning to Bush 26. Did I get that right? I'm leaning to carry 46. That eligible to 26. Lean to Bush 26. Don't give it 25. I will for later 20 years out of 2.5%. Say when it's right in them with death, I'll be saying, well, maybe it's not worth it. And I'm not voting 18.2% of 894. I'm sure by now they're gone from the FUN ban. They should be, but we haven't heard anything. We haven't heard. Well, I don't want to encourage these people to go or slap out there and then fight off that they're not there. I think they just probably left. They're not calling you and giving you an update or an upshot or anything like that. No. Well, what's that all about? Don't know. What about a horseball operation as well? That's a rhetorical question. Anyway, here's an interesting thing. Susan Cooper Eastman of Citizens for legitimate government rights. Janet Link has been thinking about George W. Bush a lot lately. 32 years ago, her late husband, Jan Peter Link served briefly in the Texas Air National Guards, 115 to intercept her squadron. Bush's service in the same squadron has gotten plenty of mention in the election year. I don't know what you did during the Vietnam War assembly. I'll let him test the character. But Link time she knows part of the story that nobody's mentioned. According to Link, a Jacksonville resident and artist Bush's flying career was permanently disabled by a crippled fear of flying. Link's husband was admitted to the Texas Guard in the summer 1972 to replace Bush. President Bush has said that he stopped flying fighter jets because the Alabama Guard unit didn't have jets and he wanted to transfer to Alabama in order to work on a political campaign. But Link says he heard a different story from her husband and Bush's squad commander, the late Lieutenant Colonel Jerry Killian. Shortly after, her husband joined the Texas unit. Link says the couple discussed Bush's service with Killian at a social event. Contrary to some news reports that suggests Killian admired Bush, Link says the officer didn't have much use for the young Lieutenant, he mentioned that Bush appeared with a drinking problem she recalls, but he was most offended by another interpassity his fear of flying. According to Link, Killian said Bush was grounded in his fourth year of flying and after he became capable of flying or properly landing a plane. He was mucking up bad Killian told her, Link says he just became afraid to fly. Killian has become a major figure in the Bush's unfolding guard gate within Radha Yadi Adiadi, but flight laws, released by the White House, three weeks ago in response to the lawsuit by the AP, show a strange retraction of Bush's airtime around that period. In February in March of 72, Bush switched from flying F-102A fighter jets, which the guard used to patrol US borders, to a two-seat T-33 train jet. His superior is also returned in the flight simulator at practice sessions. The records suggest the extra training sessions didn't help. Bush showed that in March of 72 Bush twice needed multiple tries to land the F-102 fighter, days later on April 16, Bush piloted a plane for the Texas Air National Guard for the last time. He just couldn't cut it and says Link I was led to believe he was kind of a coward. Fulio Weekly was able to reach two former Bush squadmates in Texas, both of whom declined to be interviewed. In May of 72 Bush left Texas, he handed to Valabama, where he requested a sign of the post of his review unit. Bush's request was initially denied that August of 72 Kiyan stripped Bush of his flying duties for fitting the take-and-anywheel physical, and September he was ordered to take an administrative post for the Alabama Guard. Kiyan said him to Alabama to fly to a flight desk she recalls an he never showed up. In Alabama Bush's fellow guardsmen have said they don't remember ever seeing him. Fort Blink, W. Z. X. The Civil Service has become a very personal flashpoint. Link's husband died while serving the Texas Guard in 73 after drinking at the officers' club. He nodded off into the wheel, drove into a lake and drowned. Link was 27 years old with a three-year-old son. He said he didn't know much about who W was then, his family wasn't on the national radar, where we told his father was a very wealthy Texan with CIA connections. After Bush became present, to these swelling sounds of military music and war cries, Link found herself unable to shake her memory of the roofers erupted parter from military, when she saw him swoop onto an aircraft carrier wearing a green flight suit, she thought about that 72-conversation with Kiyan. But it wasn't until after the swift boat veterans for truth ads, questioning John Kiyan's military service began, airing in Jacksonville, but she became in sense and decided to speak up. At least Kiyan served, she says, Bush stepped aside. Anyone else was a wall like that would have been in Leavenworth and the hurry is present in the United States. Link who voted for George Bush's dad and since she's not anti-Busher anti-Republican, but she's unhappy with W's presidency. After the passage of the Papua Day, Link and a girlfriend made t-shirts that said, one nation under surveillance. And in early September after seeing the swift boat ads, she went to the do-all company Democratic Party headquarters to pick up Kiyan Edward signs and chose to volunteer her party. Democratic Party officials contacted in folio weekly the same day, Link spoke to folio weekly before the White House released Bush's flight logs, which appeared as a substantiator story. Unlike his mom, Link's son Chris reports President Bush, but he doesn't doubt her version of events. If she says it happened that's good enough for me, he says, he notes that flying fighter jets is a dangerous job and not everyone's got the metal, so he doesn't doubt that Bush could have lost his nerve. But Chris Link's faith in the president means unshaken, when he goes to the polls in November he says, I'll still be voting for him. See you all. How do you like that? Yep. He has a lost his faith in his spinoist coward, this chicken alcohol along with his other buddies who never spent one day in a military. I have no problem at all, no plans whatsoever about setting out thousands and thousands of young people into battle to try an meaningless war based on lies. But why should that affect anybody's opinion, right? He's a great leader at the Great Accounting. He's a great courageous leader who goes, I don't know what like that a lot. And then every now and then let's have a QD like, I'll book our red book. And the boys are well now, so I'm so excited to see what's the thing we have. And the tell us the facts of five six so double you QA. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White Association. Let's space. Most of us will never be rich. We probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing. But as usual with every problem there is solution. But I'm Jim, I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scared their fucking out of me and intimidate them and it giving you whatever you want. That's right, handguns. Think about it. Neat's a cash, rubber bank. Don't have enough money for fear or the convenience store. They chips and pretzels wire at it. It's all free. You've got to handguns. Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend. To a simple solution of life's complex problems. Why is it always weight the five days for it? Happiness is just around the corner. Now if you don't want to weight the five days who cares? By the dancing of the street, just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working from South and being considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make your face. That's the American subway. Amen. Sir's Holidays. Detroit police are today for man who often fired at Detroit. Home daycare center. Critically wounding street people including a three-year-old child. Police chief, Ella Bully Cummings. Is that a great day? Oh, what? Great. I want to describe Ella's kind of woolly bully. But if Ella Bully Cummings told reporters that the man was wearing a black jacket and black pants and was wearing a steel blue automatic gun. He said two women ages 41 and 22 were shot worker in critical condition in addition to the three-year-old. A seventh-huntel was also in critical condition. Probably as a result of being dropped, the teeth said, Oh, that's nice. A little collateral damage there. And it appears as though this is not random. A bully coming out of the shooting. He said, when this is reported that the man came to the door, words were changed in the man when inside shooting. There you go. Like I said, the American effin way. I'm not promoting nothing. If the man is still out of this, that's their man. Who's us? This is so stupid. Leave it to the brits who are always full of Schmidt. And the Americans are the same thing. Some King-sized trough of bars will be cut down the size in Britain. Next year as leading food manufacturers, respond to growing pressure about portion distortion and rising levels of obesity. portion distortion. Look at it. I like that. The oversized snack, some weighing as much as 100 grams, 3.5 ounces and containing 307 calories will be cut into two shareable portions. Wow. What a concept. I hate to break the news, he looks sick or somebody does that. He'll help. Right? As if. Well, let me just finish this silly crap. The move follows fast food giant McDonald's, the same dad's, salads with traditional hamburger and fries menu, and to provide pedometers and adult happy meals. So you can put it on your foot and see how many children you've lost. We're changing the format it'll become shareable and delivered in two pieces, said Mark Wiedermaster Foods, which our money announced it would cut the size of bars and snickers. They're going to chop it in half. He told Rort is the decision was companies contribution to Britain's food and drink that raisins van a fester to address portion size. No more portion distortion. The Federation published industry's response to the obesity epidemic yesterday. The plan addresses several issues including a new approach to portion size to reduce over consumption labeling, advertising to children, bending in public education, y'all y'all y'all. The birds are getting fat, the Americans are getting fat. Canadians are getting fat all over the world are getting fat because we're sporting all of this poison all over the world. It's great. So the idea that you're candy bars, you know, and we the same amount will still be three and a half ounces of whatever the portion is, but it'll just be split in two easy to share portions. I hear you all the time. I snickers bar. How about half of my Mars bar? Over my bed body. Right. Yeah. That chance. You're going to think just sol half of it. You'll just buy two. And of course you noticed it in recent years because they were consume feverously to cut down on this over consumption of people dying from being fat. But we've now got king size everything. You've got king size liquor bars and king size Mars bars and king size O Henry bars. Oh, Henry. Oh, that's O Henry. So I rest my case. It's all a but dog and pony showed it try to convince the public we're doing all these good things for you. We're trying to like to be good citizens of the planet and good corporate. Yeah, right. But the conscience. Now, how's that thing coming? I know we're going to get to the 1000 with no sweat at all. It took a lot of prodding and cleaning and pushing, but then again, we don't start to level whatever we start to want 940 this morning. There are votes 940. I mean 1040. Yeah. It was me. Cool. Well, that was central time. So we're going to get to the 1000 by 2 o'clock and then we win the prize. I don't know what it is, but we win the prize. And then the poor good boys and girls, then we get to get that new piece of equipment here tomorrow that my QC was from getting that. A thing we got going off. Yeah. So we're going to go through it. We only had like, well, just the one or was it too. Just the one. This one during the show. Let me have one or two. We allowed blast. See the quote of show. Luckily we don't want to have those on here too much. But Joyce can use those with fart sounds. She just use those ballistic over there. I think that's why we're going to part of my check back for their film all. Say if I'd Joyce, Joyce is probably like went to accounting. It's an ad son of a bitch. Are you really letting that in? This screw is life up. Screw you, Joyce. Humor was bitch. Anyway, John Nichols writes in my nation. I see. I see. I have time for this. Yeah, I got time. A lot of reading the a lot of bedtime stories into our tolerance today. No, no. Good stuff. Important stuff. Five weeks till election day. And those people would like you more than three. Those people are sick and tired of fascism. Those people are sick and tired of having their children and brothers and nephews and everybody else sit over to die as human sacrifices by the chicken, offspring, and he'll come. I grew up like a fascist lunatics. Those people are trying to watch their freedoms disappear. Those people will be out there and vote. I think it could be like a real surprise. Not an October surprise, but I know them were too surprised. But that call to be for it was right. Not to mention that thing about the overseas, the overseas balance was going to be millions this year. People that voted in funding are maybe even 30 million. 40 million. 40 years are going to be voting because they're pissed off and fired up. And other than orthodoxy, you know, if there is a little of course, you know, suck enough to anybody who smiles at them, who throws them a little free of halva. Everybody else is going to be voting for Kerry. Not because they like him so much as we all pointed out, but because the alternative is really a scary. So anyway, a John Nichols writes, Debate Halberton. George's W. Bush is ready to debate on Kerry. The chronically underestimated president who invariably prevails in face to face no doubt with his general election opponents has been cramming for weeks. According to Bush, he is a president, listen to tapes of Kerry's past debate performances and speeches, while he is traveling and doing his daily workouts. He is imported to Lanky, boring New England, or New Hampshire, US Senator Judd Greg, to play the role of Kerry during practice debates at the Beijing Crawford Texas. And he is now memorizing full-tested one-liners, crafted to devastate the democratic challenger and captures the headlines of that after 30 days debate in more oligatable splora. For his part, Kerry is prepping at a resort in Wisconsin after two weeks of honing and increasingly aggressive message regarding the crisis in Iraq and the mismanaged war on terrorism have gone to the first of three critical debates being incompetent. But if all Kerry does his wrestle bushfully tough on tear metal, that confidence will prove misplaced. In a foreign policy debate that plays out within the lines defined by what hospitals are Carl Roe, the best Kerry can know for his ad draw. Pretty typical punches will not have said Bush's delivery of the simple basic themes, battling against evil, taking the fight to the terrorist, safer now than on 911, that have allowed him to maintain relatively broad support in the face of increasingly awful news from around the world. Tonight Bush off message, Kerry will need to come into debates with a message for which Bush is unprepared, and Kerry will have to hammer away on that message until it's a time-stuptious manfors in the mind of the owning public. So, what should Kerry talk about? One word, Haliburton. Kerry should make the Crony capitalism, and it's a lot of vice president who has taken the opportunity to become the dominant player in the management of the box-socket patient and reconstruction of Iraq, a part of every answer to where every question. The Democratic explain to him or if he's again and again and again, that one of the primary explanations for the fact that the Western-based and Barack is turned out badly is that determination and dissemination and instrumentation to ensure that Haliburton be the primary profiteer in the region. No corporation is in more from the invasion of Iraq than Haliburton since the war began. It's moved from number 19 on the US Army's list of top contract, there's the number on. Last year, the company pocketed $4.2 billion in US taxpayer dollars, and that's merely the take so far. The company's Kellogg Brown and Root subsidiary is co-operated with the Boston Posts describes as one of the contracting plums of the war, a classified no bid deal worth up to $7 billion to do the restoration work. Yet, by any measure, Haliburton and KBR have been a horrible job of managing the occupied and the reconstruction, the company has been investigated and refined for wrongdoing and a few days ago by without new evidence surfacing the suggests that Haliburton is either massively corrupt or massively in it or, and this is the most likely explanation, unless he accommodation of the two. Things are so bad that Haliburton officials who are not talking about spitting off KBR in order to try to salvage what's left of the parent company's reputation. Kering is promised that as President, I will stop companies like Haliburton from profiting at the expense of our troops and taxpayers, referencing that fact that Cheney continues to receive money from Haliburton, a 170-8000 plus in 2003 alone, carry ads that will stop companies from receiving no bid contracts from the government when the President or Vice President still receiving compensation from that company. That's a message Kering should take into the debate. First, once talk about fighting against evil, Kering should have obliged him by forcing the President to address the evil of war profiteering and the crowd of handing no bid contracts to the company that's finally money into the Vice President's bank account. Pretty good luck to our nickel-feronation as usual. Anybody paying attention? No, but at least it may be true about it, anyway. I want to say that the evil rush is useless. On my 16th, 8th and... ...where I am, the dear, the girls are hot. I really think those seem to close. And the eyes are free and so is they're in air. They got to be their dead-nose. The push-pins are so small, yes. When they make those campaigns, walks all the way. They've got their looks, they've got the drinks in their mouth. They're at the end of the day. All companies, politicians, they're all doing their best to share a wish they'd come and be five to share. When they're the answers in my nose, they just don't do it for me. Yeah, all girls, they get the whole bathroom. I'd like to want to live in this city. I wish they'd come and be five to share. You will be five to share. I'd like to say that, I'd like to go to the local place and you're in a panic. You're in a cold sweat. I don't think I can get a pharaoh in five minutes. I think this probably is a record for us because we only had a three hours, 20 minutes show. And we got like 15 to go. It's like just over three hours, over a thousand boats. I don't like that. So, 2021 boats will have not been considered only one out of what. Every 50 years that many people can actually vote on a specific as an AOL craft. Right. But we hate AOL or what? Yeah. Man of these suck. Anyway, 2021 boats, the election is five weeks from today which of these is used. I'm voting Rock Solid for Kerry 7271.2% Rock Solid for Kerry. I'm voting Rock Solid for Bush 105. 10.2% Rock Solid for the Anati and Chief. I'm leaning the Kerry 54. I don't give a Schmidt 33. I'm leaning the Bush 32. Oh, poor baby. I'm not eligible to vote 26. I'll vote for Naiders 27. 23 down to 2.2%. Naiders, I got a 22. How much heat looks loving in it? And I'm not voting 21.2% to a 2%. I don't like that. I think we made a little bit of a turn around. Are you a sports or mind me to read diandescom today? Okay. Who the hell is Diana? Her name is Diana SIGFRIED. Not really, but the SIGFRIED and... I don't think. How is it what's his name doing? Oh, bro! I'm so tired of hearing about that. Anybody that's stupid enough to do stupid pet tricks for a living with a tiger? Right? Well, they asked for it. Exactly. They were taunting those names for years. Now, it's finally okay. The fighters did the sign up for that, so they probably weren't like down with the program. Right? Screamer? Anyway, Diana shoots him and looks into the globe, which is a tabloid. And he says, hey, who cares about what it comes right in the table? When you hear this, she just puts her thumb right on it. She says, by George, he's got nerve. In her explosive new book, author Kitty Kelly calls President Bush a liar. This is news. Just look at this so-called war on terror. Initially, I supported it very, very reluctantly. I'm out at it choosing to believe that if decent intelligence people such as Colin Powell and Tony Blair believe it was the right move, then they obviously knew more than they're telling us. And so be it. The public is not entitled to know everything that's going on. Now, all I know is too many people are coming home either in bits or in body bags and for what? Does anyone even talk about Osama anymore? Wasn't he the terror we were looking to eliminate? But that's his book, the family, the real story of the Bush dynasty, which surprise surprised has got the Bush camp up in arms. We're going to battle is there first impulse. Kelly claims that he was a shy, charmosous, boozer in a druggy who thumbed his nose at the honor of the presidency by repeatedly storting cocaine to camp David when his dad George senior held the highest office in the land. Years earlier in the 70s, George E. Boyer range for a pretty new girlfriend to have an abortion by then he had already developed an in several relationship with alcohol that began since the celebrity biographer when he struggled academically in boarding school. The Bush also came in handy with the ladies and acquaintance recalls George couldn't relate to what unless he was loaded. Kelly sources the triggered substance abuse to a suspension from flying during a stint in the national garden, although relevant documents are mysteriously missing from the record. It gets worse. The author claims that George was a time so abusive to buy floor as she fled their home several times, the police were never involved probably because of some arm twisting by the powerful Bush clan. Not that she was so innocent either with scenes, according to Kelly, Ms. Prim was the go-to girl from marijuana during her college days. Now I don't care that a person in drank with her drugs, I don't care that he or she, I'm ever hopeful, helped terminate pregnancy, I'd rather have someone real in your office. Someone human who's made mistakes, who's lived a little or a lot, and who can relate to people as flawed as we all are. Better than that better that than some sanctimonious rate error who looks down on you and me. What gets me if any of Kelly's claims are true is that Bush doesn't admit to his past baby, but as President once, and has the gall to stym his opponents for lesser evils. Sure, as Finn doctors had the sense to tell him to fess up to boozing that goes down smooth with his beer guss on ventoatin supporters, especially after a throw in the religion crap, police. These supporters blast that Kelly's blockbuster book is outrageous and deliberately time to affect the upcoming election. Well, duh, but they can just calm themselves down right now because the sad truth is, Bush ain't going nowhere. As I can tell the majority of the voting public favors tax cuts for the rich, higher health care costs, fewer jobs, a senseless expensive war, our grandchildren will certainly pay him for a gazillion dollar deficit that is stretched to the environment and an educational system that's the shame of the free world. And no book no matter how sensational is going to change that. But it is so perfect, there she lays it all out there for a while right there at the end of the L.S. program. Air v single issue is a is a minus taking a multi-trillion dollar surplus trading into a multi-trillion dollar deficit in four years. Yeah, but the environment court, I'm going to handbasque it all. We don't have to worry about about global warming. There is no such thing. Now what I Kyoto treaty, we don't want to be stuck into that. Or any other treaty that anybody ever signed, air v single issue is in the language of the right. And the American public, the geniuses that they are, 54% approval rating, only 44% disapproval. And air v pull now shows him either with like, you know, a slightly or a big lead. Or like maybe galloping away, but a George Galloping. And the George Galloping. Ex-reliable. 56%. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying onOMT. Before I cannot show off Kim request. I'm just very far away from Kim Jonghye. I'm going to meet Kim Jonghye. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm going to meet Kim Jonghye. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm dying on the hand. I'm talking on the hand. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, hello, oh, oh, oh, oh, there it will all flow from the world and there. Oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, the sky will grow, subscribe. I'm gonna be a fucking fool, I'm gonna be a fucking fool I'm gonna be a fucking fool, I'm gonna be a fucking fool I'm gonna be a fucking fool, I'm gonna be a fucking fool I'm gonna be a fucking fool, I'm gonna be a fucking fool I'm gonna be a fucking fool, I'm gonna be a fucking fool I'm gonna be a fucking fool, I'm gonna be a fucking fool I'm gonna be a fucking fool Oh we're flying Damn, a loser We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you We are so pleased to welcome you