Little Craig Sokman But it's horses windows~~~~ you don't want to go when you saw these geलian you might receive weird bottles Ye'vurshaid mom our lifetime your wife hype like what's that fame for dad That's just short for Orlando Bloom. You don't look cute, ain't you? No. No. No. No. No. Now Neil's gonna ready for four hours. I've been insecure since Chris confidence, but in case you want to rely on him, he is. Showbacks is fended. Showbacks is fended. Back up of the flyer. Maybe we should take this call for our special guest, Roberto L'Ongo. Hi, everybody. So, you want to end up with just a few minutes now? I'm sure that's Ricky Boyz guy that goes far all the time. Oh! I've been like, you're not sleeping. We confusing the character on another show. That's not me. I have children, you know. Do I do it? You have a funny lady. Yeah! I'm a good kid, call him. I'm a good boy. I'm sorry. I'm a good boy. We can't get into that right now. Show to me. I'm sure to be with that. Hey, girl! I wasn't working on any of this. Hey, baby. Hey, baby. Who were you? Oh, there! I got you out. I'm going to crush you. They look into you, they look. Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! I got you! 10, 11, 5, 60, WQM. I said, I killed you. This keeps getting better, don't you? Every day. See, it's something else. You're going to like, put you up a little bit today or what? We were discussing. We're talking about user. Nothing bad. Okay. We had a little conference about their Miguel and Duff and I and Josh. We're trying to figure out what your vocal situation is. What do you mean? Well, you look a little horse. No, actually, in your case, more like a gigantic cow. But no, really, you just, I don't know you can't. What's the way I'm looking for? Project. Okay. Do you want me? I'll get my projector out. No, you understand what I'm saying. In other words, I think maybe there's so much fat built up around your Larynx that your vocal ability is slightly restricted. I'll try to screen. You can use shout, can you scream? Are you capable of doing that? I can try. No, I don't want you to do that. We got no screamers running around already. But I'm just concerned for you. I think that maybe there's a gigantic build up a fat just where your neck used to be. I had a neck? Who's bringing your food today? We're still working on that. Okay. Don't tell let us down now. Jeff, I said he was going to get us something today. But I don't know if he's going to get into something. What's your take on the Tampa School Teacher West sex with their 14 year old student? That was our second pull question yesterday at a went over mighty big. Let me tell you right now. That is big as Dirty Marin. But the biggest of fine picture. Let's see, the Tampa School Teacher in a 14 year old kid. I'm jealous for 180 80 people said that about 30%. I'm 30 man. He's a crazy bitch but very hot, 314. The cousin should be shopper squealing from the age. I'll do her at any age, 290, this for Robert Zachter. If she's not bad, especially with all the makeup on, without the makeup, wow. She looks like real definitive, simple terrorist trailer trash. A fly her ass, 120, 4 and no big deal, 93. At a moment of 16, I'm a 4th son or second pull yesterday. Not too shabby. And definitely not too shabby when you take a peek at our behind-the-be to the curtain today. If you're over the age of 65 and have several pieces of ID, John Ascrods, I guarantee his BDIs are going to be like rolling around like a pinball machine today. Just take a little peek. Choosing Marin? Now the interesting part of it is this doesn't say when she was born. That's really bothers me when I have biographies that don't have somebody's age. Why would they do that? She didn't want her age to be out there maybe. So is this chest not heard exquisiby of the his best known for working a summer 98 and fall 98 guests advertising campaigns. Choosing Marin was born and raised just outside San Francisco and Menlo Park. And graduated from an all-girls private school although she now resides in Manhattan, California. Oh I see. This is very poorly written. Although she now resides in Manhattan, California will always be considered home. Following the path of many other models, Mirage had not initially aspired to be a model. She was hanging out with her friends at a barbecue in her hometown three years ago in a woman's house to be in a fashion show. This request was the beginning of her modeling career since the modeling age and the show spotted Marin occurred to her to start modeling. Anytime somebody comes up to you says oh boy, I sure like you to be in a fashion show or model for me. I'd run like a son of a bitch and call a police. Presently managed by the elite model management Marin is great such magazine covers as fitness, glamour and teen as well as shape 17 stuff and sport. Apart from her work in the guest advertising campaigns, you've heard an ad for me, I'm American evil, outfitters and people may also recognize her as the main female character in the best way for his video everybody backs me back. Oh yeah, remember that? No, no, no you don't, right. Although she had as hardly hadn't impressed with my life, I'm worried the 10 to range of 20. In other words we don't have the birthday cause she's 20. So there you go. That only is she looked at life as an adventure but also enjoying a different people, cultures in country, and yaddy yaddy yaddy all the stuff. Let's take a peek, OK, the price is right, a street. Here's today's pool collection which Autowen gender just lots and lots of conversation don't you think? Yes. Well, it was suggested by Carl R. F. studies, obviously, a real professional troublemaker. And this is the way I awarded it. What do you think Greg Reed, W. K. M. General, manager, biggest bonehead, moved with the past seven years, was. Now, the reason I put seven years is because it's approaching the end of this year, approaching 70 years that I've been on a station. And of course, they blew out that midday show. They blew out the bookstering, and Chris Moore on. And wasn't also Joe Zagakian. They had a whole bunch of different people in midday. Right? Interchangeable pieces. Yeah. And piece of crap, I think, is what you're trying to say. Because it's just a never-ready accomplished much. No numbers. Kind of like a fondering. But anyway, so we'll like to use that as the demarcation point. Here's the choices I have so far and you can add on many, many more. I'm sure, because when it comes to Greg, there's no end and the stakes that he can make bonehead. Fireings Scott for real, fireings Scott for real, fire in the arrages, firing low-hour-divided, but don't don't don't don't don't. Raking up the first team or keeping guilty on the air. Those are some of the ones that immediately came to mind. Six. How people in the building had combined set of, when Carolyn was on, was at the morning crew, did they call it? Right. Yeah, that should be a nominee. What does that mean? In other words, putting that on? Yes. Putting the morning crew on. Okay, putting on the morning crew. He was putting on the audience, so I think, putting on the morning crew. Was, uh, Ron Hershey Highway, don't forget about him and Carolyn. The morning crew, okay. Any others? I mean, there's so many other way. I could do a mall, but I don't know what, you know, taking anything away from the audience. Yeah, we start with that. Putting on the morning crew. So we got seven on here for you right now. We can start, let's see. I'm going to put on. I'm going to vote. Maybe I better not say what I'm voting for. Um, I'm going to vote for keeping Goli on the air just to bust his little ball. Yeah. Just for the hell of it, you know? Why don't we got some votes already? Breaking up the first team nine. That was the beginning of the end, Greg. And luckily, you just lucked out again. And Hershey fell right out one more time. He's still got a few four of the full version of their two and reserve. This in case. I don't think his luck is ever going to run out. Breaking up the first team nine keeping Goli on the air six, smattering a vote here, hiring low-powered David at five. Admistate. Uh, firing squad for well three, hiring your Rogers one and hiring squad for well none. I'm the first 24. But that's so what that sits right now. And I'm sure that you're all looking at all ready just digins of these. WQAM, hello. Hey, what up? Yes, sir. Put our land away on the air. That's the biggest move. Okay. And that's about as known as it gets to the big- Oh, what in the big-o on the air? You got it? Got it. I'll take another one. Now let's rip everybody and ask him, I put myself on here. So what's wrong with that? How about using Joseph Gaki as a filling? Joseph Gaki's stock, okay? Okay. Sure? Using Joseph Gaki and her, how do you want to say it? I'll leave the fine-boarding up to a dry surface and see some on sitting at the. He's mastering that computer thing we got. Right. So let's see. So I have those couple on there and about 20, 30, 40 more. About 30 man. At least because there's so many, so many mistakes in so little time, Greg. And he's walking him out with his smile and his face like he has so many, what plan of he's on? Great job. Great job, boys. Great job. Couldn't I know without your Greg? Yes. Welcome to the next episode. Hello. Not firing George Rodriguez. Okay. I'm right. Both of them all on there. I don't hear. Sure. We're not protecting anybody. Not firing George Rodriguez. Which is, that must have been most worth-for-in-call-in. Absolutely. You're fired at this. I wonder, is there anything bad? Because a lot of these, I listen to before I play money here if I haven't done it already. To make sure that there are no words that are going to like, let me just see. Just to don't-I'm sure that there must be some bad ones. What's that crap they played on the wall? That's foul. I don't know you're saying, well, garbage. I just a matter of time before we're going to have to done something, so just- The kids are big on the wall, it's good. Like that's all I'm happy I live in this split-level head. You remember that? How can you, please? I'm happy I live in this split-level head. I'm happy I live in this split-level head. You remember that? No. Play a message around that by morons. Don't be a holly. Don't be a holly. But an essential point in it should be a bow. You're so fast-o-okay, that's it. You're all fired. You'll grab a school with a whole prison. Okay, that's all we need to hear that, because I just remembered once in every side that. Which made you remember, too. But anyway, I'm not listening to that. It was something about f***ing cruiser. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound-5, 6. That was back in the days when Muller and I weren't bonding like we are now. The best friends? I heard him sucking up to you this morning, big time. Wow, wow, wow, wow, man. Just looking between the cheeks. It was just unbelievable. Got to love that. Well, man, you're all of it, you did? Oh, I love that. One thing about Muller, man. One day you're on, one day you're off, one day you run the inside. Next day you're running outside. He's like, what was that? He was talking about the New Year Roger School of Broadcasting. What was that? I think it just got a piece of that. I don't know. I didn't catch that. Right at the end of the show. The School of Broadcasting. Maybe this has been got you on here this week. That's probably what he was talking about. WDQM, hello. Yeah. Yes sir. One thing before I get to the poll, I took a couple of Republican friends to find the seeds fair and height. Yeah. And we changed her. We actually changed somebody. They don't like Carrie. They're just going to shut up this election. Yeah. Sure. That's two votes for Bush. And you want the most incompetent thing that Greg Regus done. About call me homey. There we go. Oh yeah. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Yeah. I don't think anybody else in the world would put our good friend. When it was me, briefly on the world was he on somewhere. 940? Was he really? He was on with the morning guest. Oh my gosh. We use these alarm truck problems. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So crowbar, that's right here, homeboy. I like Dallas. Same here, Matt. Manning. Ramirez. How about you, the M&B, the troll, the M&B, the Blulph. There's a broadcast here for maybe if there was everybody. If you give it idea what's going on in this business, there it be. Oh yeah. This is the switch between all five six months. You and you. But what what what what what what. There's a bad left wing guy. I want push to say goodbye, Michael Morris. All right. Here is extra friends and I love him in friends. Matt, the boy. His new flick. He just full of sticks. He'll be a sick cause it picks on George W. Might become number number one and then when it's done won't keep funburs will be school. His vacuum and theory post stars from John Kerry, Michael Morris. There's been wings and a skirt. His feet will last an hour. You can bear. And now all the fox news for like him to be moving to Norway. What is clear? You're stuck into being paid in very Michael Morris. That's just in at five sixty. WQM happy Thursday. July first happy birthday to Duff who's twenty five today. Good timing on playing that because I was Jack is makes sense to tell us how you enjoyed the movie last night. It was one of the best movies I ever seen in my life. You actually did see it. I went to the four o'clock showing. I was the only one that wasn't sold out. And I absolutely sat there with my brother. He's nineteen. We both were like freaked out by the movie almost. Yeah. By the thing, all the details that we're going on. Was there a big crowd? Yeah. It was packed at four o'clock. And this was at the song grant. That's the song grant. We saw like the four ten. There's actually two now. They're showing two and two theaters now. Really? Because obviously they've been sold out every one. So. But my real goal. My pleasure. Our listen weekend. This weekend it's going to start opening a lot of other theaters. It's going to be an honor with the actual numbers. But it's going to be maybe double. What it was already in before. That's incredible. So it's gaining momentum. It's gaining a little bit low. It's a little bit like crazy. And the audience at the end of the movie was the reaction. Clapping like it was the end of like the Super Bowl. There you go. Even without the. Mipple. You got to go. Well, that's good. See you finally got to see it. So all three of us have seen it. That's three for three. What's your excuse folks? I'll be able to see that propaganda. We don't like it. We don't like it. We don't. It's seen so ambitious as the time John Furry's campaign announced a $20 million or $20 city thought raising two and really marks the movie. But you night Democrats after a competitive primary scene. The shrub skeptics who thought the Massachusetts Democrat Act built up in the Magic Touch with donors. But in short order, he proved his daughter is wrong. The campaign shattered record after record during the spring. Raising twice this million online in March alone, drawing in some 900,000 small donations of borders. We gave $100 or so a feast this spring and holding cocktail with substance and concerts from New York to New Orleans to LA. We're curious. We've got the crowds announcing they had set record for fundraising events. Today the care campaign is going to announce that it's raised at least $175 million for the run up to the general election in this presidential cycle. Break into record at George's W. Bush had set in 2000 more than $130 million. How do you like that? Wow. $175 million. I still looks like a dead man. He still doesn't inspire when he speaks but never lies. He's got some cash. It's not so important that he succeeds but that Bush fails, I guess, is the way we have to look at this. It's not so important that somebody likes a fire under carry but that Bush falls on his ass, which looks like it's happening. So far. To end 2M and in March of the night at the A.D. in Busby is located off Sheridan 95, staffed by surprises from Billy Demarland in the Mermaid. The same low budget prices that QM always gives away the same crap. It's a Marlins watch party starting at 7 o'clock tonight at the Daven Busby is in Hollywood. See the reason I say that is because I don't like downplay the fact that we got free crap. But we don't want a whole bunch of people going over there. Oh, gee, we thought we had a chance to win something good. No. No. But we'd like to get you over there anyway. And look for the QM fan today starting at 11 o'clock this morning at the Shell station. I'll be don't be using it that gank though. At the Shell station located just west of I-95 on Sheridan Street. staffed by the pick of a pair of tickets to see the Marlins at the Devil Rays to Mar9. Now, are they, we shouldn't be saying that today? Can we just say the race? You can. I mean, what was the, I've said Devil Rays on the uniforms, right? Yes. Yes. I've seen about two pitches of that. They had to be thing a bit of a tap because they were all the lunatics, the right wingers, which is most of that town up in armus when they first got the baseball team. Oh, no. We don't want them to be the Devil Rays. So didn't they officially become the race for a while? I don't think so. No. I think they're still always been the double race. Hmm. Well, maybe there was just talk about that. Well, we don't want to calm the Devil Rays because the Devil, we don't want to be working to do the work of the Devil. Got for a bit? Not in Tampa. Certainly not in Loots in Temple, Terras, and Carol, would I say that right now, Mr. What a bunch of Yahoo, Steve. Anybody out there ever lived in Tampa? I feel awak and gradually, if you got out and if you're listening in Tampa, please get out before it's too late. I still heard that. In where? Brandon? Well, and Brandon, where do we used to be? Right? Or that barto? Yeah. Brandon's where the big mall is? Yeah, I know where Brandon is. Y'all Yahoo's. Wow. Wow. Wow. What a place clear water? Correct. The whole West Coast is there any place on a West Coast of this state where it's this not Yahoo's city. I mean, Panama City is beautiful, but there ain't nothing but Bible Conference now who's there. I think two ladies and two men. They've either dropped through two men that stop light. No. Really? You probably didn't just don't know it. Probably. But, uh, what's the most close to this state is just a real nightmare. Infinity suits their channel over stern cancelations. Oh, right. Is good news. Why is it good news? Because anything bad that happens to clear channel makes us very, very happy. Clear channel has been sued by Infinity broadcasting and 112 in corporate to the company that places stern show on affiliate stations for violating the terms of the agreements that cheer our clear channel hand to air the Howard Stern Show in those 6 US markets. Infinity in 112 seek more than $10 million in damages and each accused clear channel affinity and notify them that stern show was being dropped a requirement of the contract. Well, they must know Greg in other words, but they have a contract they just don't pay intention to it. When I shake your hand it means uh, nothing. Infinity in 112 also charged in their breach of contract claim that they are old license fees by clear channel. In a statement clear channel chief legal officer Andy Levins said, Howard Stern is the only one who was broken the law. His contract explicitly requires his show comply with all his FCC rules and regulations and several occasions clearly did not. Third channel radio had both illegal right and obligation to stop broadcasting it because we're a bunch of pretty too shoes and a bunch of uh, cool. Stern Show was pulled from what we know. Miami Orlando, Pittsburgh, Washington, San Diego. And what I'm here in from the people in town is that the TV stations in the Dayton 40 yesterday, 4, 6, 7, 10, 23, 51, 175. But they were all hyperhandulating that stern is coming back on the air. Well, guess what? Now as we told yesterday he's coming back on air again, but in Palm Beach on the buzz. Even a little Palm Beachick or right, so we all have fast columnists morning till people and he does mention there that the signal is not good and Howard and he can't hear it in date. He mentions that. So why not point that out? That there's a real strange thing going on here. He's back on in the market he was off before Pittsburgh, right? San Diego, watch Hesta, right? Yep. Not in Louisville though, but he's working on that. But, that doesn't miss here. How come he comes back on in Palm Beach? He wasn't even on in Palm Beach before. He's going back in Orlando on a stay here you can hear. He's going in Tampa where he never was before. Look out. But he's coming on in WL. What is it called? I don't even know the callators. P.B.Z. And so where I asked. One or three point what about starting July 19? Big, big, to do as an animal. How come they're not asking me, obviously, I'd be a question, right? Would you think? Yeah. How come he's not going to be on the coast? How come he's not going to be on kiss? For the power of 96. I mean, there are some FM stations they threw a channel that was known. I know that's a great chance you. I mean, he'll just give me all of my time. How come he's not going to be on a life? Well, he didn't inject a little life out of that thing. Is that a fact? There are number one. That's a pretty sad commentary, isn't it? Oh, God. I was just sure there are a lot of people over the age of 100 and a lot of L.I. a lot of L.I. a lot of other music in the office is all over the town. Doctor's, proctologist, everybody go. It's life. The music of your life, crap. So anyway, July 19, stirring goes on in WPVZ and West Palm Beach. And we hit some spy reports yesterday and you get different stories. Everybody's got stories, you know? You can't hear it. Who is telling me? Oh, no. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That's the way. You can't hear it. Where? Somewhere. I don't know. Where are the hell he lives? I don't know. And pepper pines, I guess. Can't hear it. Nothing but a bunch of stonic. And you? Have you tried to hear it? I couldn't hear it in plantation yesterday. Really? Yeah. Maybe it was on that span. And of course, Josh says he does in cool springs, which is pretty far up there. And he can't hear it. Is that what you said? I put him or do you know? No, it's very static. I took it up to her. Well, if it's very static, you've got to make it feel right at home. You work on 2 AM. Very true. What's wrong with a little static? I always tell you. There you go. Make it feel right at home. Sounds a lot better. Well, like I told you before, and I hate to break the news to you. I've been seen this for a couple years now. This is a dinosaur. Remember the simpler gas stations? You ever see those with the dinosaur used to be the logo? I'm sure they're not in business anymore. But anyway, they had a big dinosaur. And that's what radio was. You don't have a logo on your radio right now. Vable Donno is sore. Because we're done. We're all finished. In fact, the fact that this story is coming on, he's belly aching. Oh, do they fired me? Two-channel fired me. I was so pissed off. Well, the fact of the matter is, did public last one you got fired? Nobody's talking about him. Nobody's talking about these poor bastards. They're getting fired on these nine stations. It turns going back on or going on the first time. And nobody else has talked about other people whose shows are being watered down. And I have to like be careful because they can't say, oh, they can't do crap. Right. This is the thing that just like I said yesterday. And I know we got a lot of Howard Stern fans listening to the show. That's fine. No, pay more power to you. But the fact that a matter is that I told you all along when he started with this crackbacker from the booby gate they were in the Super Bowl. This isn't about Howard Stern. And this isn't about him not in Bush. In finnities paid millions of dollars in fines. When Clinton was president, when Bush's president, I'll be called a Stern show. It's got nothing to do with that. That's just they just want to make a martyr of himself. But he's have a little bit of rough months, a little bit of compassion for the other people in the business. Which he doesn't have because as far as he's concerned, there are no other people in the business. He doesn't care about anyone else. No, of course not. The world over at court in the Howard. Like I said today. Now some other news which I don't see in print anywhere, but everybody seems to know. Is this thing that blind might call it in yesterday? Thanks a lot. 28 years he finally called it with something useful. Nice going Mike, Mike, White. Phil Henry's going off I would be. How do you like that? You heard that yesterday. All right. I'm not something. It goes to show his. I turned to the right that he took. Well, didn't help W. I. Oh, I hate that. I power enough to the right. That's why they're going to put Sean handed the on their spuing. Nancy propaganda. W. And who do you say is going to be on in the morning? Was that a fluke? Yeah. I had no idea in the morning. Or maybe it was Miguel. So I'm a captain. Billy. Captain. Somebody I never heard of before. I don't know what they're talking about. Captain Andrew. Yeah. Captain kangaroo or skipper Chuck. I don't know. They got real service man. We saw their numbers just drop in big time. Oh, OK. They're nice going David. I saw him. Tony Bulls your man. I'd like to see the line of how people in this business who'd like to just. Put, see his head on a plate. Since that seems to be the end thing these days. I'd like to see people who just head on a plate. I don't know. Can you imagine how many people in this business would pay to see that? In fact, can you imagine how many people would like to hold that machete? Maybe we can get OJ over there. Supervised the ceremony. Do something useful OJ, OK. And by the way, your daughter hates you. 28 times 10. We got a very light log today. It's kind of like just a light and fluffy day. You know what I mean today and tomorrow? I love it. Yeah, I do too. No pressure. The trend is out. The spring book is over with already. We're just kind of floating along here. That's what Fifi Carlos. So we're just kind of floating. In fact, it's 4th of July weekend. Time for the mattress and furniture stores to run those funny sales. They do whatever you're at this time. When they double the price and they say, I guess what we're giving you half off. Big deal. Don't waste time this week. Can drag it around shopping for a mattress. Slupping into some believable heat. Save money in time this week. And by calling Tyler McRis. At 1-800 mattress right now. For prices lower than the mall store is even during the so-called big sales. Old E. Tyler McRis delivers ADM to 10pm every day. Including the 4th and 5th of July. That's correct. You heard me right. You can get delivery this entire holiday weekend. Tyler McRis is ranked number one in the world of the customer satisfaction. They won the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Church of Excellence award too. When you call one agent in reference, you'll get the best prices on the best brands Go and delivery on your schedule. You still get to pick that two or one of the ones convenient for you. And the best customer service going anywhere. Tyler McRis has got all the names you love. See these sort of King Quarrel Simmons temper peed at students of the dentist foster too. All of us at QA including your truly living. Get in our new beds at the. The Valentine Christmas New Year. You ought to be doing the same. 1-800 mattress. That's the number to call or check them on the web at mattress.com. 1-800-MATT-RES. The easiest, the smartest way to give you a great night's sleep for years to come. Why? I can't walk all of this. 4-20-5-60-20-U-A-M. And they all Roger having trouble falling asleep. It conventionally sleep wishes with settings like a kettle rain and batling door. Don't help. Get the John Kerry's sleep machine. It rolls you to sleep with the mind numbing sounds of a John Kerry political speech. I used to toss and turn for hours, but now I just turn on my John Kerry's sleep machine. My international strategy is centered on the market. And before I know it, I'm surprised to see you. The John Kerry's sleep machine offers four different policy settings to suit every mood. From tax reforms. My new payroll tax credit will move or... Are you getting a sleep machine? We're not in today. Who are they? They're coming. Before we can lay the foundation. We're gonna make this a buzzer. We'll sleep the foundations of the topic. Get the John Kerry's sleep machine today. And with any luck, you'll sleep right through the election. I'm John Kerry. And I approve the John Kerry's sleep machine. I'm available. Where are my solution? I'm going to try John Kerry. I know you will. It's a view. But it's a temporary. Come down John. So here's a fact to correct a blind mic. I know he can be all right. He'll head we will still be on WOD, but it will move in an authentic black and night. Some of us are taping it and they're whatever they're doing with it. Yeah, five to nine in the morning will be Captain Brian, whoever that is. Captain Brian. Oh yeah. Who's that? You tell me. Captain Kangaroo's cousin. I haven't got it. Never heard of Captain Brian. So in other words, they're shuffling the deck again all around. That's what TD Bouldries most famous for. Did I say the yesterday? Shuffling it all around. Shuffling it all around. Shuffling the same old crap around. Bringing some more of a piped in crap. Captain Brian my ass. So I guess John handed these seven to ten. And then it's 10 o'clock. It's a bill of fill Henry. Is what it's going to be. Are you sure? That's what they're telling us. We don't mind promoting all the other. For example, here's one. It's obviously a set of just like the call way yesterday. But Bill O'Reilly. Oh, I got a speeding Bill O'Reilly article that they've a little later. What is that call we had that was obviously a set of probably PDD-linies boy friend. Oh, I didn't know Bill O'Reilly was on here. Where is he on there? What? Eight fifty. Okay. WFTL, eight fifty. It's a Palm Beach station. What a really big signal. Nobody listens to. That's the one. Because Bill and Lini Beach says. Enjoy the show. What happened? Jeff to force. Where is he now? Eight fifty. WFTL. See they're all looking to me to pump them up. You're out there. Oh, that's beautiful. The radio. I'm pumping everybody up. Not going to help though. Such a great promote your. Yeah. Am I innocent. If you're like, I said, yeah, today, if you're paranoid. If you're nervous about everybody else, if you're a scared, then you just touched and then you do the callers. We're not going to talk about neo-rodgers. We're not going to talk about anybody because somebody might discover them. If we mentioned them. That kind of stupid crap. Because there's so many stupid people in this business. And we work for one. And that's why we asked today. What do you think Greg Reed W. Koo-Yves general manager's biggest bull and head move at a past seven years was? Look at that almost 200 votes unless the half an hour. Let me start the bull about ten after their votes. Yeah. Less than half an hour going early 200. See yesterday's first poll I hated like poison. I remember what that was. What was it? Yeah sports figure was the biggest horror. Oh, I thought that was good. Yeah, sorry. In fact, who did I see? Oh, I saw a shack on here. Last night, peddle in some crap. I'll sweat it up and nobody would have gigantic head and took up the whole screen back medicine. Like for your, for back. Yeah, that was it. That was it. Oh, brother. What a horror. In the thing I really frost my as you don't these guys make enough money in a new professions. Making millions and millions and millions playing some stupid game. Don't they make enough there? Oh, god. Anyway, that great business state hiring more Howard David at 53. Oh, come on. I'm thinking on my good buddy, Mo. What do you think about that, Zach? I can't believe it. Speak up, speak up. We can't hear you, Zach. I can't believe that they would say that about Howard. Yeah, about Howard. Now, see, was he really calling a jelly jelly last week when jelly was doing when Joe was suspended? I mean, when you was he was calling a jelly. Yeah, you did at the end. And yeah, despite that, the fact that he hates him like poison, the two of them are like the peanut butter and jelly routine again. Oh, yeah. That's bunch of phony cram. Fireings gone for Ralph 46. Now you see, this is what I knew that would get a lot of votes. And this is what really cracks me on the kick. It's acid. And then I'll steal this to the guy is the the people who might have seen a missing badly and it was a lot of fun and I'll let them just up. They wanted to they don't get it. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? Oh, I do. They just don't get it. Yeah. But fables is over at a long. Farie Scott for L46 breaking up the first team 46, which of course is what's started a whole. In fact, you can't you can't talk about most of the other ones on here or many of the other ones without the time and event that started it all off because that was when he dropped the gigantic egg on the ground like Humpty Dumpty. And now he's been trying to put the pieces together for two and a half years and he can't do it. And this goes to share with a jerk we work for. Joe rose comes to the guy two and a half years ago. It says I'm going to do full time at NBC six. I, you know, I'm leaving thanks for everything. He gives him notice whatever the hell it was a few weeks and a couple of months. I'm going to be leaving him in the air. Fine, you can't leave. You're fired. You're all fired. The first team you're all fired. But you can stay around until I figure out what I'm going to put on there. You're fired but you're not fired. I've been in this business a hundred years. I never heard anything like that. That was pretty crazy. You're all fired because I'm not going to. And of course he was putting all tiny odds up and very jackass. He wasn't happy with the first team's numbers and all the seller garbage. Of course they had those 19 in a race, which isn't made kind of hard to listen to. But nevertheless. And that's what started it is that he blew everybody off any letterman. And of course it was the deep OSHOL. A lot of people are forgotten that episode because it lasted very briefly. The morning show was you have to force. Is that what we called it? I think that was the name of it. The Jeff divorce morning and that of course the defolite little problem with the Indian. And and he disappeared. And as a result that of course he became the morning the mass the morning wrecking crew. That's when I started working. That was what I got. What's in other words you want with Ron Hershey Highway? Yes. And Sins stolen and Vandie. Who? Mark Van Demir was on to the more. Oh, Mark Van der Vandie. Oh brother. I forgot I'm dealing with a sports nerd guy. Mark Van Demir. My hands did good guy. Yeah, his Vanity was great guy. He never stole a freight train. All of his wife used to hit me like toys. Well, you know why she used to say I picked on Joe's a ganky too much. She's there. I cranked all the station. I think she used to make. How come you pick it? I Joe's a ganky. And I don't know what that was all about. And what did Mark Van Demir have to do with Joe's a ganky anyway? When you come right down to him. He used to call the Kings games. Van Demir? Yes. Right. So what does that have to always do ganky work with him? Yeah. Or that is scary. He crushed it all across our favorite is. Oh my. Oh my. Man. Good guy though. Let me say it again. All business. Not personal. Like to a lot is a good guy. And he's a man's too. And the rare occasion why and there and he's in there like fill in for hang for something always comes over shakes my hand. We are confabulate for like 20 seconds. Oh, but it doesn't take it personal. I'm our some people. I know. It's a boot boot ticket personal. This is business and you're taking it very very very personal. Man. They were us. Hello, Moelawerner. Meal. I apologize for just waiting here. You are the truth. Let's do it! There's a fire over it! Call my wife! Tell what house that is! The soon Hillary will be better! And there's no young! That's what they paid! There's a chapter all mine, Featuring! And the heavy turns! I'll point in the hall! I got busted for my cheats! In my life, I wrote it all! And besides my stinky lovers, There's some crap in there! Now my policies, What those pages won't get notice! So just think of them as a waste of trees Still I hope you go and buy yourself a copy! So I can sell more than Hillary Then you can read about a girl who's fat and soft-a-int! I'll save! Oh my life! I'll save! Oh my life! I'll save! Oh my life! Oh! That 45 is 5.60, WCW, I am so anyway, Here's, I'll interrupt in myself! I have a hand at a doing that! Kills in good time though! 274 votes already! This is going over big! Big time! They love this kind of crap! Gregory's business taken line of seven years! Harry Mowhower David at 70! Go go go go go go go go! Where can I have to first team? 60! Firing Scott for well 54! Keeping Gildy on here! 28! Not firing a little George Rodriguez 19! Hiring Scott for well 12! Using Josie as a fillin nine! To fill in! Putting the big O on the year! Beat! Putting on the Crow's seven! Hiring your Roger's six! And putting on the morning crew one! I bet you'll eat a heart baby, but you'll remember that! You know, it's other than Zach! The morning crew! How long was that? Actually it was out of few months! And believe it or not, the numbers were very good that book! Maybe it was just a coincidence! Numbers were pretty dang good in that one book they were! I have no idea why! Because it was like a freak show! Like an accident! Every day there was a new host! It was really something! But we couldn't remember that! They were on her sea highway! I'll tell you that! He was really a hootin a heart! This Dave Slater man! I used to like Dave a lot! But this, if you think you're going to hoard a show, whoever sent me this thing from New Times magazine, a few people don't stop! If you get any more facks from Dave Slater's people, don't, his people both of them! I don't send him to me, please! No problem! I mean, he's running again for the county mayor! You know, good guy! Good guy! Good intentions! But you know what they say about the best of intentions is going to have on a hand basket! Man! Man! When you ran for mayor in 2000, we received 4,995 votes! He's asked him what's different about this year! He remains unflammable! We've got so many people running out there! It's not going to take much to get into a runoff! Yaddy, yaddy, yaddy! Oh, okay! It's a wide open race! Good luck to you, Dave! You can save all of us from all whatever it is! From the rest of the day, county! Okay, let's get some more choices for the pool line here, okay? Cause they're just sucking him up! 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60! WQN, hello! Y'all! Yes, I am! You'd be so good news for you! First of all, there are people going door to door to door to register for people to vote! All right! Yes! Okay, second is, I saw a certain item in 11 on Saturday night! At Evan's sure a mile! I called up two hours before! He's my credit card! Okay, so I reserved the ticket! I'm going to serve the staff! Pick them up! We're there in hourly! Pick those seats! You'll pick your seat! Yeah, pick those seats! We're going to now early! Yeah, you'll see! They open the second theater for it! At that time, it's a starting! So, I would invite everyone to go that way with it! Okay, thanks, darling! Okay! I'm going to go right! He picked his seat and he was even on a bash about you! I'm going to make sure I heard right! Don't be doing that in public, no more please! But anyway, it is filling the theaters everywhere! And it's opening a whole bunch more theaters, like I said! And the right wingers want to pretend! Oh, it's all proper! And then it's all about your lies! Wait a minute! It's all right, therefore! It's all well documented! All right! I can't imagine anybody going to that movie! You're not leaving there like a little breakfast! Like, oh, it pissed off! Fire it up! Filming it to mouth! Exactly how I fell yesterday! And I find it a lot of... Some of the people that are not going to the most number one aren't seeing it! Number two, they haven't got to know their answer from your elbow! That's the sad part! Some of the people on this station are not as strict as sports! I want to mention those names, you know what I mean? Five, six, seven, five, six, six, the pound, five, six, the only eighteen! That did most see it, is he talking about it? He hasn't been talking about it yet, I don't think he saw you! Well, why not? I'm not sure, I told him about this morning! Go ahead and tell him about this morning! Go ahead and tell him! Go ahead and tell him! The matinee! Ha ha ha ha! Let's see, how about... Oh yeah! Oh yeah! This is really the winner, although won't get as many votes as it should! This is the winner of this madness called Reg Read! And it says, how about approving WQM Association with OG at the Golf Tournament? Not just approving it, but doing it! He was the mover and shaker, and then of course he's 20 and everybody else! Though I did know not, I didn't know not about that! Yeah! That's the unusual dumb sounding mix! Sam had to take the default, and I was just fine because if anybody deserved it, he did, but the screw-in! They were all in and of it after their armpits! After I greeted him, that stupid golfer meant to raise funds for where a center one, or whatever, which air air was center one! I didn't want any part of it, I don't do gui, I haven't no interest in golfer, and I don't like golf, I don't want nothing to do with it! But they can honestly, oh it's gonna raise so much money, which of course, they're not to be alive anyway! Because they give the little, they give the little slice a little piece, you know? And then it was brought to my attention, my girl, well there's a chance to be an OG to come to it, and I just put all four of my feet down, I said no chance, man, if OG is involved in any way shape or form of this thing, if you go into that, I won't have nothing to do with it! You understand? He's, oh yeah, okay, okay, master! Maybe say master! And I guess what low and behold, on the day of the golf tournament, we find out, who's there? Who has been flown in by this radio station, who paid for his expenses, traded out the air, fair whatever, and only did the slice of golf! Man, slice of! So I don't know how you want to word that, I've just put OG at the golf tournament! Put that on there, okay, please! And I'm going to say, again, I should assume for about 50 million right there, I could be sitting on the Alica pre-right now, eating some, uh, view of Parmesan and having a wonderful life! Man, oh man, that was so unconscionable and so typical! So typical of the kind of sports nerds that we see people think that when I'm not good sports nerds, they don't get it! They don't understand, they've never, most of you have never in your life encountered! The kind of lunacy that existed, WQM, you've never, you've not only didn't you meet it, these people, you never knew there were such people! I never did that existed before I came to this station! Sports? Yeah, I was in the middle of the hundred years before I came here, I thought I knew something about radio! We had mad dog at IOT, we had a couple hours of sports talk here, I mean, I'd say, stay, that's in to be enough! But no, this is taken into another level, another dimension! People who live, eat and breathe, that's all they know, even when they fart, it smells like something on a sport! God! Anyway, don't you mean we're gonna work up about that, just, uh, it's the mentality! They got OJ, I wonder if they still have those pictures, those posters of OJ and the orifices there, like the water and I see? You think you're still around? It's possible. We had to check that out, we had to sell one of our spies out to see if they can find some of them OJ posters around it building! Anyway, here's a fact from Ned, who says, if you see the latest issue of vanity, fear the one with David Beckerman, a cover to live not! It says, on a rigid part, though, it's complaining about central pay, she says, it's been taken over by... What? What is that word? I couldn't read it, even. By jobs? It's like Miami. What is YAH? OJ's an infectious, I have no idea what a YAH is, but then SANA, I don't, okay, if anybody knows what it is, some people like to have a good YAH, but I don't know what that is. So, we'll find out. Let's say, probably Mr. and the Russia of NewsLice League, but there was an actually reported, someone in Pakistan opposed to a newspaper in Offer of A. Report, to anyone who killed an American, any American. Oh, shut up, this is... Kaka. Wow, wow, wow. Is it a full loan or what? Good stuff is pouring in now. Here's another one that says, This surprised me, I saw her and I'm not letting it be, we go Cypher's Quick Station for a Lodderdale. It surprised me because the Rical didn't play the movie last week. The SunSemil is even less the time that it's playing, although they did less spider-man and movie did only came out yesterday and Furnit came out for the last Friday. So, all I haven't seen yet will need either look up Rical's website or call them for showtime, maybe they want to keep it a secret. Rical's Cypher's Quick Station, 954, 771-0033, there were 6415 or Fender's 704 Lodderdale. 771-0033. First of all, the Rical didn't have even signs that they're ticket boots to show that Furnit was playing, let loads of times for the film. Also, while the other films had to run signs of the theater rooms in which they were playing Furnit did not. Nevertheless, the theater had about 15 people in there, but anybody knew it was playing there, that had been a lot of people who had been packed. The movie was great to be seen by every voter to show that my Bush did not be allowed to steal another election. I can't wait for Furnit's DVD releases of Fember. Thank you, New York, for keeping up stuff today in the film and basically telling us Michael Moore. Yeah, everything he did, a lot of people were talking about in the movie. That's what I felt. I'd love to stop a lot of those bedtime stories I read and a lot of information I've been trying to pass along. But then again, I'm reaching how many people? I've turned in the end. I'm reaching a few more people than I am. So I go and keep going, Pat Boy. I really like our chat friends. If they don't stop showing us out of my screen crap, I'm going to turn on the comedy channel. I can't stand it no more. I'm going to turn on least TV and it's how pissed off I am. Anything besides this crap? It's much of a 30 minute thing and I've been showing it over and over and over and over again. He said, And he did say one thing that a lot of people could agree with. He said, I'm not the one they ought to be after Bush is the criminal, which I think they may have a point. Of course, that we would kill anybody. You do not know. 567560. I came one of the smangler cup for Canada and Germany. Oh, yeah, let's put that on the rest of the day. What do you say? Spangler cup is on the spot. The smangler cup. WQA and hello. The up did I reach the wild card line? I got some update on this. Phil Henry being canceled. He's not being canceled. No, he's out of ten o'clock. I know. Isn't that outrageous? What do you mean by that? Well, because the guy is truly a right wing hit the crib. He claims to be a Democrat that he's been a vote for Bush. Yeah. Can he even admit that he's a right wing Republican? He's a total sellout as what he is. Oh, I think he really believes what he says. No, I don't think so. I think he just, he just go with the flow. Wow. Yeah. Which is even worse. Yeah. So that means that now we got a listen to him. He's on six days a week ago. No, I don't think we have to listen to him at all because I've managed to. Well, most of my life since we all left WD without almost ever hearing him anymore. So I don't think we have to listen to him at all. Yeah, you're right. You're right. Yeah. I know what that means. When you start saying we have to listen to him. Well, I'm sorry. I fall asleep to the radio usually coast to coast coast, which is so far out. You can fall asleep. Yeah. Now I've got this fashion coming on a 10 o'clock and I got a fall asleep to, to I don't know, music or sleeping pills. I think music would be a, you get some of those records they have with the nice sounds of the waterfalls. You know, or maybe get that John Kerry sleep machine might do it. Okay. Okay. I'm going to vote for cherry anyway. Anything but Bush. There you go. Thanks. Sometimes. See, I am always nervous when people, oh, well, we got to listen to it. Yeah. Oh, you don't have to listen to anything. Nobody yet is standing holding a gun to your head saying you must listen to this. Now that may happen to put kids in again. You will listen to the rls. We have bays. But not yet. Join W2M in a Marlins that I did. David Buschews, I've shared an eye 95 stuff. I've got prizes from Billy to Marlin and the Mermaid. How do you remember that song? Topsticals and I suppose by the Mermaid? Yeah, sure. I could have said anything and you say, yeah, should you don't remember that song? I have no idea what that song is. Because George didn't even judge, of course, would know that before he was born. It's a Marlin's watch party starting at 7.9 a day. The busters in Hollywood. Everybody bring their own watch. And don't forget to be able to watch as well. The calendar date that has since 31st days, and he changed it over the first. Why do they do that? Don't they have watches that have like automatic, uh, no wood, but month it is? That'll be too easy. Yeah, you know what I'm talking about, don't you? My watch has this already first. The chronograph. Well, I already switched my over to the first. I've got a pretty expensive watch here. It's a one-loose, what do you call them? Rolex? No, no, yeah, Rolex. No, it's a sacal, but it's one of those chronograph, uh, not chronograph. What are those that you never have to wind in a marines? So what do they call these? Can you take it off as like stop, like when it's off your hand? No. Yeah. Yeah, if you ever take it off, it just comes to a dead stop. Yeah, if you start with a little bit of a kinetic, that's what they call. Some people are frenetic, my watch is kinetic. All right. You know what kinetic watch? Well, that's how you're learning to have a lot on this show. I heard no company this morning about, uh, well, what are you, uh, what's different about being out of Joe Rochole and being out with Nebula? But what is he talking about? Whatever passes time for him. Yeah. Oh, kind of like us. 1558 at 560, that would be good. If you're sick and tired of your PC being attacked by browser pop-up windows and being watched by spyware and getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and coworkers, the easiest way to deal with these bugs is get you a macintosh from the Maccenter, the Apple Specialist and for Loverdale. The Macintosh is built on an entirely different based in Windows, so all those PC tests just can't hurt the Mac. The technology experts at Maccenter can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac with thousands of programs available, including once you're already used to and like like Microsoft Word and Excel, they'll even take your old computer is iterating. So make the change today by calling the Macceper at 954-48655. You won't get a better deal on your Maccarrot pod any place else in town because the Maccenter is sum of the 5% rebate on every purchase. Be sure mentioned in Nebula sent you by for extra savings too, and the Maccenter on commercial bull of our column at 954-48655. And you're all 164 for your PC. Oh, man. Draw a under text statement. Hey, who was that that interview dude? He got you work. It was kidding me. He wasn't that bad. Go fucking self. Who's that new feather in town? Shoot in a curse. It made a stick chain. Well, worse. By a prevalent way of hats and f***s, fear of actin. That's why they call them dead wood dip. I can get out of my pocket. That's your turn based in the C-Series, the Maccales gear off. Yeah, go fucking self. That's telling them dead wood dip. That's right, right. That was a major league. I don't normally express myself that way. It's a level of 2-560W firm. Here's the schedule that it looks almost pristine on it or not. It's not. The Hebrew hammering with us today. He's on his way of biggest event. That's right. We got command of it too. Any K. We'll be punching his guts up between the two. Then we got Marlins on deck 7 o'clock. And I'm Marlins after braves to try to return for last night's embarrassing loss. 735 and Curtis Stevenson is on in a case body following the bouncing balls. We got balls in here bouncing over. There was Sodom again on CNN. In this case you missed it the first 6000 times. That was Sodom. It looked a little like Caster with a darker beard. Let's see. You know, it's fine all the night. Things you're saying about Mo and the fact that you're sucking up to him again. You just can't kick him off the hook. I don't think even for a time say. Because I'm a pole. What he says, what do you think? W.M. General Manager Greg Reed's mug. Biggest bonehead movement. It passed 70 years. We got 373 votes. Less than an hour. Holy crap, Batman. Man. See, anytime we do this kind of a pole. We're going to give much chance to spot off about the station or about radio. Which is great. Because it's really only think keep a radio alive. That's right. And of course Howard. You know, which Howard I'm probably not. Absolutely not you. A hiring more Howard David at 86. Although it's fairly far. He didn't still be beaten with a whip. A break it up the first thing 78. Fire he's got for RL 73. We're pissed off about the one for RL back. See, if he hurt my throat so much, I would do this show in advisory. I'll give me other day. Four hours of it. Yeah. That's what I mean. I told George when he feels in it because he doesn't very good for RL. He doesn't. He does a great. But it just tears your guts out. You could probably do it with that grass be voice you got. What you mean? No, like I said. I'm a hiring scottent terrible. For RL 75, not firing George Rodriguez 35. We see the green drop up. He got three big categories there. And everybody else so far, small faders. Not firing George 35. Keep in go the army on your 34. OG at the golf here. Majest one on her. So I already got 20. Nice gone folks. I hope you appreciate it. I understand how pissed off and fired up anybody associated with the show was. And rightfully so. Should have sued their fat ass. Greg, it's a lawsuit. It's a suit. You should have seen that table. He was just throwing it to mom. It's a suit, Greg. Yeah, it's a burst brothers. firing scott for RL 60. Using Josie is a thrilling 10. Oh, brother. Just a guy can stop. So, Greg. I mean, he arrived here as nine. And again, keep in mind those are people who are listening to the show, which I find most amusing. Putting on the crow nine. I'm trying to put the crow. Putting the big O on the air. Oh, he. And putting on a morning crew through three out of almost 400 votes already. I want to ask you a question about. And I asked George this and I thought he would be able to answer me. But can't know where we think, right? Right. About CD cleaners. Because every once in a while, your CD player will certainly see these here. Are starting to like every once in a great while. Will I skip a little bit? Yep. You had that problem ever? I have. I'm not talking about a dirty CD. I know what that's all about. You have to clean this. I'm talking about a disc that's clean as babies asked. And the CDers are working right. And once in a while. And so I asked George, is there like a thing you can get like, if you have a BCR? Anybody knows you get a cleaning tape, right? Yes. And I asked if there's the same thing for CD player. Anybody but a weak but a book in and no. There is one. Now where do I get it? I know the reason. I'm just going to say, I went, huh? Radio shackle. I will not go to radio shackle. I'm just absolutely happy. Huh? Any of those is what? Trying to places. Yeah. Best buy, sir. Get anywhere. You could buy a little CD cleaner. You just put it in there and let it play for like a minute or something like that. Right. Should clean it all up for you? Well, what does wrong with George? He's supposed to be the, the naven on those things. That's supposed to be his area of expertise. Just don't go if he was toast. Boy, all this week I'm going to go out and buy me a CD cleaner. And then these things are going to sound really great. They're going to sound really great. Because one thing we can't afford to have with any technical screw ups here, then the engineers from down there are going to want to come up here again. Like you'll try to come here a couple weeks ago. Forget about it. Fix it. You're a good guy but get lost. WQA and hello. Good morning, sir. When is this? Depending on the player brand, depending on how it's designed. That's those things will you work or they will not. The guys over there are right. You can go to the circuit city area in those places and get one of those. But if the lens and the thing is put back to far, those little brushes that they put on them just won't work. It's a matter of fact what they might do is scratch the lens on it. Really? Yeah. It really depends on the, I don't know if you have professionally equipment, consider. Oh yeah. If QA and bought it, I know what kind of equipment you have. Actually, the equipment here is very good down there. It's all bunch of crap. But here we have two, two, a dead in the city. Pretty good ones. The dead end they should work on. Okay. The dead end they should work just fine. But when you say brushes, I'm not sure understand because I think it's a disc you put in there. Yeah, it's a little, it's a disc like a city. You know, like a regular city, there's, right. But there's supposed to have like a little thing, like a little. Why? Why hanging off of it if I can say, still say that. Right. And that's what's supposed to spin around and then you know, go over the laser lens and clean the lens and all that good stuff. But I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure if you have any kind of problem with any equipment. I don't know how long you've had those. But that's two and a half years. That's, that's where you shouldn't, that shouldn't be having that kind of a problem. Really? Yeah. That's really, really quick, and you usually, I mean. Well, I mean, if I shouldn't, if you shouldn't have that kind of a problem, why do they make the cleaner in the first place? So I'm saying, well, I remember the, the audio industry makes all kinds of stuff that really you don't need. But, you know, somebody making some bucks out of it. Right. It's all fine. Anyways, I just wanted to let you know. I've seen Fahrenheit, 9.11. And I think my girlfriend, to see it this weekend again, actually I'm moving. People really should go to see that before or no number. Even. Excellent. I know. They got everything. They got a guy who knows which side is up and which side is down. And I've Josh has seen him moving in Zacacena, movie, and he's seen him moving in George. We don't know about George. And he, I'll give you any idea what he's going to be doing. Nope. And he go away this week or not. I know I asked him, but my Alzheimer's kitchen. I forgot if he actually went to North Carolina or went somewhere. I'm not sure. We don't know. You're shame if he actually didn't go away. And I called him and said, hey, George, you're supposed to work tomorrow. How would do that? WCW and hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. This is radio. This is radio. Yes. This is radio. That's pretty sad in it. Yes. Yes. Two things. I got a picker point. Okay. South Carolina, 575. Just south of our right-up parkway. There's about 30 FHPs with Camerdont. Sure, man. Right. Okay. It's getting everybody. Wow. Also. They're not too good today. Why don't you want your money? And. Click it or lick it. Also, software in 911. Right. And they go see it again. Also, I noticed last night on the Fox, not necessarily not the station. They're starting off about how. How much money is Michael Morgan to make on his movie in Arab countries? Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Oh, man. They failed to mention how much money no gets in me. It is being of Christ. Now, our dog don't forget, man. That was for the Lord. You better get your priority straight now. Have a great weekend, pal. You too. See. I'm ready. I mentioned that thing about a big report because I forgot to mention to the audience that those people who live out by me, they're on West Howard. Yep. Very familiar. Like I'm. Highly in this road between sunrise and Howard Boulevard. Between sunrise and. Wow. That's been for a long time. One of the top five. Can we. Speed perhaps in town. Yes, you're definitely right about that. Now they closed off because they don't know what to do. They don't want to scream or eat a banana because they've got two high-edits roses is now. They got old high-edits rose, which is then they got to new high-edits, which they've been building for about five years now and it's paved, but it don't go anywhere. They don't know what to do with it. I could tell them what to do with it. So they've got southbound high-edits there for when I'm told, blocked off. Yeah. So they got it. It's bad for business see for the porters and how what he's done. Oh. Is he set up shop on the corner of 118th and sunrise. So I'm just telling you to govern yourself accordingly because if you think that, you know, this guy is disappeared and taking up a new area. He just moved long block down the road. That's all. So he's just hiding. Like he always does. Yep. Well see and also part of the problem is somebody used to hide behind one of the trees there by the canal. The highest. Like somebody tapped the tree down or chopped the way down so he can't hide there no more. So just like the beeswreasy, he found another tree to hang out. Be quiet. Be quiet. Be quiet. Be quiet. Be quiet. Be quiet. Be quiet. Be quiet. Know that the Lord even loves you, Rogers. To be no longer proud to come to me. The blind doesn't see no good sense left. When we end up on the door, we just say, oh, come to me. I need a feeling that I want to understand. That no disobeyed to the shabby. That one has been changed. No doubt who ever laid. No big brother, no special offense, but people wanted to live on the West. When we're breaking up, no disrespect here. All across the US. In a distance, moving under his guidance, moving for cash and nothing ought to go away. That's all. It has been changed. No doubt who ever laid. No big brother, no disrespect, but people wanted to live on the West. Whether it's actually the five, six to every few am. Yeah, Mel Gibson, there's the real hero, man. Look out for him. They have a gun. A false terror warning. What is this all about? Todd says, a training general John Ashcroft issued a warning in my name. Wednesday that the terrorists behind the deadly assaults is a member of the third between 75 and 90% complete with their plan for a major attack against the West this year. You know from simple math, at 90% of 10 is 9 and 90% of 20 is 18. You know what 90% of any unknown number is? No, you can't establish a percentage unless you know the total is asked by the exact same jetting nose. The terrorist path? Good point. Sean and Miami says that I'd like to start a movement's put Ronald Reagan on the three dollar bill. Okay. Here's another paper. What the fainter? Oh yeah. There are no fainches up the ass here. Just unbelievable. What's this thing about build buckwheat? We just returned stepped out for the national review at the age of 178. Here's a long thing about marijuana. Today we have a legal marijuana for whoever wants it. I think that should be for whom ever wants it. A grammatical error by William F. Buckley, go he's subman. An estimated hundred million Americans have spoken to marijuana at least once. The great majority of the men in the two sector are few highs but to stop using it is not close off. It's available. The yati adi. We're not going to find someone running for a person who advocates before these laws. What is required is a genuine Republican groundswell. It is happening ever so gradually. Two of every five Americans are going to a 2003 zombie poll cited by Dr. Nadelman believes the government should treat marijuana more or less the same way it treats booze. It should regulate a controller tax. It makes it illegal only for children. Well, how do you like that build buckwheat? It says the ducks do it. They do odd things but here they teach us a lesson. Can you believe this from this right wing lunatic? I love it. Yeah, I bet you do. Oh yeah. Man, free you out weed for everybody says build buckwheat. Anyway. Got a unbelievable article here if I can find it because I was putting out a whole bunch of stuff. I was actually like fighting you during the break there. Now that was fighting the facts as you were sending, I'm like trying to put out a bunch of crap. So it all came out. Wait to hear this one. This will absolutely frost your fat ass. And that takes a lot of frost. A lot of frost. Carry cited in Catholic Harrisy case. Ha ha ha ha ha. This is the best. Do we have a lot of crazy people in the US or why? Wow. Talk about great read. A Catholic lawyer has filed Harrisy charges again Senator John Kerry with the art Sticy's Aboston accusing the Democratic presidential candidate of bringing the most serious scandal to the American public by receiving holy communes approach Roy Scatlik. And I'm sure of course he's the only one who does that. You do understand that. The 18 page document was sent to the arts dice he's doing for a team for released to the public only yesterday by Mark Bellostreary, a Los Angeles based canon lawyer and an assistant judge with the arts dicey of Los Angeles's tribunal and a ecclesiastical court. Whatever the hell that is. Harrisy is a public ecclesiastical crime, said Mr. Bellostreary 33, who's complained this post that had to scot a website. We're saying I'm not going to promote. It affects entire communities. It is one of the greatest sins you can commit. If the Boston arts dicey, which is accused in comment on the case decided to press seriously charges, the Massachusetts Senator could be discriminated. How do you like that? I think we did actually says in for this phrase you'll pass. I'm believable. My goal is his repentance. The charges did not take monetary damages. The charges did not take monetary damages. The charges did not take money. The record Arthur Escalage is taken a coordinator for the canon law society in Alexandria said a Catholic layman can legitimately bring a case against another layman and a church court. The charges are in church as a denunciation. Our Senator lay criminal complaint checker law. That's where we need to hear a QA and we need to be able to bring those denunciation charges, right? The denunciation. The charges must be filed in the dicey's were misdemeanorly. If the arts dicey is about to reject the case, Mr. Bellostreary can appeal it to the congregation for the document of faith headed by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger in a role month. Father Escalage said church officials not politicians are the ones usually a food to hear a seat, but this suit may change that. If this is if someone has lost the nuclear missile now, the priest said, I suspect there will be communication between the Boston arts dicey and the holy sea on this. See? A spokeswoman for Mr. Cariboufuse comment because the campaign had not seen the document. The TARDIS CONFERUAL. Mr. Bellostreary said he filed the heresy charge plus an additional complaint charging harm to himself as result of his precarious pronouncements on abortion and related issues because cannon law entitled Catholics to position of the faith on harm. The TARDIS CONFERUAL. By spreading her a cease-indangering not just mind, but every Catholic's possession of the faith he said. How do you like this for crap? I'm inviting all baptized Catholics who feel injured by a carried a join the suit as third parties. By reading the document on the website then saying a certified letter for agreement to the Boston arts dicey, people are saying you could be pro-chorus and a good Christian that is not contrary to whatever. So the faith is supported murder Mr. Bellostreary said, this is a life-threatening heresy he said. The TARDIS CONFERUAL. Bishop's event 31 years since the Supreme Court made abortion individual wife to do something on his matter, but they've done nothing. The TARDIS CONFERUAL. Maybe they were too busy molesting alter-boys. Charles M. Wilson directed the same Joseph Foundation San Antonio, which has filed numerous complaints in church courts across the country on behalf of Catholic Lady, doubts that the boss at our dicey will respond to the case. The TARDIS CONFERUAL. The week point of aid in unseation suit he said is that the bishop need not take action. Usually a bishop will first investigate the case the true one of the charges I've substance, Mr. Wilson said, our bishop's shall-emalibia boss in his under-know obligation to prosecute the case. Maybe they can take a digital bishop. The TARDIS CONFERUAL. The TARDIS CONFERUAL. The TARDIS CONFERUAL. The TARDIS CONFERUAL. The TARDIS CONFERUAL. Man, what I've said about the crazy religious man, these are the crazy people, the lunatics that dangerous people. All over the world, all of it, everywhere, every part of it. Anyway, here's what I want to say, put me down for 25 votes for how we know how we're doing. Who is still leading? Isn't pulled away, hasn't opened up tremendous business there? Also, how about the QAM auction? There is another good one, I like that. The QAM auction, got it, does Josh? Got it. What a scam, what a rip off a-is-is it over with because I heard that that's, it's done. Yeah, it's all done. It's better be done. And not only is that, for dinner auctioning off, oh, I spend a week at a mad dog's house, and go over and check hands with your old rows and talk to my these taking a dump, and I did just make an up-all kinds of crap. How much would you pay for that? Not much. Another choice should be putting ESPN radio on Sundays, having that, status-hold, then labastered on there. He is the worst host, and has an awful show. I was glad, co-text ripped from that QAM, where Joe rows just somebody this morning. I didn't look at it. I think he said something nice about you. Dini? Yeah, nothing bad. How do you like that? Well, Greg Co. takes his still a-spansel. Two questions for- I like that. Who is- Huh? Who is the biggest- Mowgildy or Dan L'Avanskin? What's somebody who's whipped up about that? Oh, here's the new WID line. I thank you so much. We'll mind promoting it because we're really blows. And we found out who Captain Brian is. Well, when it comes to radio, man, even though it isn't dinosaur, it used to be really great now, it's a piece of crap. We know it. We know our crap on his show. Captain Brian live 85 morning host, so another was used to be on it. Featured that they got in Palm Beach. If you'd want to scot Bill O'Reilly and once got that, I don't know what they got now. So, while we got the PD-Lany working and Bob Eisenberg and Tom Little Tom Denver, he's over there too. Live 85 morning host, Captain Brian Freeman arrived in South Florida four years ago. After spending 15 years in the greater Harrisburg Pennsylvania media. While, right, spent the last few years covering events for WSBNTV as well as CNN, ABC and CBS, prior to joining the live 85 news team, live 85. He was regular on radio with while 100 in WDAM ever heard of him. Captain Brian Freeman, maybe he's kindergarten Freeman. It's possible. As men, one of many awards, including the prestigious Miami Arrow Award. Wow, well, if that's the case, we've been missing out. If somebody would've just told me that. Here's the new WID line of beginning July 7th. Okay, for those who want to know, we're going to promote all the stations we don't care. 5-9-E-M, opposite Mo and Joe, Mo and Joe, and the other one. It's South Florida's first news with Captain Brian Freeman beginning, and I want to know what does that mean? With Paul Harvey at 5.58, I'm an A3-A-M, and Trump at 6.20 AM and A20 AM. All brother, Trump's. South Florida's first news. So in other words, it's a news show. Because I don't listen to them. Do you do? Because I know what's upon a 10-0, we're supposed to be a news show. A news station, when a switch, when a third channel bought from Jackson. Wines used to be the all-new station, as you know, we're talking night. And then WID was the talk station, with a real news department. Well, they come along and of course they have to switch it all back and forth. So WID was supposed to be the news station, which is not because they got a bunch of sort of syndicated tortures on their all-picton, and WI-N-Z is foxed for a 940 sports with their point-to-share. 9-1130 AM, on that's a nice time to blend back program, believe me, 2.5 hours is a 2 hours too much. 1130 noon, Paul Harvey? Good day. Paul just turned 140, 70 still in the basement in Chicago and can't get out. South Florida's midday report. Noon the three, you know what is, Phil Pop and Hivergritt. Three to six, you got Todd Smith, the Smith-Mister. We got our awful website by the terrible. Don't go to that website. I think he gives some kind of a virus from it. My computer was all screwed up after I looked at that website for the pictures of our friend what's your name? Deborah? Or teacher? Deborah. Deborah? Deborah Lefave? My reading teacher. Right. 6 to 7 pm, news after an end at looking at the day's top stories. Paul Harvey's, here is the rest of the story. It's 6 to 55. 7 to 10 pm, the show on how to make sure beginning July 5. Beginning Monday, I'll ride if you want to hear some real fascism. There it is. Phil Henry gets bumped up to 10 o'clock at night to one in the morning. Are you sure? Yeah. So that says right here because I know this must have come from PB Bullsure. And coast to coast with George Nuri, Nuri? One to five A.M. Is that the better replace the crazy art bell? I do not know. Josh? Yeah. You don't listen to art bell. He's out in his world, man. You better get one there. Oh, my God. I'm here. George, where you five six hundred. Who are you? Who are you? I'm here. I'm here. Who are you? Who are you? I'm here. I'm here. Welcome back to the How Frank and Joe. I'm a blogger for our guest this time. Do you have a blogger? A blogger? Yeah. And then I might do my sports. Smolly, good. Yeah. I have a blogger. I have a blogger. Yeah. I have a blogger. Yeah. There's this switch here. Okay. I have a blogger. Yeah. Hey, Amy. Did you have a blog? Yeah. blog? Yeah. Yeah. That's the plan. I saw it and get this. What else is new. Ah, get it new. Who is his question? With it or not, you'd be able to renew when you pray? It's more in other seasons. So I have a favor. Me never discovered. If there nothing was in feed and filion or a side. I'm just trying to get it. I'll look like a break. I have a break, which is amazing and it's dull. Is it? Is this a strong break or a blogger? Can you stay with us? Yes. Yes, if we live out, we need to play too much and we'll take the join in there. That's out. Oh, yeah. All right, so I'm a 32, 20, it's a little bit QAM. This facts here. This is, then we talk about this yesterday about how this movement actually is telling people to go to the movies and buy a ticket for white chicks or some other movie and sneak in to see Michael Moore. First of all, if it's so bad and so terrible and so full lives, why don't you want to see it anyway? Right? I don't understand that. Don't get it. Anyway, this is from Jorge, not our Jorge, but some mom maybe maybe it is. This is to shame that radio and sunflower destruction in some cases. Now, this is what really gets me because he's quoting Schmidt-Majs, who said this and from my student, he says, in some cases, this is like the woman that called before said, we have to listen. No, no, you don't. No, you don't. You don't have to listen to fill in with when you go to listen to the John Kerry, a news tape. He says, you have to listen to a lot of this stuff. You have no choice. If a listen to these shows, they're all the same. These guys can't come up with an original idea. Let's box news a rush from up until the conspiracy that the left has been conducted against their fearless leader. But they've never been guilty of such a thing themselves. Right? Anyway, see now, let's listen to you for about 11 years. Not since I was 16, you're investing on the air down here, take care. It says, Jorge. That's so, really good. That's why I hate, but we're like a half of stuff. I have to use usual, but thank you so much. Thanks for the memories. Here is the geek and Marge, it says. Now, this is, I don't get this at all. I realize, try to be helpful. It says, the CD cleaner is a fluid, usually a spray with a little free cloth. A CD player cleaner. Oh, yeah, no. I was talking about a CD collector, a CD player cleaner. Oh, geez. Consistent of a CD like this, with brushes and sometimes a wet cleaner. It cleans the CD player lanes and is rarely needed. The only time a CD player cleaner is useful is when you stick dirty CDs in your player. Otherwise, almost all skips are due to a defect in the CD itself. No. Because there are two machines here, and if, uh, let for example, I got one here today from Boca Brian, and I tried to place them on the bottom of the machine, it was like a skipper, and I put it on the top. No problem. Just fine. Right? So if there's a defect in the CD itself, how could that be, right? Yeah, I don't know what to geek a sound. He's in detail for, I don't even know what. Clean the offending CD with the offending CD, with a CD cleaner kit first before using the CD player cleaner. If your damage to CD lanes is nothing will play right. Well, it can't afford to do that. Because then I'll probably have to buy new equipment myself because you know these team, by the way, sure, as hell aren't. Hey, room, you're sitting right now with your fan as that. Look around you there. Most of the stuff that you see, other than the board. Other than the board and the CD decks, I pay for this, but everything. And that's thanks, machine there. Pop your mind. The computer. Monitor. The TV setup on a wall, they found a got that to replace the one that Jeff Cohen gave us, the TV, VCR. It was given to us the satellite, they said it doesn't work because they can't get direct TV on the go and write all of these things. Either I paid for myself or somebody gave us this right. They're refrigerated on the floor, which I'm sure you have your eye on. And my hands in. Give it to us at IOD. The microwave sitting on top of it. Same story. So it's kind of like do it yourself radio to them. Yeah, but we're paying them all that money. Whoever heard of such crap, right? Yeah. Whoever who would have it like to buy your own clan. And anyway, this pool is just foaming it the mouth. Unbelievable. What do you think Greg Reed, WCM General Manager's biggest bonehead move at last seven years has been? Five hundred nineteen votes in an hour, less than an hour and a half. They are pumped up and pissed off and fired up about this. Firing, how are they? Hundred-nate. You're in the lead, but not. But don't worry. Breaking up the first thing, nine be six and of course that's got a lot of host because there's so many other multi-problemy. Firing Scott for well 87. OJ at the golf tournament's movement up nicely, 58 into a solid fourth place. Not firing George Rodriguez 57. Keeping jelly on the years all the way up to forty. Oh, brother. Firing Scott for well 21. Using Joseph Gaffee's in 2016. They like you, Joey. We realize it's not business. Putting on a crow 12. He's moved to a head of me. How many of your Rogers did? Yeah, we want that midday sports back. We want those two points of that at a fox sports. You realize the only day part that they have any numbers in midday. They got fractions the rest of the day. And they have a two point. Oh, midday. You want them to why? Why? I don't think it's because Roe me is on. Is he that big of a draw? He's a big draw, but I don't know about that. I think it's because we're not doing sports and so the sports nerds. Talk about, it's like these people say, well, I have to listen to this. Why? I don't get it. All these things, but I'm in South Florida to why listen to the Schmidt-Minds. Do I listen to Rush? No, I listen to what I'm going to do. What do you want to do? How do you know? No. Oh, we have to listen to it. Anyway, putting on the crow 12, hiring New Rogers 10, bad mistake. Putting the big, oh, I'm here. 10, I'm tied with him. Same person, by the way. Putting on the morning crew three and the QM auction we just put on is got one. I'm sure there's plenty more that we missed. But we'll take some calls and you know what's how we're approaching new. Already? We haven't even broken a sweat yet here today. I did it. Did you? Well, that's when you're big and fat and huge. Now how's the food coming? Oh, we got how he's today. I thought they came in a morning. No, they came in just brought us some food for us. Oh, they came in special for you guys, huh? Yeah, good. We love how he's there. Great food. I'll never forgive them for the 85 pounds of bacon they brought in that thing. Just damn you're killing me. That's just about did me in. I'll never forget that, that was a great. I couldn't believe the package of bacon you got. And I ate it. I can't play anybody else for myself because only a cow, only a glutton, only a disgusting pig like me. Because you can't stop. You know, you're sitting there and bacon isn't like all that difficult. You know? And it's, you know, just have Sean on it and Sean on it and the bacon too. And before you know, I got about six pounds of bacon in my gut and man. You talk about leaky gut. Wow, wow, wow. The food was so good though, right? Huh? It was great, but oh, man, that leaky gut. 567, oh, 560, any other say didn't have emphasized gut as opposed to like saying. Black domes we couldn't have done that. Very good of you. That makes you a whole lot there online too. Market down for those of you who keep track of keep squandering me a short beating. WDQM, hello. Can I talk to me, please? Speaking yes. Hey, speaking. I got a suggestion for you, Paul. Okay. I'm pretty sure we're going to have another Thursday's attack before the election. I was just really wondering if it will help push or hurt push because I think comments sense was dictated with, you know, if it will help push or hurt push. I think comments sense was dictated with, hurt him but since when has that come into play over here. The comments sense, what are we going to find there? Get to church party. Exactly. And in closing, George is a self-hating speaker. Okay, thanks. See you. Okay. I said the suggestion for our pull. Then he was not allowed to place he test all the bases. Okay. Touch them all. It was a walk off home run. I don't think I'll ever recover from that. And of course, Dave Van Buren's got poor Johnston brainwashing and believe it. Now he doesn't say that, does he? No, him or Boo actually. I don't believe using it. Oh, thank God. I always liked that Dave Van Buren. And we love Boo. Boo is just Boo's great. Although I see, I'm glad I fell into this because it might be before when we played that last promo and I said, boy, that was boring. It isn't so much because Boo isn't boring. He's where it gets very excited. He's a great job. The tips that they use in a promo is it's like you're searching for the most bland, the most boring crap to play. And is that going to bring anybody out to the ballpark? No, of course not. You know? Walk off home run like this. Walk off this. Walk off this. Walk off this. We like that. We like that. We like that. We like that. So that's the good thing. Those you won't hear walk off home run on our Marlon broadcasts. You're on cue. Which must be why we had like an almost eight share at night during the Marlon game. So he liked that. That was pretty heavy duty. That's right. Unlike the Panthers, which have like a point. Nothing. At least one good thing is they ever do play hockey in the NHL. The Panthers play another game and tell these doing the radio. You don't have to worry about him offending anybody with a squeaky voice. It's right up to you listening anyway. 20 till noon is 5. 60 WQ and Toppo Dog Park is going to explode this Friday night as the race track gives off the July 4th weekend where they spectacular fireworks show after last live race. This Friday July 2nd, which sounds like tomorrow to me. It's a family fun night. So bring out the kids. There will be clowns, free face painting, live music, free miniature horse rides. All starting at 7pm. Look at the white baseball horse on here. A festival must be a little off his feet. H O U R S E. They must have done that cousin in Canada. They stuck at O in there. Like honor. H O N O U R. Labor. LA Wright. Our horse rides. We're going to do R S E. There'll be a special early post time to run at 7.05 pm because of the fireworks show. The firework show is set to take place at 10.30 tomorrow night. Poke room is open for noon and midnight. Just a half mile for both I and 95 in the turn. It's easy to get to Pompito Park in Bustival. They offer you every day. Free admission, free general parking. Live harness racing in Poke room is open every Friday and Saturday. Poke restarted noon goes on a midnight with 10. I think I said only moments ago in live racing gets in a way nightly. At 7.25 pm every Friday and Saturday. Pompito Park of course is also open every day. 7.9 days and nights a week. We're going to be in the best in Simon Krasing harness racing through a button. Highlight action from all across North America. Watch and plunge your guts on watch out for Mark Delquisto and Delkampo. A much out for Bobby Campbell, a professor. I think he's dead. Pompito Park, a block shot for the landing. Little bird on power line road called 9.54. 9.72.2000 for the current race schedule or check out our online Pompito Park.com. Don't forget a great farward show lots of basic action this week and a Pompito Park. My animal is 21.26. 21. We're 10 to 60 minutes and then rather seated across for me as America's tortoise second visited William Jefferson Clinton. He's just written his memoirs into the next town. I don't know the answer. Well, well, hold up there. Damn what the hell is going on here, Dan. Where is life install? This is a show. Yeah, we're icy. I specifically requested that I'll be interviewed by Leslie Stahl. Come on, quick play. This is you hide somewhere. Come on out, baby. Vils here. I believe, Leslie Stahl is on the same. Say what? I want Leslie Stahl. She's supposed to wear a sexy little skirt. That's skirt. Yeah, and they'll panty hose. I like that pair of legwood. Mr. Clinton, this is his town. He's not here. Damn. Well, is there any way I can get you to Wooder fam? She was fishing in there. Well, about Maria Bartiromo. Mr. Clinton, please. Follows on? No. So, with that a bribe? No. Carapostella? No. No. Chris, he was a legend? No. As the bay of field? No, can't do. Campbell Brown. Not gonna happen. What about that hot project from Foss News? Oh, you mean, Laura D. Yeah, her. Oh, man. I like the Lori Dover. Please. Mr. Clinton. Fine. You win. And, bad, you've finally come to your senses. She's just bringing me great events, husband, and a paper bag. Mr. President, that's enough. None of those women even worked for 60 minutes. No, right. All right. I'm no one. I'm beat. I guess I'll have to sell for a fifth project. Dangles and a into your room. The police have a 13-kil to a known bad news in Delorock. As former dictator Sodom was saying faces his countrymen in an Iraqi court. There was new violence today. Two separate bomb attacks. Kilfiberack is a variance in Baghdad. Another attack left a multinational soldier dead near Mojolby. Don't worry, he's from yet. But he's dead. More bad news, Delorock. Here's a fact that says, Hayne, your normal kid is also on live 85, or she calls it the nifty-eight-pifty, how sad. What a schmuck it says. He's on Saturdays, 10-to-nune just before D.P. or the poliman, and Dave Durgles Durgly. And that awful trivia show. Oh, man. It says, remember when that piece of schmuck was on QAM, it's still the same piece of schmuck. Although sweet jackasses do, it's made jokes in life like Hayne is, and D.P. still does his 21-liners. Oh, for D.P. for us. Although he was very popular, we don't pose on the audience to like D.P. or a lot. I'm not really sure why, but they like them. Like Zack, he likes corn, right? Of course. I mean, Paul can eat anything you can eat, does that, glycine? And Zack, I'm sure since you're the, I mean, Josh Stone over Machiave, right? You ever scotted a hockey game? Sure. Really? Pretty kick it's right? Yeah, they got nice bar in there. Okay. Big hockey news here at Toronto, eh? For our fourth maple leaf fans out there, there's going to be a scene. Think you're going to be a season? Oh, no. But anyway, Leafs signed June the Lundite Gary Roberts, Defenseman Aki Berg, and not too sure about their last one. And any of the big, or Edbel for a three year, $22 million contract. It'll be 175 by the time his contract expires, and the obeying here is the Hill probably expire before the contract. How do you like that? So we wrapped up any of the Beagle, Gary Roberts and Joe Lu and Dyke. But when I say Lu and Dyke, through the street, and I'm sure they're called Lu and Dyke. In fact, there's probably like a lot of Dyke's on it. A lot of Dyke's in Holland, you know, that? Really? Yeah. I like that. That's why Jena Reno likes standing up there. Oh, Riley's no spin control prompts guests to cry foul. I love this article so much I'm going to read it. Haven't you noticed I have a read these long articles here today, that I want to get you into a coma? Maybe that's why you're so quiet this week. Susan, after all of this reading all these bedtime stories? No. Yes. When you appear on Villa Riley's Fox News channel, show last week, Georgetown Law Professor David Cole was impressed that the hard charging host played as part of his opening commentary, a balanced soundbite from the chairman of 9-11 Commission. Cole was less impressed when an aggravated or Riley stopped to taping on the Oralian factor and killed the soundbite. And when Cole brought up the sense that it during the interview, he says, Oralian exploded, called it an SOB and it could never be invited back. Oralian says, a left wing academic is using a minor staff mistake to try to discredit the program, or try to be fair, he says. We're trying to give the other point of view, so people can see you as a strong argument. It's really depressing that the discourse is something to this level. What are Jackass? The heated words which were edited out of the program seen by viewers involved Oralian's criticism of the New York Times and its coverage of the controversy were over whether there were links between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda. And kicking off what he called no speed and coverage of the issue, or Riley began to show by saying that the Times and other newspapers have been under heavy fire for their misleading headlines basically saying there was no link between Iraq and Al Qaeda. As Cole listened from Washington, the program played a clip of Commission Chairman Thomas Caine saying, there was no evidence that we can find whatsoever that Iraq or Saddam Hussein participated in any way in tax on the United States and other words in 9.11. What we do say, however, is there work context between Iraq and Saddam Hussein excuse me, Al Qaeda. Oralian complained this one was the wrong sound bite, and retaping the commentary he'd be afraid he paraphrased when it came to points but not the other one. Governor Thomas Caine says definitely there was a connection between Saddam Al Qaeda and he's an ant-led investigative chief but that's not enough for the New York Times. I was sort of astonished he would do it so brazenly in front of guests as Cole and activist attorney who has challenged US APP and acted court. A rally calls it totally absurd the suggestion that he cut the sound bite because it didn't fit my thesis and produced very simply a select and a clip that wasn't right for the segment he says. Right. But Cole says here he has castigated in the New York Times from misleading its readers and he was misleading his viewers. I wish to show it been lied because it leveraged viewers to see what he was up to. But viewers saw was a lively debate among O'Reilly, Cole and Mark Jacobs in a higher state instructor who helped share the Pentagon's policy on quantum obey prisoners. The only clue that there was a blow off of the interview when Cole was asked to leave is that a rally didn't thank his guest ending the segment instead of a closing comment. We made it make mistakes because we bring in people who are trying to cause trouble he says of Cole, I thought he was a rational person. Cole was just getting started. He discussed him at around the era of America radio show commentators most of all, critic Al Franken. He also submitted an op-ed piece about the incident to several New York and organizations including the Washington Post and still hopes it'll be published. While we see this as a part of a pre-war organized campaign on the left-emmonitories television and radio shows, he said it in the appearance of the a rally fact last week by John Fadessta former chief of staff in the Clinton White House and not had the liberal thing called Center for American Progress. But as to complain that you compare Bill Lorses and Mao Zetong, you say that's a joke you compare Al Franken Joseph Gervels, you know? The Nazi propaganda, that was Michael Moore by the way, said a while, adding the sense comments were offensive to the article. I said that Michael Moore is a propaganda, this and so is Joseph Gervels, and I explained what propaganda is. It's a two-way street, a two-way street here, buddy, but he put us to set a one-point. You do all this all the time, you label people, you smear people. Or why do he also cite what he calls a false claim by more in publicizing his film for an 9-11 that a rally had banned him after a contentious interview, the host insists that's not the case in typical disability tractors. They're trying to say that we're liars as a rally if you can't beat him and they don't come any slime here, then Bill Lors rally, who's no factor in this market. None, it's the no factor. You guys have that point too though, the only two. I'm impressed. Very impressive. Here's the deal, what do you think of Greg Wee, Governor Kim's general manager, Biggest, Bowenhead move, and the last seven years we've got, I think we'll do a thousand to the day. 597 before we get to know we'll be over 600 vote. We might have a shot of a thousand, you think? Yeah, we will. Got a shot. Right, Jimmy, we got a shot. And then Jimmy ought to be tried, at least in the toe. What a jackass. There's another one. Got a who talked big, talked trash about four shoes, myster, the brainstem, on his ass can. And then came the South Florida talking all kinds of crap. We got a shot. We can't let them off easy, let them off the hook. How come they were just trashing and just brutally mercilessly? That's just I did who once did who deserves it, but I come Jimmy's Johnson didn't get like that. Because he's injured me Johnson. They'd like his hairdo was at it. I mean, because they remember all those great years with you of him. They remember that great festival in Arizona. Anyway, more Howard David, Harry and more Howard David, 120, six, they say, Greg's biggest phone head move, 120, six, but breaking up the first team, one, oh six, right on most ass. Fire in Scott for a while. Now let me ask you that. I haven't heard anybody mention recently. He's not still picking his ass in the station, is he? Who's up? No. I have nothing, no. Don't you remember those days? In fact, you were one. The one's who was bitterly complaining about. He was going to file a, is some kind of a lawsuit. Hey, if it was the first, the first, the first, the first, the second, the first, the second. There you go. Breaking up at first team, one, oh six. Fire in Scott for a while, 97. We want to back. O.J. at the Gaulterman's movement of tremendously, 71. That was, the low and underneath the Colony, that was disgusting. Not firing George Rubber, he's 65. They love picking on little George, especially when he's not here. Keep him galley on here, 44. Hey, hey, two. Hiring Scott for a 25, using Josie as a Phil in 20, putting on the crow 15, putting the big, oh, on here, 14. Hiring your Rogers 10, putting on the morning crew for an acute amalkin' three out of six, oh six. Six, oh six, not fan, we'll do it. Don't forget how our student comes to the buzz in Palm Beach. Let's promote the hell out of it, right? Let's promote all the other stations since we're doing so. Well, let's say spread the, spread the, uh, greatness around. Right? Spread the world. Spread the prosperity all around. About 85, we got the captain to Chuck E, or Brian, or whatever, hello, guys, name is in the morning. You got Sean Henny there, all you Nazis out there, and you're gonna attend a nice followed by Phil Henny. Are you sure? Other good Nazi? Totally sold out. Don't forget, look for the QM fan right now. Now how long is he gonna be there? It doesn't say. Forever. No. Look for the QM fan at the shelf station, just twice the money. 85 and certain street. I bet he is McGill out there with that thing or what? I'm not sure. I thought I saw McGill in here before. He was there earlier, but maybe he's there. Well, he had to go out there and see if he's there. He's out there, McGill is there, or he's waiting on you. Just twice the 95 and shirt in the street. And if they didn't even stop buying, see where we used to broadcast in the Packs and building. And you can also go to the Cox building and say goodbye to Cheryl, who's leaving WOD and Cox broadcasting. Stop buying, pick up a pair of tickets to see the Marlins in the Level Race tomorrow night. Free. Just stop buying, say, I'll take him. I want him. And. Join QM and Marlins. The David Buses off shirt in the street. 95, stop by for prizes from Billy to Marlins in the Mermaid. The Marlins watch party. Don't forget to tune your watch ahead of the first. That set in a clock tonight, David Buses in Hollywood. The WOD and Cox watch video 566 U-A-M. Coach Darwin's sure. And I say like Bob Holbone asks. And I want to tell you, it's the 12th or the one hour or whatever it is. Oh, that's funny. It's fun to hide a cold hands. I thought, but wasn't Ravens, even. I'm going to know how it ended in the shower. Didn't you guys want me to put it in my ass for ages? You know what? I don't even imagine I had a children in it. I want your take on J.P. J.P. My good joke. I like J.P. I really not imagine he's got extraordinarily smooth with boxes. Oh yeah! I'll be careful with you, say here. Thank you, ma'am. No, no, wait a minute. Don't go. I have nothing else to say. Oh, about this. I was the way the guy made in the mirror, ma'am. I'm the right guy in the street, some you. I have to go. I know, wait, by the way. No, no, I have to go. I told you what to do. I'll hold you open up right now. Help that, ma'am. I'll give you one of my old, uh, tentations. Just up. Wait, wait. It's not way true. That's what the only pola we have. The thing that I didn't know is knowing again. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I want proof for scab, Toloslyn and Bozą Caves. I love you. I love you. I have only one job. I know you're home. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I want to go. I can't get myself to. Yeah, I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. But. 🎵 garlic with rotten snow sticks, where the things were almost everyday. I did.. 🎵 them, am I misleading?centric察, I hear dude my idol Lord... why the fuck don't give me so much yeah Iumbnaight板 out all my sins hair cut off whole comf Ash norm Five years after lost history ...ins hydroj comen father .... Oh, you never in Harperıldı Roman Auburn note bear raising Listen, let me I got another one Huzzle another one for the pull What are you got leaving Sports on the year for an hour after the world trades at over tanks. Could you do a much more bonehead thing than that? No! What can we say about it? What can we all we know is sports? What can we say about us? What's his tax sports? We need in that little twerp and his boyfriends on here for an hour. Until finally, somebody, Muffer somebody, finally, contemplated and called for a psychiatric, got popped a few pills, and said, I guess we better put Neil on him to do something. I'd be like that. That could have been the lowest point in the history of this radio station at day, even lower than when the two live Jews on the station. What thought was there names that was the sunshine and wireless? Is that what you stole on this piece of crap? I believe so. Yeah, before beesweep bought a sunshine wireless. And they had a few music on, right? They had a country case. They were playing a country on FM and they were playing a song on a, and that was pretty bright. Sounds productive. Yeah. Firmite, now I love it to become first and forty documentary in China. Oh my God. Michael Morris, provocative anti-bush documentary, Firmite, now I love it as likely to become the first and forty documentary in China. Sources indicate that there's a strong possibility some of the violins seems will be cut, like that head that was cut, a chop chop square. If Firmite, now I love it as a screened in China. Not that Neil understands, not that they essential things. They're kind of like blockbuster. They just want you to see what they think you ought to be able to see and that's it. Same deal. And I know what the right wing is going to say. See, it's comedy think I'll probably get it even though your chains are going to be shown. That's what they're going to say. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Food from how is you already eating it in the background there or what? We're pretty much done. Yeah. I'll tell you one thing, Zack learned from me, man. Nobody can either gigantic Neil on the ear and without anybody knowing it like me. I mean, I could probably 6070 pounds of food nobody would even know it. Just a grilled chicken sandwich for me today. With a bread? With a yes on a hogey. Ah, on a hogey. Do you have any idea now, are you diabetic? I am not. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Would you better save with the taste of that button, Mr. OK? I'm trying. Better save with it. Roll your tongue around your butt, cusp it's a little bit if there are any like crumbs left in there. I'm sorry, gosh, we need to get my first. Because the taste coming, man, it's just a method. A question of if it's a question of when? I just, I don't want to like sound like the voice of dueling boom. It's a holiday weekend. I want everybody to be a great mood. But I'm just telling you right now is a fat-old diabetic myself. And they know fun, Mr. So what does that mean the bun for? What's your hobby? I just had a sandwich. Yeah. Well, how about a sandwich without the bread? We gotta learn how to do that. Wouldn't be a sandwich, son. Oh, yeah, oh, it's your wood. Like when you go to Wendy's and pack the lot of them when they will even do it for you. They just put the sandwich in the tin for them. They wrap the tin for a row without the bun. And you use the tin for as like a holder. Like in Germany when they get into the pot worse than those little tiny buzz. In fact, some places in Germany like in Berlin, they don't even get put it on the bun. They put the bun next to it. But what the Germans do is eat a piece of the bread. Then they take a piece of the meat and they get like the, you see what I'm saying? Yeah. They shrewd in the mustard and that's it. So if you're a fat diabetic like me, just throw the bun away. You just eat that nice meat. It could brought worse. And that's what you ought to be thinking about. Right now, say goodbye to bread. Bread sucks. Who the hell cares about bread, right? Yeah. Although I didn't have dinner last night at the fine tag. Your restaurant and I didn't have two slices of bread with butter. It's pretty good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pause. 6, 6, 10. Just remember, okay, Zacto, don't do as I do. Do as I say. Keep in mind. Right? I'm taking it. Like the bush, myster would say. Don't do as we do. The Nazi bun just do as we say. Or else. WDQA and hello. In your Hawaii. Pretty good. Well real quick. I love bread. But anyway. I saw a stuffed bear in Hawaii twice. And I wanted to say, I can wish, I didn't get to it when the food in your bowl came out. But I just was kind of shocked. It looked at the bowl and she did it on the yellow cake on the movie. Over half of the people that were spawned to your bowl had not seen it yet. I just thought it was kind of shocking for your audience. Yeah, but that was Monday. I mean, it was only out two days or two or three days. It's up in from Monday. Well, you know, but I went. When I went on a Sunday afternoon in dead community retirement camera, every show was sold out on a Sunday. Yeah. And I'm very clocked at 4.5 o'clock. I'm saying, I think you make a good point. I think we'll repeat that full tomorrow. Because I'm looking for easiest policy get in this week. We'll do it again tomorrow because now they've had a whole week to digest it and see it in whatever. And we'll put a few other choices on there. But we'll do it again tomorrow. Yeah. You know, another thing is, you know, as the watch movie. I'm not a perp. I don't see it. It's going to be like, you know, when you shut the lady who lost her something so bad. Yeah, first of all, watching all of my biscuit mulled the top. And I thought about it. This woman called Michael Moore. This woman obviously got a scene. It's movie before. This woman wanted a country to see agreement toward the government, toward the military action. And so I just thought about it. I always thought of it. It's often a little biased to the globe. Yeah, you know what? It was. It reinforced the question. What the hell are we doing there? And our own government, our own inquiries, our own judicial boards. Our own investigation. There are three commentators. No link. And we're still there. I don't know. You know, there's a lot of similarities, right? And why the hell are we school teenage percent of 48 percent on this election right now? On the polls? I don't class. I get so far. I get this. Yeah. I don't care. Wait till carry wakes up man. And then you're going to size a maximum. I eat. He sure is out better. Neil. Keep on talking. Love you man. Thanks a lot, pal. But I do like as a good onion rule. I mean, I see. I try to convince myself that I don't like bread. I'm not crazy about bread. Like in fats of it says you love bread. I like bread, but you love bread. Remember that scene you didn't see for yourself. I love bread. Do you like your nice and garlic bread? Oh yeah. I love garlic bread. And I like black bread. Right? Right bread? White bread? No, no. White bread is poism. Now if you're eating white bread, if that case, I'm going to get pissed off. Don't. I mean, we don't think a wonder bread will pay us seven different ways. That is garbage. It's nothing but sugar. It's like sugar water. White flour, man. It's all it is. Just crap. And initially, which if you dive into it, if you can actually eat a little bit of a red or black bread, because the dark bread isn't like it. It doesn't say your blood sugar is soaring the way that the other things like that. Hope you roll it to weight. Man, your blood sugar right now is probably about 545. Probably why I'm twitching right now. Yeah, that's why his body is twitching. Time like P.L.R. on passions. He's twitching. adesso he was right away. Poor P.L.R.R.R.R.R." She's the one that keeps praying all the time. And then other bad things seem to happen to her. I wonder if there's a message in that. You don't watch passions, though, because it's you too much over guy. Just like the single you don't play slot machines. So you win the money at $2 million in Vegas like that guy did. And the real fortune. I'll play slots if it makes me hate it. So that's the real but only about, I mean, you guys are so easy. You know, it's a real man play crap. Real man play black Jack. We all men go to the sports pool. So there got to go. I mean, I've done all of those things. But if I'm going to go in through my money way, I'm going to go doing it and do what I enjoy doing it, right? Absolutely. So if you go to a restaurant, I say, oh, a little best thing on a menu here is whatever is choice A, new one, I don't like choice. I'd like choice C, and maybe I'm one of the 10th-wish of the people coming to your life, then what do I care? Like those people that like the people who give me crap about my taste and music, so I'm an old-footed, any fart. But that's the music I like. I've got a pretty good taste of music for an old fart, not for a young punk. Just like when I hear it in a rap crap on a rejoins there and in Joe is going, oh, hey, yeah, all you guys do is secretly like, oh, no, I don't like it. I don't know anybody who wants to hear vanilla ice ever again. I like a little vanilla ice. I like those of tiny ice, it's pretty good on a hot day. Ooh, yeah. Cool off. Right? Cherry. If we're going to grow on it, do you like vanilla ice? Absolutely. Get outta here. Crazy. Crazy person. That's music? Yeah. Swill. Anyway, what have I felt my rambling about? I'm so good timing, although to them, really proud of it. The WhiteHouse.com pornography website, which took fun at its government namesake with Purity sections about first ladies and interns, has been stripped of all political references. How do you like that? Oh, my God. It's all a Dan Parisi. I wonder if he's really the JP Parisi used to be a big-and-an HL? Could be. Dan Parisi. Do you remember JP Parisi? Sure. You don't know Ed Bell for you. You don't know Joe Nguyen-Dike. You don't know from Gary Roberts? I know the first two. Do you? Yeah. No one's like, yeah. Any Bell for you? You don't know Gary Roberts? Gary Roberts. I do not know. Number seven? Oh, that Gary. Toronto make believes? No. For petually injured, just like Joe Nguyen-Dike? Just like Owen Nolan? For petually injured? Owen Nolan? That's, you don't know Owen Nolan, number 11? Make believes? Formerly San Jose Sharks? That's right. That's right. That's right. Let's do some hockey talk. It's owner Dan Parisi of New York and we did the changes to comply with the wish of winning by the West Patent and trademark office, Randy his website. A potential phrase. See what I'm trying to do is I realized the summer schedule starts on Monday. So I've only gotten now less than six hours left before I go to that almost being invisible kind of mode. And I'm sure they are going to put the summer schedule on there. If and when he ever gets around what, when he gets some of the speedings, right? Sometimes. Right. And otherwise I have a lot of talking to do between now and, to the end of the show tomorrow because then it's like, bye-bye for a while. I mean, you know, Tuesday and Thursday I show up and do the show a couple days week, but that's almost like not even being around, right? Absolutely. I think you should grab line six. Listen, you know, I said, let's say it's been on hold for over two hours now. What do you mean spin on a hold? Or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, somebody Q I am? I do a Neil. Pretty good. Even call for two hours? Yeah. Well, I came up with the polls. I wanted to put my suggestion. Oh, well, thank you again. You're right. Good. This is, that must be psychic. Yeah. The whole John Mark Fiasco. John Mark. John Mark. Blond John. Fire and Joe and Mark. Excellent choice. Okay. Again, for this is a fabulous pool. Okay. How the question about how to turn. What's the, what's the stuff to sky? What are got, uh, where we're five to complain with the SEC from doing it again? Absolutely nothing. Okay. Even though even though he may not live in Palm Beach County, which we know he doesn't. He can always sit around in, you know, hotel room and poker or whatever or in his car. And make tapes and take note because that's the kind of crap that these people do. So good luck to them. I'll give you a minute. Okay. Thank you. Thanks, pal. Great pool. Fire and Joe and Mark. You got him. I've got a friend Joe Costello and a very good guy. Mark, I've got some good guy. Good guy who just don't belong on the end. And we'll go to the doctor. Oh, yeah. Did you know a word from Howard Beings' wife? Hi, tell her. I'm Dr. Dullish Steinberg. Why, but presidential candidates are being, you can call me Judy. Not judge Judy, that's a different research. People want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard. Okay. Did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I scared a crap out of myself. I may throw up that bitch and I look like a Shayna Pooner. Stop me if I'm blinding you with Pooner here, they say. Anyway, how he says after I show that he's number's drop it. No, I say that's a bunch of mission guys. For those of you who don't think a piece of you, it is that means crap. How he think good guy? Though he's watching my call and loose cannon. He's got a pretty bad temper on him. I remember one time on the right kids. We have to cap off of the toothpaste. I thought he was there blind gasp. The veins popped out in his head and that light spit strings were born in the chorus of his mouth. Even with sugar, I spent 23 years with this Shayna. Both of the time is a range. But on occasion, I hate him. I think my husband, Howard, would make for a very good president. One of the things I'm a little peeled about is that Howard doesn't let us have a TV. I've got a lot of eye protection in the city. I got a shot down to campaign headquarters. What are the co-workers to watch on some tiny black and white sets? I have never seen any program in color. So I'm not Jackie Kennedy. Well, if you look at me, I'm not Ted Kennedy. I don't want to make up. I'm like a whisker away from being a mish. Don't expect too much more of me doing the campaign. The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my rich price. Anyway, because that doesn't, that's yet to be a disordered judge. I'm going to talk about it. I'm going to talk about the committee to a leg term carry president. Probably 18 at five, 16. Nobody killed. That was one of the best things that he did. I'll tell you that right now. What's that? Is sponsored at an end? What's we saw Dr. Judy Dean? That was it was not to make you scream. Howard Dean, the former Democratic presidential hope for the attract allegiance of liberal followers before his bid for the loud. Well, the very independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader for 90 minutes to line 90 for a studio audience. I can't wait to see that. Let's see July 9th is what? We can tomorrow, right? Yes, next Friday. National Tumic Radio is weekly program justice talking. It's sponsoring the debate and Chris Fund and Marco Adler. Well, Madway, one of which is Kim DiMardi Ever at Windsor Raceway. Dean has been urging his supporters not to back later, but to stay within the Democratic Fool and vote for Senator John Kerry. Massachusetts. Yeah. If you ever wake up. I'm anxious to debate Ralph Nader in order to speak about why he wants to run for president Dean's in the statement. This is the most important election in my lifetime. And a third party candidate could make a difference. This November and for years to come. And I need to impress the course blame leader for outwards 2000 the feet. We don't want to blame due labormen. We don't want to blame due abortion cats or inheritance. And to resell a poor and pet Buchanan. It's a lot easier to blame Ralph Nader, which he's got to be part. And you idiot said voted for Nader. Same on you. You maniac. You lunatics. God. You know something most people have voted for Nader in Florida in 2008. Where else in the country, but especially Florida? They have blood on their hand. This is an opportunity to discuss how to reinvigorate our democracy by providing voters with more choices and voices rather than our anemic to- party corporate to-opily, Nader said in the statement. And speak in a later. Same. Get a little bit newsy now. Yes, sure. Wow, that's okay. We've built a lot of long enough. Now it's time to save the world. Let's do it. Emplaced by two conservative groups to our president and bush by getting into kind of presidential candidate Ralph Nader on a ballot and a key battleground state Oregon. Prompted a complaint that he said relations to Michigan yesterday by a liberal watchdog group. Oh, right. Citizens for responsibility and ethics in Washington crew. Said phone banks encouraging bush supporters to attend an need to nominate convention last Saturday, Amanda Dvane legal in-con-con-revisioned the leader campaign by the Oregon Family Council, Code for right wing Nazis, and Oregon citizens for a Saudi economy. Bush's reelection campaign in the Oregon Republic and party were also named in the complaint for allegedly participating in the effort. The complaint alleges the groups work together to promote NATO and second potential votes away from Senator John Kerry. Melody Sloan executive director of crews said the two groups still non-profit are still considered corporations and corporations are strictly prohibited for making contributions to a political campaign. Let me see it again. Corporations are strictly prohibited for making contribution to a political campaign. No say permission at key. Got it? Yep. Now you speak to the Spanish, don't you? Sure, I do. While the Bush campaign had no immediate comment, NATO spokesman Kevin Zeiss called the allegations absolute nonsense. He said Zeiss is a bunch of crap. We didn't work with any Republican groups or any corporations or non-profits trying to get these people to come to our Ben Zeiss. We reached out to our constituents and seen get our people out of the Senate. To get on the ballot, the NATO campaign has to get the signatures of a thousand registered voters in one day, or submit 15,000 signatures to a state while it on Saturday, NATO supporters held a convention in Portland to try to get to necessary signatures while more than 1,000, a lot of under people attended the signature and a disturbing verifies us unclear if the effort was successful. I hope that Howard Dean hears him in ass. Next Friday. What'd that be great? That'd be nice. Howard Dean, and of course now he's got nothing to lose so he could just go nuts. We're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona. I know it's a go now and you guys should go. We're going to California and Texas and New York. We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan. And then we're going to Washington and Houston and take the water out. Yeah! Yeah! What's not to like, right? I did do the break-ups in that 10 after 9. You did. Oh. Boy, I must be losing. I didn't cross it out. I get really panicky, but I don't cross it out. I think Jesus will get way behind that. Of course, if we get way behind that, it's good because let me do like two breaks back to back. All right. Church goes get direction from the bush campaign. Oh! Oh! The bush chain will be a Russian campaign that says a detailed amount of extra religious volunteers across the country asking them to turn over church directories to the campaign. They're stupid. Issue guys and their churches and persuade their pastors to hold voter registration drives. I'd like that. Oh, my God. Camping officials said the instructions are part of an accelerating effort to mobilize President Bush's base of religious nut supporters. They said the suggestion activities are intended to help church goers rally support for bush without violating tax rules that prohibit churches from engaging in partisan activity. Oh, they wouldn't do that today. No. Pat Robertson wouldn't be doing that. Jerry Falwell wouldn't be doing that. Jimmy Swagger wouldn't be doing that. Jimmy Tammy, if they wouldn't do that back in a day. Right? No. And of course, don't forget Paul and Jan Kroch. We strongly believe that our religious outreach program is well within the framework of law-synth theory, holds closely to the Bush-Chainee campaign. But tax experts say the campaign is walking a fine line. Here we go again. These are the people that brought more L.O.V. nothings back to Washington. A fine line between permissible activity, bind video congregants, and in permissible activity by congregations. Supportors of John Kerry. They always say the presumptive democratic nominee. What kind of crap? Charged that the Bush-Chainee campaign is luring churches and erisking their tax status. I think it is sinful of them to encourage pastors and churches to engage in partisan public activity and run the risk of losing their taxes instead of saying, Steve Rosenthall sounds like a yiddime. Chief executive officer of America coming together, a group working to feed Bush. Steve Rosenthall got it. A lot of peace kingdom, micro-synthall. Oh, it's on the stake. You may be going to stake the hurricane. You may have to afford it to use it. You may be going to stake. Good, no micro-synthall, do you? I know. Well, if you talk to the beast, he'll help you in. He'll forgive all the details on micro-synthall. You probably know J.R.R.Keech, though. There you go. They both just turned 80 and they're still doing their thing. Rosen is still out there keeping scored all the hurricane games. And J.R.R.Keech is still doing his PA there. Oh, brother. And that's something? I love it. Of course, I guess if you were the heir to the Roqueos pickle, it's fortunate, you wouldn't have to worry about it either. He's part of that family. Do you know that? I did not. Well, you had Roqueach pickles, haven't you? I don't think maybe. Get out of here. When you go to the supermarket, you've been in public. You've been in Windixia. I hope not. You've been in public, like I said. So I've had your place. And you go, no, no, no, no, no. Aren't you into pickles? Be careful now. I do, I do like pickles. Who sure, who don't like a little pickle? Even Josh, you even enjoyed like him, like pickles, right? Yeah. Sure. What's not to like? And if you look, R.O.K.E.A.C.H. is a very popular brand of pickles. And that's where J.R.Keech says his family. CC Lens, something I'll write today. Who said that you hammered on his show? Tell that mob after you're a dude. A very educational show. It is a very educational show. We learned all kinds of crap today. I learned how to clean my CD player. And you're sexy. Right. And Carl's auto cleanest CD. That was scary. I mean, I may be a little bit slow, but Jesus got all my. Prescription Rugmakers, R.O.K.E.A.C.H.A.C.H.A. As if we don't know. Let's know. Drugmakers, race prescription prices, by nearly triple the rate of inflation in the first day months of this year. Just before Medicare began its pharmacy discount card program, negating much of the savings the government promised the seniors, according to an A.A.R.P. survey released yesterday. How do you like to old bait and swish? It's kind of like those like the betting thing we talk about in the dial and address spot. You know, the double the price in these A were given you 50% off. What a deal. Prices rose by 3.4% among the top 200 named brand. Drugmaker on inflation general was only 1.2% in the first quarter. It tracked the prices pharmaceutical companies charged rug hole sellers. Most of the top 10 selling drugs increased more than the average led by bristled virus whips, sladdets, which I take. All my god, how do you like that? They just go and after me. First it was Howard Cern, how it's me. That's what they're doing. Prices of the blood to the rate and it's already expensive as hell. The price of the blood to the rate increased by 7.9% to 35% in member A.A.R.P. said, how am I going to afford to keep my blood thin if they keep boosting it? Merkin company raised the price of phosomax for osteoporosis by almost 5% while the most popular forms of cellarbrex of pain reliever and cholesterol reducing lipid to are both made by Pfizer increased by 5% and 4.6% respectively. Manufacturers are offsetting discounts with prices that are higher than the otherwise would have been John Rother, A.A.R.P. policy to represent at a new conference. In other words, they rip it off your ass. They give you a big song to them to big promise, oh we're going to give you this song, chargatiat and then they boost it up and then you get to this console's artifact where it was in the first place and they build a bit higher. Just to make sure. How's our pull coming out? I'm under dual marker, give me a more traction on here, you think? Probably not. Right now, what do you say there? I could just say it's almost like old news to a point here, don't I, to the listeners? Well, the O.J. Golf Tourist wasn't old news? Well, that's, you're real fired up about that. I mean, how are they related? Or do they do they do they do they? Isn't old news? I mean, you can get much older than them. That's amazing things that I'm a year older than here, isn't yet. Somehow, I even, I look at him as a stud you'll fired. I don't understand that. Well, maybe it's because he's a stud you'll fired with a bad hairpiece. Anyway, the more, the more, how are they? Firing a more, how are they, but 147. It can't touch you, Moll. Break it up the first team, once, 21. Firing is stuck for around one or six. O.J. It's a golf performance moving up past 92. We hate you for that, Greg. You and screw in and that bitch the water, Nasi. We hate all three, okay? We hope that somebody's closing your sushi. Release peace on it. Not firing George Rubik is 76. Keeping guilty on here. Fifty. He's slowly, but surely climbing that ladder to despair. High wing Scott for around 26. Use and Joe's a Gekkie is a full and 23. Putting the big, oh, on a year, 22. Putting the crow on a year 18. Talking, I was taking, what is it? Talking sports on the air for now, after 9.11. 60. That's going to move up big. Hiring the arosers 13. I got lucky 13, like Matt Sandin and Damarino. Putting the crow on a year five. The QM auction tree in Port Joemark, only got three, fire in Joemark. Come on, my husband. Whoa! This is so true. Five, six. You and I. Oh, man. Yeah. I might call for food to spell. Ah! I think it's not the biggest world. Ah! I think it's not the biggest world. Ah! Oh, what is this? She's slid on me, shalls, that's my fault. Oh, what is this? It's crazy, but has gone to far. Deep drives off that man from Port Joemark. He has sex with a human cigar. Oh, great work. That's my goal. Jackson. The King of the Great Land. The King of the Great Land. We're so far, Jesus. We're not there to be afraid. I can't keep it up on rip and to be a true great train. But without the West, we are not there for no. Though we could leave. Oh, we might not be safe. The show will not take a moment. Though we are fairly safe. And I can't get out of there. We're not there. Well, I don't think we're going to do that for a night and night and I'm loving full. I just was inspired by the St. Massohn TV. Okay. It was an ant for one of those compilation CDs, music CDs. And Brian Wilson was on it. They showed a clip of Brian and Carl Wilson. You'll be quick. And Carl Wilson's the dead beach boy, or one of them anyway. And I was thinking, who's the most dead or alive tragic celebrity of all time? Because Brian Wilson and me, I mean, even with all his success and all his brilliance and writing all about music and making music and the lesson while touring when he wasn't in bed with his teddy bear, tragic. And then, of course, his relationship with Connie Wilson and she ballooned up to even bigger than Zack, which I say a lot. But as a result of his tell me last week, she's ballooning up again. She's pulling the giant treatment. She lost all of that weight. I didn't, didn't she also, because I saw her on biography a couple of weeks ago, she didn't, she knew the life postruction or I don't know. She did the stomach staples. Yeah, she lost all of that weight. Oh my god, a thousand pounds. About 30,000 pounds. And now, after looking really slim and trim, the rubur I'm hearing as she's like, oh, broken up again. She found the fridge. Just like Sarah in the microwave, she found the key to the fridge. I'm moving so damn, right? Oh, that movie scares me so much. And why is that? To the ending of that movie. Oh, yeah. Using three, yeah. Yeah. And Miguel said, he didn't like it. I was also, I hope, one dimension lead is, I mean, because the doubt wasn't in it. And we know Cubans are this. Probably a few weekends in the background, we're getting some of them drug deals. The one in the movie called the music is pretty cool. The movie was great. The ending was just the, I couldn't, I could not believe it. Yeah, I really couldn't. It was just like, thinking like the worst possible thing it would happen. Yeah. And I have an, I have an, everybody. Oh, I'm like, yeah. Just keep in mind if your arm is never scarred. If you're a couple like that. I'm like, what do you see about that? Yeah. Let's put a barlins game on it. I can't really tell my girlfriend this is like, I'm going to do a Marlon project. Yeah. Yeah. Love it. Honey, eerie. I don't want to pick on a Marlins, but they are under 500 cents. They're eaten one start. What is a 33 and 36 something like that? Yeah, but they're still type of first. Let me say it again. They're not really tellin' it well. They're three games under 500. I don't want to pick on them, but I'm just saying, I mean, they're type of first. And I told you earlier, I said it's a crappy division. How could you say that? It's a crappy division. The Philly suck. The Philly suck. The brave is really suck. They're, they're a shadow of their former self. Oh, come on. The Philly's been gagging and choking lately. Are you kidding me? Philly's a B5 games up in the words for the fact that they're gagging on it. Just go on like 12 runs again. And still losing. Did they win yesterday? Yeah, like 17 to two or something. Yes, they're the same as that they before. That might've been the day before. They're lost last time. And if they would have won, they'd be a game ahead. Well, they call back up to us. Mr. Marlon expert. If they would have won, they'd be in a game ahead. Instead, they're like a percentage point ahead, right? They tied. For child. Yeah. Spig and a sports. We don't want to start doing sports. But this facts here. This is a part of the problem. This is the default syndrome. All over again. Any time you say something about hockey to default, it's start, oh, gumporesley at any jackman. And they're talking about names from 100 years ago. And that's, it's not for it. I got a bunch of old farts, who all of you about hockey was 80 years ago when Johnny Barr was a baby. Things like that. I'm just, I'm not even going to dignify with a response. This is so pathetic. And old hockey nerd, I'd imagine from anywhere with late 60, say who was blues, who was the best player. Redbearance in, by the way, went to Michigan Tech. Frank Pissam, I say who I never heard of. Terry Crispe was an awful, a color man, by the way, in the National Telecaster. Then hall, he used to pivot before every game or John Plond, Jake the snake, who's dead. And we're just getting underweight in history. Probably is one of the blonde players. John Plond, there it was a guy, Jake the snake. He was the first to go lead where, I'm asking a game, you knew that, didn't you? Oh yeah. And Glenn Hall used to pivot before every game. He was kind of a black box. That's it. Don't bother me with hockey anywhere. I love it. But nobody here knows from a hockey. They, they hate it. They can't stand it. Next thing you know, we'll be coming on the Stangler Cup. And that's what they've splunted job to come back and come to him. Now, that doesn't do it for you. We got world's union. I'm Terry, you're two for seven on the power of play. I feel like that. That was much. Here it is. It's the first to July and we're still hockey intensive here in Canada. They, they're obsessed with his men. It's in their blood. It's in their cornflakes. It's in their, uh, in their Canadian bacon, eh? Which quite frankly, I'd rather be around people who obsessed with the hockey and people obsessed with like KILLS and things like that and blowing people up. I believe it. I got a great, we've got some bandwidth stuff on our website today. If I do say, can I say, Dan, oh, we got some dang good stuff on our website today. Christopher Dickey, dictator and waiting, meet our son of a bitch and bag there. That's the headline. I'm only gonna read, I don't want to read a whole long thing here. Okay. I'm too lazy for that. But just a couple of paragraphs to, to like what you're going to read. So you go to theorgios.com when you're through, look at what that picture, Josie Moran, Eric. I don't want to let Eric down because he went to the trouble of finding out when she was born, and I forgot all about it. May 8th, 1978. So she's not funny. She's twenty six last time I checked. Yep. But that's okay. That wouldn't affect that that only makes the cheese more binding, I guess. That's a fine picture, Josh. That was a fine fine. I agree. Yeah, flawless. So after you threw up, Poisonat, look at this there by Christopher Dickie, a BMSNBC, dictator in waiting, meet our set of evades and bagged that. He says, Iraqis don't grow bananas, but why should I keep the bush administration from feeding Iraq like a banana republic? The overwhelming invasion, the ill-conceived occupation, the obliviousness to what's thought of as a native culture, and the tendency to trust only those folks who are out of talk and act and make a thing like they think, like us. Hey, that's the way we've been coming and going in the fever, ports of Central America, and the Caribbean from all over century. So to the handover of paper sovereignty yesterday, meaning on Tuesday or whatever day it was, with took place Monday ahead of schedule and in some I sequence he is if departing from Council Paul Bremmer was embarrassed by what he done for the last year or afraid of his life or both. Let freedom reign President Bush wrote in the margins of Count Alisa's handwritten note about Pandover, but is this any way to treat a great sovereign nation? Left in charge as Prime Minister is a smooth talking former bantast, ayod alawi, grew to the exile by the CIA since the early 1990s. Unlike his erstwhile rival, Ahmed Chalabi, who was groomed by the defense department, but always remained a bit too a much the wally oriental gentleman for American public taste. Alawi comes across more of a regular guy, maybe even a potential golfing partner. He understands what the Americans want, and as long as we're behind him with our troops and our billions he may be able to get it. But what's not pretend he's a nation-democrat even if he manages to hold some cosmetic elections? Alawi is best understood as the anointed dictator in waiting. He's job is to do whatever it needs doing to impose order on the current chaos. Marshall Law, ruthless repression, you name it. With American firepower to back him up, he's more than ready to take the blame for any rough stuff. Alawi's defense minister proudly vows to chop off the hands and heads of terrorists, as Prime Minister, was opposed to a set of uninfamous Nick or Aguandic tater. He's a son of a bitch, but at least he's our son of a bitch. Kind of like son of a bitch, before we decide we'd like a normal, right? We're getting back. You know, one of the things in his life, and of course I had already talked about it on the ear and read about it in the several of the books. To see where, right in the immediate aftermath of 9-11, two days later, and they showed the White House, and we know that band-iron bushes in there having dinner with W. And they show after dinner, they show that they're on a balcony. And you know, actually, we've had pictures of that in some of the books, but you see a, was it, was it recreation or was it like for real? Or he was like, where he was? A cigar, I think. Yeah, he was smoking a stovie and three inches of fine wine. Band-iron freaking bush. That just frosted my fat ass. My beautiful, gorgeous, beautiful white hair. Oh, no! I'm the one! I'm the one! I'm the one! Well, when I'm TV, it's not too dim, rather. There's that it's gonna get into the rings. John, Terry's crying. Jordan, help me with smiling. A round day to keep standing, that up in their veins. All round day, those are the kicks on run. And dinner, crash party is really fun. And if you're a round day, those are the kicks on run. And if you're a real piece of music, you'll be a piece of music. And if you're a round day, those are the kicks on run. And if you're a crash, those are the kicks on run. And if you're a game, they don't have squad dance all right. Gonna make it, if you won't. Rock誌 is gonna make it, if you're gonna attack. But if you can't get in practice, but the outcomes are effective. For our own. All round day, those are the kicks on run. It's dim, and crash party is really fun. And if you're a round day, those are the kicks on run. 560 WCM, that value 280K for the number of 4. Are we going to make our 1,000 or what? 800 and 6 boats. Oh yeah, we got like probably 850 by the end of the star. We can do it. We can make a 1,000 by the end of the star. They're doing the show. We can do it. Considering it's the first to July and say July for a holiday weekend, I'm pretty impressed by that. I'm not impressed too easily, you know? Yep. Zack is even impressed and he's not really paying much attention because he's kind of like half-snosed after a big, big lunch or two. Thanks again to how he's we love you, but just don't do that big thing to me again next time. Okay? But you know, you saw the thing that I'm assuming that Troy's grandfather had you facts that thing to me didn't do direct. Yes. Oh boy. Hey Troy, I love you Troy, but the answer is, oh no. I mean, that's really. Did you see what it was all about or did you know that? But do you know what that is? No, I don't. It's not. It's not. It's not. I can't know. So maybe that might work for you. Right now, it'll be great. Yeah. I'll try to work on how to read some more bedtime stories. That should do the trick. Perfect. This one is perfect. Let's see. Mike Shannon writes, Mr. President, please seek help. He says there's a very sound reason why so many people believe George Bush to be a simplistic ill-informed shallow little man. That is because he is a simplistic ill-informed shallow little man. The Israel is said and done so undenavily devoted to characteristics of what a true inspirational visionary leader normally possesses. That has been said many times before including on numerous occasions by this author. If Mr. Bush's last name was Jones, he'd be lucky to win the mayor or race in Crawford Texas. But he was born in Bush and with all the advantages that twist the fate and doubt him with, he has managed to take the Peter principle they heard to four unimagin heights. While ankoa turkey this week for a series of meetings with our NATO partners, he once again took the opportunity to be showcased for all the world to see his other unworthiness for his high office by making him come in so in vain that if any other world-figured mates had to come, and there would have been an ensuing forester of a astonished imagination. But because Mr. Bush has made so many of this type of idiotic statements that Harvey and I grow was raised. The accomplices be while advocating the admission of turkey in the Eastern into the European Union, a proposition that has a great deal of merit. However, because of some resistance to the idea, especially from the French, Bush thought they needed to add some fuel to his rhetorical fire. He did so by making the following declaration. Including turkey in the U would prove that Europe is not the exclusive club of a single religion. There are so many things wrong with that statement that it's difficult to accurately gauge the depth of ignorance behind it. If he meant by this single religion Catholicism I can understand if he's not up to speed on the differences between the Greek orkabas orkabas and Roman variation of Catholicism, the dogmatic variations are a trifle esoteric, but is the man really think that the Holy Roman Empire is still calling the shots on the continent, or that the papace of Europe still mindlessly danced to the Vatican's tune, and is it really possible that this Yale University educated man missed a Protestant information entirely? Even if we throw the guy aligned on the assume that he meant Christianity is a single monolithic religion, he's still so far out based that it's embarrassing to think that our tax money pays this guy to say these things. Are we to believe that he's unaware that Judaism has been an integral part of the European community for millennium, or that the nations of Europe has been home to six Buddhist Muslims housed, agnostic atheists, and in herds of every other religious and non-religious way of explaining the unexplainable known humanity for centuries? Does he really think that everybody is a white Anglo-Saxon Protestant? This idiocy caused to mind another wapari on porkt a few weeks ago, and leads to wonder believe that the answer to the aforementioned question is yes. This time Mr. Bush was trying to make the point that it is borderline racist for anyone to insinuate that the peoples of Iraq are not capable of following in modern and well-functioning democratic state. Ignoring of course that the citizens of the world's largest democratic state India, share the same basic northern levels as the Iraqi compatrails through their ethnic backgrounds. He buttressed this argument by noting that, and I'm partially paraphrasing, it's unfair to so-delegate people who are different colored than we are. If that is the classic set up for the comeback, who's we white man, I don't know what is. Once again, we can give the guy break in with old ridicule for not knowing that there are a whole lot of black people in Brazil, but how could he possibly make a statement that it is facing flies that everyone in the United States shares his skin color? Obviously, he knows that it isn't true, but at the same time, I'm making such a statement he seems to wish that it was. When Archie Bunker is the first American public figure of somewhat equitable level of exposure notoriety, we met such a comment, it opened the nation's eyes to be able to stupidity a racial-neffic prejudice. Evidently, Archie's message was that the tad-two subtle from Mr. Bush. I think he's about his son right on it there, Mike Shannon. I could be the same Mike Shannon as on a cardinal broadcast, could it? Yeah, Mike. You should play a assured base for the cardinals. Why do I jack fuck on here still dead? Yeah, yes. Now, let's see, never look fave. Ha ha ha ha ha ha, how does this do? Oh my god, never look fave at all. I'm not a little baby, let your girl know she can't stumble, any longer feel the pressure of complicating strongly. Ever seen these two together, good play, JW, we got all kinds of kind of what he just does. So what we can actually still play. I think that's a good show, right? Yeah, that's a good show. But every time I try and find out what this kind of thing is up, I think you're the one designed, suddenly set up a big compliment. So you heard that the game. And then of course, as always. Oh, you. Oh, you. Oh, you. Oh, you. Oh, you. Oh, you. Oh, you. Oh, you. Oh, you. Oh, you. Oh, you. Oh, you. Oh, you. Oh, you. Oh, you. Oh, there's always that. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, the on the 18 and T, and Verizon, marvelous line. I think about maybe tomorrow because it's the second July. Uh-huh. And I would think, I don't even know just coming into tomorrow. Because it's a holiday weekend and experiences on vacation and Greg, you can be damn sure that he's a long gone, you know, he'll be here to be out. Right? Being a charge line. Yeah, we'll be in charge in play. So Josh and Zach and I will be in charge of the show. We're going to play the unedited version of Kindleason, Marceble Time. All right. And also kiss a she-a good morning, Marceble Time. Marceble Time. Marceble Time. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18 and T, and Verizon, marvelous line. W. W. And who's acting? And who's getting your eyes off? Speaking. Neil. Yes, mentioned up a park where Band-Awe is a, uh, having cigars with Bush. Yeah. How come normal mentions that he's smoking a coniever, a cubicle fever, and isn't as a cubicle fever. You have enough for Saudis though. But he's still in the wine house. Right. But he can do whatever it only wants. He's got the keys to the kingdom, baby. Oh, is that what it is? In other words, if you're not enough money and enough oil behind even smoke, whatever how do you want? Including a parking weed. Even now we're a boycotting animal. I mean, you got them with them. Yeah. Good boy. That's only for a politics, just to, just to keep the old exiles happy. The most exilios said down there in La Luebanna. First of pandered them and they work into a good normal. And then they're pissed off of you, WW. That's where we had the other day. That sounds pretty a little bit unpromising, sorry. Okay. But WQM, hello. Yes. Is Miguel Escobar and Promotions Director and Oxi Maran? Yes. I'm telling you, I got something for this station to absolutely free. I've emailed this clown, I've called this clown. He is the biggest ass. Yeah. That you could ever imagine. Why am I saying? He's got the biggest ass. I think that's an important thing. I'm going to say that. Yeah. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. There we go. He don't like me. We like Miguel. Okay. He's a fine guy. Okay. I mean, granted, he's got all my Marlantic. It's an amount to happy about that. Aaron and Nashville says, oh, look at this. Oh my god. I heard you ripping Terry Chris from his days with Tampa Bay. Now, wait a minute. I want you to stink. Even though you weren't paying any attention. Didn't I say this a terrible color job up there in Nashville doing a cover on a game? Yes. Okay. Right on the heels of that, I get a fact saying, I heard you ripping on Terry Chris from his days with Tampa Bay. I didn't say anything about Tampa Bay. Although I know he was the coach. Well, if you didn't know already, he's now the color guy up here in Nashville working with Pete Weber on the Predators games. We love him up here, but of course we're still new to hockey, of course, a bunch of Yahoo's. I've been listening for five years now, love to show you. Just don't bother with hockey, talk, or somebody would understand it. Aaron, thank you so much. He used to learning that game too. Like I said, he is a horrible color commentator. He's a Yahoo, also, so we've fits in like a rubber glove. Aaron being a Nashville, oh, he's got a lot of things to overcome up there. He all come back now here. There's two kinds of people. I'm not here in Nashville then from New York and Jews, you know? Wow. They're just a little bit tired of his there in Nashville. They have to affirm a decent team and a thing that very trots is to look out to you. Well, I see's been the longing, considered long as consecutive coach, can you? Really? Very trots. Cotter trots? And they give it a hell of a shot there in the playoffs too. They give everybody's a steer their lifetime. Remember that? And I bet you were watching every game on the edge of your seat. Every game last year. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Maybe one player on Nashville Predators is just one. Well, I asked me the name one. Well, the season has been over so long, you know? I mean, Mike Donald used to be the goalie, but it's with the range of, no, I can't. I just, there's a David, whatever his name is, number 11. I can't think of the name. Nobody looks like. Pretty good. I see, that's bad. See? I don't know who's on that team. I'm even on Nashville, how do you? The Nashville Predators? Oh. And the Minnesota Vile? You better get with it, Mr. if you're going to be a sportsman, even a Wondermull wants to help that show. So, who's a big hockey man? I don't talk in the hockey forum, you know? WQN, hello. Yes, sir. How come you only talk about things that you agree with? Such as? And the Minnesota Vile? Turn it up, turn up your loud patio. Okay, so get in here. I've got five vibrations from. I've mentioned Brian Wilson, this guy's on for good vibrations. How come you only talk about things you agree with? Do you even understand he? And this guy must be a bush-mised hero, a person. They must have come from the same school of a literacy. Blow out your butt, pal. Okay, have a good time doing it. In fact, save it as a souvenir. Thirty-fuel, hello. Hello, yes sir. Speaking. You know, that's a, you know, I was reading something a newspaper pal. Nobody said happy Canada day to me today. So, well, happy Canada day. Thank you. I thought, yeah, I forgot all the time. I slipped my mind. So, what did you get the definition of a pomsy game is? Have you ever heard of that? I heard a pomsy. I thought he was unhappy days. And he got the guy got chopped off. I didn't hang up on him. I don't know what that is. I'll call back if you want to. Because I was kind of interested in that. A pomsy game? Yeah. Some kind of a financial scam. I haven't heard of that. I've heard tell. I can't stand Henry Winter. David, it'll come to me. David, then turn think of somebody on Nashville. Sam give a new crap about what I, I don't watch the Western Conference. I can't stand it. Oh, that's yours. No, let's just let I'm old and feeble. That's my choice. What's yours? I'm young and feeble. Young and feeble. And just to again, we fed. Now, you lost the house. Who's since I've been there, what? Because when I come back, you and Hank, and they're going to be stuck, I gave up on. Better, better be a little bit better, shift in the last time. The Humper man, he was just, you can't even speak out of the hopper. You missed your assignment. You were going to do for me. You were going to talk to David, Hagan, and get me the info more of that done at American Cancer Society thing that Hank has raised money for, and see if I could help. But they don't want my help. That's okay, because I don't like the charity. But it still's pretty embarrassing. I mean, if I didn't own the fact that I wouldn't made any comment, I'd just let it would help my comment and wouldn't a nice check and send it along. If somebody would've communicated with me, but I guess they didn't need my help, okay. Just like a down Coral On said, too, what's his name? You didn't want my help, you know what, be in my debt. You were afraid. Remember? That's right. Bonacetta. They were afraid of you. Yeah, Bonacetta. Prop 57 at 560 WQM with the heat of the summer and blow out from what everybody's telling me, man, you could be roasting chestnuts right on the streets. Now's a great time to get out of that car. You've been driving into a new Toyota from Armstrong, Toyota of Homestay. They run US one-tutaminate south of the E36 and well-witted rad-downer because they're going to save you so much cash, literally thousands on great new Toyota's. With rising gas prices, maybe you want to car with more fuel economy. The legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just $1.99 or least it for just $2.99 a month. Need a great Toyota for that college or high school graduate. How about the Toyota Echo Lease Price? It's just $1.99. Need a truck to be six to out of 10 per bucket or cab can be yours for just $2.39 a month. If you're looking for the hottest new cars, if I'm be sure and check out the Corolla XRS and so they're convertible now in stock at Armstrong Toyota of Homestay. Their service department is even open late late late every night to make sure your service work is done on week nights. And keep in mind that Armstrong Toyota Homestay was the first to drop your free tires and batteries for life and now that is the first to drop your free replacement parts for life. That's correct. tires, batteries, and free parts for life. Nobody know where does that. So skip those mega dealers who give you a big sound dance in live through their teeth. See, David Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota Homestay today for honest goodness, real deal and save you thousands on that great new Toyota. Only at Armstrong Toyota Homestay. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing forget about the rain. The new Toyota Homestay right wing is drilling it over and over it to our head. Daddy,айтotheshrahtsha!' dreams, thousand people killed and the earth died that sent to this oil to be cabinet. Spring with valetaya. Meaning after some dawnment to make a NO summer there's nothemeNow But maybe not, but no, it's a good side of the incompletion. Believe in every word of this cartel, it's administration. Back in trouble, this white bear, through the hammer, that girl, he shes in us. Or right, we're just dreaming it over and over into our heads. And I beg, cast up, wet prints of masters to ruck, shall I? I'm dying over here. The loss of civil rights is the right that we're paid. We're also spectrum now, not say I drop this thing. I have nothing to hide. People, authors all are saying, I don't be the entitled old house. And the reservoir features salad for folks, vanilla, world and garlic, just whole-grissing, musk, moth and haliburts in and so, with no objection at all, to the fact that we don't have the balls and the right. We're dreaming it over and over into our great white pants. I have no white rag, cast up, wet prints of masters, ruck, shall I? All the right, cast up, wet prints of masters, ruck, shall I? That'll be the reason I play that, don't you? Because it was long. Oh, perfect. And I've had a pee for like two and a half hours. Nice. I mean, how can you go take a leak when you got these short breaks like this? Plus, I guess, down, you drop in some extra of the problems and stuff in there. But I never know for sure. I know. So, we try to split it, I figure I better place something a little on the lawn side, you know? Perfect. Anyway, here's the fact that says Greg Reid's bone-headed move, Vainting and the station's relationship is the single largest shield for the dolphin, organization, or contract, and for an only recognizing horrible talent long after the rarity on the air, or a sea, imagine a great put-out with stern as you read in. You will the markets have seemed to poop in. I'll say, I've been in bulk of the things that you know, okay? Thank the Lord. He didn't get Howard Spear-Non's six a.m. to whatever. I can just tell you that right now, you think he else something JW feed on no squine? All these experts out there, but it ain't edible, but about you shouldn't have fired for well, which I don't know if this is still the most, what is that? What's not? Gruffed on the fourth place. See, if you don't keep track, but it's a pretty good battle there, see that? What do you think Greg Reid's biggest bone-headed move at last seven years has been hiring more Howard David at 170? That's a good move. Greg, and up the first team on 39, O.J. at the golf tournament steadily, but surely is climbing up the list under 13. What did his grace? Firing Scott for Reld tied with the O.J. 113. Neil Firing at War Not Firing, George Rubber, because that was a 4-inch club 87. Firing Joe and Mark now sees that you a little faith, I call him. I was wrong. Very wrong. You were so far off that I'm embarrassed for you. Seeing worth a million at Holy Sandwich. Firing Joe and Mark 56 as in 256, you ought to be embarrassed. What's Joe coming back with on? A year from circus. Keeping guilty on here, 54. Wow. Talk about embarrassing. Talking sports on here for now, after 9-11, had to detain sit the building's 34. There's still on there. Puppah, puppah, puppah, given scores and talking crap. And Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy. A bushroom or a kind of a book? The rather. Firing Scott for Reld 43, putting the big, O.J. on the year, 24, using Joe's agache as a filling, 24 to fill in, putting on the crow of 20, hiring the O.J. 14, putting on the morning crew five in a few options, holding out three out of eight and ninety-one. We need one or nine more for a thousand piece of cake. This is what. A bunch of Zaxa, straight up in the chair as soon as I said, piece of cake. Here's one that says, even if you don't be the whole article, drop out of the last paragraph, 14 children by nine women, oh my God, it says here. Oh my God. NBA Hall of Famer, Calvin Murphy was invited today on Sits concept, sexually abusing five of his daughters more than 10 years ago. What a stand-up guy. Yeah, I think he did it standing up. 14 times. The 14, the, the, the, the former Houston rocket star was on Lee from his job as an aimless on rocket telecast, also was on a way, not three counts of aggravated sexual assault, and three counts of indecency would a child, a system DA lines long said. But there's nothing like these, Jax man, I'd say. Jax and X, Jax, they're the best. How do you feel? Calvin, adamantly insist that he's innocent of these charges, anxious to present his side to what you're either proud or attorney, Rusty Harden said. Careful. Harden said the indemate is expected, it's important for him to remember that the grand joys not heard from Calvin or many witnesses on his behalf, that insist that these allegations are absolutely untrue. Murphy initially was charged, March 29th after five daughters accused him of sexually abusing him between 1980 and 1989 when they range in age, 91, it is, range in age from 6 to 13. Murphy, 55, has considered the allegations stem from a family battle over money and explanation long as dismissed. He remains beyond bail for a grand, but if convicted, Murphy could receive five years to life in prison for the aggravated the penses and two to twenty years for the indecency violations he also could be eligible for probation because he has no criminal history. Another classic guy evidently. But don't prejudge now, right? No way. And look at this, redbearance in again, this guy, I'll stress with redbearance and okay, maybe I'll give you your phone number, okay you will fart. God, I'll speak in a pausing. See the guy got cut off, but I he peaked my curiosity because we're here to learn, is that more here for me? Yeah, to learn. To educate. No. Charles Ponzi, that's the guy's name, that started this whole deal and you know that? I did not. W. Money in 90 days. Hey, if I got a deal for you, it says I can W. Money in just 90 days guarantee, nonsense you say, what you don't trust me, I promise you that it can be done. A man named Charles Ponzi delivered on such a promise back in 1920. Says this has to be sent by the scam, will I be lying if I said that it wasn't, put your money back into banking, I can reach this way. Carl O Charles Ponzi was born in Parma, Italy 1882. An animated to the west in November of 1903. Over the next 14 years Ponzi wanted from city to city from job and job to work as a dishwasher, waiter, stir clerk, even as an Italian interpreter. In 1917, he settled back into Boston where he took a job to have to get answering foreign mail. It was in Boston that faithful day in August 1919, that Ponzi discovered the mechanism to make both him and his investors very wealthy. This goes on forever. At the time, Ponzi was considering issuing an export magazine, he had written a letter about the proposed publication of gentleman in Spain, and when Ponzi received his reply, the man that included an international post-to-replicate coupon, the idea behind this enclosure was quite simple, Ponzi was to take the coupon to his local post office and exchange it for American postage stamps. He would then use those American stamps to send the magazine to Spain. Ponzi noticed that the postal coupon had been purchased in Spain for about one cent in American funds, and when he passed it, he was able to get six American once in stamps. Just think of the possibilities if you could do this. You could buy a hundred dollars worth of stamps in Spain, cash them in for $600 worth of stamps in the US, and cash in or sell the stamps to a third party, and you have well-good old cash. You just can't get this kind of interest in the bank. Ponzi's mind quickly went into overdrive and divided to clever scheme to capitalize on his idea. He was termed to be a rich man. So at any rate, the idea, that's how it started. Carl O'Ponzi in the Parma Italy. Just learned something else, right? Very informative. Although I wonder what that was talking about in regard to that, I must have been about $200. Before something. $5.670.50. $5.680.80. $8.10. $5.680. $5.680. $5.680. $5.680. $5.680. $5.680. $5.680. $5.680. $5.680. $5.680. $5.680. $5.680. $5.680. And you two, let's go on. Moving the old timeslot. The disaster if it's not broke, fix it. Mess around with it. Dittle with it. Almost said something else. Dittle with it. That's close. Close it, right? Yes, close it. There's nothing wrong. Just get your roll up your saves and come in here and create problems. That's what Greg does, but I still manage them. They're all the same. Just a matter of degree. Just a matter of how much the suit cost and look at your public slide. $5.670.50. $5.680. $680.50. $5.680. $5.680. $5.980. $5.680. You know, you know that the article that you've just read on the carbon-work. Yeah. If you put those two attorney's together, you got to turn it long and hard. Okay. Great. Week. Number Ty Harden? No, Marjoral actor? $5.680. $5.680. $5.680. $5.680. $7.680. $5.680. Actually, I might get this as well today. Why the hell should we push it in this hour? Probably she just played the one in two comedy bits How did you Q and hello Yeah, now I got a whole question for tomorrow whether Holy stuff will or a minor okay, great well last got more and find out. So move this got the answers 567560 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line definitely a squeer the squealer in the morning WQ and hello Hey, I want you know speaking No, what's up? How you doing? I'm actually a long time listener and actually not a long time I just try listening maybe six months ago, but since I was trying to figure out the radio I love I show but there's a couple of jokes that you haven't shown that I just have questions about it. You know mine Like about very man. What's the deal with that one? Okay, I'll tell you why I'm gonna play the whole bit It's for that was taken from after the break and then you understand Okay, can I ask you a little more? You're quick. Okay, let me just go ahead and ask them all flat out. What's the story behind you and how are they? You know what's that? Yeah, and all of the people that come up in a car you open it say that sound that I like that sound Yeah, why did they do that? Is there like a hidden meaning behind that and why does everybody Katie you that you know if you're gay or now like You know I mean it's quite I don't know if it's quite or not well. What they really have what they're really trying to say is I have no life That's it. Okay, I'll get to I get to all them. How am I? You can also play a built-in song So my girl you are 40,000 okay, no problem. See you rock Okay, man It's like a 90's spot to bet all the spots are in this hour 114 10 at five 60 if you've got spots on your head where there used to be here if you got like a big ball spot That's the youngest spot of all my right? Absolutely you bet Chuck out the area would like to do something for you everybody in their brother like they keep telling is running spots on his radio station No, I'm TV there everywhere trying to give you a song in advance about how they're gonna make you look great with a head of hair Forget about them because for more than 35 years Charlie's been doing it for the rich the banana so rich for everybody in between Because you offered you the most amazing natural hairline system in the universe I keep in mind the most critical area of any her system is the hairline and Charlie's skin-like Her system is 100% on detectable. Let me see it again. It is un-detectable And Charlie usually is 30 day guarantee like you guys just say I'm sure you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells even if you're getting more action of your school teachers aren't fun I check return it for full refund Charlie also services and repairs existing here systems usually while you wait Including shampoo and trim so forget about those other guys forget about the pills forget about the muskware look because that's Dude if you want to look great younger and better than you ever dreamed again You could call toll free 1 800 3 21 24 30 See I got all the words and they're just not necessarily in a wide order, right? Yeah sure, but who's county 1 800 3 21 24 13 or check them on the web it trails out for your eerie.com All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire Pop daddy sitting in the chair. I'll call you puppy. Yo yo, man. Yo yo. Are you ready? Yeah Here's your $100 Finish this nursery ride All right, victory victory blank is it a dock V-P See marina or d inlet Oh, man. Is on the question man. Yo kidding me, right? This is 100 dollars for one hundred dollars. They say the million dollar question Well, this is the first one Only for a hundred dollars. It's just a black thing Would you like to use a light one? Yeah, all right. What do I got? Well, we have the ask the audience the 50 50 on the phone of friend Ask the audience not totally why people in here that's I think 50 in them and help me. Oh, you don't want me to phone a friend That a phone a friend on the hundred dollar question finishing the nursery run. Yeah All right, who are we gonna call puppy? Oh my boy. Oh, dirty bastard old dirty bastard. Yeah, dirty. We're calm Friends from 18 to you'll get old dirty on the line and hopefully he can help you Yo Oh, dirty Yeah, man. We just open from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you? I Got your friend here puff daddy go dirty. What's up? What All right, all right Oh Oh, dirty puff daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the hundred dollar question He's a first time first question and the next voice you hear will be his he'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question He'll give you a full possible choice Are you set? Next voice you hear will be his and 30 seconds begins You dirty faces off of me all right Pickering victory blank easy A dot B Pia C Moreno or D In it Oh Come on man. I'm gonna time I know this. You know I feel spirit be sure But third man. This is not a money man. I'm 30. All right, man. Thank you very much Times up all dirty said peer You still have two lifelines left. We are on the hundred dollar question You know what we just follow the audience no, I like the error offline I actually know there's only three lifelines have used one you have to let no no I'm getting another offline. It's a brand new into the game And what is that? It's called shoot the ocean You can ask the audience Oh, you took the 50 50 What's the answer? It's a happy it's stuck. It's a hey it's not my final answer stop It's not good one you go on So there's this story I'm where they came from 120, 150, 120 Qm I'm really glad he asked her both of those but you want to know why? Because that one is a pretty long and the one Clinton this state of women Let me just check Two minutes and 48 seconds Just what we like at this time of year what we like at any time is firstly release holidays What is kind of like a wall? Here's the fact this is I heard I NPR although I don't know why they had to hit this on NPR because I hit it on yesterday That's a Florida both bush 43 carry 43 and eight or five didn't we have that on yesterday? Yes And anyways, as maybe we could send the president to give it to Bobo Garra Red sauce good day. We can teach him out of pronounce it Chris says please add to the pool. I'm not gonna need to one of these but take you anyway for the thoughts Chris It says put in that fruit fly on and I'm warning the president traffic now. What kind of ways that to talk about my close personal friend Mark Morgan? I Mark Morgan now here's Neil Rogers on five sixty two eight Also, it says I think the time jikya on the years very amateurish It's not the on the radio. I certainly agree with that in fact even in this column is very amateurish again I like him personally is a good guy to track But as far as their column the column you wrote on stern is running Tommy. I know you listen to the show I don't want to make you feel bad on holiday, but that was so weak and a 90% of that column was just written from the wire service Just story it was really nothing in there. It's said the fact that the buzz is got a weak signal and everybody You know better watch out for stern is coming back to close your ears and all whatever. It was a very weak Just like that signal from the buzz that you want here in Dave County 567.560 pound 560 on the AT and see you line. Let's take a look. We're gonna make that thousand no sweat, right? trash it nine 49 so many like about 20 and for the hour 949 votes. What do you think Greg reads biggest bonehead movies are general mangrove? Of course over the past seven years has been hiring oh how are David? 85 but hey no matter how much we try in order to rehab him and Like to polish as an effesiment's a little bit it just and work into good not at all Breaking up what did you say? said not at all breaking up the I thought you said the first team 140 six which led to all these other disasters firing Scott for r l 122 OG at the government right on for rls asked you better watch it Scott All days since it is right on Scott for rls ask how do you like that? Interesting. 120 not firing George Rodriguez 91 it is love like I said pick it on for a little hooray firing Joe and Mark 66 keeping guilty on the air 54 Pockens sports for an hour after 911 after the playing hit 37 That should be a much of a course Greg was busy with that finger in the hole in his head You know he probably didn't even know what was going on hiring Scott for rl 35 putting the big O on year 25 the big oh Using Joe's easy villain 24 putting the crow on year 20 hey they love the crow man hiring your Rogers 15 That was a bad move for me Putting on the morning cruise six to Q a mock-and-tree and moving your time slot so far has got the big Just get on to assure time don't have any well that's cause we finally got it back How did we get it back? See you see how all these again it all goes back to screw up a day The worst team Because almost everything that's honest list come over hiring for rls firing for real moving at times So it all had to do with that It had to do with accommodating a cranky old man who didn't want to work for four hours because that was just beneath him So six to ten was out of the question so we had to move me to nine to one and And of course five you know, I just took that In fact it started six to nine I forgot all about that right? Moan Gell thee were six to nine In the course that turned out to be a bigger bomb than her ocean muscle as a result That's when for rl came in and we got the Yes, the 10 thing going and then your loss of license and stuff like that little minor things five six 70 five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 and three Verizon wireless line W Q and hello Yes, sir What is it Well he just say Okay, whatever you say so we sound a little bit nervous, but never to lie I think that's what we started say I have no idea what that was all about all the way here paid to watch that with me Oh, yeah, that would be fun In fact I can think a lot of people in the building would be like pushing you out of line just to get to the front of the line for good seat 26 after one at five 60 W Q m speaking of fat people's act. Oh, now have you tried the icons have you done it? Yes, I do I don't want to pursue it beyond that because there's some of his distanced day on it Kinsin and that's the reason we're talking about the lights all the time is because for people who can't stand their low carb diets Like South beat and sugarbusters Ray atkins died It's pretty boring. It's been out in the city sounds great in the beginning You know steak and seafood and butter and eggs and stuff like that, but gets to the you have to have some variety And the lights of West book is helped thousands of low carb diet is achieved in the way lost gold So this is a place you need out of get familiar with because today shopping for the right low car Parties become a real pain in the arse not to the so-called low car products and grocery store shelves won't help you lose weight So don't sanitize your way lost goals committed lights and West book of the help you stand a right track because they've got hundreds and hundreds of the best tasting Lowest car products anywhere and one of the great deals they got a Mr was that you can try anything to destroy before you bite So before you lay out any cash in the biohole bunch of stuff and take it home You'll find out if you like it or not your staff knows low carb dieting inside and out there often every day until 10 don't forget their guarantee lowest price policy I'm a Lankin's Carbola is in pure delight products That's the lights of West book. It will not be under sold by no one nowhere Elites us on the northeast corner of blazing for 41 right next to Boston market you can come to a free one eight seven seven low car Hello, W C-A-RB you're on the web is low carb dot com the lights of West book your official atkins retail centers Honey You So Paul Jones you got a new nose You You So when the trip got some surgery Oh You You If So Hillary you're going to be a senator from the art I know impressed me I'm a little impressed by the view God the touch I'm a little bit wrong I'm a little bit wrong With no opinion of a man I'm a man I'm a man I'm a little bit impressed They were Like you, that is my standard But we're gonna dress I love you 133 at 56 You know, but if you're not telling us you're not just having a feeding frenzy with the Sodom tape The seventh charge was, I guess, Subduptate as they show you with the interpreter over and over and over and over again He was only in there for like a half an hour You think it's like the OJ trial Just on and on It eventually will be But months down the line And then they're gonna fry his ass We'll say See we did it We got him He didn't have nothing new with the 9 level We got him anyway Because he's a bad guy We're bad guy Like Roosevelt said he was our son of a bitch for one Somebody else's son of a bitch Right? Oh yeah He's speaking around Native here's some good news That you're listening to shock Even you We're gonna guys Loki as you are you'll be shocked Pat Lamar She knew who that is No The Green Party's newly nominated candidate For Christ President said Yesterday that our top priority is not Wading the White House for the Green Party But ensuring that President Bush is defeated Oh right She is in fact so to term in a sea bush That she wouldn't comment To voting for his commit to voting for herself A spokesperson for the Bush Can you tell me about the The Green Party's first candidate Texas lawyer David court on the cob Lamar She won 7% of the vote once she was the Green Independent candidate for government In 1998 She said But if Bush has got 11% of the vote in main Commirbember 2nd I can vote for whoever I want And if the state is as it is now A toss up between Bush and carry She could vote for the Democrat I love my country She said Maybe she'd asked him that Because if Dick Cheney loves his country He would not be voting for himself A spokesman for the Bush can't pay To the vice president of the certain Devo for his Bush relation What a shock that is A foul man Don't tell us some of the Crap they put in these articles Unbelievable Very saboteau No relation to a Kenny Domingo Or Domingo Madunio Very saboteau political sciences To direct the University of Virginia Center for politics Said it's a rare thing even for a splendor party They have a nominee for vice president In the case he's not sure for whom she's been a vote In other words if it's in a close state If it's a close race weather He's voting for a Terry How do you like that? He will, Pat Here's a story you'll love Positive All right Oh there's that Scotland clone That re-salt for the Iraqi people And This step today He gets a process Yeah, if he gets a process of dog and pony show He's trying to say anyway ACU fights new teen camp band This is enrichment Virginia with a banjo underneath A lawsuit is challenging a new state law that effectively bans Newed summer camps for teenagers saying it violates the constitution of right to Prophecy The ACU sued Tuesday and federal court to keep the state from Shunning down and no clothing camp for juveniles in H.O.I. At the White Tail Park, Newtis Camp and I.V. Virginia Not a great name The White Tail Park Oh yeah You probably seem little white tail in your time Oh, once in a while Once in a great while Coming out as much as Josh I love the White Tail Just the Fufufufu The law was passed in March and response to a week long residential camp for 11.18 year old's last human white trail Tail White Tail Trail It was the first in Virginia and only the third such on actual camp for juveniles in the nation According to the American Association of Newt Recreation I bet until this moment you never even knew you and the entire audience never even knew There was such a thing as the American Association of New Recreation I did not play But there we are Mark that down is another thing you were in today Not only the Apasi Fanzi team Legislators overreact in the process they substantially interfered with the right of families to make lifestyle choices Virginia ACU executive director Kent Willis said What if he's kind of down trail Using the overall logic of this law Legislators in Afreeans of the French children from a swimming plain baseball or writing a bus The law which took effect today The United States licensed to many hotels Summer camp or campground that maintains a conduct as any part of its activities A new discount for juveniles It defines the chances those attended by openly new juveniles Not accompanied by parents or legal guardians Some others that their parents were the my guess it's okay Attorney General Jimmy W. Kowgors said I hear that such can't strike pedophiles and child for nougatars We believe the law is passed is constitutional Relicory to defending minors and morals in the comemov Said Tucker Martin a Kowgors spokesman I like tail open in southeast and Virginia 1984 about 1200 new discards There were anyone time-acthilling about 30 families About 10 men who lived there all year Visitors undergo background sex in the campfire Strict rules against Lude Lustville or a lascivious comic See one thing about that drop in About 10 men even if you never did hear the puppy and read his thing It's it's It's got its moments but watch it here the original bit About 30 men and has a little more emphasis right? Yes it does It has some more significant About 30 men Similar youth groups have been held in Florida and Arizona according to the American Association of New Recreation would which white tail is affiliated Besides white tail, penic include three couples of our white tail members and their children Three boys ages 11 15 and 17 and two girls ages 10 and 12 Definitely those girls much too young for you guys to be looking at These are parents who have been Raised their kids in a new-est lifestyle and made their parents in the kids Do new to do something natural and ordinary as opposed to something erotic or sexual Said Rebecca Glenberg will you turn he sounds like a you'd to me again Somebody you wish doctors and lawyers, you know, oh yeah and Zach look what happened to you That's okay. We're gonna disturb but I forgot about that. That's right So for these kids being around other naked kids is something perfectly normal And the camp is very highly supervised and quit being so uptight as basically what they're trying to say But that's Virginia was even OG brave of the on the map looks like it's up north kind of sort of Trust me when I tell you it's the deep south make them a stick above it. You've been in Virginia. I have been rich Me and I was fairly a fifth grade field trip Yeah, I would argue with no I don't remember long time ago very Yahoo place Long 39 21 till two we got the man dog working today I'll write back from a marginally deserved day off yesterday And we got any care for the number of four hop around a way to Vegas and then a Marlon game Marlins on deck at seven marlins at the Bay of 735 Curtis Davis is getting more and more airtime all the end of the start Yes See that's how works. Well, does your criticism is a good job on a year and he'll be on an AK slot After the ball game and then of course overnight. We just shut it off He's your company suffering from regulations increased labor cost let away says outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business Pay world administration 14 500 company employee benefit human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing in cover help your business be a lot more profitable call a waste is outsourcing the day for a field valuation in one 866 and Oasis that's one 866286 2747 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing understands of any fastest human resource management Outdoor things being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice Which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details from the folks at Oasis outsourcing So let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you like a free of valuation column tool free There's no obligation call one 866 at Oasis that's one 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing I Thank you Get the humor at the mound I've got a ball got to pickions for Oasis man 돈 Now yours gonna rip for four hours encadelines I will see you! Show that! Spend it! Show that! Spend it! That's a little flower! Maybe we should take this call for my special guest. Roberto Longo. Hi everybody, don't you know what I'm going to do? The Pants is now! I'm sure that's Ricky Boy's guy that goes all the time. I've got a lot to do that week, confused with the character on another show. That's not me. I have children, you know. Do I do I do it? You have a funny baby. I'm just going to do it! I'm just going to do it! I'm just going to do it! I'm just going to do it! Just take it easy on myself! Don't let me on this! Don't let me on that! I'm going to do it! I'm going to walk in that area with just 50kg. Two more rounds. Come on! I'm going to crush you and take my shoes off. One, forty five and five sixty WQA. What has been Painless, you know? Running right through the time here. Nice for you lunch yesterday from Moezzet. The joint! How can I forget? From some joint and how he's today in the tomorrow. I don't even know. Maybe Jeff Cohen will come by tomorrow. We've got Charlotte Friday tomorrow. I forgot about that. Now, is Joe's head in Brida and I every burger from Charlotte now? Yes. He is really tight with those folks. Have you ever heard about Joe Rose, man? There are a lot of people. There are a lot of things about Joe Rose. Well, I'm sure you do. Maybe you don't love him like to be still. Be here that comment? What comment? About how he loves, I don't want to go into it soon, girls. But at any rate, like, char-hat, Beverly's doers. And err around, those three, man. Those people, they love Joe. They would like to take Joe Rose foot upon her shoulder. I have it low to carry. Especially when I'm saggy boobs. But I'm already impressed. Joe has done a fine job. And see, there's another example. How about putting out our list one more before we leave? Just spending Joe Rose. Huh? Does that boy, we want to put it or? Huh? It's going on right now. Just spending Joe Rose. After a great jerk in Brida, all those months, didn't plan. Didn't put him on the, uh, didn't make that deal. And even now, there seem to be still some question marks. I hear people saying, well, oh, and I'd say, I'll take care of, isn't it? There's always a question mark at the end when you do it with Greg. That's all done. Isn't it? Amen. At any rate. According to a report that he's walked in post president pushes, we appointed W. David Higron, a tourist for his French anti-choice police and for assistant anti-choice activism. For the influential reproductive health drugs advisory committee of the FDA. Higron uses physician on a committee to advocate his ideological agenda to be coming on a voting for dissenters from the overwhelming vote to recommend over to counter several the morning after counter-centred plan B. A recommendation that was overworld by the administration response to far-right political pressure. In recent weeks, nail-out pro-choice America's letter grassroots campaign to persuade the President not to be a forenager, spurring more than 25,000 pro-choice activists to set messages of opposition and addition to coalition members of Congress, including pro-choice Republican representative James Greenwood of Pennsylvania, and Nancy Johnson of Connecticut's infosciletter pleading that he not take this step. Elizabeth Kavanaugh, interim president of the NAYREL Pro-choice America's president, and pushes them to gain. Ben Oberbackwood to keep his anti-choice based happy in a way that simply stops the pro-choice majority in the face and ignores women's health and shows absolute disdain for medical science since a slap in a face. Pro-choice Republicans asked him not to be a foret David Higron more than 25,000 grassroots American Senate petitioned asking him that he not put this experience back into the sinful rental position and common sense would argue that Higron is being qualified to serve on a body that's supposed to provide non-ideological scientific guidance. This is right in the line with the article we had yesterday, all those thousands of scientists that signed a petition against Bush. Among the highlight of Higron's record as practicing OBGYN, in other way we've used this to perform surgical abortions or prescribed medical abortion, he won't even provide the IUDs of IBA-Septan-Former Confirception. Higron helped the Christian Medical Association by the Citizens position and the petitioned August that called for the FDA to repress its approval of medical abortions and pulled it off the market, ignoring over a decade of international research that established a safety and efficacy of this early abortion option. Time magazine said it two sources familiar with his private factors to say that Higron refused to prescribe contraceptives to unmarried women. Higron wrote stress in the woman's body with his wife Linda, recommending scripture readings as treatment for a criminal syndrome and other medical physicians. There you go. Scripture readings. That'll do. All right. Just pay the bill. Oh man. Why isn't a media talking about these things? That's what I would like to know. Why? Because they're in Bush's pocket because they don't want to tell us the truth. Because they're afraid that somebody's going to come along and not come off the year. Find a million's and millions of dollars. Because the Saudis are on their board of directors. And just enclosing as far as I'll bush my sister. Because I don't mind getting too depressed. And Abu Ghara, read them up for that already. Your rack is worse off than before the war begins as the GA. In some cases electricity, the judicial system and overall security, your rack that America handed back to its residents Monday is worse off than before the war began last year. According to calculations in a new GA, oh report released this week. 105 page report by Congress's investigative arm office of bleak assessment of the government's rights after 14 months of US military occupation among its findings. In 13 of Iraq's 18 provinces electricity was available a few hours per day on average last month and before the war nearly 20 of Iraq's 26 million people live in those provinces. 20 million people, little electricity here a little bit there. They can't even run their pop up toaster. That's terrible. They will leave me able to heat up their home and talk to you next to the forum. Only 13.7, not that you're supposed to. When a 13.7 billion of the 50 million dollars pledge and allocated worldwide to be built, Iraq has been spent with another 10 billion about to be spent, the biggest Trump had had money has been used to run Iraq's ministry operations. The country's court system is more cloud than before the war, and jurors are frequent targets of assassination attempts sometimes successful. The newer rack you civil defense policy and overall security units are suffering from mass desertions are poorly trained and ill-equipped. The number of what to now at this ban and coalition provisional authority called the European Union's search and attacks skyrocketed from 411 in February, to 1169 in May, another one today, by the way. I mentioned that before. The report was released on the same day that the CPAs and Inspector General issued three reports of highlighted serious men and mental difficulties at the CPA. The report found that the CPA wasted millions of dollars in a company's report held in Kuwait because it didn't have guidelines for who could stay there. Last crack of our money employees had an Iraq and didn't track reconstruction projects funded by international donors to ensure that they didn't duplicate US projects. And it goes on its on our website. Iraq is worse often before the war began GA or reports that's the article by Seth Borenstein. Other one of those people. Other one of your people's act. Yep, another you. So many years and so little time. Anyway, what's happening feels like this is just said by today, you know? And then we got tomorrow and then next week. Next week starts at schedule, Bill. I thought I'm looking forward to what you understand. No, no, no. I'm going to be here every day five days away. Once in a while. A couple of weeks a year. Here's our poor result up to the moment we got the thousand like there were standing still a thousand and fifty one man. What do you think? Greg Reed, our general man where what his biggest bonehead move has been these last seven years. Tiring low-hour dividend, you can't catch him out or don't you? 90 on a moment is back. Breaking up the first team on 59. OJ at the golf team, you know, it's how steadily that just keeps climbing and climbing and moving up there. OJ. 133. Firing for around 126. Firing during Mark 107. Zach. Wow. Not firing George Rodriguez 106. Keeping Goli on here. 60. Hawking sports on the air for now after 9.11 after the planes hit the tower. 42. Firing for well 36. Firing for the big. Oh. On a year 25. Using Jersey as a full and 25. Firing the crow on a year 20. A shocking development. Tiring your rod your 15. Putting on the morning crew. The wrecking crew seven. Moving hills times. Six. The QA options. Yes. Spending for Joe. None yet. He'll get to them. But every see. I don't think we're really saying that the way we should. Well, we can put schooling to your rosal. But I'll be good way to put it. But we can leave it to that way because if we change it, then Eric's got to put his fine and right. Right. So like I said, it's perfect. 153 at 5.60 Q and Competal Park is going to explode this Friday. That is the very second soft as your life for a holiday weekend with a spectacular fireworks show after the last five race tomorrow. July number two. It's a family fun night to bring out the kids. They'll be clowns for you face painting live music. Free miniature horse rides all starting at seven in the p.m. There will be a special early post down tomorrow at 7.05 p.m. because of the fireworks show. The fireworks show is set to take place at 10 30 tomorrow night. Talkroom is open noon to midnight. And it's easy to get to Competal Park for anywhere because it's close to both on any five. Just to have mile away and also have enough from the turn bike. And best of all, Competal Park offers you free admission. Free general parking every day. Live hardest race even the full crew. More than every Friday and Saturday, Poker stars at noon and goes on the midnight live racing gets in a way nightly 7 25 at a p.m. Competal Park of course is also continuing to open every day seven days week for a final casting with a best and hardest racing through a bread and a high liax and locks out for way McLean Junior from all across North America. Be the watch and wait you on and down McAvoy. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. You can go on a web at www.competalpark.com or call 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 2 1000 don't forget to big explosions of fireworks and great racing tomorrow. And this weekend is Pump and O'Far. Competal Park and Lock all 6 4 3 5 6 2 1000. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. Competal Park of Lock South Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road for the racing schedule. 503 entities operate holding hands on Ergebnis on And in Zach and Beast and Josh Friedman returns and battle over who's going to eat screw ends in? Who wins? Then I wake up in a cold sweat. What a thought, man. I think I would come back to see that. Screw ends set on a plate. Sounds like I've learned to me. Anyway, but you even load a like, oh, Jay, I've never heard him confagulate about that, but I'm not even he's got nothing but this thing. Even in a guy who's like almost universally, this reviled like mole. Am I right? So move it to see him, just because O.J. on that show? Not really. Really? Might be other like, Tumpin for a little information about that tomorrow. Or just asking with you questions. Anyway, we got the mad dog next to you about any key for the Humphrey for the Saturday night. Bye-bye! Hey, no. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. And off of the suckin already. AHHH! Hahahaha!