Hey, don't be checking out my good buddy Mold y'all Hey, I'm gonna get love and spanking if you don't like it sweetheart Is that thing were you? No Hurry I told you I was gonna see won't that work Uh-oh ah Death will lead to burn What's with those rockers? Yachters stay alive They don't have what you mean against it What's the point though, getting sad? Why is it going? Oh, come here, Shiba We'll find the nicer part of town They'll try to save me now They'll tell me if I call you this day They'll change my name to try to do We'll find the best part of town Hello to you at 5.60 WJM happy Tuesday First of all, Panthers hired Geldey I wasn't going to talk about that at the beginning Because we got bigger fish to fry Since he mentioned that, he's got that Alleged contraption times with a mole man Everybody's like, let's strike at the mole man While Eirin is hot Yeah, don't you think? Why not? Sounds like a little contrived controversy To me, just like I think about the goddess Even Eirin America, oh, she really leaving now Just another publicity stunt It won't help, it won't help There it go and under I give him another month or two at tops See, it helps if he had money when you start something like that If you pay your people I mean, I don't want a nitpick But it helps if he had enough money Do the operation right And like the heirs and people We have broadcasting people in what a concept I realize Maybe W.J.A.M. Some day will take up on that idea Have some real broadcasting people As opposed to people like Todd Dreck run And around a building Do you get that copy yet? You talking to me? Nah, ha ha ha ha Oh, I guess I'm going to have to get my pan sharp And up to strike those two out again today Man, oh man, that is really pathetic, Todd You are just when I thought I realized How low he was lower than a snake He's about 400 yards beneath the snake Under the ground, someone in the middle from here to purgatory You are the worst, Todd Anyway, Panthers hired guilty gild steam rights very jackass And he moved overshadowed by the Panthers front office shake up yesterday The team named Steve Gild steam, it's radio play by play and answer as expected He replaces the dodging old retiring jugs McDonald I've always wanted to play by play Uh, the said gild steam has been the team's pre game radio shrieker on July M since 97 I've grown real close to the Panthers over the years Hockey is the most challenged to do on a radio because of the speed of the game Gild steam 34 is announced now I want you to understand his qualifications for the job, okay? K. Yild steam 34 has announced two hockey games in his life Both in a fill and roll for the Panthers He announced football basketball in La Crosse As a student at Syracuse University at Cuse Despite the fact that I have limited play by play He announced the Panthers showed a lot of confidence in me said Gild steam, who will team with Randy Redass red deer mower They could have hired somebody from the minor leagues with more experience But they thought what else I brought to the table was just his impotent Gild steam said he'll make numerous appearances in speaking gauges And some behalf of the team Well, what does that mean? Who's he going to be speaking to? Uh, fans? On behalf of the team? Sure, he said he'll continue doing his morning show Now that see that line there by Barry Jackass That is what absolutely Absolutely But the chicken and woodpile as far as Moe is concerned He will continue doing his morning talk show for now But we'll leave the long term decision to W.J. and the Panthers It's not his show And I for once and very believe me I'm heart pressed whoever we were the moment What at low life a piece of turd But in this particular case he's got a point What kind of crap is that Barry? You little idiot? It's not his show It never was his show never would be his show All the members once upon a time back in the day Remember that? When he and Norma can't we're like plotting and planning Oh, I think it's going to be my show And I'm going to take over to show And I'm going to be on for like five and a morning till noon I don't remember that Yeah, you do He brings with him a dedication and passion for hockey And the Panthers did Michael Yormark The Panthers chief operating officer Gildy's commitment to this software community has been proven through years of volunteerism and fundraising Which is something that is imperative with our organization Especially volunteering persons we have got no money Among those Panthers who were from the job was Craigman or Vini Fox Sports and that's Panthers host I'm disappointed he said I was born for that sort of job I wish Steve the best But that's a shot isn't it? Little bet I'm disappointed I was born for that sort of job I wish Steve the best That is a real backhanded under the table A kind of Common if he asked me like a little shot A little shot or stuff And by the way Craig the unit deserve the job Even Gildy is squeaky as he is At least he's got some qualification What they'll do you know about hockey Just because you suck your wind that pregame sure whatever it was Come on Craigman or Vini who are you kidnating watch on in a first place God Anyway Here's the pull result From my yesterday Which of these best describes what you believe as in The Lord is watching your selection here 1743 votes Probably more now but I printed this out I'm not doing it again Which of these best describes what you believe It's all a pile of bullshit meaning religion 717 For over 40% 41.1% Des audience think religion's a pile of crap a pile of a crock I'm agnostic I don't know for 126 24.4% of the audience who are sufficiently intimidated not to say that they it's a pile of crap There is a hell and we're living in a 2011 There is a heaven and a hell 181 Oh my Armageddon is coming soon 83 4.7% of the audience are crazier than a bedbug not to be rounded up before noon There isn't heaven hell and a purgatory 72 and there is no hell only heaven 53 Isn't that soothing in common? In other words if that's the case then what he got to lose right Go out and screw your brains out have a good time steal your neighbors Uh, whatever he's got Car Have a great time Do a cross country if he rob a few banks along the way because there's no hell But there's a heaven. Oh how wonderful But of course if you're a bad person maybe just won't get to have anything about that Well, if you follow the formula you will no matter how bad you are I'm speaking what's that? How'd I do that? I did the Bob is moving some stuff around but that least it shows the phone works Now I don't want to like pee on anybody's parade Especially I'll present your president who I did not watch last night But we've seen play the clips this morning where he was talking about Abu Ghabara Abu Ghabara Abu Ghabara Abu Ghabara Abu Dhabara like that Or you talk about illiterate you talk about and even when he can pronounce the word he always says it in this very Potantic way so like like you hear that I actually said a word I mean it's got more than one syllable and then rock up and down when you say something like you just did good Yeah Oh brother it is just a scary but speaking a scary now didn't he say in that speech last night That because they showed a clips this morning which you can't avoid is everywhere He said it's talking about Abu Ghabara but it's up for a person He said I invaded I said American troops even see invaded I said American troops do rack to protect the American people And now what he said something like that along. Carefree is pretty damn close. Well, I haven't only didn't work too good because Reuters just reports only moments ago Al Qaeda's got more than 18,000 militants ready to strike and the US law occupation of Iraq has accelerated recruitment of the ranks of Osama bin Laden To his network a leading London think tanks said today just like Osama predicted go ahead make my day Right right and he got sucked right into this trap Al Qaeda's finances were in good order. Its middle managers provided expertise with Islamic militants around the globe And Vid Laden's drawing power was as strong as ever the international institute for strategic studies the IIS said I don't like that SS I can nervous when I hear that SS it warned in its annual strategic survey Uh oh SS that al Qaeda would keep trying to develop plans for attacks in North America and Europe and that the network ideally wanted to use weapons of mass destruction Meanwhile, soft targets in covering Americans Europeans in Israelis and eating the insurgency in Iraq will do the institutes In other words, they're satisfied with that for the time being until they get to the base stuff Galvanized by Iraq have compromised by Afghanistan al Qaeda remains a viable and effective network of networks it said The IIS said al Qaeda lost its base after the topic of the Taliban in Afghanistan late 2001 But it's since adapted to become more decentralized virtual and invisible in more than 60 countries The Afghanistan intervention offensively hobbled but defensively benefited al Qaeda It said the institute said 2000 al Qaeda members in more than half of the group's 30 leaders I've been killed a captured the IIS said the 1000 al Qaeda militants estimated to be in Iraq ray my new fraction of its potential strength A rump leadership is still intact a rump break them still intact and over 18,000 potential terrorist are at large With the recruitment accelerer again a kind of Iraq the IIS says I said it gave no source for the figure Let me say it again recruitment is accelerating on account of Iraq The Iraq attack that's what it accomplished for us besides losing all those hundreds and soon to be thousands of lives And the thousands of Iraqi lives and all these other things in turning the world against the state is like poison But it also accomplished the accelerating recruitment on the part of al Qaeda all the terrorist organizations Somebody should have said that up front. Oh Pert reported video and audio tapes by been a lot of appeared from time to time to spot the US light man huntsets the 911 attacks on the air Come Washington to capture him dead or alive Beladians charisma presumed survival and lucid elusiveness enhanced al Qaeda's iconic drying power the IIS B. Sam It said al Qaeda was reported to be exporting extremism on a global scale with middle managers providing planning logistical advice material and financing the smaller groups in Saudi Arabia They should only croak hubman dreared and Morocco and probably Indonesian Kenya The double I SS had the Madrid train bombings and Marseille just it al Qaeda now had fully reconstituted and headed sites firmly said on the US and its closest allies in utopia end of tail end of that sad sad tail How do you like that I Don't we can make all the speeches he wants but he's got us really into a deep into the wood pile man and with no idea how to get out Hey anybody want to keys it's almost a June 30. It's just about a month away Anybody want them? In fact the ones that want them they're the ones that we don't want to want them. That's a quantum leap Twelve in a saffron attended five sixty wq and we got mad dog back at two today We got the hopper the Hebrew hammer spline in right now is on the plane look at the sky. It's a plane Kind of tilting off to one side. I must be where hangs in Hank will be on for the saffron until sixty five when we got the Marlon undecting Marlins at the reds Seven ten Marlins kicked ass. They went through out of four from Zona. Well what a terrible crowd yesterday Josh Hey, what are you gonna do that one now? That's pathetic. You see what the box score said We got forty thousand before you know what the box score say that was Randy Johnson and Dantro Willos Okay, what did the box score say for yesterday one oh five on a son. I almost summer afternoon Ten thousand yeah, which means it will like six or seven thousand people really there maybe Yeah, pretty much boy that is embarrassing that is humiliating and degrading Oh, but it's one of the afternoon on a Monday. Yeah big deal I'll help you hide for the people to come there comes play most of their games games home games in the daytime and half for years And they'll excuse people take off from work on her where home a day game like that not in south Florida though Bastards anyway Marlon's at the reds seven ten and I'd follow by Eddie decay If you're still a little reluctant to buy your better with the phone why you afraid of that because for over twenty five years millions of people Including me have dialed one eight hundred MAT T R ES for the best deal in the world on the best name brands in vetting It's the easiest possibility to get you a great night sleep There's absolutely no risk because if it's not perfect in every way in a mattress tube Just call them back for a full-competition change. It's completely free within thirty days But third man no extra fees no strings attached dialing actresses right number one in the world in customer satisfaction And it were winners of the two thousand foe better business bureau local torture excellence award There's none better when you call one eight hundred mattress you get the best prices on the best brands Would live re on your schedule when it's convenient for you and the best customer service in the business Why would you waste your time and money sluffin from showroom to show them it's total waste diala mattress has the complete line of ceiling Sir, a king coil Simmons temper pedic and even stern some bananas foster from candle the steward Palm Beach to Ford Myers diala mattress can deliver the finest betting in the universe But you have to just make that one easy call and then leave it up to them call one eight hundred mattress That's one eight hundred MATTRASR online its mattress dot com Don't like all the hard burn Don't go to the home every time I see Don't go home every time I see Don't go home every time I see Don't go home every time I see He's president Replicate muscle in our ticket It's idiot I don't know why They won't want to die but not easy First rule of the four year With president You got a man by hooker and frog with Chris You and I will help you We've got a great leader here With president What's up What's up Oh that's some of the things that's written on Rick Sanchez out to live first by by Rick Sanchez How do you like that? Ricardo Sanchez, audio's he's a ghost Well, we got a lot of stuff here today, you know what? Well, better talk that president spoke last night You watch it? No, you watch it? No, chai No, so that's over three not a good batting average right there I wish I had Why is that so that I could cut that fumble ball? Yeah, you see it I'm a good one It was beautiful thing Anyway, let's get to important stuff like who's naked do that I mean who's on our behind-the-beated curtain right? Lara Flynn Boyle Is there? If you're over the age of 72, you got 42 pieces of ID John Ascroff will maybe pray for a quick peek And the picture too Lara Flynn Boyle was born March 24th, 1970 which makes her 34th My math is correct to 21 year old Sally Boyle For Sally in young Lara money was not plentiful So Sally was a credible three job in addition to raising baby Lara by herself Since Lara was mostly around Sally they developed a bond that still binds Lara and Sally today Until recently Sally lived with Lara Now they live only ten minutes away from each other growing up Lara had many struggles including Dislexia and learning disability still She couldn't let that get to where she knew she had to be strong She find a graduate that they after doing so she and her mother Sally moved They drove home or would be the road to fame She soon might have movies Rolls and movies like Porter Guy's three and Wains World Since then she's become a prolific actress about the small and big screen She likes to play big ball and small ball She's got the two tattoos She's got a Celtic cross under left ankle And why do we say Celtic by the way do we know? No Celtic Celtic No no it's Celtic and a shamrock near her left pelvic point In other words I know what it is but I just don't know why it is Move to LA with her mother the day after a high school graduation Boy she and Sally a pretty tight you know it Apparently Educated T. Chicago Academy for the arts mother is her assistant still even now Was Mary was named rather after the a Julie Christie character inductes of Aguahance Lara's theme remember Lara's theme so where my yeah audition for the role of Halle McBeal Uh grew up in Chicago Reportally was a passenger in Jack Nicholson's Mercedes when the car collided with another car in the Hollywood Hills July 8 1999 she was dating David Spade at the time All I'm so sorry And Reportally fled the scene for fear of being seen romantically with Nicholson She's dyslexic we just heard about that as young shrouds who was extremely shy Data Jack Nicholson, but this is the worst this is from IMDB no less which use that can counter as a good crap God her sag screen actors car guild card working on Ferris Boulas day off even though all of her on screen line wound up on the cutting room floor Oh no I'd be like that So I'm at L. if you believe this she's never been married I guess huh? Oh, yeah, she's divorced She was married to John Patrick D. the turd from 66 96 and 98 but it's not divorced So there you go a little mini bio on Lara Flynn Boyle who's there naked as a jay bird on Theorogis dot com behind to be decirting today. That's what you got here's our poll question today WQAM hello What is it? Yes, good as you a m Yes, can I leave a message for Neil? Sure. What is it? Celtic is the American pronunciation right as embossing cell list Is embossing cell fix? Yeah, and Celtic just a Scottish productive. Well, the hell would discuss man. It won't run around like a bunch of pansies with those damn killson Yes, but we have uh, flaminges and we have uh, Sean Connries and little things like that But other than that, yeah, we walk around in our kills. Okay, don't do it anymore. Hang in put away those high socks to their silly Yeah, well, I like the fassles on the side That okay see And what's the story would print Charlie what why does he run around like that? He's not Scottish He's a Nazi man. He's part of the Batonburg clan. He's got a little Scottish in it is what I guess it wouldn't surprise me Rectom. Oh, speaking of that stuff is getting all checked out today. That was at the rectum doctor Who should we check fuel relax once again Oh Anyway, here's our poll question today. What bothers you most about George W. Boy, that certainly covers a lot of territory But I got six choices on here. Oh, and there's a big chemical plant fire in Connries, Georgia. Yeah, Connries Now, do you remember Connries, Georgia what was going on there? Wasn't it a bird and Mary thing or a virgin Mary siding right? She was she was stopping another one then drive through his head to bank Well, you know, if you've been a travel award you got to make a lot of withdrawals Yeah, right I was gonna say something about deposits, but I guess we better not and how come all the other radio shows we are informed are using the espag and debug words things like that and we are not We're gonna find out about that this week. We're gonna get all these things straight now. You know I'm talking about all of these things right because they didn't ask Joyce if they could Yeah, they'd nice Joyce over in Naples or somewhere in a West Coast some nose picker if they could say espag What a crock a crap, you know, it's not it's not bad enough that we have things that we can't play anymore. It can't say anymore. Can't do anymore But what do we have to company that's like really doing the deep knee bends? Well, of course, we know why What bothers you most about George W. Boy, she's a crock. He stole a 2000 election That that's all one He's a moron He's a dangerous religious fanatic He's just a face man for neocon extremists. He's divisive and hate-mongering or nothing. He's a great leader Which at the moment has got 13.6% 12 people in this audience of the first batch of votes on here. How many votes we got so far? 88 And 13.6 says nothing bothers him about George W. Boy, she's a great leader You people need very, very serious mental help. I'm gonna tell you right now. Okay, this man is dumber than a boxer He's better than saw us Abobimbo prison He's a compulsive liar. He's easy doing making human sacrifice I guess maybe that's the religious thing coming and you know what that is a religion without human sacrifice I bulls all for it even Miguel likes to nail a chicken on his door every morning. He said or a mizz is a right or both In fact, if you nail a mizz is over to chicken. You've got a covered So I'm here and especially if you covered all up with a big burka then you really got a maid and if you were if you do it while you're wearing your magic under Where then? I know but it can touch you then and if you shave your headball then where that purple outfit over your magic underwear Then you're made an asshade trust me when I'm telling you even Joe Pesci was never made like that 26 page 10. Do I sound like I'm really on a rule today? I am good. Let's be that guilty crap Oh, and look at this once again. Goddwrek strikes tear in the hearts. I'm looking at my log As Todd just can't get the job done They just honor them over at Naples is our highest building sales. Oh, what's going to show you what the hell they know about broadcast Holy cow, Aaron's coming Mary Now the property pants on you and the power you possess Did you say in life with your lights? Is there light? Keep that a God boy You're too old There's a lot of people You have a brand new style too We love the way you fuck your shoes With the make the underges and the streets like this We'll bet they go to our own fair Who's with the beat of the same? Send the bad guys straight to hell We're building stars too low We know we'll get the same crush you got with my heart Oh, I'm sorry Oh, can't 31 speaking of Hey, just a good effect from a good friend Ian from away So we're at Mohawk Raceway here in Toronto It's a starting here that Carl Allen died yesterday It's sad day and heart is racing and you are absolutely correct Ian Carl Allen You used to be a blacksmith, did you know that? No, I had no idea had two first names and some white odd and whose other son It'll come to me anyway. It's Fred's a lot of great trotters also and he was just a great the horseman And we're still driving at the age of 70 or four as a matter of fact I guess today didn't know that thanks for the bad news Ian and good luck to you, okay? Touch that dial after steering now that this is one of the most amusing things that you send me this fact This is hysterical old the hell in ancient Ron I don't know if they get through because it's kind of a long sheet over here I don't know and I think it's so no the whole thing came through Ashley fans, anybody know who that is? No, Ashley fans Now first we had Howard Cohen writing about radio in a business section about how big one or six didn't have any decline Losing Howard's signature which was the biggest pile of crafts in Stoddrecklock in the QAM And now we got Ashley fans, see they don't really have anybody there right about radio Of course we're supposed to have somebody at the Sun Sentinel who does Tom's dick of it He's too busy writing about the same shows going off the year eight many times What was it was the one went off last week? Frasier? Frasier? How many columns did Tom write about that? Bob, third man! You're a loser man, you're strictly out of touch, you're just your hopeless, okay? When the really big story strikes, when the radio station drops off the face of the globe And drops from a nine one share in February to a one point eight or whatever was in March And you're like totally lost even though mugs you gave you the numbers still can't write about it Lost in the land of the lost Tommy Tom about dick Casper but a great radio guy who wasn't a mark he writes about Rick Casper And you just hang got a Tommy, okay? You're strictly bush league baby Anyway, Ashley fans writes touch that tile after stirred a new AM line up AM meaning morning, not AM on your dial, of course Preparing for their Monday morning commute, many self-lifidians tuned in the 94.9 Zeta If I'm to listen to Paul Casper and young Ron Bruer, did they really? No, probably was an accident As a matter of fact even when Sturmann off they went down they didn't gain How do you like that isn't that pathetic? Yeah, that was really sad only one other person I can think of in that category Absolutely, I don't want to mention no namesmo Instead they heard the radio equivalent of comedy centrals the man show a testosterone So it beers wicking chicks and bikinis jumping on trampoline's kind of morning show Good bye Paul and Ron, oh there's one for book a bride good bye Paul and Ron I can hear it right now, can't you? Yeah, because you just hang it. Oh, who made their debut on classic rock station WVGFM Monday morning Hello, Lex and Terry seated put them on there to try to like salvage at least a tour of three share winner Yeah Well, I'm telling you because I've been mad they just vanished off the face of the globe. You'll see when a trend comes out on June the second I think it is Because that'll be March April and May which is all sternless on big and you'll see oh man It declined to let's wish nobody had never seen anyway. They viewed Monday morning. Hello Lex and Terry It says a 25 city national syndicate out of Jacksonville who's most popular bit drunk B-dash Fridays involves urging women to get nebreded on air You can put bitch in the paper Ashley They got to put the bead blank blank drunk bitch Fridays obviously. Okay, sounds like a rednecky thing to me sounds like Ron and Ron Jr People love that spot said Peter wept welton director of syndication for Lex and Terry WZC R a West Palm Beach Talk station It's part of the syndicate the latest ratings indicate that the do is the best thing to happen to the stations bottom line in years David Ross regional vice president of team channel which owns WZC R Zeta and big said the corporate and everything else Said the corporations yanking of Howard Stern and February from the big 105.9 and all other clear channel stations A middee heightened scrutiny that followed Janet Jackson's nipple very super more appearance left a gap that had to be filled a big gap Yeah, that's probably yours David Stern was the foundation of basilist who ship until the Monday switch the station been sampling morning shows from around the country Yeah, like you know something good like Bob and Tom that they want to put that on there. No, they got a couple of rednicks within advice show Stern with the foundation edges read that both Harley riders and some of salesman luxury managed to be edgy and aggressive without ever having been cited by the FCC Ross said I feel they understand what a sensitive time we're in the 32 broadcast you said they're they're careful about things Castor Nova 44 what he looks bad for 44 you know it For porch you think you could cause I ran into I ran in with the sagras on a Thursday in the bathroom at the a T room. He was drilling on glory holes. I couldn't believe it Castor Nova 44 of lighthouse point and brewer 39 who looks had not a day under 80 of Parkland said the leap to biggest the Monday. Wanted for a long time if that's the case how come it gets suck at a proper job at QAM Castor Nova digging cleaning Calling PD Lenny calling up mump calling up clearance calling up people called the janitor even the janitor left me notes have cast an over call about a job I'm getting older jokes castor Nova addressing Zeta's targeted younger demographic the 50 year old guy cannot appeal to the 18 year old guy. That's what you think sweetheart But then again he and rural continued their usual sticking including lots of dolphins talk and love connection a segment similar at tone format To the 70's television's horrible show by the same name with the anxious talk swivelry. It's a better fit for us, Bruce said it never they always said like when Jim a sarny that idiot in a Sunson will roll when they they stuck us on from 9 to 1 Oh new roges is a better fit at 9 o'clock. Yeah, right Jim. What how do you know fit this? How about my foot in your echo. That sounds like a good fit I say man. What a joke. What a market man. Oh brother house sad. Let's have a morning party. I'm not talking M.O.R. I'm talking with a you in it We'll say cottage for radio. It's dead baby radio is finito nice going bill Clinton and George W. Bush nice going there are all you people at the FCC They killed it they've butchered it they destroyed it. They evaded they devolved it They decatitated it they did a Nicholas Berg on it is what they did to the radio industry into your radio right now Paul and run to just reshuffling the same old tired crap. Why didn't they bring in Bob and Tom? They're great. Who they clear channel. Yeah, they they're on some clear channel stations. I believe I think they ought to be Christ almighty man Christ almighty motors. What's wrong with you people? Follows to zip they did try to punish like an SNMX. It says they want to punish the listeners in South Florida Anyway So that's the latest with that and then of course all those silly rumors about Randy's walking out on a remarkable which she's frustrated I'm sure that because they're not getting paid near equipment sucks and all of these things, you know, and they have no idea They have no broadcasters about the net pro and that project. That's a problem Would be like over on a pay a fishing tackle company with people who never went fishing in their lives. Something like that. Do you understand? What bothers you most about George W. Bush? That's our pool question today. We already have 244 votes. He's a moron 57. He's just a face man for neocon extremists 50 meaning wolf witch and pearl and chanie and Abrams and who'd I leave out? Whoever else I'm taking those guys. He's a dangerous religious for that. 39 nothing. He's a great leader 28 13.7% of the audience say nothing about George W. Bush deserves them It all he's a great leader follow right on the edge of the cliff. Come on. Why oh, it's just went down to 13.2%. He's a crook. He stole the 2000 election 25. He's divisive and hate-mongering six. You're going to say oh, you put so many negative category. Well, the one nothing. I mean, that's all encompassing. We don't need any more right right. If you think he's doing good, if you like him, if he think he's never stole a freight train, never knock that grud up in Texas, all these things. Then more power to you. If you think he didn't lie about those weapons of mass destruction about al-Qaeda being in bed with Saddam Hussein. That was just bad intelligence. Right. That's right. We're just like Roland Koolin said, oh, he's sorry. He apologizes. How about apologizing to those 800 dead Americans over there. How colon you idiot you sell out. This business. Oh, he's just being a good soldier. He's a sellout. That's what he is. And for some strange reason, man, he's like the Teflon Schwarz. I don't know what his deal is. Everything just rules right off his back like a duck. You know what I mean? Like a duck. Oh, colon Paul. We like colon. Well, based on what? Based on the fact that he lied at the UN, based on the fact that he set the state. He was the willing pawn for this administration for these lies for all these dead kids over there. For all the dead Iraqis thousands and thousands. It's probably about 20,000 by now. He emancipation by decapitation. That's what it's all about. Maybe they were just trying to liberate Nicholasburg. You think? It's part of our policy. Yeah. Emancipation by decapitation. Oops. There goes your head. We freed him from it. And let me tell you, you know, even bad guys have weddings. It's right. Why do you for 11 at 5, 60, WQM? Nobody wants to talk even think about cancer, heart disease. All of these go test things long disease. But it's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well. And most cases the treatment if he texted early. That's why I enthusiastically recommend you Hollywood diagnosis center. That was there about what is it? Three or four weeks ago, something like that. Few weeks ago. Had the full body scan and the heart scan. And they said, my God, he actually has a heart. And things turned out great. And you walk out of there with a tremendous smile on your post-knowing that you're in good shape. Or the other way around if you do have a problem. Serenade developing kitchen in time while still you can do something about it. Hollywood diagnosis center. Pride when out there. Virtual colonoscopy, which is so much less invasive than a traditional one. The coronary heart score in full body screening exams that can detect cancer and other life-printing diseases. In their early stages, you don't even need a doctor's referral to get this done. For all your imaging exams called High Wood Diagnostic Center at 9.5.4. 9.6.6.36. For the test I can give you and your family peace of mind and maybe even save your life. And no matter what your age, let's say you're like maybe in your 30s or 40s, but you have a history of lung cancer and your family and your smoker and any of these things. When a doubt go get it checked out. At Hollywood Diagnostic Center they offer state-of-the-art imaging equipment with open MRI, high-speed cat scan, nuclear medicine and much much more. Hollywood diagnosis center they know their stuff they've been serving South Florida for over 20 years. Their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you. So, call Hollywood Diagnostic Center day for your imaging exam set it up today. Please do it. Like I said it could be one of the most important calls you might ever make call in a 9.5.4. 9.6.36. I am local. We are sports radio 562 and QAM. Bracom. Now! The worst calling is the worst battery life. The worst one is the worst one. The worst one is the worst. The worst one is the worst. So why we not want to prove justice from our South Florida? You got a white one. You say you better or else. You got a white snake. I'm on a terrain to tell you. And you look soarse. Look how you're on a T-ние dock. You're the favorite of a total pike- celebrity who can play with him. Does everything in the United States is good? You can take your Log book off. You deal xox Stopwatchings. You're taking all out. Let's definitely officers speaking. We just won't talk about which price of usually if we want to make call in a 9.5. the power that's been paid our Lord God for the better of his case. And if I'm wrong, he'll have time to go home. The best of the day. They want them back in fight. The best of the day. And I go worse than I said. The best of the day. The best of the day. The best of the day. The best of the day. The best of the day. The best of the day. The best of the day. At 47, it's been a gully. I've just mentioned in briefly. How many people we have? We have our hockey fans in some sort of a lot of other things. Any organization, a massive house cleaning as Rick Dudley is out. I thought he was going to be the savior of the organization is what they were taught in. He was the architect of Tampa Bay, which are in the Stanley Cup finals, which starts tonight. And Yati Adiati, but he's out. And being an obstacle or a shock, more than ten, who was a canned and outer. Well, because he gets a team to play real good during the regular season. And then they choke by crazy and a playoff. But the Panther fans, we will have to be happy if they just made it to the playoff. So I guess he's the perfect guy. He's going to be the new coach. And Mike Keenan comes back again. How do you like that? Oh, you ready for that? George? No, I'm not ready for it. Mike Keenan is the general mangrove this time. I think it'll never be ready for that. No. So we got a new broadcast or new general manager and new coaches. Anybody in South Florida care? No. Stanley Cup finals tonight. Calgary at Tampa Bay. How much we got a whole bunch of people from South Florida over. Head over to Tampa for the game tonight. Don't you think? No. Oh, yeah. You want to go on right now? See, here's the, what five is you most about George W. Bush? I bet we're going to get a lot of votes on his 275. He's a moron 74. He's just a face man for neoconic stream of 69. Of course, most of these are all, you know, just choose the one. He's a dangerous religious fanatic 53. Nothing. He's a great leader 40. 14.5%. Oh, my God. Wow. That is staggering. Aren't you shocked? He's a crook. He stole the 2000 election 29 and he's divisive and hate mongering 10. I guess those 40 people never read a book. They don't read the internet. They have no idea what's really going on in the world or more likely they don't really want to know. And of course, whatever books they probably read are the ones by David from Stuff like that. Matt Fudge. This kind of crap. Let it anyway. And then whatever they read on units, probably like a Fudge report and the newsmax.com and the free report.com. All of these other are crazed. They're right. We were speaking of crazed. They just showed that thing and is it in the jaw. I believe where they had the little damage to the one of the holy temples in Iraq. Yeah, there was a bit of a scratch on the pain. There was a scratch on the gold there. Oh. And these people like smashing themselves in the head and they're crying in their hysterical. So I think it proves once again that the term crazed religion is redundant. Right. And of course, you see the people with their magic flying carpets in their throne themselves on the ground and the people at the wailing wall of orthodox Jews. I'm Tony man. It religious nuts you people scared a crap out of me. And the rest of you people ought to be scared to. I'm scared because that's what it's all about. It's crazy religious fanatics. That's what it's all about. And nobody wants to talk about that because they're scared crapless or religion man. You don't want to do it with a religionist. Be afraid. Be very afraid. Now, we ought to take call or two here to them. I mean, like yesterday we had a short show. We really took one to your forecalls. I'm like that. Maybe. And it was fabulous. So man, we had a great time here yesterday. Does I don't want to revert to read all these bedtime stories. But I'm going to. The spirit of Christ is compelling me. I don't know what it is. You better not revert. Pray bird. Well, too bad. I'm going to be doing a lot of this stuff here in the five months to come. Whether you like it or not, at least while I'm here. Of course you'll be on most of the summer. Thank God. Well, I was great yesterday. Two and a half hour show. Wait till Thursday. The pregame show starts at noon. Oh, man. Not that we don't want to be here the whole four hours to save the world from itself. But that's your nice reprieve. You know. Yeah. How about a QM? Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I've got a little suggestion for today's call. Uh, pull us close. Sorry. This is we don't need to pull build today. Okay. No, that's your speciality out there in the audience. No, they've to pull us closed. That's it. No news suggestions. If you were going to take any calls, it's going to be from people who actually have something to say, which I realize you better mark today on the counter because that could be the first time in his group of these show. But that's what it's going to be. Otherwise, I'm moving right on with my agenda. WDQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Hey, you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, listen. About six or seven years ago, you said me a hat. The front said Neil knows hockey. In the back, the Hank knows fat. I think we need to adjust that to something about guilty. Well, Geldi knows something, but we can't put the we can't say the word on the ear. You have a comment on that. Yeah. Neil knows. Go. Go. Just. I like that. You take care of that. I thought that's going to go news, fellas. Geldi sucks. Now we're picking out Geldi. Now he has broadcast two hockey games in his life. I think that makes him incredibly qualified. Don't you? Sure. We're not ready to remain the more man sucking up. Now Joe Rose gave us the real inside story there that Randy Moller was just really pissed off about the old Yeldi thing. It's all a big ego trip. It's just they're all fighting in the terrain like I'm a lot like our cat fight. You know, that's what it is. As if anybody really cares. Okay. Why? Why? WCWM? Hello. He's doing his Geldi play by play. Come on. It's a goal. It's a goal. It's a goal. It's a penalty. It's a flop shot. Cut it out. No. I'm in stereo. WCWM? Hello. Oh, Neil? Yes sir. There's a stipulation in Geldi's contract. And what is that? He has to sport a Mohawk. I'll see you in Mohawk. WCWM? Hello. In KWM? WCWM? Hello. WAM. WAM. WAM. I hear you. Is that like a recording? Are we on hold or something? Or let's do it on the other side. We don't have time for it. WCWM? Yeah, we're talking Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Pretty good. Didn't recognize your voice right over the little cell phone with you know. You know, I love your showing. It's calling if they can go over your model or whoever. But you can't even sound them a little embarrassed. You know, like maybe you're jealous that he got to job and you didn't get something. What is with this funny voice? What funny voice is this? We dish funny voice. Do you always talk like that? Absolutely. Why would I be jealous? What do I want to do the Panther games for? What the, I can't. I can't. I can't. No. All right. Well, whatever. Just come to Boston. We go. Thank you. Okay. Now get a real voice. And also, I forgot to mention this after the break. Don't send me any more faxes from Dave the comp. I saw it. I thought maybe it might be interesting. And then before I read it, it was a whole page. And at the bottom, Dave the cop. Get your own show, Dave. Okay. Now I'm tired of this, Greg. We get the same stuff from the same people. I mean, the good faxes. They sent a short little blurb. And if we want, we read him if not, that's okay. But Dave the cop. This is one of the fearful people I did once I was on show. Good luck to you. Okay. Here. Clear. Chems. Got a lot of openings. Go save some people, Dave. What kind of a cop is got to time to sit down or write that kind of garbage, right? South Florida. Another cop, hot coffee under it, good. Dunkin donuts. Which we hate Dunkin donuts on this show, like poison. WM Hello. I didn't want to learn. WM Hello. Oh, the food in law. WM Hello. Any fake, any. WM Hello. Any yellow. Okay. Hi. WM Hello. New. Yes sir. Hey. So you kept mentioning, you know, a lot of the Jews are, for abortion so far. Yeah. Two months ago there was an article in the Sun's Endal, where like 38% of them are supporting, you know, George Bush and so forth. And there's a guy that calls you once in a lot of colleges, you're in a semetic or tells you, you want to call the Arabs and stuff like that. And it's funny. I've heard him on Richard Pearl show, who is Richard Bush and Cora. I've heard him on a ruka every time, you know, because he. He's a ruka. Right. And it's just, it's just that, you know, he gets around on trying to say, but I got a nickname for them. Yes. How do these Jewish Nazis? Okay. I like that. You want to get him going, you call him a Jewish Nazi, because they're just doing the same thing with Germans here to do and, and you're actually, what are you doing? I might be as portnay, uh, oozy and have a great day. What do you say? How's that pull coming? Take a look at it. And weep. What bothers you the most about George W. Bush? It's a good pull question, especially on the day after that speech that none of us watched. 336 votes, but I do wish we would have had that clip about Abogul. He's a moron 91. I mean, that's obvious. Just looking at him, anybody can see that. He's just a face man for a neocon extremist 85. That's close. He's a dangerous religious fanatic 65. Nothing bothers me. He's a great leader 46, 13.6% idiots. He's a crook. He stole the 2000 election 36 and he's divisive and hate-mongereath 13. And by the way, though, same 46 people who say that he's nothing bothers them. They would take it that Bubba is just a degenerate and he was a, uh, es bag, which we can't see on here. But we will starting next week. You'll see. Or even sooner. Es bag, es bag. 1056, it five five six the WQAM. You know, some are times outflow to guarantees three things. Heat humidity hurricanes and probably a fourth. The ski does the size of bowling balls. You can't control the weather. You can't control high protect your home during hurricane season. Florida, Newcone, Hurricane Chutters and Stahl Chutters and over 3000 homes in South Florida over the past decade. From panels, accordion rolled down or Bahamas shutters. Florida, Newcone, Hurricane Chutters makes it easy for it. It's luck to hurricane protection that your home needs. Call 9 5 4 8 6 8 49 39 39. For your free home estimate, if you own a two story home, you know how much trouble it is using a ladder to put up your shutters. Practically, a break your neck or maybe to actually do it. Florida, Newcone, now offers a new steel panel system designed to be installed from the inside. I'm second floor windows, but no need for ladders. Leaving give your credit for your existing hurricane protection toward any new purchase too. So call Florida, Newcone, Hurricane Chutters today and now is absolutely the time to do it. Call 9 5 4 8 6 8 49 35. That's 9 5 4 8 6 8 49 35. Florida, Newcone, Hurricane Chutters providing South Florida hurricane protection over the past decade. My life and love this is for Trial Pysic. You and your family have the button button. On the next episode of the show, guilty young steam stars as Vic Mackie. I got not the state of your matter. You're a fan fan of very big fans. I'm gonna find your face at the stovey. And you know when you go to the faces off with Captain Moe. I don't think this is a sure of you doing the guy. Yeah, that's right. And I want to keep it on the right. See? I don't want nobody to know what went on there. Give me my career. You're a sacred state with me. Good. Good. Hey everybody. Captain Moe put the moe in home home. Captain. Oh, oh, oh, oh. 11. 11. 5. 60 W to kill. Yeah, why is everybody picking on four guilty today, huh? Throng with them. Anyway, here's the facts from Jane who says, just wanted you to know that I went to borders to see if I could find spitting on the axis of evil. And according to their records, the book, which was published in December 2003 is How to Print. Well, guess what? I don't buy it. So I just did buy it a couple of months ago right here at the world's largest books there in Toronto. If it's not a print, how could I have bought it, right? The only place I could find is she says was Amazon.com, the paperback version. Too bad that is if it says great as you said is it is more readily available. A, well, it is available Amazon.com. So get where that Jane. A. I found it. Grab it. Get it. You are everybody ought to be reading it. Anyway, this thing that you just backed me, this is unacceptable. A new bill introduced in Congress last month wants to allow parents to take the lawn to their own hands every time children are exposed to material that they feel as objectionable for miners to see here or read, as far as individual responsibility for get about it, okay? The Parents Empowerment Act introduced by Republican Congressman Duncan Hunter of California, April 20th, would let miners or parents on their behalf, superducers of entertainment products that are deemed harmful to miners. So in other words, the parents have no responsibility if the miners accidentally turn on Debbie does Detroit, then we're going to sue somebody. We'll sue Debbie Boone. I'm starting sueing now. Right. We'll sue the old Boone in the box. And by the way, who facts you that stuff mark our chronic facts from Mark? We don't care what Pat Boone says, okay? We care about the Boone in the box only because it's mildly amusing and very small. But other than that, nobody cares what Pat Boone has to say, okay? Jesus, God, Mark. Each and every day, millions of children ask us the internet, other interactive entertainment products that Congressman Hunter and A. Press release regarding the bill, as this number increases more and more of our nation's children are unexpectedly entragetly exposed to pornography. Poorography. Poorography. Oh my God. Wow. Like most Americans, I firmly believe that those responsible for the current threat of obscene material effects should be punished for distributing such material to our children. And what are the effects of pornography I would ask in the answer is? Oh, yeah. Well, they're still working on that. And what is this other thing you just asked? Is this of any interest whatsoever? I don't know. You need to translate it. Watch out. No, I don't have time to stuff it. I have no time for that crap. Okay. In other words, if it's something that we can understand, don't waste our time with it. So, okay. I got a whole pile of really important stuff here, which I know most of you don't care about, because most of you got the IQ of a fruit fly, but the rest of the people do care about. So speaking of important stuff. Yes, for a good time. And it is a good time. Call Ron. Crazy Ron. Yeah. Which I have been doing during the last break. Oh, good. You got his number. Great. Boy. You want it? Sure. Absolutely. Are you kidding me? I'm kidding me. Talk about somebody who desperately needs to interact. Let's go. 5, 4, 4, 3, 0, 3, 8, 2, 7. Okay. Crazy Ron. Do you want it to? Hi. I'm the pros that kid. That's how he's the phone, too. He does he really? Yeah. He has his own. Like that? 9, 5, 4, 4, 3, 0, 3, 2, 7. Yeah. Well, maybe you want to keep him entertained today. He'd love to hear from me. I'm sure he's a little lonely over there, but I only would have him as bottle of pros that can his head between his cheeks. So maybe you want to get a Ron on the horn. Okay. I'll say, hi. Yeah. He will. Yeah. I'm sure he will. What father is you most about George W. Bush's are pull. And of course, the audience should know that we already years ago went through a whole round of machinations with Ron and all his pros and problems. And thought that we had him like stuff back in the bottle again, but just like Gene, if you know, and when you list expected, he pops right out. All he's got to do is just walk away. Okay. That's right. But he can do it. 388 votes. What father is you most about George W. Bush? We're going to get over 400 votes in the first hour on this pool. How do you like that? That's pretty impressive. If he asked me, if he asked an old far like me, and by the way, Castanoba, if a 44 year old guy can't relate to 18 and 20 year olds, then how come your stealing the material of a 61 year old old far like me, huh? That's really, that really makes me wonder, huh? Why would you steal a material from a crusty old far like me or Rogers when he's 110 years old? And you're trying to appeal to 18 year olds. Come on, quickly excuses Ron, and whatever your name is, Paul. What is his name? They are so marginal man, so freaking weak. What father is you most about George W. Bush? He's a moron 102. He's just a face man for Neocon extremist 99. He's a dangerous religious fanatic 81. Nothing. He's a great leader, 51. 13.1%. That's an unlucky number when the election comes around by the way 13.1, 13.1 anything? And it's unlucky unless it's either Dan Marina or Matt Sundeen. He's a crook. He stole the 2000 election 41. He's divisive and diverse in perverse. He's divisive and hate-mongering 14. John Kerry, that's going to require the president to genuinely reach out to where Alis so the U.S. doesn't have to continue to go to loan a claim to stability at the end of the year. But if he said it was boring, John Kerry says something boring is that a bulldoin? No. No. No. No. I know we got a lot of great calls coming in and that's fine. But here's some, I'll interspersed the important crap. Oh, speaking of radio stuff. Let's get the radio stuff thing here first. Okay. Okay. Two things. We must. Before I get to who that been lawden's leave you as Bush refuses to answer the 9.11 commission's queries. He wouldn't answer that question. That's something. Well, Bill Clinton and Al Gore were stuck overseas and couldn't get a flight. They've been lawden family on the 14th of September 2001. They were all being quietly escorted out of the USA. Huh. And we still don't know why or who decided that or who told the FBI only maloned on us. No questions. It's like that. See, if the people who are the, see, it's no wonder that the religious nuts are also the Bush people that were public in extremists. There's no wonder because they're idiots. They just accept them. What a coincidence. No, listen to me. Whatever is told to them don't confuse this with any facts. Whether it's the religious god, but they go, they can't reason. They have no ability, no mental ability to reason things. In other words, to read a bunch of conflicting things and try to come to a conclusion of their own. Just brainwash me, please. Just keep brainwashing. Keep pouring at the, that the, the happy, okay, putting on my brain and brainwash me. And then I'll be fine. So the older expression don't confuse them with the facts. Could not possibly be more, uh, uh, appropriate than for these goofballs on the far right. The religious nuts. Let's see, here's Groundhog Z, whatever this is. It's as if a fan of yours in a fan of hip hop this week on South Beach. The Nazi-like police will be out in full riot gear. I'm begging you to please ask the police since they're going to be kicking ass anyway. Can they at least leave the local kids alone and arrest in the workers that come down here for hip hop weekend? That's a good idea. I'll rest all to the workers, okay, make them put like a badge under for it. And I'll have New York sticker on their ass, right? Right, or all the locals could wear something identifying like a, The same amount of New York, right, or a gold star on their lapel or a pink triangle. What? Does it have to be pink? That's, that's when I was told I got the met when I was down there that week I got the message in a mail. Mr. Rogers, you're going to be in Christ, Arangel. I first to be wearing a pink triangle on your for it and on each sheet of your actome ass. Attention men, right. That's the New Deal. Anyway, can we get back to this? Hey, all you cops down there, leave the local kids alone, okay? Leave the local sponsors alone and take the New York kids in the kick, kick their ass. Yeah, everybody if you're smart, just wear a t-shirt that says I hate New York or something like that. And then they'll know. Then they will fear you. Clear channel station suit for slander. This is some very good news. Anything bad that happens to cheap channels. It just makes a little, oh, like a twitch in my ass. The Boseman, oh, you know, Boseman Montana. Sure, do. He been there. Yep. I'll be there. College tower. The Boseman Daily Chronicle reports that a Boseman woman is filed suit against T-Tanal Communications, alleging that announces for Joe's junkyard, the morning show on K.S. K-I-S-N-F-M, Kiss and FM, slandered her 14 year old daughter in February. Oh, my God. A lawsuit file last week in Gallatin, Caleditist record also names local radio station, 96.7 Kiss and FM, which is owned by Clear Channel. As they defended in the case, the complaint alleges that announces called a minor girl derogatory and essentially explicit names after her name was spoken by a collar on ear to Chronicle says. Here's what allegedly happened. Here's the story. On February 16th, two days after Valentine's Day, the popular morning showing courage listeners to call the station and complain about former girlfriends and boyfriends would broken their hearts. And exchange those who called would have to, would get to have pooped a variation of Cupid, deliberate bag of extra-ma-excriminated heartbreakers home. During the program, a girl apparently called the announces revealed that her boyfriend had cheated on her with another girl. The announces asked the name of the girl that was set on the ear according to court records. The lawsuit also alleges that the announces referred to the girl as a slut, Hooker and Horror during the course of the broadcast to Chronicle reports. The girl's mother who was listening to the show went home to check on her daughter, not long afterward, pooped around the doorbell. The mother promptly ordered pooped off her property. Remember that song by Sam Cook? Poo-Poo-Poo-Ring, my bell, remember that pooped? Yeah, I did. In a prepared statement, Dave Cowen, Mark of Manager of Kiss and FM said the station sincerely apologizes for ending this scum, where the result of her call is disclosed during our local morning show Joe's junkyard. He ended that he looks forward to the correct facts being presented with a radio station and the owner filed a response in his suit. Longwood's slander, the lawsuit accused the station invasion of privacy, trespassing and inflicting emotional distress. How do you like that? Distress it a blue dress. I'll take the blue one, thank you. It's worth a fortune. WRKO-Talk host pens Boston Globe and Dyson Seattle, Torrell. Talk radio, WRKO Boston host Scott Allen Miller. You've got Scott. Road an interesting at a Torrell for the Boston Globe calling on the FCC to institute clear cut detailed guidelines for what it considers in Dyson Seattle broadcasting. Miller says that would on a specific rule book radio and TV stations are marred with confusion, Carson and uncertainty. And he is absolutely correct. The FCC's crackdown is against all broadcasts as not just a few famous shock jacks of rights Miller, the vast majority of us will obey the FCC guidelines if we only know what they were. With only a few cognitively FCC presidents but no official rules to go by, responsible radio station programmers have to guess about what is merely risking on what is truly risky. Meanwhile, careers and radio stations themselves hang in the balance. Miller also points out that the war on indecency is mostly being levied by the FCC, not by the American public. Of the estimated 9 million viewers of witness Janet Jackson's judgment now functionized commemorative Super Bowl about 530,000 people less than 1% of the audience complained to the FCC. On the other hand, increased viewership of satellite and cable TV, whose content is largely unregulated by the FCC, proves that most Americans are not pining for the days when only wholesome programming was on the idiot box he said, can we be completed into Robostive Globe.com. I go and Scott, you go boy. Yeah, most people aren't all I've said about seeing us in here anymore. You know what I'm saying? Oh, why not? I'd rather know it's best. 113 at 560WQ. I'm speaking of what's on the idiot box. Boom is TV, but not just regular TV. It's high definition TV delivered by satellite vision HD receiver. The picture is so superior to regular TV. You won't believe that the quality is like comparing the latest TVD to the first the kinescope we ever saw on your set. Boom is the only at like the test pattern. Boom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV. Boom is the most HD TV anywhere is, and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience including your satellite dish HD receiver and your mod as well of course. And boom has got over 30 channel. I've heard of that. Of HD programming, you can watch ESPN and high definition as well. That's three times more than you get from cable. And they've got all your other favorite channels too like HBO and TV even. Your local local channels too. Boom's got over 120 channels of great entertainment for you to enjoy. Boom even has exclusive channels of HD movies, music and sports that you can't even get from your cable satellite company. So with Boom you get all the stuff you got. Now plus all these awesome new high definition channels you can't get no place else. For the limited time offer call of Boom today at 1-866-84886-66 or check them online at Boom.com. This includes free installation, Noah from cost and no long-term commitment. But you better do it right away because the offerings may 31 which by my figurine is only six days away. Call them today 1-866-84886-666 or online at boom.com. My life and love this is portrayal by city. You way, you way, yeah. But the rules on a way would have been a big star. My life is a little bit sweet voice and it's not taken anywhere, a little cute, you too. We take you. I got you, this isn't the best. I don't want it. It's like I have come out of you. What? The more white you, the more you. Yeah, what about it? The more white I hate you. What do I hate? I like not being you. I want a time. You're tech to breathe. No, don't you know, please. No, don't you know. We're in a home. We're going to. Why you, why you're the smack you. Thank you. I know my smell attraction. I don't like that you. You still got some job. I feel just like that you are my favorite. And what you need to another. That's why you're so not buying. That's right, that's right. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm just thinking about that very jackass column this morning. I had a gully ruffle. There's a feather a little bit. Yeah, you know, who must have put that in there? Because who plants everything in various column? Who tells them what to print? You? I'll give you one clue boys and girls okay the answer it. Oh wait a minute. That's a good thing good thing. Good thing I look there. Great. Yeah. Greg Reed must have planted that so that's just another way taking a shot at you, Mo. That's what he's doing. You, Mo? No, you. Who let Ben Laden's leave you as Bush Reef refuses to answer 9K 11K commissions queries. The Bush administration has refused to answer repeated requests from the 9K commission about who authorized flights of Saudi Arab and citizens, including members of Osama of in Laudon's family from the US immediately after the attacks in 2001. See if we can't even get an answer to this. And what's the point of all the other crap you know what I'm saying? Sure. This is this goes right back to the very beginning. This goes back to right in the aftermath of 911 of that growth history that occurred on 9 level. What a bunch of Saudis attacked the US. What a bunch of the Bush families friends attacked the US. Former representative Lee Hamilton vice chairman of the independent bipartisan commission to expose the administration's refusal to answer questions on the sensitive subject. During a recent closed or meeting with a group of democratic senators according to several democratic sources. However, former Navy secretary John Lee, a member of public and appointee who also attended the meeting sitting in an email to the Hill that he told senators the White House has been fully cooperative. In other words, he lied. Democrats suspect President Bush, whom I privately with the Saudi Arab and ambassador Prince Van Darbe on Sultan bin Abdul Aziz, aka Van Darbe on the morning of September 13, 2001, may have personally authorized the controversial fights several of which took place when all other US commercial Arab and halted. The White House communications office did not return a request for comment. If Bush remembers of his inner circle or show to have approved the fight of the prominent Saudi Arabian citizens, it could be damaging to Bush who was state's reelection campaign in large measure to his carefully built images the steady leader of the war against terrorism. Senator Barberd, box who said she asked Hamilton and Lehman if they were able to fight out who in the administration authorized those Saudi Arabian flights. Who did this? Why would the Saudis want to go out of the country? They said those questions have been part of the inquiry and they haven't received satisfactory answers yet and they were pushing box who said. Another Democrat in the meeting who confirmed boxes accounted for that Hamilton said, we don't know who authorized it. We've asked that question 50 times and they will answer it. Box who said she obtained a commitment from Hamilton that the commission will state in its final report. If the White House refused to answer questions about who authorized the Saudi flights after the 2000-month attacks last month. The 9-11 commission released a statement declaring that six-terred flights that rushed the Saudi citizens out of the country were handled properly by the Bush administration. In a recent interview on NBC's meet the press, Prince Bander said he did not discuss with Bush they need to evacuate Saudi citizens from the US after 9-11. He said he asked the FBI permission. However, John Ian Aurelli, the FBI spokesman on counterterrorism activities has denied that the FBI had any role in facilitating these flights one way or another. Somebody's lying over here. Is he what I'm saying? Somebody's lying over here. No. There would be a Harvey, a member of the Family's steering committee, which represents the families of 9-11 attacks and the lack of the White House cooperation identifying who authorized the Saudi flights fit into a pattern. Pressure from the Family's steering committee was one of the several factors that prompted the White House to agree to the creation of 9-11 commission in the first place. I stopped being surprised about this a long time ago said Harvey, who's wiped out in the attack. They have not been cooperative, there's cooperation and then there's cooperation. Are they doing these things under possible threat of subpoena? Yes, are they actively fulfilling the spirit of the commission's request? No. The White House was opposed to the formation of this commission in the first place, Harvey said they did everything to noodle it. Earlier this spring when we tried to get more time for the commission to complete it through port the White House was an obstacle. On the afternoon of September now, much of it listened very, very carefully, those of you who've got any ability to think whatsoever, who are to much of brainwashed religions, waiting for armor getting to come, waiting for the Rapture. I think there's a better chance we're going to have a Rapture before Rapture, if you ask me, I could be wrong, you know what a cynical bastard I am. Right, I think there's going to be a Rapture before to any Rapture. You religious crazy people, you crazy bastards. The White House was opposed to the formation of this commission, and I already read that. I'm here, here's the important part, got it? All right. On the afternoon of September 13, 2001, three Saudi men in their early 20s flew in a rear jet from Tampa to Lexington, Kentucky, where they boarded a Boeing 747 with Arabic writing on it, waiting to take them out of the country. The flight from Tampa to Lexington was the first report in the Tampa Tribunal, October, was first reported in the Tribunal, October 2001. Earlier that day, the FAA had issued an notice that private aviation was banned, and that three private planes that had violated the benefit of it forced to land by military aircraft according to an article last year in Vanity Fair. The flight from Tampa to Lexington was one of several flights that Saudi raven citizen took an immediate aftermath of 911, when arrested the company was prohibited from flying. Many of the Saudis were members of the Saudi World family, or they've been lawden family. The New York Times has reported that den Laden family members were driven, or flown under FBI supervision to a secret meeting in Texas, and then to Washington where they left the country when airports were allowed to open September 14, 2001. Overall, close to 140 Saudis left the US and days after the attacks, even though 15 of the 19 terrorists who carried out the 911 attack were Saudi raven themselves. By contrast, prominent American such as former President Bill Clinton and former Vice President Al Gore were stranded overseas during crisis because of the freeze on air travel. Craig Unger wrote in his 2004 book House of Bush House of Saud, which I'm going to start reading today. That's in my pile. I haven't gotten to that one yet. I'm going to start reading it today. Just because I'm so pissed off and fired up about this. And so should the public be, but the public is, look at the word like that as usual, and the Democrats are, look at the look like that. Make it a little bit of the ways that's about it. Spineless, gutless, jellyfish, or allowing this carnage, this insanity, this slaughter to go on, that jeopardize, you know, that article about the 18,000 al Qaeda, weren't they telling us many many months ago before the Iraq attack about, oh, al Qaeda has had its head chopped off in area. They can't do this in their funding and stopped all the sort of bull crap. Well, if they were to keep going with that, and spread just a fraction of a hundred a billion and many, many more billions are going to flush down the toilet and erect. Maybe we wouldn't have no more al Qaeda. How do you like that? Maybe we'd have Osama, you mama. Maybe we'd have that al Saud area, whatever his name is. Al Qaeda don't have no oil. And alzarkawi did a reply with it without his leg. Was probably dead by the way. That was another one of those things. Well, just just a mixed signals there. CNN comes on here and says that their experts, which I think probably was sold at a brand, their experts decided that it wasn't alzarkawi's voice on that decapitation tape that you watched yesterday, the Nickberg thing. It wasn't him. And then albuscently, didn't have to. And the CIA said, oh, that was him. I mean, if Donald, I'm just going to talk about, can another dead man talk, right? There you go. Just like those people in that abubu, we'll do their prison. 27 past 11 at 5.60 WQM when you shop for quality footwear. One name should pop into your mind immediately. Brandy shoes and pop out of beach because they've got an unbeatable deal. I got great selection. Unbeatable prices and of course professional service. The people at Brandy's know your feet inside and on fact, they can probably recognize you just by the smell of your feet. At Brandy's shoes, you'll find the biggest lucks that men's of women's shoes in the universe, the best prices as well. At Brandy's they got all the names in the shoe business that you know and love and covet, like rockport, floor shine, SAS, spirit, timber, naturalizer, and all the others too. And with Brandy's humongous selection, I'll bet Greg Reed's life on it right now. I'll throw one clear as his well. That whatever style you're looking for when you're a size that's on the shelf, waitin' to slap on your foot right now. In fact, most of Brandy's customers keep coming back and usually by several pair on each visit. Brandy's is open daily 9-9 Monday through Saturday, Sunday's 10-5 in your find a bit 12-90 North Federal Highway in Pompidobits. It's always worth the trip because they save you so much cash and they've got exactly what you're looking for. All this wicked Brandy's take 20% off and all famous Brand's men's women's vote shoes, come in or to the store of visit online at Brandy's shoes.com. It's the news cafe where all your favorite news anchors are serving up dishes as hot as today's headlines. This is Tom Brokeau and I'll be your server this evening. Today's specials are chicken all-all-air a king and salmon Donaldson at the news cafe TV's most trusted reporters read your dinner order off of teleprompter. I'm your waitress, Bob Roboter. This Justin, we roll out of wolf winses but sources are recommending the KP Coic Kitch. Yeah sure but make it snappy I'm in a hurry. Okay but first is you or a tree? What kind of tree would you be? And the kitchen is always open late at the news cafe. I'm terrible, and this is the night menu. If you're hungry for hard news and great food then tune in to the news cafe. And then if you don't visit the news cafe, Albeys Man is a rain-done rooster. Cofer reservations. Proceeding his tag like a two-small bathing suit. Go to the two-long ride home from the beach. That's it. This place is harder than a new year. Love it pretty. I'm about 32, 28 till noon at 5, 60, every kilogram. Back to kind of a more normal schedule day. I've done the fact that little dog was on vacation so we had more into big dinner morning and keldi ate the tent. Touting his own patting himself on the back boy. Talk about embarrassed. I'm going to do the pants again. I'm going to do this. I'm going to take over the dog. I'm going to take over the dog. I'm going to take over the dog. I'm going to do a baseball and take it over from David and boring. I'm going to be all things to all people. I'm going to be big. I'm going to be a star. At squeaky gildy. I want to do those games. You know, that's the reason I'm picking on gildy is because I'm jealous. Right. I mean, you can't make it. I mean, you can see me coming back and staying the whole winter and south food and the traveling around the hockey games can't show. The games and the drive the show at the same time. Sure. Madrid. This really dis reminds me. It's like dizzy. Lou all over again. Remember our person of interest whose name escapes me at the moment. But I'm sure remember remember the anthrax investigation. Right. Stephen Hatfield. It just came very good. How do you like that? What is that? What is that? That was back during the anthrax investigation. And John asked her off than the Justin to barman said we have a person of interest. We are we're not charging with any. And then of course they got him fired from his job at LSU and they destroyed his life and how he's suing escrowed in the federal government. I hope he wins millions of, I hope he wins billions. Yeah. And let me ask you this. Do they call whoever anthrax to the anthrax stuff? No. Well, it's one of them things. Madrid bombings case to one out against Oregon attorney. Just another one of the cases of a mistake and identity. With a Muslim of course. A federal court yesterday throughout the case against the American lawyer once linked to the Madrid train bombings and the FBI expressed regret. We apologize for a fingerprint identification error that led to his arrest. At first of all, Scott is picture here. He doesn't look like no schmoth ahead to me. Brandon may feel I think Curtis may feel done it. Don't you? Yeah. I think they have pick up his ass. The court's action lets the cloud a suspicion that a surrounded attorney Brandon may feel since his arrest may six. The 37 year old convert to Islam sharply criticized the government after the announcement, calling his time behind bars, humiliating and embarrassing and saying he was targeted because of his faith. And of course, we know that he is Muslim and American and the ex-Officity was military. He said a new conference. I believe I was single out in the script. I think I feel as a Muslim. And of course, we know what kind of a gutter religion that is based on all these born again, not case, theologist out there don't wait. Right. Well, most of them is, you know, it's just it's pathetic. FBI and of course, that's what religion does best. It breeds hate, contempt, intolerance, that's what it's all about. And with very important things going on in the world like his planica keeps fit and around and all this other crap. Let's have it a men against gay marriage. Yeah, that's really important stuff. FBI officials speaking on condition of anonymity had said that may feel stinger print match one found on a bag of detonators. Near the train station in Madrid, Mark in March 11th, bombing which killed 1951 people in July 2000. But last week, Spanish authorities said the fingerprints of an Algerian man were on the bag, not Curtis Mayfield. Robert Jordan, the FBI agent in charge of a ragan said the agency regretted any hardship caused by the arrest. And said the bureau would review its practices on a fingerprint analizations. Oh, how do you like that? They may mistake. And of course, when this government admits they make a mistake boy, it's a cool day in Saudi Arabia. Jordan said the FBI's initial determination about Mayfield's fingerprint was based on an image of substated quality. In other words, it was like a smeared little, oh, that must be him. Substanted quality. How much did they had better fingerprints of OJ on Ron and Nicole's neck? What? Do you know I'm right? Yeah. Oh, but that DNA, you know who really belongs behind death row is that little shrek guy. What was very, very shrek. Mimes would drag ever seem to get a little tiled wreck. Oh, same percentage. And by the way, yeah, I just want to, I know this has nothing to do with I'm interrupting myself, which I have a bad habit of doing that, but it's one of those things when he gets to be old and feeble when the thought it is you mind waited out you better blurt it out. I'll get back to this thing in a minute. But I want to, I want to just pass this along to screw in when it go. Okay. That's the last time ever that I'm doing anything for you. Okay, bitch. You smelly nasty obnoxious bitch. She comes to me Friday. I'm trying to get that out of there because I'm leaving and I'm just anxious to be out of the building out of that town. And that's that badly. Please. Okay. Here's me a big hug. Oh, god. I had a run to the shower. Really you hugged? Yeah, you know, we hugged. I was holding up the finger behind her head, but that's beside a point. That's how grateful she was that I was willing to go along because she don't want to lose any money. And the main time did she get tied back to do his job? Well, she get him to do his job? No, no, it's a loss. It's a loss. He bring you that copy. I don't want to be speaking out of turn. Did he bring you that copy that we need desperately? No, no. The parents get on top of this. Is he since tough as out getting his a whole exam in today? Did parents get on top of this and get his yard not alone, guys. Yeah, that I want to be. Especially where you're concerned. Okay, Miss Muck. And he's the evening is occurred in way. May feel the former army lieutenant was released from custody last week after the finger print announcement by Spanish authorities, but it was not all together Clear to suspicion at the time the government said he remained a material witness and povers Christian on his movements. Those restrictions were left in yesterday when they find had egg on their post. They's all sorry Armistake our bad One of the documents that's going to be unsealed and an affidavit filed by FBI Special Agent Richard K. Wardner and support of the material witness arrest award. Sheads, some light on the case After a fingerprint analysis of their innate or bag wetting the word in a city was advised the FBI Lapse stands by the conclusion of a 100% positive identification Right the effort even also notes that may fields wife Mona was born in Egypt. Oh, that proves it. Uh, huh And then maybe you'll represent a Jeffrey Leon battle in child custody case battle later was among group of Portland men Who pleaded guilty to conspiring to help Belkata and the Taliban fight US forces in Afghanistan The document also notes one phone call between Mona Mepiel and Pete Cida also known as Peru's Siddagatti director of the US office of al-Harmin Islamic Foundation in Ashland The Bush administration didn't need the foundations a terrorist organization Steven Wax the public defender who represented may fields had mayfield may suit the government good you go boy. I hope you get billions too Lawyers for mayfield also said they would call for an investigation in the leaks to the media in the case as well as a proman weapon The IAXians and how the fingerprint could have been misidentified a gag order had been placed in the case Mayfield's mother is the family wants an apology from the US government They want an apology I like that 567.0560 pound five 60 your government and action again, baby. I want to get your whoop-a-wit think of that What bothers you the most about George W. Bush? That's our poll question today on the arrages.com and along with a what's your name? Lara Flynn Voill It's getting plenty of attention today. They're taking a puke at Lara. Lara whatever name is and they're we're taking a puke on our poll 524 votes He's just a face man for neoconic stream is 142 which is absolutely positively beyond the shadow but out correct He's a moron 131 which is absolutely In our fuel He's a dangerous religious for that a 112 which there is no question of that Nothing he's a great leader 70 which all we can say that is He's a crook. He stole the 2000 election 51. He's divisive in a hate-mongering 18 So I didn't look into good but he's got what has he got 13.3% in a audience in this liberal Realistic he then whatever we got out there, right? Right? That's a kristan right those people 20 till noon a QA mad dog coming up at two you know some are time itself over to guarantees three things you can bet greats life on it Hate humidity in hurricanes you can't control the weather but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season Florida new coat hurricane shutters installed shutters on over 3000 homes in south Florida with a past decade From panels the cordy and rolled down or Bahama shutters Florida new coat hurricane shutters makes it easy for you to select a hurricane Protection your home needs call 9 5 4 8 6 8 49 35 year free home estimate If you own a two story home, you know what I'm painting in the assidives using a ladder to put up your shutters Well Florida new coat now offers you a new steel panel system designed to be installed from the inside On your second floor windows so you don't need that ladder you don't have to risk breaking your neck They'll even give you quite a few existing hurricane protection toward a new purchase to so call Florida new coat hurricane shutters today at 9 5 4 8 6 8 49 35 that's 9 5 4 8 6 8 49 35 Florida new coat hurricane shutters didn't provide us up for hurricane protection for the past decade Tonight They have a heart or a liver Oh They To the torture cause we're just playing their game in the past. It had to be worse with the dumb who's saved. 145-15 till known at 560 W.J.A.M. Madgogga 2, the Humphorid 4, we got 551 votes on a bushmaster. He's got exactly 13% say nothing bothers them about bush. They think he's great. He's a great leader. 13% see that? I'm lucky at election time. Although the latest CNN poll just out a little while ago. Carry 49 bush 47. They don't mention it all. No good. Yeah. Although I will say this because later now in some of these other policies being at like 6% or 7% nationally. Because he's becoming the anti-war candidate. The people that are most vehement against the war are going to him because he's been so anti-war. And he's a very good candidate. And he's a very good candidate. And he's a very good candidate. And he's a very good candidate. And he's a very good candidate. And he's a very good candidate. And he's a very good candidate. And he's a very good candidate. And he's a very good candidate. And he's a very good candidate. And he's a very good candidate. And he's usually to the right of a tell of the hunt. He's a pull-and-for-caree now. I think it's the same person. Yes, me. No, I know what you're shoes. I really believe it. He's wearing, you know, lifters. Boy, he is somebody's got to bush him up a little bit. I still say I would love to have Howard Dean back. When you. Yeah, right now let's go get him out. One little spin. Oh, there you go. Do it. Do it for a mankind. Jesus. God. He was like a live wire. Right. On fire. Tell him, March stuff that me is looking wifey isn't anything with a home and a handbag's good. We had so many calls about the president speech. Now before I read this though, line nine properties about that QAM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Dr. Paul. Could you combine a couple of... No, we can't. It's already, uh, it's already done. But Paul is closed, okay? No more, you know, seriously. You folks really need some very serious help. Not me. It's not your, it's not the show. It's not even Greg, okay? It's South Florida. It is just the most unbelievable intellectual wasteland. No, no, no, we've talked about this for a couple of years now and it's been be see basically we've given them a crunch, which is easy for us because when you do what? What's the best movie of all time? What's your favorite actor? What's your favorite dog food? Yeah. And the fun just ring off the hook and it's like a one or two word answer. And that's the level the capacity. Otherwise it's dead. You know, it's it's the usual idiots. And that's it. There's almost nothing in between. That's the ability of South Florida to communicate anything other than of course sports and the sports calls are no better. No, believe you me. Well, don't you think that you can. They're still talking about the name uh, game six with a heat in Indiana. They're still screaming about the way. Yeah. You know, rather than saying boy, didn't they really pull it out of their ass and give us a health some excitement and this is a god for a second place? No, it's me. And under still bullying it about that. And they should have done this and they should have done that. We got a new coach for the Panthers in Ogeneral Manager, a new broadcast here. Such as the end. And is anybody talking about that? No. No, just the usual silly little jokes about Geldin. No. I'm about to simply ring our little suck hole. He is. I mean, that well kind of crap is that. Right? Yeah. That's it. How about something with some meat on it like a bone? How about something meaty? How about something with some substance to it, okay? Like Ernest Angely would say, or his is neither one of our substance. You know, that's been a hint. Right. That's not the same kind of same crap that I've never heard of. WQA and hello. And you all are you doing? Okay, sir. Just a couple things. The thing with this attorney and Oregon. Yeah. This really illustrates, I mean, this guy is lucky. That this didn't happen like this year and a half ago when they thought that they could just permanently detain people. What do they mean? What do they thought? What do they mean? What do they mean? What do they want to have to go? Well, that's what they're supposed to do. What do you think they're doing now? Well, no. What do you mean? You asked US citizens. But do you, uh, and then? Well, you're looking at a dream world man. Well, we're looking at our ass kicked and you Supreme Court on that. But yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, that was talking at Tony Scaleel last night. He told me, boy, we're going to really let him have it on that after teeny and I go fishing again. Get in the real world pal. Okay, get in the real world. Start understand what's really going on. He's a very American. He hasn't read Patriot Act three, four, and five yet. This guy. In fact, if there's an knocking, you do have to net call. So good thing I disconnected you, sir, because if you've been on other for three seconds, they'd have been knocking on your door, dragging your ass away. Never see you no more. Wow. What are they going to wake up and smell a smell as smell it? WQA and hello. Hey, on talking Neil. Speaking. Hey, how you doing Neil? Pretty good, sir. I like when you read the bedtime stories. Good, but you better get used to it, because you're going to hear a lot of this, uh, this year. Hey, uh, when are you going to retire? Uh, well, I'm good and ready. All right, retire, fact. Okay, retire, fact. Ehh! You y'all. Ha ha ha ha ha! Like I said, there you go. Thanks for listening by the way, The Hallyway, the Neil Rogers show, which once it goes off the Georgia was saying this morning and you're absolutely correct. That the day that I do retire, which isn't really that far away when you can write down it would take away summers and vacations of whatever I think it's about five minutes. Uh, these people are going to be wandering around in streets like a bunch of lost, like the land of the The walking dead like a zombie like the zombies if I can say that they're gonna be won We're just wandering around aimlessly in the street like some what do we do now? You know, but that's okay the price of the show is right Hi, it's going by the way, screw in you crazy pathetic bitch. WQA and hello WQA and hello. Yeah WQA and hello not there WQA and hello Hello, yes, sir Now what a shame, okay in fact I'm so used to the old day that I'll took me like a second or two I bet I was last on that one, you know Maybe It's just me a second. It's like oh, yeah, yeah, yeah See they low you know fall sense is securing all of a sudden like oh, oh Yeah, anyway 1151 a QM the president speech here's the editor of a New York Times and of course if you listen to these calls Have we get on to show you do understand why America's in the shape that it's in see go cause be screaming and bitchen about the education that black people are getting in the way that they speak They're not alone believe me You can't complain about education in America to last though I would say 20 years because they're basically isn't any Americans have no idea what's going on in the world in fact if you put an ozey to the head of a most American If you went up to a shopping mall and stuck a any kind of a weapon to their head and said, okay Here's a map at a world point out a rack they couldn't do it no for all a money in the universe and For a bullet in the head they couldn't find a rack on a map with both your hands Pretty sad the York Times on a president speech editor realizes today. Of course that's that county pink or liberal New York Times That puts all this pictures of dead Palestinian babies on a front page much to the Conservation of one of my son Florida amigos to bad The president speech a President Bush have been talking a year ago after the fall of Baghdad his speech at the Army War Collins last night Might have sounded like a plan for moving forward He was able to point to a new United Nations resolution being developed and consultation with American allies not imposed in defines of them And to a timetable for moving a rack to a elected self government He talked in general terms of expanding international involvement stabilizing a rack But Mr. Bush was not starting fresh He spoke after nearly 14 months of policy failures none of them acknowledged by the president which have left Iraq increasingly violent and Rained Washington's credibility with Iraqi people in the international community They've been waiting for Mr. Bush to make a clean break with those policies. He did not do that last night The speech reflected the fact that Mr. Bush has been back tracking lately But didn't even come close to charting a new course. He needs to take his five steps to it and Iraqi independence from early a recitation of the tasks ahead Mr. Bush plans a series of addresses on Iraq before June 30 It was impossible not to wonder last night why he had waited until the security situation in Iraq had become disastrous until Americans have begun losing faith in his leadership And indeed until just 37 days before a crucial new phase begins the transition to Iraqi sovereignty It's regrettable that this president is never going to admit any shortcomings much less failure That's an aspect of Mr. Bush's character that we have to live with but we cannot live with a serious plan for doing more than just getting through the June 30 transition And then bothering along until the November elections in the United States Mr. Bush has yet to come up with a realistic way to internationalize the military operation and to get Iraq's political groups beyond their current game of Jockeying for power into a real process of drafting a workable constitution The draft of the UN resolution that circulated yesterday was disappointedly sketchy on these points It contains the phrases of international support like references to a multinational military force without committing the security council to do anything in particular The draft endorses a continued American military presence at a macroeustier beyond June 30 But it does not ensure expanded international participation the resolution and visions that after the UN names the interim government leaders It will proceed cautiously and only when it deems it's safe to do so These there are ways Mr. Bush can achieve a clean break that is so essential a good start first put forward by the Center for American Progress and Washington Is to go much further in internationalizing last phase of the Iraq operation Mr. Bush could convene a summit meeting to create an international group to oversee the transition The UN Security Council could step up its participation by putting an international high representative who would actively Supervised interim Iraqi government to the first round of elections Senator John Kerry they presumptive democratic nominee has proposed restructuring the military force in a Mac Under NATO with an American commander Mr. Bush should pursue that at the NATO summit meeting next month The president still has a number of speeches about the delivery before June 30 We hope people will use them to come up with a more specific plan to stop listing the things we already know needed to be done and we're Splendor was how he intends to do them and acknowledge better past mistakes would be nice But obviously don't hold your breath. No. We don't make no mistakes. Okay. We don't screw up. We don't make no mistakes It's at a resort just you liberal counties say that's it. It's called a right wing hard ass is what it's called. They don't make mistakes What bothers you most about George W. Bush pull question that ain't your Rogers.com 590 votes staggering how many people are in town right now? Which is amazing other were 41,000 people almost at the Marlins diamond basket on Sunday. How's that possible Josh? Well, you know It was a me it was a major event. It was I know it's another height job Your Randy Johnson done for a will us on your Randy Johnson just got through pitching a perfect game at the age of 75 and It was a big deal. You know But that's your giveaways of the stadium to where they're giveaways? Yeah, you got to giveaways something you know to get the people. What do they give away? I'm a girl Cabrera Jersey Oh no, you've got to be kidding me. So that's why they had 41,000 I will yesterday were they given anything away yesterday? No, no No 10,000 in the box office means maybe 6,000 thousand people in the stands They were all happy though. They all got free donuts. Oh, they did get free donuts to it. I still need they should announce that more probably gotten 15,000 What bothers you most about George W. He's just a and by the way Josh is Eric contacted you yet about those bedtime stories You know the idea that you're paying for that DSL and we're not making you any money on that thing get you doing some work is pretty disturbing to me Eric He's just a face man for neoconic stream is 164 he's a moron 150 He's a dangerous religious fanatic 127 nothing is a great leader 75 12.7 percent He's a crook. He stole the 2000 election, which is obvious 56 9.4 percent and he's the divisive and hate mongering 18 out of almost 600 votes 595 watch out on five 95 He's bringing a saving speaking of driving our lunchsay like never before on a new car truck from Armstrong Toyota home Is that boy back from my buffalo? I haven't seen it well, I went and down on grab him and tell him he's another one That is grab grab well as much of me as you can grab the walker watching pop on a floor. I love to see that You'll find him on US one 20 minutes south of the eight for these six that Armstrong Toyota home stood not fed boy And it's worth a drive there to save yourself thousands on great new Toyota's the great leestials that are waiting for you right now Include an old four camera your four runner if you paid just two 69 a month for 48 months How about an old four highlander just 309 a month needed truck? How about an old four Toyota tender the safest truck in the US of eight just 179 a month before 48 months These are just some of the great savings waiting for right now at Armstrong Toyota of homestead They're committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction in fact Their service departments even open late till eight. We've nice to make sure they get all your stuff done for you Easy to find them they're right in the corner of US one and two 93rd Street in a homestead just 20 minutes south of the eight 36 and right now They're making you an offer you have to be crazy to refuse Armstrong Toyota of homestead offers you free tires free batteries and replacement parts for Life your vehicle. That's right tires batteries and free parts for life Nobody else nowhere is do that so don't waste your time at those mega dealers who have this big screaming car commercials Jump up and on hop and make a lot of noise and then get you one of their dealerships under phony pretence Call our friend David Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota of homestead for a real four deal on unbelievable deal call 305 242 3247 305 242 3247 Travel little and save thousands on that great new Toyota today at Armstrong Toyota of homestead Hello, it beaded 12 the one hour on wq air Now wesp pity Canada the critters go and enhance to the musky I got a candle liquid Jerry boat This bitch I'm not your servant tonight. I'm both Carolina. You're looking quite now, you're maybe dead or dead. I'm a baby. Coconut croissant, a jelly chair. You can be different. You're a baby. You're a baby. You're a baby. You're a baby. You're a baby. You're a baby. Don't you? I'm a baby. I got my windows down. I'm not so late because the easy door will not open. The spinning pressure will not see. It starts to smell. The ginsengessing will get over time. I'm a back-to-view man. The shining ground is the lag line. I'm at my coffee channel. You can't be washing it with all the wrong. The horn may be. Over the corner of your jewelry. You can be different. The horn may be. Michael Shopping News, going over Steve Oksman. Stop. Stop. The head of the head of the head. First from the old interior, you'll be faster to be. The head of the head of the head. Tony, really restored our muscle. Sandy. He had his yearly total body exam from the top of the head of the head of the head. Bottom of the feet. Yeah. Doctor was shocked because his... That comes. Well, like Lala, it's just like in that bit, we got it. Yeah. Kind of strange. You've got a loan, guys. 12.04. 5.60. WKOM. Vermont. You're going to love this story. You're going to love it and hate it. All right. Vermont put on list of most endangered places. A preservation group put Vermont on list of America's most endangered places. Just a warning that this New England state small town charmes threatened by... Walmart. There you go. How'd you know that? Psychic. Did you see the story? No. They're threatening every place. Oh, brother. Vermont is the only state ever to make the national trust for historic preservation's annualist in its entirety. The state has got four Walmart's all small by Walmart's standards. And Vermont preservation is say the company is planning to enlarge two of them. Open five new ones. Oh, my God. Walmart said it has firm plans only for one news during St. Albin's. Trust President Richard Moe. That's his name. M-O-E-M-O. Oh, my God. You, Moe. Trust President Richard Moe said Vermont Special Magic would vanish. With the arrival of the giant stores. Vermont is a uniquely state of small town. Many of these downtowns have been decimated by this Moe said. A lot of small businesses just appear disappear in the face of a huge Walmart. It's like a big gigantic serpent man. Reaching out with its tentacles and testicles and crushing everything in its path. Walmart, the evil doersman. Me a maston. You will want to come into the affairs manager for the Eastern region. Suggestions such fears are being over dramatized. The company's plans are for five homeowners with more jobs and convenient Shopping, she said. It sounds as if we're trying to go and push our way in. M-O-E-M-S said we're asking for a getting local input. We want to project that everyone likes at the end of the day. Right. And. If that is when the security scared the crap out of the court, the Walmart haters are concerned. Walmart wants stores throughout Europe. Oh, my God. Walmart wants stores in every country in Europe and will consider opening its own outlets as well as making large acquisitions according to the retail giants chief executive. But I tell you, they like it as these. In golfing the globe. During his first trip to Brussels, Lee Scott said Walmart were considering expanding in Europe via as though they British supermarket chain of bought for 6.7 billion pounds almost five years ago. Mr. Scott refused to be drawn on companies Walmart might enter or companies in might buy, but said he couldn't think of any company in Europe that we wouldn't want to be in over the long course of time. We added if you get an attractive deal in Europe at some point that would be in upper. I can't see Walmart in the Holland. Is it heavy? Now I can't even imagine Walmart in Amsterdam. It's just so incomprehensible to me just to ain't their kind of store. Unless they sold fries with the mayonnaise. It's a significant shift in emphasis for the world's largest retailer, which many analysts have accused of a half-hearted approach to international expansion. Walmart's European expansion has been limited to the as-to-deal and its 1997 acquisition in two smaller retails in Germany where it has yet to make a profit. Mr. Scott was speaking before a series of meetings and Brussels with the European Commission and officials are including Mario Monty, the Competition Commissioner, the Competition Commissioner, and David Burn, Consumer Affairs Commissioner. The group has endured a wave of bad publicity in its own market about how its vast stores affect local communities. Mr. Scott said the trip was part of a trauma-fensive in the... Ha ha ha ha ha! Traum-offensive in the wake of the bad publicity, Walmart recently failed in efforts to build a store in California for losing a local ballot and it's seen a series of label-greeted labor grievances become public because people with a brain hate Walmart like poison. They wish that they would cloak. We want they do, right? Right? Pwyhch, talk about evil doors, man. They're eight nothing more evil than Walmart. 5605601, I want to interspersome and these people better get used to it. And the one-annus person we really great calls you with all this other good stuff we're doing. And that's person. And by the way, the guy called before I find out during the break was Castor Nova's boyfriend. Do we have a dump? 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. We know Paul copies everything I do. How about you QA and hello? Uncle Mell. Yes sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir. It pains me but one, you know F Wal-Mart. When I pay 10 to 20 dollars more just to go to another store for something. It pains me in the wall but I mean I just can't stand them. Yeah. You know they didn't even take the time to get W to let us pronounce the prison name. Did you hear any of that last night? 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Don't be picking on our illiterate president. Okay, you got a lot of nerve syrup. And Abu got a blib blib blib blib blib. Come on. Get what it. Did we hear any of that last night? Did you get it? No, at least. Oh, we're getting it. Abu got a man. Man, oh man. It is, it would be scary for those big pay checks. You know, of course, in your case. And a Josh's case. Well, you don't care. This is worried about the hangin on well of course. We've got a long way to go. We got 118 games. They were something like that in the baseball season. So he's okay for a while. As long as he smiles at Dave Van Boring. And pretend, oh, you're great Dave. You're really great broadcaster. You're sensational broadcaster. I don't think you're a son. I don't think you're a son. What is it? I don't think he has a talk to him a lot. Do you have like a lot of verbal intercourse with the Mr. Van Boring or not? Just in between the innings. And he says. Nothing. Oh, boy. So sad. We like to vote for a lot though. Boops should be doing a whole game. We don't need no Dave Van Boring. I'm an exciting team. A world champion team. And they got this so much fun. They're exciting team. A world champion team. And they got this loser on there. This guy that did the games on the internet. And not your all of course, but they didn't even know what a baseball is. It would know a baseball from a come-quat those frogs. What bothers you most about George W. Boosh and Pima are close. I on this 643 votes. Aren't you keep it an eye on it? Both both of them. The military strategy. That's coming up next. Good. Thanks, Wolf. You idiot. You Nazi badge. Do you? He's from Buffalo by the way. What? Why is he most about? Boosh? He's just a face man for neoconic stream. It's 177. He's a moron. 163. What an insult to every moron on the plane that that is. And what he does pronounce the word. Right. He like. He like. He like. He like. He like. He like. He like. He like. He like. He like. He like. He like. He like. He like. He like. He's a moron. 163. He's dangerous. Roads is fina at a 157. Nothing. Nothing. Rather than he's a great leader. 82. 12.7%. God help us. God. Deal. God. He's a crook. He stole the 2000 election. 63. He's divisive at hand. On green 21. Molly Ivins writes how fascism starts. I better do the break though. Nothing. I hate is when I start in a moron. I'm pouring bedtime. I have to like, you know, it's a redisinterruptus. I hate that. And it hurts too. And by the illusion, he lose the momentum. He loses the mole. Absolutely. Nice. Is what you do. All the meaning of it. For those four people out there who really care about my reading these stories. The rest of them, they just like to hear it in the sound of my voice on here. Including the ones who pretend to hate me like poison. They just want to hear my voice on here. Exactly. Retire. Retire. Retire. Retire. Is that what you do with good year? Yeah. Yeah. Haitian tyrant. Take her vehicle and retire. I'm going to get like bald and worn down. Kind of like most heads. Absolutely. Maybe more. I go to good year and retire. That bald spot. Put something on it. Please. People are talking. And guilty, of course, taking a real shot in this morning. And I noticed a little bit of that hostility seeping out of those comments. Right there to very ass into the guilty for a georosho. About that. You know, and it's not your show. Go gully. Okay. So I'm all head every right to bitch in mom because he knows what a backstab or you are. And the fight you've turned on him like a red course. We know why you turned on like a red. In fact, how to help you put up with it that long. That's yeah. And that's the question around the building. How did Gelldy put up with him that long? It's called survival. He's got a wife and two kids now. Right. How could a punk like him afford to be having two kids? I wonder what his kids voices are going to. What do you think they're going to sound like? And that's bad. I'll be picking up Gelldy just because you got a squeaky voice. Sounds like a silly little girl. 12 minutes past noon at five, 60 WQM. Let me tell you right now. People are fat. Do I have to tell you that? People are all fat. We're just oozing with fat. I'm going to see even Josh's starting to pour up a little bit. You notice that? Which Josh? This one here? That one's right there. I don't know. Little bit. Yeah. I have one. Huh? Yeah. He's been eating in a press box. Probably enough all day van boring food. Anyway, if you're on the ad. Can sugar bust your South Beach when he low carb sugar free diet. If you lose that fat and stay alive, head for a great store called the Likesawasthoka The number one low carb store in America. This is for you. Many of the new reduced car products on store shelves are geared to cutting back on carves little bit. Not a losing weight. Well, what kind of a bunch of communist crap is that? The Likesawasthoka's expertise continues to be always has been on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting. And to Likesawasthoka find well over a thousand great tasting products with a focus toward the lowest possible carbs that can really help a successful low carb weight loss plan. Have some taste and lose that weight. There's spring sales in full swing right now. So stop on by their step. Noes dieting from top to bottom. From they know you from top to bottom to the open every day seven days a week from 10 till 10. The Likesawasthoka you'll find among the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market or column toll free at 1-877 low carb L.O.W. C.A.R.B. Or on the web it's low carb.com. The Likesawasthoka there a lot of stores with similar names but there's only one. It's your official Atkins retail center. Buy and Uncle here's for the oh 50s you a UAM ... perfect Ssembling ...oh, this rock muscle really... ...it's real ...$100 Original 25 the the the the the the the the me the 1999 nuclear intelligence which he must be taken up by hell a lot of space but the whole sales department's in bed together you know what's when I was there and I said to skipy when what when they me want to count you sold on my show since you came here besides the ones you inherited and are sucking the commission from name me want to count you sold on the show he like a he like a he high tail right off the door man ram i right you saw it was funny it was pathetic it was tragic he a it's one of the great mysteries of all time that this station makes the money that we do especially on the show because our sales department is just useless and and i do intend to continue ripping them and ask because it's deservedly so they are just pathetic if they didn't have the numbers to sell that we generate here they couldn't sell halavada well worth it i've used anyway in a Boston globe here's a picture of what you call it graduate snoozing that this is great uh... i'm going to put it on the website now more today or a kind of your under a lot of stress course of your life jaj take care of that you would have to be a vision about it all the time you know oh well there's another one another out of martyre in waiting twenty nine stars well you would have to do any of my field of jaj's perfectly capable of doing it he's got plenty of time in between and around was uh... marlin games are getting late he's got plenty of telehealth is going to do right that's about an eat eating like crazy and bigger part of that like another uh... you got another customer now i'll try to tell me the mic open russard bc speech stresses values it shows a picture of these grad students who are in a coma meet the press anchor addresses graduates and a speech emphasizing Catholic values meet the press anchor timber sir told the Boston Collins class 2004 yesterday that they're just this picture you got to see it that there just what education is a special gift and also called for measures to provide curge abuse of children russard who son look you see what this is gone yeah look well and the Boston College in the fall praise the university for aggressively abuse scandal directly in a series of lectures seminars and classes russard described himself as a respectful servant in the lady of the church also said the key to a meaning for life is understanding what is god's work here on earth yati adi and goes on and shows the kids are snoozing and snoozing and snoozing and passing uh... it's a it's a beautiful thing to watch but in the meantime timber us it is coma inducing he's just pathetic why don't we anybody want him and not only that but he's making around the world is stupid book that he wrote it's number one on the radio about his father russ and uh... what is it called russ and the old russ or young russ and old ron and young pa under what tells called about his father if i haven't seen him on every thinking show tell about his father nearly died in the war and he had a horrible accident and yati aty and he was in the hospital six months and how he learned uh... all his values about life from his father that well that's nice it's a nice heart to call us or story say that once a year on five is day and rest of the time and another face with it okay go i sent up questions you simple and wonder a call and policy behind a palm tree five six seven oh five sixty palm five he is really annoying you know we do those things about annoying people on TV to me he's one of the worst he is such a unnevisious such a you know and he always looked at the he's going to jump out of his suit he's all we got the real nervous you're i mean yeah been down here's been doing it but good man by now he'd have like a little self-confidence or something he's always like you know reading his hands and like uh... looks like he's got anson his family that maybe he does could maybe he does capital he's got the old saint by this dance in his pants w q a m hello not there all what a shame and i know that was going to be the one really brilliant call today probably at something to say about my keen and coming back and jock martin w q a m hello neo sir the name of the book uh... rushes for the uh... five six seven oh five sixty pound was been a couple of days since we heard from him as a at least pound five sixty on the eighteen t and for rising wireless line house said i'll say you people are today w q a m hello me i do and buddy pretty good pali change the subject of the job in the catch that terrible TV show the blacks one last night no and i got my girlfriend and watch that for a while yesterday and they completely changed the way these horrible women look in fact some pretty decent looking women i was pretty shocked yeah what time was that on i mean i don't know i was just my girlfriend and he sit down watching that he didn't show a channel was on what time was on well i'm ready at a good time five six seven with kind of the francesco rucos show was really uh... something but he didn't know what time was uh... i was gonna say well at least it be watching bush of man galalo's words but never less boy you talk about desperate it's a well what are they what these people really desperate to say i have no right holy crap man i really i had a great week there last week i mean you saw i left out a really high note right and i'm not talking about jephy either but uh... that was enough that was plenty i want to push my luck five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on it and we had a woman called it and this week no in fact when the book came out i thought we didn't have any women always like a point uh... zero point eight or something like that what's the point there to busy watching ricky lake in the jury springer the get a real good education there uh... watching uh... christina all of that crap you know fueling females on jerry today yeah there you go just uh... i mean how many you know to me he is one of the most unbelievable geniuses in the history of the human race because he basically takes the same thing and does it every single day every day yeah even with us at least we got different bedtime stories if that's the only thing or different comedy but he does the same thing every single day all that he has different trailer trash but i'm saying i mean it's exactly the same and every single day in the phony and they're angry and they come out and they're going to be right you know good and we got all the and she had a lot of it yeah we better not put that on too long man i'm hard to find that's enough w w qa m hello i want to ask you two a i can see it like hello yes me oh my gosh speak about i'd like to say congratulations to George you had a uh... a poll where you know what we hate about that part in George was nominated uh... that's quite an accomplishment well that's probably because you didn't call i'd he was just about to get to it i just oh i think he just hit the hula because i got to do the break okay or business and hello i'm going to put some positive on a new group i don't want to hear jerry springer again i don't want to start playing bush boss i don't want to hear jerry springer i don't want to know him i don't want to smell him i want to do with that third trash okay he's the ricky lake put in the England on air if you want to put some trailer trash or on at least he's got a story to tell okay i'll be sent out on the crow you better start watching passions but start it's going to change your whole altitude about life you better start taking a picket to reset and then you'll understand how lucky you are not to be married to that pitch to be married to a different i mean twenty six past noon at five sixty w qa m dot to a different girl that's right anyway if you're carpets look like hell on a hand basket here's the answer for you and not just your carpeting by your area rugs your expensive oriental rugs your drapery your furniture or your post-reall of these things then the answer is one simple call to our good friends a dry concepts dry concepts is the best in the universe now you can open up the elevators find a zillion a carpeting companies don't trust him you can go to the supermarket to slap home that heavy equipment and shmir a mess all over your four forget about that because i've been using dry concepts for over twenty years in several different homes and i would never dream of using anybody else why bother they give you a written guaranteed price of promises always a fair price they go right to work they roll up their sleeves or not and then they are dry clean your carpet same ideas dry clean your clothing which sucks out even the deep down dirt in your carpet which leaves in malek and brand new vibrant color sock to the test they smell a lot of fresh and their dry and one to two hours so we can clean today and still entertain tonight in fact you can ever orgy right on a floor call the nc i can say an extra fifteen percent of the next carpet cleaning if you have them put you under stand by list at dry concepts too be sure to tell them old deal for the call for he's two pennished job at a guaranteed stupidest price call 1-800-248-5-071 that's 1-800-248-5-071 or check them out on the word wide web at dryconcepts.com my life and law this is 4256 you way too way yeah brand new lights are a landing what are you letting to meet now coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story we take a good hard stiff look in the start of their hit song is synonymous with the eighties and synonymous with crap they were cashew google what interesting is that in america you say cashew gooo but in England we call cashew gooo this minor difference in pronunciation was the only interesting thing about the band that leads singer limo could ever find as you'll see tonight in a 1983 interview conducted by British pop writer in look down on us you know what else is really interesting about us in war uh well uh we stopped that way we're out of drawers yes thought tell me the truth don't don't spam me feelings or said you suck on second fuck could just spam me feeling limo's real name was Chris Hamilton but he had a change to limo after a second told him where his music would one day take you to the mall to the record store and eventually the two ninety nine been ninety nine cents for the cashew that's not really true but it wasn't worth asking and how he came up with a fucked up main legalimal it's a big juicy stopping wet look at show business tonight on inside the behind have no fear i checked uh for excellent pleat there and it was all right before i plan nine i listen to the whole thing before i got a lot of these before i plan we're going to bring it to the end by the way what is it we're getting twitchy over here why just because you mean like uh Tim russer something like that man he just uh you greats my ass 1231 at five sixty wq mali ivens writes how fascism starts it's pretty easy to get to the point where you don't want to hear anymore about obbo great prison and what went on there but there's some really good reasons why american should take a look at why this happened i suspect that a vision here is not between liberals and conservatives except for a few in aint comments made by some trying to be flipping the between those who are following the story closely and those who are not i especially recommend both side herses follow up peace on the current issue of the new yorker and the investigative piece in the current issue uh ob newsweek what seems to be more important than the old ag factor is just how easy it is for standards of long behavior to slip into beastiality the problems go all the way back to the ministries refused to rule by by the genie bit conventions president bush secretary of defense down rumsfeld and attorney general john ascrop signed off a secret system of detention and interrogation that opened the door to such methods it was an approach that they adopted order the side step they historical safeguards of the genie bit convention which protect the rights of the tainees and prisoners of war according to newsweek secretary of state roll on colon poll and the military's lawyers objected you may recall the military's objections broadcast is usual by retired officers were on the excellent grounds that if we didn't observe the genie bit conventions need to what our enemies the very reason that they were signing the first place the Pentagon still insist that suspected al cita followers have no rights under genie v3 as they are enemy combatants rather than p o w's genie v3 also has procedures for what to do with the status of a detainees and fold out pulls an evil rights apply until a competent tribunal decides we've been holding 595 prisoners at guantanamo for two and a half years not counting those we've already let go in conditions in violation of genie v a only now we're a few these prisoners being assigned lawyers and the lawyers are raising hell about the whole process the legal rationale came from the White House council al vertical gansala is including the line in my judgment this new paradigm renders obsolete genie v3 limitations on questioning of enemy prisoners and renders quaint some of its provisions according to newsweek bush first signed a secret order granting new powers to the CIA directive authorizing it to set up secret detention facilities outside the u.s. and the question those held in the in the in them with unprecedented harshness the agency also sluts suspected terrorist off to other countries known to practice torture in addition to the fact that torture is morally repulsive it also doesn't work of course you can torture information out of people when you can't do a torture accident information out of people that don't have it the defense department jaz were so concerned they finally went to New York lawyer who specializes in international human rights law and told them there's a calculated effort to create an atmosphere of legal and big you and big ambiguity about how Geneva should be applied and also said these military lawyers named assistant secretary Douglas faith and the Pentagon's general counsel William Haynes since dominated for an appeals court judge chip by bush meanwhile get more had been taken over by major general jaffy miller under whose loving care the 72 point matrix for stress and dearest was developed laying out as ugly as set of rules for a corset's torture stupid as anyone could be up you may recall rumsfeld testifying before congress that miller had been said to inspect obvigravens at ten or two thousand three is though that have been some stepped toward responsible oversight in fact miller told the general than running the prison the place should be turned over to military intelligence normally something like abled great can be claimed in pardon on the downward downward communication exaggeration spy us viral which afflicts most organizations someone at the top makes a mild suggestion and by the time it reaches the troops that's ironclad law this appears to be a rare case of reverse viral with the orders coming from the very top and questions being raised about them all the way down until finally army specialist Joseph Derby spoke out and said off the to google investigation in this case there's more than sufficient evidence pointing the culpability of those at the top but at the same time the Pentagon is putting out the word there was only a few bad apples six load level soldiers who already been charged would no one else involve this just stinks of cover up damn defy think these six low level soldiers should be hung out there to take the blame for a set of explicitly written in sign policies made by people wearing expensive suits getting paid big bucks and burying some of the highest titles in the land you can read all the documents and memos for yourself it's important to know how fascism starts all the items here calling the day you go to the sweet heart she's great anybody care no I never let it kill a couple of months anyway nobody cares see that's the point do you think that there's anybody in a per sample on our website I think we'll do that pull tomorrow what percentage of the people who go to our website besides looking that they knew to pick you like a Lara Flynn a boy was under today and whoever else might be on there behind the be the curtain and maybe pass boons in the box I've been looking at the cartoons in a funny pictures how many people actually you think read the bedtime story but certainly we have the sidehurst they article from the New Yorker we had the whole thing on there a few days ago you think anybody read it no what do you think no nobody well maybe five people does that make a worthwhile I don't know well no you're gonna say no because then it's gonna save in the effort whatever anytime you got to do it anytime you got to sit there like poor over 85 million newspapers and websites come up with a handful of stories that Eric might feel the amount to put on there still if you're doing a show it's good to know those things so it's not big deal okay well that's good see that's a good attitude to have all you a kids out there listen that's a real good attitude to have even though nobody cares even well the screen don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't are I bigger part huh what bothers you the most about president George W. Bush that's our poll question that we have 735 vote he's a moron hundred ninety six he's just a face man for neoconic stream is 1094 but that's a battle there neck and neck nose to nose not that it really makes a difference he's a dangerous religious fanatic hundred and fifty uh... votes hundred and fifty how about all of these things nothing he's a great leader 95 prop point nine percent of the meteorologist audience thinks George W. Bush is a great leader right he's doing it baby he's a crook he stole the 2000 election seventy two and he's divisive and hit mongering twenty nine seven hundred forty two votes as far as these polls are concerned let me just say this year was thinking about this a couple weeks ago yeah if we wouldn't have these polls on the show and I really can't remember when I hope we started big time on this if we wouldn't have had this all what will be we doing here every day tomba yeah yeah for four hours every day am i right yeah that's it is ready to talk about it that w q a and hello say there's even a dial tone is better than most of the calls we get w q a and hello yes yes sir uh... i'm a night shift worker and i would like for you to give me the number of that high jerk against like a column about three thirty a.m. this morning and see what he's doing nine four yes sir four three zero three eight two seven what's the guy's name ron hey ron i'm coming to get you about three thirty b.l. when i call you all right hi hi oh he'll still say hi he's a reason that we do are especially uh... vicious and over the top and all of these things in this case is because we already went through this deal once before and the people in charge of this mentally effective already know that we don't want a calls for them we don't want to be in bob we don't want to give us prosack and all of these things we've already been through this once before but evidently whoever is in charge of this thing this creature uh... and don't do the same to get an of course you know that broad they call it a few days ago yeah that she's in it will up to her armpits she's just a roommate at the shelter i'm sure she's maybe a bunkmate okay what a thought that is uh... maybe she's a fellow uh... hip hop or maybe russia's the numbers probably maybe they all shop at wellness house together i don't know but anyway that's the aback ranna how how on run and that we want him to go away soon and also take that bitch with you whoever she is twenty-two one is five sixty w q a m on a tell you about a great place in fact i'm glad that i'm glad that Josh is back but see you see we don't really need him because we always got to you just in case on his days off like yesterday we had to you see sounds just like you you know that there's a different if i'm maybe we can do it in stereo today lobster fest is back at the animal coast chinese buffet what a place this is man and i was not just a place where they have a few items uh... sitting around somewhere getting soggy everything is fresh and delicious they don't use any MSG no cornstarch no craft they cook everything only with cholesterol free orals they got six different kinds of soups they've got a sizzling Asian real featuring new york strip made the way you like it brand new who non-fish made lobster thermistor style jonna crab oysters on a half shell they've got handcar prime rib they're new Thai specialties around this world and they also don't forget they've got a full chinese food lineup too the brand new sushi bar fresh see you cocktail and because you deserve it if you have any room left after all of these things they've got a great desert station to featuring pelg and moples pies cakes see them pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings in fresh fruit in fact there's nothing like ice cream with a team on top two emilcoes relocations for you they're in pember pines sunday out in sunrise two so take the whole family bookiness business lunch and whatever you like and let the folks at emilcoes cook up a gigantic fresh delicious feast for you take on a delivery available to their voted number one buys a get restaurant reviews and wsv news is southland is best Asian buffet in yulagree called nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for information and reservations that's nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for the unbeatable emilcoes chinese buffet five five five six six six six six six six eight eight go ball on the voice of the trottom abolates in your listing to the hockey authority neil god session with hokey from the TV network completely out of original ideas and good taste it's the most hilarious military sitcom ever updated for our modern ultra violent times it's prisoner vial u.s.m.c.s a france a france a france a france a france a france a whole order all these naked prisoners doing the barracks we'll start your room's fail we were just trying to pin up the place fast back in my rackies in the big old power whose we may improv a pointer cheese a one point to their private say shavang on by all why you take a picture of the big old pile of naked man it just gives me a phone head prisoner file u.s.m.c. right after the one hundred thousand Abdullah pyramid tonight on TV land again him a what it's from forty five five sixty wqm gym manager to the old mad dog the ancient the humpbridge for the saffron and then we got Marlon's on deck six thirty thirty five from the stadium Marlon's at not from the yeah from some stadium not ours right it's from a stadium like riverfront right there's no playing at riverfront what riverfront stadium in Cincinnati are they in the new stadium no great American ballpark you know it's really getting up not just to me because every like twenty or uh thirty years now every team has to have a new god to uh see a new ballpark okay we know what I'm I'm a great uh this is so pathetic so childish so juvenile and we can't say crap anymore but we can say Abu Ghara read well some of us can oh you got that excellent thank you Eris do it again Abu Ghara read that is hysterical one more time for the west coast Abu Ghara read look at that just after you played that he's a moron went to the top on our pool against pulling away that's what I voted for as if they had any doubts wow you're a literate president but I still say though he's a pretty good fit for a good part of America man people are literally they're just an awful lot of money run on loose five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighteen ten for rising wireless line we got the Marlon's at the reds regardless of what ballpark they're playing in pre game sixty five game time seven ten the uh plunging a maniac himself any k after the baseball game and overnight we have basically signed off maybe that's what most problems what do you think that's a little more lead and when's Joe costello coming on the huh I sure about the here uh mow and Joe then mow and oh any day the week come on let's get with it you guys christen my costume a few extra bucks I mean the big ol like I said I keep saying it because it's true he's a good guy but boy he is just horrendous gruesome on here and then Friday and grab the track and who do I hear already mentioned to see oh brother talk about having to pull off the road and take a breather this ruled on the window and get some fresh air take some deep gulps felt like I was at seven eleven I won the old big gulp five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighteen ten for rising wireless line do we have a woman call in here today at or what? WQM hello go these fucks thank you WQM hello yeah I'm calling about the pole what about it what have you heard what have I reached five sixty I don't know I can't see your hands so I have no idea what you reached maybe it's like a large growth I don't know five sixty WQM that's us the award winning world famous Neil Roger sure are you calling our sure are you calling a wrong number you'd like I think we're calling a wrong number but it's great to talk to you you're not calling a wrong number if I am no you're not you'd you start it up to call by saying by saying something what are you talking about I have no right okay five six seven oh five saying what is this man talking about you understand these people or maybe he just wanted to get some information about the summer count maybe he's one of our clients and you know there's wise copy hasn't talked about the pole but then you answered the question right no I know he's calling about the pole and he's got the wrong number I mean come on sir you was coming on you think I was born like in the last four five minutes maybe a half an hour ago but in the last four five minutes or something I've been around a block a couple of times yeah that's what I heard yeah he's calling about a boot to pole we got a pole for you okay hop on it five six seven oh see now I wasn't talking the right away you like takes things that I say and you keep dropping in that stuff all the time because you just can't control your sacked home okay now when he comes back tomorrow we want to full analization we want to find out with the the whole deal I'll report about his heart about his parts about his liver his bladder his spleen his gall bladder his uh whatever what is that for sure man oh man we want to find out how that excavation came out and and you know to speak in a people with balls you know as parents did not come running in there and saying oh well I'm gonna talk to him I'm working on it we got an almost we got like 50 minutes to go until that spots supposed to be on again there is absolutely positively no excuse not to have a an acceptable piece of copy it's not rocket science is very simple what we need to be done and and here we are again again and there's nowhere else to put it these days you see see this long there's nowhere else to stick it although uh tied and the same for you screw and okay make sure it gets around just pass it around a little bit and not even a response and any of my philosophies if they don't care then why the hell should we care I'm not gonna get all bent out of shape if they don't care about the recounts that much then probably they ought to be running on another station somewhere where they want to service the account you can't complain about the service you get from the QM sales department because there ain't any believe me when I tell you that in fact anybody else in the market wants to use that I'll be more happy to give it to you because I'm I'm one of the victims we got a lot all of us on the were victims of this sales department oh yeah they run a lot of billing through there no question about that just give us the uh F and money that's it but other than that forget about it the fact every every time you say I need some copy for so and so on fat boy oh god about it yeah that's the standard response hey uh Todd Drek we need some copy today oh god about right stock answer they got because they can't be bothered with that war religion and national interest by James Goldbrode do I have time to do the idea president Bush's statement to Bob Woodward that he asked God for advice before starting more with the rack deserves attention to give Bush's war a special context unlike most presidents Bush wears his religion on his sleeve he has said that God wanted a movie president that only Christians go to heaven that creationism as well as evolution should be taught to children and that Jesus is his favorite philosopher as president Bush set up an office for faith based initiative that did not work out Woodward said Bush told me did not appeal to his father for advice on a rack because there's a higher father than I appeal to another reason he might have preferred a higher father is that George H. W. Bush probably would have advised against war supported by age brinsco crop James Baker and Colin Powell father Bush opposed the occupation of a rack in 1991 religion is already a subject in this presidential election not because John Kerry is a Catholic Kerry like John Kennedy in 1960 is attempting to keep religion out the race telling time magazine that my religious beliefs are my personal business some Catholic bishop taking aim on politicians who don't follow church counsel on issues like abortion may make it hard for Kerry to keep religion out but he's trying. Bush has no such reluctance he long has emphasized his born again evangelical Christianity and I would look at him from a midlife alcoholic crisis and set him into politics Jimmy Carter was our first board again evangelical president and while that may have helped him to feature old Ford and 76 it gave him little help against Ronald Reagan and 80 whatever Carter's relationship to God is foreign policy was a mess even evangelicals the nation's largest religious category turned against Carter and 80 according to the Harris poll religion normally is not an issue in presidential elections 1928 and 60 are exceptions because it is rarely seen as a political asset in a nation of many creeds and denominations of candidate emphasizing his beliefs risk losing more than he gains the idea going to war because God is on your side of something alien to American history the founding fathers in making war against Britain did not appeal to religion in a new book about them university of William and Mary history and David Holmes stresses the lack of religiosity of Franklin Washington Adams Jefferson Madison and Monroe calling them all deists or unitarians Abraham Lincoln not a religious man leaves no record of having consulted with a higher father when the south opened fire on Ford's Center America's wars of the past century were fought over national and trist not religious ones Woodrow Wilson was the son of a Presbyterian minister but German submarines not God got us into W. W. Bush's war is different from past American wars because it was a war of choice not an necessity German submarines weren't sinking our ships to pan had an attack world communism was not threatening Iraq was not a font of terrorism it was America's first preemptive war ever the strongest support for Bush's war came from Tony Blair Britain's most religious leaders in his bloodstone light bush Blair praise he keeps a Bible by his bed and says he will answer to my maker for British deaths in Iraq when David Frost asked if he and Bush prey together on Iraq Blair declined to answer if Blair praise on Iraq he's not being answered Iraq has become a series of crumbled beliefs and dashed hopes for the Prime Minister wrote the economist last week Bush's light light light light light light light light circumspect about religion and Blair because Americans are more religious than the British according to polls in a recent survey the Pew Research Center noted that 51% of Americans say they believe in prayer up from 41% in 1987 and that most of the increase comes from evangelicals while there always has been a correlation between conservatism and religious religiosity puse states the relationship is growing notably stronger evangelicals at 30% but to the man today make up the largest US religious category 11 of the 12 most religious states are in the south and the 10 least religious states are in the north and west these data suggest evangelical politicians may not be so cautious about religion they idea that US more than you can by mixing religion politics may change when you can count on a solid evangelical south block and you're not going to win the north and far west anyway the idea of a godfaring Christian president taking the nation to war against an Iraqi uh and evil Iraqi regime helps explain the nation's initial support for Bush's war that support was strengthened after we sought to connect Iraq to the 9 level of attacks a connection we now know was false events of the past year however we should cause all Americans including evangelicals to ask questions America not sodom who say this become the hated enemy in Iraq preemptive war religiously motivated not or not is never just war war is a matter of national not religious interest pretty good article by james goldbroen is Chicago sometimes i thought yeah any audience is going but not like that they're praying to god they got their hands together right now they're praying for it and their eyes are mixed and maybe if they're lucky they'll get it 5650 pound 5650 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line 1256Q at the joym is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs but oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business payroll administration fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business make you a lot more money be more profitable call oasis outsourcing today for a fear of ideation 1 8 6 6 at oasis that's 1 8 6 6 28 6 27 47 with more than 60 thousand employees worldwide oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management outsourcing is being recognized by firms both large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business while leaving all those operational details to oasis outsourcing let oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you like a fear of ideation with no consultation column toll free 1 8 6 6 at oasis that's 1 8 6 6 28 6 27 47 for oasis outsourcing 5 16 30ks 2 larcen I have no life. 1-0-1 at 5.60. Here's a pretty good fashion, Gary. Thank you, Gary. He says tenil and Jorg and Jorg. Hi, guys. I want to be meet in Quitton yesterday. So the picture of Betty Paged didn't get a chance to write you a note. I'm a long time listener. Yes, there are a number of more of a couple of occasions. But, I'm an interesting perspective on Betty. If you think censorship is a hot topic today, you should have seen it nearly five decades ago. Like many baby boomers I had never heard of Betty Paged. into my sister dated Mary the guy named Ira Kramer. Ira's mother is Paula Claus. Paula along with her brother Irving Claus ran a small bookster in New York that discovered Betty Page and put her on the map. They helped her get a start and modeling to encode those shoots. Picture-taking clubs were prevalent many men would pay for the privilege to snap photos of beautiful women like Betty. Irving Claus recognized Betty's talents in appeal. They saw she had a way of playing to the camera. The long-assured list of ways that she did later did short films, some soft core and fondage pictures they used her beauty and sensuality to make her a star. I'm really busy today so I continue to impair story Irving and Paul's husband I think his name was Jack. We're brought before the House Unmerk and Affairs Committee headed by Senator S.D.'s keyfowler from Tennessee. They were interrogated and threatened with jail for sending those pictures through the mail. Paula was instructed to destroy all the materials related to Betty Page in order to keep her husband from jail thankfully she did not. I wish I had more time to vent I listened to you faithfully and like you would constantly concern that our rights are going by the wayside I made try to call we're headed in the wrong direction down the wrong road and losing what little rights we still have. Wake up America like Neil says you enter the boot stomping on the pavement. Gary thanks Gary. How do you like that? Yeah there's one Jew that ain't voting for Bush up. Take it that. There's one. One. Oh but the soba for Israel and Bubba says all the right things yeah. Wow talk about having a death wish talk about lying to be turned into a bar of soap. Talk about being turned into a lamb shit. I mean what kind of crazy people like what soap they want to be slept down a road to Armageddon by a bunch of born again fundamentalist guy. I don't get it. I don't understand it even for a minute. But of course these are just people rationalizing and most of them tend to be people with a lot of money which really just want the tax breaks. So they come up with a smoke screen as kind of all of this other crap to cover up the fact that it's just a selfish thing. But anyway how's Todd Dreckton we got that copy for the sour? And you have heard nothing nobody is coming there and giving you a message giving you like a message in a bottle, a whisper, a tap on a shoulder or anything. Duff was just in here with a message. And what's the message? Back then. Not alone guys. No no seriously he's a busy getting a doctor. No he's here he just got back and he's good. Everything came out good. Well that's fine. We don't want to hear about his painful dedication. We'd rather hear about what Todd Dreckton is doing. Now that he's in there we can do something useful which believe me right then is diary when he goes home. Do something useful, Duff, please okay. We've been going through this. This is my last day. Okay. If it doesn't show up for this next break, that's it. Not that it's a big deal. Not that the audience really cares. Just a real good example of the kind of grotesque crap that goes on at WJUAM. And it's totally unacceptable. Anyway here's the poll. What bothers you most about George W. Bush? He's a moron. 228. Where's that to drop in? Don't you have it? Don't who have it? Oh that drop in. I thought you were talking about moron. I don't know. I don't know. And then I had to queue up a duckland. Sorry. Sorry for what? Then I lost it. I forgot what I even put it. Oh brother. Here we some morons. Moron 1208. He's just a face man for neoconic stream is 220. He's a dangerous religious fanatic. 166. Nothing. He's a great leader. 105, 12.6%. You should live so long as the Chinese say. He's a crook. He stole the 2000 election 80. And he's divisive in hate mongering 33. Out 832 votes. That's pretty heavy duty. You know what? We'll take it. And then we will. And then this time of the year, are you to smitten me? There's nobody in town. Even I saw that last week. Every day the draft work was almost like a walk in a park. And it was the week progressed. It got slimmer and grimmer and not much. But then they gave away those jerseys at the ballpark on Sunday. We had 40,000 screaming so-called fans. Man, who are you? People kiddin' huh? Are you kidding me? No. No. No. Oh, but it's Randy Johnson and Donald Trouble. See, and they just haven't been given away that free crap. What you got to do is, all the people that belly it can win and they can't afford this and they can't afford all the food and the admission and the gas and the parking. And if you give something free away, all of a sudden they must have the money tree in a backyard. Remember, Phil Rasudo used to do the spots for the money tree? Well, they must have the money tree growing in the backyard. And they're just, you know, they're savetting it for a future in case times get tough. But just on those days, when there's a free giveaway somewhere, they rush out there to the money tree and they start picking 1500s off of that tree. No problem at all. Hopping to hop in the van, let's all go to the ballpark. We're going to get some free crap. WQA in, hello. 567, 056, pound 56, 180 and 10. And what is all this going? I figured, pardon? I said the gloves are off now. Yeah, oh, yeah, right. Yeah, I'm going to go through those 100 calls. I just made he said he gives up. He wasn't going to call anyone. Oh, Ron? Yeah. Well, what does that mean? That means now it's, uh, I'm going to be serious about it. You or him, wow. We'll see who gives up first. I see. Oh, then that was him. That was him. Oh, I didn't know, then. Who said he wasn't going to call anymore after today? Oh, what a silly fool of you are. Oh, hell. I know that. WQA, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Have you all discussed that clause that the organization has in their fragility? Yeah. What clause is that, sir? Well, by the opening day, if there is a season by the time that the first clock drops, his testicles must also. I like that. Have a great. Oh, and George. In fact, I think there's an equal chance of both. Yeah, George, I have a CD up. You bring in your Franks at the live in 88. And he has a call called the torture never stops. And this will, apropos for, uh, for what's going on. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. Have a great day. That was a good line. So, uh, Franks, apple, we got an Eric idle bit that George is going to have to work for about how many hours. Not turned man. It's completed up and put all the bleeps in, but it is just gray where he rips bush and he rips a Walmart and he rips everybody. Ask croft. It's a beautiful thing. Good old Eric idle man. Money Python. Thank God, there's still a lie. At least most of them are. Which one the tie? Grimchat. Grimchat, and he's dead. But his, uh, memory still lives on. WQA, hello. Hello, hello, everyone. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. That's going. Neil. All right. Neil, I just wanted to call him and chime in on the, I don't know if you've read this guy's shit on 16 years old. Well, I have a list, I don't listen to a large ass junior. No, I don't listen to right wingers. Oh, yeah, he's got me so wild up. You know, he's a big, he's a big bush, bush, or I've ever seen. And he just gets me all around. I don't know if he's blind to see that, you know, there's so many books out there. And, you know, so many movies. He got Fahrenheit nine and eleven. You know, he's getting me so rough. I'll just want to choke the guy I've seen. Okay, well, good luck. You do a good job. 560560, pound five 60 on the 18th and 10th and Verizon Wireless line. But I'm sure he's listening every single day. Just like the people who hate me like poison. Oh, do you hear the things that that bag is saying? I'm not. Yeah, and they're listening right now. By the way, have a nice day or not, is the case maybe what have you choose? Those people on that category. I see, I like I've told you many times before I don't understand that. Life is too short. So less than I keep trying to teach you. I mean, do whatever you like. I realize they have very limited choices. Your radio is basically a toilet now. But I mean, you know, why you listen to things that you know are going to be aggravating and offensive and not that just you just agree with that are just assonant on the face of it. You must be some kind of a man sick or maybe the other possibility is I have no life. That might be it. 567. I want to take, I've got a whole bunch of stuff here, but I want to take a lot of calls of circus. I feel like we shortchanged our listeners. You know what I mean? No, what do you mean? That's what I was trying to say. Now you actually had conversation with this creature. Oh, no, I used the speaker phone here at the one of the studio. What is that I didn't do any speaking? Who did? He did. Yeah. In other words, he was just having a conversation with a, you know, a deadline. Well, how is that possible? I can hear it. He can't hear me and I wasn't saying. But what was he calling on? What was calling him? Right. To check the number to make sure that, you know, was him. Right. And sure enough. And what was he saying? All right, I give up. You know, after we gave his number. I'm not sure what he was. Maybe his caretaker was out, you know, pedaling yourself around town or something. Who the hell knows? Real cheap. No doubt. WQM line nine. Hello. The good good. You. The good. W. W. Hello. I don't know. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. Is this my keen-in? No. Go ahead. Watch one of the Michael Morse's bucks. Yeah. That's it. Okay. Thanks. Brilliant. And so do you. You only wish that you had like one percent of Michael Morse's ingenuity and money in your wallet and in your pocket and your brain. But you don't. And that's your great line. Michael Morse. That took a lot of brilliance on your part, okay? Michael Morse sucks because he reveals the truth because he's got the balls to stand up in front of the world until it like it is. And that this guy can't handle the truth because he's number one in a emotional cripple number two. I have no line. I have no line. Well, I'm sure you're going to have a fantastic impact on the entire audience and our vast audience out there. I'm sure that to be pondering that all day long, here you say that Michael Morse sucks. That's just, uh, aren't you impressed? I understand there's going to be a movie called Michael Morse sucks. Right. And this guy's going to make it. But after we watched Fahrenheit 9-11, a lot of people won't think that Michael Morse sucks since first day after watching Bullying For Column by him. And maybe reading his books. In fact, maybe he has somebody read one of his books to you, sir. And maybe he might change your mind all the way down it. Because it's obvious where you're coming from. Problem at chapter one at five 60 WQAM, VOOM is TV, but not just ordinary pedestrian TV like you're used to, VOOM is high definition TV, delivered via satellite dish and HD receiver. The picture is so superior in a regular TV, you will not believe it. The quality is like comparing the latest DVD to Gueldi's voice. VOOM is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV. VOOM's got the most HD TV anywhere and provides all the equipment you need to enjoy the element HD TV experience, including the dish, the receiver and the mode of course. VOOM is got over 30 channels. VOOM is got over 30 channels of HD programming that you can watch, including ESPN and high definition. That's three times more than you'll get from cable and they've got all your other favorite channels too, like HD. VOOM is got over 120 channels of great entertainment. VOOM has exclusive channels of HD movies, music and sports that you cannot get from your cable or satellite company at all. So with VOOM you get all the stuff you watch and now plus all these new awesome high definition channels on top of that too. For a limited time, special offer, column today or check them out online. The numbers 1866-848-8686 online. You'll find them at home.com. The offer includes free installation, no upfront cost and no long-term commitment either. But you better do it in the next few days because the offer ends, May 31, which is a week from yesterday. column full free, 1866-848-8686 or log on to them at VOOM. www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM.com www.VOOM. hack www.VOOM.com Back during the fall when we actually had people in town now in the middle of the dog days It's already May 25 and we how many people left in South Florida about 30 me all together Not just this audience. I'm talking about the whole town. Oh, and I got some really great news two pieces of good news Okay, number one We had a report from Miguel this morning our very own Miguel Escobar without the official here Who now is telling us that many of these South Florida cubanos are a turn it on bush Yeah, I was lying from the barbershop that we that was live from the cubano barbershop and they scuttled bodies that Uh, no more bush that they're on over this whole thing and a right the rack attack and all of this fallout all these dead people is starting to a piss them off to And what is he done for them lately anyway not much So that's great news and even better news probably the most important story we've ever had on this show Guess what's back here? You know who's gonna love this story? Absolutely. Oh Guess what's back in Afghanistan What's back enough in Afghanistan soccer go oh Yeah, I did like that Yeah, oh look my life would you please repeat the name of the author this your car with times editorial commentary You just read the religiosity place piece. I'd like to oh boys on our bedtime story. It's said by I don't know look it up When you you look it up on time about the golf okay, it's one of the bedtime stories And you'll know which one it is about religious crap no grass no greens the golf is back in Kabul They're playing in in Kabul in the rubble before King off mind the bombed out Ferris to your left Don't aim for the fairway because there isn't one the greens are actually black a mixture of sand and oil the clubhouse is collapsing and has no walls Welcome to Kabul golf club For a decade or so the nine-hole chorus set them on rugged hills and mountains on the outscruts of Kabul has been abandoned And the grass is turned to dusty desert and scrub While there are no bunkers the ball of yours off at impossible angles when a rock When it hits a rock or lands in a ditch The water feature is dried out, but the roll still a plough if you land in it the good news You can use a tea for every shot now two players have been partly on again off again history of the club that reflects Afghanistan's recent past Watery built it During the war against the Russians we were forced to close down said my hammer to Absal Abdul the 46 year is there anybody over that part of the world who isn't any of their Abdul My hammer or a aspire or some lime and what is that? How many names did they got about five right thing? The 46 year old pump professional was the young boy when the course was built when the Mujahideen took over Kabul city We reopened when the civil war began we had a shot again Then the Taliban swept into power and all hope of playing golf Which the hard line Islamic regime associated with wealthy Western diplomats like Mou for example It was lost. I told the Taliban that I used to work with foreigners Abdul said I spent three months in a Kabul jail Things were not much easier under Soviet back leaders in the late 70s and 80s I was arrested by the communist for links with foreign diplomats in spent six months in prison Said my hammered by a sheer pop-out who works with Abdul at the club and helps from the southern city of Kandahar The original course was built by the Afghans during the rain of Muhammad Zair Shah But moved to his presence site after the King's cousin over through him in 73 and may provide new challenges to any modern player But it used to be a lot worse the entire area has had to be cleared of minds in recent months and three Soviet tanks and a multiple rocket launcher Been a rule maybe we wouldn't send motor plate golf in Kabul. What do you say? Oh, it's a landmine mole cow. Oh, no What a shame? It may provide challenges to any modern player I just read that what we need is for people to come and play and help us find restoring the grass and getting access to water Said Abdul from driving from the high per before driving from the high perch of the first team in a way former Taliban Baruch reduced to rubble by US bombers in 2001 the first hole a 371 yard par four drops sharply Then flattens out across a barren rocky stretch crossed by a gravel road Katties are sending a head to spot balls that otherwise I understand that's why they use it though as a candy Why is that? Katties are sending a head to spot balls that otherwise easily disappear in a gluing sun on perch near white earth attention man So they've come in with the answer for our question yet Yeah, the solution huh yes and scratch it That's an answer It's an answer what does that mean scratch it Okay, I'm scratching it and it kind of hurts You get the name of that author No, I'm looking over here through the pages. I don't know Man, oh man you are Huh without the title how the hell you're gonna find it because you know what it's about Yeah, the author of the Chicago sometimes editorial commentary. No, wasn't that editorial? That's what the facts that it well forget about the facts You know the one I've just read let's see a war of the sex scandal of mice and man. I'll find it God Panthers fire a doubly bushboss perseverance war religion and national interest by James a gold's bro. Okay, the relation to Bobby and I'll still the same way It's OU GH James a gold's bro. It's on our website It's on the arraggies.com It's right underneath it's between how fascism starts and bushboss perseverance that rackets be between Iraq and a hard place Okay, there you go and he's right. Hey more sense in the future Thank you five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60. Well that's some answer to the problem. There's scratch it That's quite an answer. Okay, that course that was easy to do and That's what we're gonna be doing at any future times should that pop up on a show We're doing that one's done. Okay, market down today. Right the time. That's done finished WCOM hello. Hi Neo. Yes, man You were talking earlier about that one horrible filthy word s bag that you can't say anymore right, huh? Well, you know, it's so an ask you was that it was in the blondie comic strip I don't know but it that's what inspired us to be word George and I were talking about that before the show today because it's somebody a few people Email to get all bent out of shape because it was used in the blondie comic strip the espaguard Yeah, blondie all thing Yeah, I wasn't even doing very right. Right. There you say Okay, you take it to that, you know, can you take it to your Puss of periods and argue your point. I mean, I didn't know the thing like that Because our superiors are much a weakening jellyfish you got to spin of a new wet noodle in the as a result You know whatever whatever choice over in Naples or whatever that bitch's name is a corporate whatever She says oh, you can't say that you can't do this and so of course they just you know bend over Which are our operations managers got a lot of experience. You are not alone guys right You should give her number out on the air and we can not have a word with her. There you go That's a thought Okay, thank you. Oh, good luck. That's what and don't be an espag See a 567 0 560 in fact I don't even know I mean the espag gets to be better. Oh, do you want it's run at the edge now? We're crawling on that edge Yeah, you're right on the ledge all right in fact You can hear the people downstairs. You all in jump jump can you hear him? I can hear him 567 0 560 pound 560 on the 18 and see in Verizon if he audience only knew man They only had any idea. Oh, gee. You know what fill in the blank whatever does it say? Yeah absolute panic in hysteria WQAM hello Yeah, yes sir happy Memorial weekend Back to your pali and by the way Man, I know You wish me happy victory. They yesterday was a holiday here yesterday Do you know that happy victory? Yeah, too late now Well, we did time to mention that you said queen victory. I don't know of any other victory Victoria principal Victoria. We're saying a lot of queens here now, man. You just a little island you ain't seen nothing like this I'm Tony in fact, it's a little bit of overload of the ass mate It's all right from the big back. That's what the doctor told Muffin. He was inspecting a little overload if he asked me That's the real life. I feel relaxed once again 26 past one at five 60 W 2 a m you know everybody in their brother now is peddling hair replacements. You know what's that? Yes, indeed how many spots of big how many different people on this station? I've heard of them all kinds of hair replacements, but Chuck Alphi years been around for 35 years and you can go waste your money all of the stuff Charlie's the best He's been on a good morning America today show CBS morning news. He is a hair maven from coast to coast because his natural hairline system is the best looking in the world It looks like real here that's growing out of your scalp because the most critical area of any hair system is that hair line And Charles Alfie or his new skin like hair system looks so great. You think it's the real thing as opposed to a mouth you look in peace a dead Muscret And Charlie gives you this guarantee you try a system for 30 days for a month God, man After a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting more asked than you ever had in your life Then return it for a full refund. See I can still say that ass In fact, that's a programming department like sands and Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems including shampoo and So don't delay call Charlie today and change your life forever. Get yourself a great look in peace And look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again forget about the dangerous pills all the other BS call toll free 1-800-3212413 That's 1-800-3212413 or find out more on his website Charles alphi or e.com This country places Gotta off this instant I'm a big fan of the face, big tree and racial hate, I'm a religion better than yours. Oh my God, I'm a religion better than yours. I'm a religion better than yours. But we like about it best, I find the voice and wear a dress. I'm a religion better than yours. I'm a religion better than yours. I'm a religion better than yours. We have no reason for women driving up to make a living mind in Egypt. I know that you're a... I'm a religion better than yours. I'm a religion better than yours. I'm a religion better than yours. To Bahábrá's book because we slaughter pigs and dogs and ghosts. I'm a religion better than yours. Oh, I'm a religion better than yours. I'm a religion better than yours. Praise YOUR! We raise our eggors and make us vote to be given by our pride or謝謝 seine Lord's hearts. My religion is better than yours, we women are a religion better than yours. We now can graaucily love a delicious ، we like fuller and truss the colonizedıp of our scholars, but we respect the fighters who leavezi of ourкладar. We wear ties and ride our bikes and get you very lots of wives by religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We don't want to use our brains where wine was living, our parade by religion's better than yours. Nothing like that compassionate illiteracy to really get everybody together. One thirty two five sixty we got anyone votes to go for a thousand during the show. By two o'clock I think we can do it but it's going to take a lot of a huh? A cake cake cake. What causes you most about George W. Bush that's our poll question. You can take a little peek at Lariflin Boyle too about your in there. That'll be a little peek. Just a little quick peek. Not only longer too long because John Askroth's isle star rolling around like a pinball machine if you do that. And he'll start like looking high and low and side to side side by each. He's monitoring you make no mistake about that. And then if you do that vote on the poll, what bothers you most about George W. Bush? He's a moron 257. I was at about George Bush or Todd REC. By the way, Todd, I have a message for Todd REC and he can't even say what's in the department. By the way, that's it. You and me are yours. Finished. Done. By like that one spot. By the. By the. By the. By the. I would say nice being no one, you, but it wasn't. Bush or more on 257 is just a face man for neocon extremist 248. And and how could anybody not know that. You know, is anybody really believe I mean, even if you just believe it's Dick Cheney without both of its in parole. All those other. What the Leo. What are you talking about? You talk to the mayor. Again, you think it dangerous religious for that. A covered in 16. Nothing nothing bothers them. He's a great leader. 116. 12.5%. And I get to one of the say on the other one. 176 on the other one. 116. He's a great leader. Nothing bothers them. 12.5% Of our audience who need to be. You know, we're going to do. We're going to keep that real busy on November 2nd or whatever. Election day is November 2. I believe it is keep real busy. Keep mockified and kind of like locked in got any plans for that. He's a crook. He stole the 2000 election 89 and he's divisive and hate mongering 35 out of 922. Now we need 78. We can do it. You put your head on the grindstone. Oh, that's cute. This is cute. Did you hear about the Muslim extremist golfer? The recent tournament. The announcer mentioned that he blew up on the tent. When I spy another announcer from a hemorrhage was having a bad day. The first announcer said no, we just blew up. That's bad. Bad. I don't get it. That's because you're not a golf guy. Man, you better get into this golf. You're going to be a Florida man. You better start getting with a golf people. So we never 30 years. If I was a lot more friendly with the golf crowd. If I wasn't ripping them in an answer, how boring that is. Yes, golf courses sure would be great for like a TV's and motor cross fight. Very sponsor. I have no line. And then we understand why this been all the time. And of course, people like our friends. I've been to Spend all this afternoon on the golf course because what else is you're going to do? Hang around and aggravate his wife. How is he doing? You know, I don't want to tell you was mad dog who said to me when I was there last week, but how he would like to be a fly in a wall during one of those arguments in most house? No thanks. I don't want to, can you imagine? I can't believe what you're saying. How can you be a possibly be saying that my piece thinks like crazy. Anyway, Oakalus aboard. I wonder if they let the Muscrap run loose around the house. Do you think they're going to go off? Probably how they get their dog exercise. You chase the Muscrap all around the home. Oakalus aboard bars 12 year old from starting pay and club at school. See, right here, this is in today's Sunsen Londer website. Right here is exactly what's wrong with America and then there are other things too. And don't give me this love and relief of crap. If you love America, you want America to wait used to be. Not the kind of crap, not the kind of fascism we got. Now, not the kind of religious nuts running the country. The lunatics have taken over the asylum in a bloodless school. But I said, but I said, and we got to scare about that guy too on our website. Much too long to read on the ear. About that whole crowd of how they smeared. What's his name? What have you can? Oh, right. They smeared all these people. And anyway, Crestu, the Ocalusic County School Board passed a rule to prevent a 12 year old girl from pouring up forming a pagan club at her school. The board passed a requirement that clubs have at least five members and a faculty sponsored after the girls mother, Stephanie A. Grett had approached officials at Max Boone Junior Middle School in Fort Walton Beach in Florida. She doesn't have enough people to start her club, a Grett told a board during an hour long debate Monday, so this is my opinion. It's just one way the government can shut down on desirable clubs. American Civil Liberties Union members also argue the rule would violate the girls' rights and federal laws an equal asses. We can beat this to that, but I personally think the policy is more than adequate to protect students' rights board member Rodney Walker said. The girl that asked about forming a club based on her pagan beliefs because the school had Christian clubs, her mother said, Bruno refusals are where our told her she'd have to gather 200 signatures to form such a club. 200 heavens, while I'm crest view, they probably don't have no 200 heavens, right? They're all much on brainwash, did the ring idiots. When the agrats complain that this would be official, school superintendent Don Gates proposed the district wide policy with a five student minimum, the agrats in AC and use that any numerical limit violates federal law. School district official, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I really, like I mean, the initiality. Well, you, who Recommended a FootballGoes number one project attention. That, running the city Facebook right The kids made that form a hot session. A human being together. The nation's nothing is like FINAL information. A sport shooter should do that in any way, because of strategy, liberty. Student chceman high Phara slash. One day I see head against the gotaway more 34 regards. Soviet violence with the state." First, remember that the course they are absolutely correct. So all the great wash religions out there. Okay, do that. If they try to take God out of the classroom, all this other crap, all this simplistic idiocy, man. In fact, you know who it was? Who? Who was Ramlin's crap? Do you remember the black guy that was Nick Burr's friend in his hometown in Pennsylvania that was making all the rounds on my head? Remember, him he was everywhere. The neighbor. Yeah, the neighbor is good friend. And then they stare, well, I'm one of his, one of his 500 appearances. He started going off on his whole business about all the things that are wrong and about how they've taken prayer out of the school and got out of our life. And I just about peaked my gut, man. What that was he doing on in the first place? That's what I would like to know. Because he would. I see. He didn't look Jewish to me. At any rate. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and for I, I know my Jews man, believe me. Takes one to spot one. And I also know my, oh yeah. I got the best gate all around the face of the globe. Believe me, man. I can, they don't have to answer those. They don't have to have those pear shaped hips for me to see him. I don't know what your laughing about. That, that is a dead giveaway. What are you laughing about? It's the truth. Don't forget about that queer eye for the queer guy. Oh, crap. I know a fag when I see one. You know what I'm talking about? That don't believe me when I tell you. Johnny Dark has pear shaped hips. Does she really well? My local, your sports video 560, 2AM. See the thing about you that caught my eye. Was the way you're asking to eclipse the sky? I got how to explain the girl I'll try. You've been eating way too many fries. See a cow kind of just like you. No girls got a behind what like you. Back them, I'm 44 and we need 44. 44 more for a thousand of votes on a folder in the show which would really be quite an accomplishment We get a gold star in a purple jelly bean photo mobile If we get 44 mole at 144 you know this that you just asked me this is the most important thing in the history mankind Maybe not but it's an important crap from Josh. Thank you Josh. You're welcome. Not you get out of here It's from a pre-press.net says last year federal communications commission in chairman Michael Powell called for public hearings After millions of Americans to cry his gutting of media ownership rules now he's a no show with a sudden scheduling conflict just one day before his official SEC hearing to listen to public concerns This is an out of outrage. He can all choke up about it. It's an outrage At the last hearing in San Antonio Texas a rowdy crowd of hundreds gave Paul Alashing the last in nearly seven hours Big media representatives cracked under audience pressure Paul was put to shame and he's afraid it'll happen again Let's make sure it does Yeah, I write about that scheduling conflict. In other words, a no show today We're launching a national campaign together a half of my new signatures demanding local FCC hearings in every state in America If you want to sign the petition go to and we'll put it on it. We'll put a link make sure it puts a link Okay, yeah, are you gonna make sure there? I was just doing it go to freepress.net slash rules and sign petition freepress.net slash rules. We'll put a link to it right on our website because we know a lot of you need help Second passes on your friends your colleagues everyone You know who wants local skeptical diverse and competitive media not just have cheap channel and Viacom over Erone every damn station in the country and The past too much alone towels attended the posh industry sponsored National Association of Broadcast is annual convention and the National cable and telecommunications associated in Kerala But whereas he's doing his own localism and diversity public hearing he has a no show just like his present He's a wall a wall Paul It says Michael Paul is a wall and we're not gonna let him get away with it demanding. He'll bring your state go to freepress.net slash rules and it sign Josh Silver I see this is from somebody I said thank you Josh. He's there was a loud LA UB. What happened to him is that? Let me put it over last night. I don't know what that is Thank you whoever sent this PS U.S. Court of Appeals will decide the fate of Paul's media ownership rules Within the next month or two stay tuned for information. So you better get with it PS stay up to date on this and other media issues with our free email news headline service freepress.net get on it hop on it hop aboard, okay It's about time we started seeing little more evidence of people screaming and yelling and carrying on maybe not too late What do we got on that pool now? We got it we got a shot 972 we need 28 and 13 minutes That should be like falling off a log That should be like muff vending over to his doctor's office this morning. No big deal Like fall out of bed, right Right, but father's you most about George W. Bush. He's a moron 274. He's a literate. He's a goofball. He says Where went into doing the things to get the tough draw now forget about tough he's small potatoes, okay Now forget about your Europe says with him. I'm starting to wonder about that and Josh went and show us over Take a look at make sure George don't have a pear shape dance. I boog our rape Oh man whoa That's your president. This is the president of the United States the most powerful Man in the whole freaking world And that's that's what you people are supporting that's what you respect that's what you want that's your leader. That's a leader Esmera president anyway More on 274. He's just a face man for neoconic stream is like scooter liby and Elliott Abrams and Richard Puro and Paul Wilphowitz and Dictane 263 close race. He's a dangerous religious for that equine 83 nothing nothing bothers me. He's a great leader 123 12 and a half percent Been fairly steady most of the day 12 and a half percent or a stubborn no confused them of the facts He's a crook. He stole the 2000 election 94 and he's divisive and hate mongering 38 out of 984. We got only 16 to go easy man We did this has been phenomenal, you know it you'd almost think that was somebody after listening now. No, I don't go crazy I know they've all turned over to Paul and young Ron and Tim and what what is the Paradee got on the other one Tim and slimberry Lex and Harry and Harry and Lex and Schmeck's whatever that is careful Now I'm careful all right believe you me. I've had enough I've had a couple of those already today. There won't be no mold believe me I had that one Man, we had to believe the bleep that good thing. That was at the doctor when we got those four Slip down on the air just in joke. Just relax. Okay. Just stay calm. Okay. Just stay calm Everything is fine. You're job is secure for another week. Well Based on what I'm hearing and of course with Geldi off the panther organization. What is that do I guess? Muffins say in good shape now because it's gonna take the two of them him and Duff June you to be doing all the scheduling now Cause can you imagine how many changes are gonna be during hockey season if we have one? Oh today it's Geldi tomorrow. It's the big and then it's maybe the bit more in the beast now that he's the second of them again That's amazing to me When I was there the beast was just a super-fied that the Moe is now kissing his ass That's something so I guess he's exhausted everybody else in the building looking for an ally the moment and he can't find one He's back to square what again the waddle and beast and by the way, more the beast to one and he party. It can't stand him 150 and in fact wasn't it today after he supposedly made up and kissed my ring and shook my hand back a couple months ago When Moe came in the next morning and screwed the horse just shot himself right in the leg That was the very first conversation after the big comes in and instead of just saying hey We're gonna get along now. We're gonna co-exist in it and spine. Instead of that it comes in. Oh that beast thinks he's gonna make up with me about you know, it's just you know a childish crap for a man who's 85 years old to be worried about little fat waddling Putsis like the beast. I mean come on you new years card. Yeah If he sends anything in the mail have your wife open. Okay, if I tend to musk red open it Hey, if you're still a little bit nervous about buying your bed over the phone have no fear because for over 25 long Amazing years millions of people including yours truly and most of us a QM have dialed 1800 mhtt RES for the best year on the best brands in betting the easiest possible way to get a brain a brain name at risk No risk because of it's not perfect in every way just call it back for a full comfort exchange It's completely free within 30 days No extra fees no strings attached. Now my Chris is ranked no matter all Uno and customer satisfaction Cubans for carry. Oh, man. Or just cute with gonna stay home on Lyshen. They sounds good to me and anyway And if we're winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torts of excellence aboard at dial a mattress when you call 1 800 macros You'll get the best prices on the best brands with delivery on your schedule and that tour on when it was convenient for you And the best customer service in the universe so why would you waste any of your time and harder and cash Slip in from showroom to showroom wasting your time dial a mattress has the complete line of silly sort of King coral Simmons tempered panic and steering's and foster he would from kettle to stew it Palm Beach to Fort Myers dial a mattress can deliver the finest betting around all you have to do is just sit there on your fat can Haven't a few of three do's or whatever you're chewing on and pick up the phone to make one easy call. That's all it takes 1 800 macros. That's 1 800 mhtt rES or online You'll be fighting them at macros.com Package Cancer You believe in me What they say And they take like the gold I have fallen on full I say you may think I stay in a state of the war And too All the election bonds We got a We got a Real God You're the one You're the one Welcome 157 only a couple minutes away from the mad dog Here's a great fact from by the way 1,000 and 24-foot Nice job folks You see the colors and But the listeners out there They're great aren't they? The clickers We got the clickers Anyway Tracy and Kendall says Speaking of religious nuts On my flight home from hemat California Yesterday a father was discussing Bible verses With his young daughter in a row behind me I'm used by such bubble mice He's I listened in Not knowing the Bible I could couldn't tell you the exact passages But the verses she was reading involved I for an eye, murder, etc The father was impetically supporting the violence And death And the passages to his daughter she replied But isn't that wrong? I thought murder was a sin The father instantly got angry and said You're not listening stop reading so much into it I like to do with smile Even a child could see that religion was different than the verse And it was nice to hear her challenge the brainwashing Have a great day You too Tracy, thank you That's for you sweetheart How do you like that? Even a child It makes me smile like a child Right Thinking about adult sea They brain they get you early When you're young and they just rumm it in there Just like the Nazis did All the other expert brainwashings do Just like all the so-called cults Which is this small potato is the cults We're talking about organizations Tax fee organization that if millions and millions of brainwashing masses out there Man People have been conditioned into this crap Rather than like dealing with a world around him Like intelligent human beings All know the end days are coming All the other crap You have to be some kind of an imbistool You have to be certifiable You need to be locked up somewhere in the program You might remember the days back when a cult thing was really big Oh yeah, the moonies and all that right And then I hit all these experts that used to go around the programming kids Well, how about we have some people to program folks who are brainwashing But he's religions, okay? Especially all these orthodox to fundamentalist Jews and the fundamentalist Christians And the fundamentalist Muslims I'll go get the duct tape and the phone book And don't forget the viscween Or that queen And I'm telling you watch out for the old pear shape You know, first I told you about the finger thing Am I wish finger reshorter? You know, I told you that Right, I believe me Huh? I forgot that rule Well, you better watch out for that finger That's what the doctor told up this morning He said it felt like a finger anyway And then the other thing is the old pear shaped ass Now when clearance comes into our morning In fact, you probably won't come in again If he's listening right now Oh seriously, that's this is the way to find out for sure Because he claims that this girlfriend and all this other crap Watch as he waddles away as he can Because first of all on Friday he was doing that You know, the thing which we can't say on the ear again And watch if he's got the old pear shaped butt Bye bye Bye bye That from your show I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry But where did you say