Oh, it's no end to you like every single thing is. Tonight on Al Jazeera, it's the muslim world's number one sitcom. It's the muslim world's own music on everybody loves Ramadan. Starting Ray Romano as everybody's favorite radical playwright, we've got an outside of it. RedD 라�と思ons. Superb and Z για la lighting. 34 or 15 votes for half a bat. I like my own way, what we're supposed to be for a little guy, a little guy, a little guy. And now I know it, come here to ride my motorcycle, there you go. Bad Garrett, as I hide a loy. A dial poker piece, the old adventure with you is stupid. We brought up the job. And here, Royal has a grand-eye toner, Oli, house, his tummy. Holy war! Everybody loves Ramadan. So the food is huge, and the rubber dog. That's tonight, and every night of November, it's all my joy to ask. I'm a man and see a size honor city on Al Jazeera. It's 11.15 at 5.60WQM happy Monday today. What's not to like, baby? The dolphins finally won again. The pig did everything in the wingland, is it's here in the process now? Are you upset? Hey, Garrett, red sauce, Carrie's going to win next Tuesday. See the pattern following her? Here's our poll question today. What's your take on Bill Clinton campaigning this week for Carrie's? Great. It'll put Carrie over the top. It can't hurt. Can't we have cut and back for another term? It won't help bushwinds a lot of kibishment. I think that pretty much covers it to him five choices there. What's your take on foot and campaigning this week for Carrie? Great. It'll put Carrie over the top. It can't hurt. Can't we have cut and back another term? It won't help bushwinds, and I don't give a shmit. That's those your choices. I want you right now before we get into the Miss Camalthing, and then I want to tell you what we're going to be doing now. We've got to bail ourselves out. We're certainly not going to get any ass systems for anybody else. We're kind of like been thrown to the wolves now. Those wolves in that one bushyard where they show all the wolves there. We've been thrown to them. We're kind of like, I don't know. We're just in limbo doing the limbo rock. But anyway, in the meantime, we'll watch you to think of these numbers. If you want you can drop these down. If you got a pen, I had George do this before to show us the ready pressing story. Write down these six numbers. One. Are you writing Josh? I am here, actually. It's one, eight, thirteen, twenty-four, twenty-seven, forty-three. Okay? Okay. Now, the six, forty-nine lottery here in Canada on the Ontario, was a $15 million jackpot on Saturday. So I played 80 bucks. There are no taxes on the lottery winnings here. No matter where you're from. And of course, the Canadian dollars now, eighty-two cents just about, which is the disaster. The American dollars in the toilet. The euros, 128, the pound is like a buck, eighty-five. So the Canadian dollar. So there was 15 million Canadian, it would be twelve million US with no taxes. Now, underneath those numbers, I want you to write these. Okay. What? One? Eight. Fourteen. Twenty-four. Twenty-seven. Forty-three. I got that. Just missed, huh? That not only just missed, but by one vision. One digit. That's not that before. It's that of thirteen. I got fourteen. But all the other five numbers are right. So instead of fifteen, million I get fifteen, hundred and seventy-four dollars in sixty-cent. Yeah, I just throw it away. Just a few zeros short. You know? There. Now, if I wouldn't have had that thirteen, then it would have been fifteen million dollars Canadian. You think I'd be here today? No, no. The three people are saying, oh, if I ever won the lottery, I'm going to go back to my shoe-shines stand and I'm going to keep, yeah. Right. I would be sending a blistering goodbye telegram to a certain people in that building. I don't mind mention no names, Greg, but just down to where the sticker were to move on, don't shine. But unfortunately, that's what I call it. Also, I do want to say this. We got that nine eleven ten-and-a-one strike thing back up there. Thanks to that color, it reminded me, I'm Friday. Right. On our website, please, please watch that. Now, I can get it to play on my computer, so I go to the original site where I found it. Okay. In fact, we really got to put a link to that, because maybe you're not not the only one to can't get that to play. But you really have to watch that. Have you looked at it? You just don't have it. And then up to make it like, uh, I know that I was just your government. We're lying to you. You understand that? I would never suggest that. Right. We talked about it during the Philan show. The American Spearacy Theory kind of guy, but there are a lot of unanswered questions. Yeah. I'm not putting this up. I mean, like, where's the plane? Yeah. Like where's the plane ready part of it? Right. A single shoe, where a suitcase, or the black box. Anything. Right. Because that plane, the one that they said about it on him, and the Jack commercial jet, that easily could have gotten into the ocean. And nobody would ever know. You never see that in no mode. Anyway, speaking of no mode, here's somebody you may see no mode. And this come out. I guess this stress of all those hurricanes must have gotten to her. You know what? Soundfloor to television personality, Bill Kamal was arrested in Fort Pierce, Sunday. It's part of a federal investigation of alleged sexual predator activity, according to law enforcement officials. The popular chief meteorologist for the WSB in Fauxophilia is accused of arranging, on that's right. I forgot it's a fox affiliate. Well, I first got Bill O'Reilly with his phone hanky, Frankie. And now you got this. Is accused of arranging to have sex with a minor sources say? Kamal 47, the Miami Beach was arrested in Fort Pierce, a co-strumound 1 PM when he showed up for a scheduled meeting. That he had arranged by the internet with an underwage person. And then interesting how it's happening. Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting. Yeah. It's interesting. Yeah. It's interesting. Why don't you call it a little boy? It's a little boy. It's a little boy. Yeah. By the name, Billy. Was it a lot like Paparale, they suck her. Instead, when he was met by detective arrested in Missour said, at last, check him out with being held at St. Lucy County jail on St. pornography charges, he's expected to make his birth appearance on separate federal charges. New West Court today. US immigration customs enforcement and St. Lucy County Sheriff's Office, as well as US different East Office, Miami, declined to comment on the US. Nina Prudeva. Spokeswoman for the immigration agency and Miami confirmed that only that St. Lucy County and federal agents arrested a person on Sunday afternoon, would have been targeted by this sexual task force, Operation Predator, which was launched last year, Prune to refuse to identify the person who would have found the charges. Lily, parto, I wonder if she's kind of done, parto, you think? I don't know. A fox spoke to him and said the station was unaware of the arrest of time for the comment. Until we have the facts, we can't make a statement. She said, even then, it's our policy not to come on personnel matters. Come on, could not be reached for comment. The station cannot provide the name visit attorney. It's not the first time C'mon has been in trouble. Last November, the weatherman was arrested in Fort Lauderdale on charges of driving under the influence of alcohol. Police say they're some driving erratically in his black J.U.R. Police have come out called for a DUI investigator. C'mon, failed to survive the test agreed to a breath test, which he blew. 1.153 and 459 blood alcohol levels nearly twice to point away legal limit. He was arrested post to $500 bond. How come that case was unfair yesterday? In 2000, he faced similar DUI charges. When a Florida highway patrol trip for five to silver 1998 Corvette, against the concrete barrier wall in the westbound lane of I-95 near US-1. Those charges were reduced to reckless driving. Here in Multinia, from all the attorney in the 2000 DUI, West was also one of the new ones. They pocketed a meteorologist's minimum channel seven for a decade. He went on the year more than 300 times during the recent series of hurricanes in the entail. When the storm hits I crashed because that's when my work is done. He told her recently news is news after it happens. Whether it's news be a quarter happened. What if whatever it means you do with them? No, no, no. So, for Ms. Kamal, the weather for you. How come that new pull is not there yet? Please don't tell me you didn't fact that to Eric. Of course I did. Well, right now is it. Maybe I need to refresh you got it. The Clinton pull? Nope. What is the story with that child? Man, oh man, what is going on here? I feel like we've been abandoned. You know, like we're a stepchildren. The stepford children, of course, He didn't have audio for the longest time this morning. Why not? You're asking me. You know, there was we weren't streaming this morning. Well, first of all, we were streaming until we came on after 11 o'clock. So, how could he have had audio? No, no. After we came on, I'm talking about. Really? Take a shot. Well, we're ready for the new pull. Eric, okay, so put it shot and then quit screaming. Okay. Okay, well, we come back after the break. Then we're going to talk about what brainstorm what is we're going to be doing. And that brainstorm. We need to talk about it. Right? Right. Because we can't, this business is coming on like in the middle of an hour. It's just, it's coming. It's very obvious. It's Columbus. We're getting slaughtered by our own people. By six past eleven and five, six DWQM. It's always a great time to call 1-800 mattress. And I was an even better time because Dalamacris is slashing prices on surdimantris's. It's called 1-800 mattress right now. It's having an additional 5% off their super low factory-direct prices on top of these surdimantris's only at Dalamacris and in mattresses. Only at Dalamacris and in mattresses. That's right. Do you understand that? No. That's right. Call 1-800 mattress today. You'll get fact-read-direct prices on all-saving posture fetus. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get same delivery all across South Florida. You pick the late time for delivery to fit your schedule. Think fat-bloom, I must add a couple of roles gotten the way when we're trying to print this thing up. And of course, like they always have been Dalamacris's on time 99.7% of the time. Dalamacris continues to be ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. And these folks are winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau local torch of excellence award. I've been calling Dalamacris for years and you ought to be doing the same if you need it. If you haven't eaten today for new wedding, don't put it off another second. Well, if fat-bloom, I must as blood sugar must be like 700. Log on to mattress.com. Dalamacris, column now, 23 and 1-800 mattress. And the last time of this copy, and orders is missing all together. Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Oh god! He was the best! Oh fat-bloom! Wow, there are two things I'd like to say to him right now. Hi, yeah, pal. And of course, the second one we can't say on the ear. Anyway, Dalamacris, like I said, mattress.com on a wicked web, or column 23, 1-800-MAT-TR-ES. He's a new Rogers exclusive wedding. He's a fun-seeked human. Do drugs pack him? He's done fun, it's worth to me. He's done fun, it's worth to me. He's done fun, it's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. He's worth to me. Well, subjects are realistic in some ways. I remember ears and ears are roaring. Come here do what you suggest, read your book. www.psik.selo.ms.er, much more wild food. Who works for us, Tom Home? I love that. A little stuff piquets on our door. I'll feed you. Would you please rent my bed. twenty seven before I book out right known as five sixty w q i'm forty nine quick votes on the pool what's your take on built-in campaigning this week for john theory can't hurt sixteen can't lay a button back in other terms fifteen great little putteria over the top ten i don't give a schmith for animal hell bushwinds for out of the first forty nine quick votes got it bad okay so here's the deal and uh... again we're just we've been like shown to be uh... wolves here on this show is like we're uh... stepped over i think i just said that we moments ago and a fact that matter is a bad true i mean uh... this this whole thing was so it all conceived and so poorly thought out and not just discussed at all ahead of time until after the thing was a done deal with a stern show and this is not kind of stern show and it's not kind of uh... the way this whole thing has been put together look at like a nightmare and so originally when they said to me well you know if you want you can do just a little bit too a little bit of a feeling they're in uh... you know when how it ends every day which is a hell of a way to program radio station but never less that's basically what we are going to do although you know we're going to continue controlling our own destiny and it would not come up in this to any kind of crappin every two and like ten twenty or ten thirty right on uh... so we'll give you know will come on whatever how it gets done every day now today we locked out it was like a lot of like eleven or one of them right right right on how he keep going maybe keep their robbing bitch going but uh... so we'll be out so officially those people who are listening to some other show or don't know when they'll work starting uh... you can tune into eleven o'clock and feel safe you see what i'm saying right we will start with a b new curtain stuff and a pull result from the previous day and a pull for the next day and with the important stuff that whatever it is or unimportant or goofy stuff we're going to talk about whatever because uh... that there has got to be there is no show in the history of mankind ever not a top show may i'm using show makes no difference but a top show that starts like uh... and whatever well whatever right well what times your show i'm a well whatever ten sh and uh... that yeah even on the schedule here look at this even on the schedule says the Howard series of ten six to ten or so well what about that means and obviously part of this deal was supposed to be that we're going to get this great lead in well i hope so i hope that's true for the next fifteen months until the Howard gets serious but uh... it sure has happened in the summer book wow three years first five weeks plus the fact that uh... the buzz in pombie ten almost a two-share and twenty five fifty four after never showing up in the date and proud market before whatsoever and what we did on our full right there a third of the audience who listen to this is to her listening on another station because it's a obviously taken pick it up it's on a family sounds better on i think and most importantly i'm sure is the fact that they play the whole show on expregated with all the uh... creeps in there so i suppose to sound like a dysfunctional a piece of Swiss cheese with eighty million holes in it that you can't decipher what a road map and a compass uh... you understand what you get to show i mean while if you had the choice why would you listen to us to it i'm saying that this is an unkindly should have thought about a proper obviously there was a tremendous amount of planning and forethought and really careful uh... strategizing here before they put this thing on here and then of course it blows up in her face anyway with stirring saying uh... always going to serious in fifteen months anyhow and he's going to be off commercial radio which means off of this station too and of course if in finnities should say they have like next week well guess what i heard that you're promoting serious too much we want to go in a different direction so even start on serious right now whatever you want to do good luck thanks for the memories and all the money made us and goodbye what do we do then hockey fans uh... uh... i don't know well i mean isn't that something about okay we're gonna throw more back on here more and uh... more bandie and maybe a tonie Bruno now that's what's on jikkis suggesting oh yeah tonie broo be up pre-autobi on here somewhere one of his q and a in the sun several yesterday somebody else with a health tonie broo no disappear to the laughing high enough was really annoying and the jikkis responses although when stirring goes off in fifteen months tonie broo be a perfect fit for a a q and when he go back to sports in a morning all in a few people back to sports is already doubt i don't know it's about by fifty months what kind of sports audience of how what percentage of the sports audience we've been able to have that i've turned it in fifteen months i mean there's all kinds of crackle and on from what i'm a scene in hearing and feeling and smelling man rain so that's the deal you can feel free to cost to be clear started eleven o'clock in course of you tune in earlier than that if you're a journalist here in your listen all the way through we love that that's great but i'm just giving you advanced notice so those people are sick and tired or like trying to you know keep punching and punching is nehman yet because what do they are i mean i had a better chance of winning that lottery on Saturday which i almost did uh... than than than the people having like they have to be psychic they have to be psychic seventy percent of our audience doesn't listen to and so there's seventy percent of the people have to be psychic to figure out when i'll let show starts you talk about giving somebody a handy crap that's just an acceptable to me or the judge or even the judge court is is pretty pissed off about it nice time i heard aren't you oh yeah yeah meanwhile the big story of course i'm three hundred eighty tons of explosives powerful up to be used to detonate nuclear warheads arm missing from a former Iraqi military facility that was supposed to be under american control the u.s. nuclear watchbook says or is that nuclear militia flaming i wonder if he's related to the late bitflamming remember the book of the big plumbing truck militia flaming spokesman about the way Brian series is god nice ballad Brian we went to the greatest crowd here in tromato seventy would buy and what guy he's the best best in a world brand and how about that frankie to torry see you have no idea what i'm talking about it in perfect for a little bit of to fill in between uh... but how it went to love militia flaming spokesman for the international atomic energy agency the i.a.a. told see an enemy wrecky enter interim government reported several days ago that the explosive were missing from the out now see you had a big careful i sent me very care it's felt to a q a a there looks to me like al caca complex up a baga caca right explosives consider powerful enough to demolish buildings were detonated nuclear warheads nuclear warheads oh my god wonder i.a.a.a.a. control until the west of the region of racken march 2003 i.a.a.a. workers left the country before the writing began so that all the stuff out there in lyrton were supposed to take care of it and he was to say we didn't our immediate concern is that if they exposed to the did fall into the wrong hands they could be used to commit terrorist acts and some of the bombies that we've seen from him said he said the i.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a. already been used to help kill some of our people in a bunch of innocent rackies also like that slaughter they had over the weekend again and the people boy just doesn't end and the people out there who don't want to get it the bodies of fifty rackies soldiers found in these are just guys who would just sign up yeah they were just on their way home after graduating from training they were ambushed of course now we're finding out that there are people on the inside who find out all the information about where they're going and coming going they set up these only checkpoints and then i think you're all dead and which munitions of being guarded with that he or she would understand there are many more just like that one right the soldiers appear to have been forced to lie face down on a ground and were shot dead close range and forty nine to the fifty bodies already found and also discovery the soldiers bodies was followed by news that he was security official assigned to the west embassy in Baghdad was killed by a mortar attack on the west army base near Baghdad so we've got a slaughterhouse so we got a nightmare we've got a clagmar of the biggest story we've got all kinds of cock-ock-ock going on if i can say that can i say it all and there you go so let's be more to person for this great war he worked it's war right for you to be more on terrorism is it anything to do with terrorism no yeah but don't confuse the seventy five percent of your publicans who still believe that sold it was saying that somebody who would nine eleven and he was uh... hot and that he had weapons of uh... asked destruction don't confuse them of the fact because a lot of them are pretty them of stupid nineteen till noon if five sixty w q a m i r s tax problems have a way of the strowing your life baby they take a tool on your financially physically and emotionally too it can never really forget about those iris problems as you have nightmares about a morning wake up at a morning you're in a cold sweat cp eighteen the buck walled in the buck wall tax firm can help and your i r s problems for ever and give you back peace of mind that's why other types cp and law firms refer to the funds to the buck wall tax firm when they have iris problems line out of wood potential criminal prosecution get all unfiled tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records supposedly have an iris lean wades of the old payroll taxes and penalties or you want to settle for thousands less than you really oh maybe need time to pay whatever the deal is with you the buck wall tax firm can help they offer you a free initial consultation affordable guarantee fees and immediate relief of iris harassment and best of all you never have to even meet with the iris because the buck wall tax from handles all meetings and discussions you don't even have to be there call nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred that's nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred whether you are ten thousand dollars a million whatever the iris taxes the buck wall tax firm cannot be out call them today for your free consultation nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred or visit them on the web at wwww dot iris feed and dot com and stop worrying about the rs not gonna get your front or your back door if i can say that call them today nine five four five seven five five five hundred five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five 30 air six six six three fifty five seven five five five f into six five five five five six six five six six Then one thing right or another at least that's what the couple fully offers who found them having sex and made new boots in the store's window display. Right. The officer was fighting to a birdbird arm at Husky and a western wear, tapped on a glass door, disturbing poling, grace, rainwater, 20 and brightly-carc 18. The couple was nicked, the carc managed to cover himself with one hand and waited to police officer with the other. The officer told the couple to get dressed and by the way you better get on his fat ass and tell them that small runs today. I better get a run and start there. What a vision that is. We got to have a new piece of copy for that because that thing is in a barge. I thought was that piece of garbage you sent. Oh, are you completely dead? The officer told the car, it doesn't make any sense. Told the couple to get dressed, correct or show they didn't and they took off running. A call for backup brought more officers to the streets and tour arrested. It was charged with burglary resisting an officer with solid gun officer and an indecent exposure. They operated the trenches with scented and mirrors 7500 bucks small potatoes. Speaking of that, she had two bodyguards, four dogs, a surgically enhanced double-deacub bust and almost 600 paid book on the best seller list. And the fact she spends a lot of her time naked is nothing to do with living in the sunny climes of scott-staylar, or asana. All the naked people all the time. Indeed, if a sum of social subjects in foreign stars of the new social lights, Janet Jamison, who's watching memoirs has been on the New York Times' bestseller list for months now, is more at home in a jeep dream than an evening gown. How to make love like a porn star, a cautionary tale written with Neil Strauss, is more self-absorbed than Bill Clinton's autobiography, although Jamison said, Pinten had more sex. That depends, of course, on what one means by sex unrivably the thrust of Jamison's Uber, the book teams with pictures of bear breast comic book panels of a handwritten diary and reason graphic detail. I've had women tell me, on their idle 30 year old Jamison's hidden interview. I've heard of me. They want to be like me, they're similar glamour icon, but they don't realize they're more fosses. I mean, facets to me besides spreading my legs. Born in Las Vegas, a cop turned criminal father in a showgirl mother who died when she was two, Jamison ended the x-ray at the world of the age of 17. Lining to be a strip word, Vegas's crazy horse, two of the voluptuous blonde was told to come back after getting rid of her braces. That's right, Jamison said she yanked them from her teeth with pliers and wire cutters and never looked back. Change you a name to Jamison after the Irish whiskey, tomato way from strip-red-x-rated photo model eventually becoming a porn performer, the book chronicles a litany of surdadesca plays including a gang rape, and Jamison's eating disorders, drug addictions, and numbers lesbian and three way of affairs both on camera and off. As a cinematic porn goddess, Jamison said she worked only five times a year, usually with the same partner. I was lucky that I've caught any sexual diseases even though I worked without condoms for two years. You said, Today Jamison said she's been an agamist happening married and only has sex both on and off screen with her husband, J. Grigina, and adult film studio owner and vizns on to manure. A couple started a film production marketing and web hosting company, so with Jamison and millionaire who no longer needs to bear her body for bucks, one wonders why she first sits. I love what I do for the VG said, Racken on the cigarette, the only VG still claims to have it. I'm also trying to change the way the industry is run, which is mostly hit by men, who don't take women seriously as business people, to change things for girls going to the industry. I have to continue. I want to continue. You're out of your eye. There you go. You're all Jim and Jamison. Who George no like anymore? Never liked there at all. squealing. Really? WQAM. Hello. Hello, Big women. Yes sir. I want you to check something out for me. I'm in the car. Yes? I heard a story about Bill Cummall. Do you know anything about her? I've got your reading in 25 minutes ago, man. I just got in the car. I'm sorry. You're going to get one of the cheese and got service man. She's got problems. You're out of power, William. Yeah, right. Yeah. You're going to be helping hand, man. You first. A devil worshiping Santa and a world name. He's become the first registered Satan. Is in the British Armed Forces. Chris Kranmer, 24. A technician serving on the type of 202 friggin cummerlin has been a official recognizes a Satanist by the ship's captain. That great? Excellent. That law's sent in for former Satanic rituals of word permits him to have a non-Christian Church of Satan in the field will issued a big kill in action. A spokesman for Britain's Ministry of Defense told CNN yesterday that they had a duty to allow members of the forces to practice their religion. He ended up that the Modi was an equal opportunity employer which didn't stop anyone for having their own religious values. The Modi. You know, Modi. I know, I know, Modi. Maybe the place stands for Modi's David Howard. The rule made me realize this kind of approach because it's clearly aligned with court regulations. We are not aware of any other individuals who want to be registered as Satanists. Kranmer, 24, comes from Edinburgh, Scotland, is now lobbying the must be the Fence to make Satanism a registered religion in armed forces. He says he wants Satanists to be able to join the military without fear of marginalization and the necessity to put up with Christian dogma. And there are few things in the world worse than Christian dogma. The sentence has to be told CNN that Kranmer went on, went to his commanding office to request to practice his beliefs on board the ship. And after consultation with the ship's chaplain, this was granted. I wonder if he's going to be able to look at a dead ticket of the door of his cabin. Go. Kranmer, who's been aboard the Combo Lens Tour of Duty in the Indian Ocean in Persian Gulf and San Francisco, said that being registered as Satanist in the freedom of religion, I wanted to spite his controversial nature. And then it goes on to talk about witchins and... And then of course, something that I really couldn't care less about. I don't even know why I'm talking about this only you forced me to do it. Singer actually Simson's extra help. And why is this even a story? Because everybody hates her and she's screwed up so we have to... Wow, screw her, okay. No. Singer actually Simson's extra help may have been exposed when a 79-life audience heard her voicing the wrong song while she had a microphone at her waist. Oh my God. Her record company blamed a computer glitch for the bitch and blamed her band for Sunday mornings in Sydney which cut off her plan performance of the song autobiography on the network comedy show. Simson had performed her hit single pieces of me with her incident earlier in the show. It's a good thing it's not called pieces of ass when he was able to say the name of the song. I don't think we even say bowling for a soup. Bolling for a f***. When she came back a second time her band started playing in the first line to sing in pieces of me could be heard again. Then I left out the first time that's happened I see that happened before, sure. She looked momentarily confused as the band taught in head with the song and vocal was quickly silenced. Simson made some exaggerated hopping dance moves. Then walked out the stage three five second time we took her on and we see quickly cut the commercial. What can I say, I guess, goes dude Lauss said with Simson standing next to him at the end of the show live TV. Why need to say she sucks? Exactly Simson said I feel so bad my band started trying to wrong song. I didn't know what to do so I thought I'd do a whole down. Her company, a record company, Giffinwreck, considered as a computer glitch instead of some pre-tick electronic percussion the recording of pieces of me started mistakenly performing the record company Simson statement. But it sounded suspiciously like a guy vocal as a common although almost always unspoken concert aide. Either the singer lived sings by Maldon Words to a backing tape whereas a live microphone and sings along to the tape and the voice sound were powerful and it really is. Such vocal trips of it used before on a showmaking set or night live not entirely live set as show when set or spoken condition I'd be a big deal. A Giffin spoke to him and did immediately return to call for comment. Simson's walkoff joins a lore of other unexpected music moments on SNL. Elvis Costello's stocking and changing songs on live TV and trying to hit a counter tearing up a picture of a pub which we love a lot. Hugo Shine had we like your tones. 5 6 7 0 5 6 D. 5 6 D. On a variety in singular wireless lines WQAM hello. Yes sir. Did you know Bill Clinton is going to beat down town Miami today at five years? Yes. Yes he is. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Down town I'm here. Down town is the uh... Come on. Sit down. Right. And father-con. All right. Thanks for the good news, pal. No problem. Give my big kiss on what's for us. We love Bubba on this show. I should have voted for that. How about another four years please. Come on. I mean I don't want to go in with it. I don't want to go in with it. It's Monday at my game by depressed the whole litney of things they're going on. It's so negative. How anybody with an arctic larger than their thumbnail could go for bush has to be a crazy person. Ask yourself this question. Not only are you better off than where you're four years ago. You like the way things are going. Like it says in the song that we played dialogue by Chicago. You like the way things are going. Watch your take on Bill Clinton's campaigning this week for Kerry. 235 Otsaw already. Can't we have come back another term 90? It can't hurt 76. Great that a foot carrier with the top 37. I don't give a Schmidt 19. And it will help bush winds 13 off-brothers. You're a thing to me who rushes. I'm going to have a look at my second. 8. I'm going to hell you down. I like the fact that I have been very magul and massage my balls. I listen to the new writers for the one that I've been doing. Well I think it's the most mean next song release. Of course not on Yale. Wars of William, movies. Now it's before Bobby. Mom, she's coming to you. When you're not going to have a little bit of words. She's meant to. I'm going to be sure to go. Where is he going to go? He thinks he's so long. There. Mom. And I'm going to be a buddy. A buddy who is going to get an orange. He's going to be a guy that I like made all of them. He thinks my spell of being really involved. Being involved. I'm going to be a guy that I like. You like my boy. He's so strong. He's not strong. He's not strong. He's not strong. He's not strong. He's not strong. He's strong. He's strong. He's strong. He's strong. Of course he's strong. He was a buddy. The one who's going to have my buddy. And she wants to go to the star. I love the big weapon. I love the red and top of you like my boy. But we're here in trouble. Just this. And I don't even know Jack's provot. But I'm going to be a buddy. Just like she and me. Why tell him. They would call me on the pen and they won't be taking me. I'll give you a one and a third. Two, three. Let's check it out. A sign, star. Let's check. I want to be a buddy. I'm saying. I'm saying. You're a buddy. You're a buddy. You're a buddy. You're a buddy. You're a buddy. You're a buddy. You're like my buddy. Probably one at five, 60 WDQ. Here's a facts from Sony and Tom B. She says all week in the comedy channel played the 50 greatest South Park episodes. They were very funny. They'll have to be the question for half you can answer. Since comedy central is a basic cable broadcast. Isn't it something for the same language restrictions that you're a subject to? No, it's on cable honey. How come Cartman can say and you can't even fart? Well, I can't fart just out on the air. Just not love no food here. It says love Sony and Tom B. That's the way it is in the web of commercial radio. And let me also make one other point to you. That stars the ratings that came out that district. I'm still unbelievably depressed about that whole thing on Friday. I mean, we've had other books that were not all like great. We've had some that were great in some in between. But this was just so devastating. After having said back in the spring, man, we just, we've got to woke by the balls. We were kicking ass. Right? Right? Right? And then all of a sudden, nowhere comes this thing. And again, diddling with this show. You know, what they do the rest of the day, I came control. I mean, because they just never stop. But diddling around with this show. The highest rated show on the station for the last seven years, a money maker guaranteed. And they just can't stop messing with it. First they try to show them back to nine o'clock to try to salvage it. It looks like Disney did an IOD. All I would need to squeeze some of the show in a morning drive and salvage one. Yeah, that didn't work. Because again, people listen to morning shows. We're all of a sudden, I'll turn over nine o'clock for the benefit of my career. And then all of a sudden, we're starting like a 1040 and 1030 and 1055 and 1115 and 1035. Whenever the hell it all knows when. And this just is a nightmare what's going on here. But one thing I'd like to pull them out to, another reason that, and it was no promotion. Have you seen a billboard, a newspaper ran, a TV spot, a campaign that's stern as on QAM. A stern and a deal back to back. No, and most people, I know this comes as a tremendous bullet. Maybe you want to write this down to right on your arm. See what is a momento. Most people out of the age of 100 don't even listen to AM radio. Oh my God. Right. Isn't that a shock? A shock. Most people out of the age of 200 don't even listen to AM radio. A lot of people out of the age of like 50 don't even know what AM radio is. They think it's connected to your pop-up toaster or something. They think it's connected to your classmate bag. Then all of a sudden, AM radio is. So the idea that, wow, the word is going to get out word of mouth and people are going to be tuning it. No, people are tuning out. That's the problem. Now, there was the audience that we worked for years to build up. The more the sports nerds and all of you, whoever else we had going and Joe's a big audience, Joe Rose, they were tuning out. That's very obvious. Now, do we have any idea when the hour by hours are going to become an M will be tomorrow? We'll be winning. This is going to really, this has been a tell you a lot. It will be enlightening. Yeah, it will be mighty enlightening. All right. I can't wait to see that. Limba, I wasn't at our use my inquiries stuff. It's to fill in stuff. But this one can't wait. Just like Michael said in Gaffa, it can't wait. Limba and Newseek are rush into love on the rebound, says the National Enquirer this week. Misery loves company. Just 10 months after Rush Limba is left with 10 years split from the radio top show star. He's in a hot, but this one can't wait. Just like Michael said in Gaffa, it can't wait. Limba and Newseek are rush into love on the rebound, says the National Enquirer this week. Misery loves company. Just 10 months after Rush Limba is left with 10 years split from the radio top show star. He's in a hot new romance. This makes me want to get on the floor and throw up. All of this is much as that book on Friday. Not quite. He's in a hot new romance with CNN anchor Darren Kagan, who's also on a mevan from a failed relationship. I wait to near if she was in a relationship with. There'd be a lot of puking going on. Darren 41 had pretty much given up on men after Dr. Sanjay Gupta. Oh my God. CNN's honor medical expert dumped her not once but twice if it had been during truly inquire. Darren was deeply in love with Sanjay, and then one day he just flout, Todor was over. He turned her over. It turns out that Sanjay kept another girlfriend in Michigan. But after things didn't work out with the other girlfriend, Sanjay came crawling back to Darren and she forgave him. Just when it seemed everything was fine. Oh, we're fine. Sanjay dumped Darren again. This time he told her he didn't have time for love life and he dumped her ass again. After Sanjay dumped Darren the second time she told me, that's it. I give up obviously don't have the sense to pick a good man. Maybe I should just settle on Bing's single. That's when Rush came along. Rush is trying to put his life back together after batmug in addition to pain-tellers, new Darren socially for years but romance never ended the picture. Darren is the kind of woman Rush would call a feminazi. She's outspoken, liberal and bleaks woman deserve to be treated as equals of men, said Darren's friend. But about two months ago, Darren and Rush started talking by phone. I hope she won't have any tapes. And exchanging emails after a social gathering before you know they were a couple. Darren's friends are in shock. Seeing her with a 53-year-old folding Puggy guy as weird, politically Rush is the poor opposite of Darren. Strange as it sounds, Darren tells her friends the Rush can be very sexy, tender and loving. She actually working on getting into softness public image. She'd love it if he was a little more liberal but she's willing to take him as is because she loves him. And at a source posted a couple, Rush is desperately trying to rebuild his life. He was terribly lonely after his marriage crumbled. But suddenly there was Darren. She's not the kind of woman you think he'd go after, but Rush and Darren are being... So all he did was just make sure I had the last sentence on it, which I really don't need. And the part that's... See what I'm saying? That's what we're going to do with that fat turd. Nothing, he'll be fat, sir. Yeah, we've been seeing that for a long time now. How many months we've been seeing that? About two minutes. God, die already. Where'd your fat boy give the girl a set of people right of peace and copy? How many? How many? About one? Yeah, I, a few years. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, the only Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. I'm still bad in this little scratch, you know it's the changes season I think. WQA and hello. Hello, I'm your eye is doing. Pretty good. I'm just listening to you about the books and how long you've been doing and how stern or the flow is. I can't stand it. Why don't they just shut them off at the time of clock? If I saw you all the, obviously they entered into an agreement in which is in concert with my agreement, by the way, that they're going to carry this show and entirety until whatever he gets done. Yeah, I just heard on Channel 7 they just fired Bill C'mall. You might want to pass it on to Neil. They fired him? They fired him. They just said I was surprised they said we have no other of cases in the general manager. The other story? What's the company? I said the other story got fired. You know whether or not you're a student or a waiter. One of the things and a good line for you guys to use is I run across a lot of Republicans. And I ask him one question and nobody's ever been able to answer it. The same name one thing that George Bush has done to the working class American. Other than the tax cut, which most of the money has been given to the rich. Nobody. And I repeat nobody has been able to come up with anything. It is true. It is true. It is the best question to ask a right wing of the Republican. You don't see it in the wrong. You might as well go on and find a rock in the backyard and ask the rock the same question because you're dealing with the same things. Well, you know, I got a good friend of mine like that and he just keeps it. You know, he keeps it well. He won't be very very wrong in the guy. I know, but anyway, yeah, it's a doctor. You may be, but anyway, guy, I do it all the way going on the radio. But just passed it on to the on that. Did the general manager with the guy, leader or whatever on that? Yeah, but now we have it right. They've been sitting on a note that had no other way. Well, you know, you know, you know, he did big. Yeah, I mean, I mean, I was waiting. Oh, yeah. Well, he didn't know who's on here and he said the Schmidt. Okay. I mean, you could say Joe Schmidt and Mike Schmidt, I can't you say whatever he said. Right. It's all. I have to check that during the break. I'll go to a high bright online here at wspannus.com. You would assume it will be on their website, right? I would assume. I'm on the channel right now, but they're doing other stuff. Wspann.com. Okay. Okay. I'm on the case. Hey, if you want to know more about following a low carb diet, you want the best tasting previous life of low carb foods at the very best is price. Then hit forward the lights of us. Boca is a sensational store. We've been saying about them for a long time. Whether you're starting or restarting any of those games. Low carb diets. The actions, the sugar must use the saffees. A low carb sugar free diet. The lights of us. We continue to be the number one low carb store in the entire safford area. I think by some of the staples in your supermarket, they think that maybe a half a shelf located, dedicated to a low carb stuff. Forget about that. Get into the lights where the staff knows low carb diet and inside and nothing. That's unbelievable prices. And over 1200 low carb products like carbolite ice cream. Gradues in pasta, chocolate, brownies, cookies and lots more. The lights are open every day of your life. Seven days from 10 in the end, they'll 10 p.m. And they're located around the northeast corner of glazed in 441. Right next to proceed is Boston Market. You can call them toll free at 1-877 low carb. And it's LOW-W, CA-R-B, or on the web you'll find at lowcarb.com. There's only one deal I saw was Toka and amazing store was your official Atkins retail center. You want to see some of these old projects? Exclusively. On five seconds. You've been a fan. Yeah. And over and... ...day-wide. That is you. See you again. Yes. Oh. Oh. These two videos, they're getting shopping in the area. Playing golf is bringing sales of golf. These two videos, they're getting angry. They're getting angry. But they're ill. And they're still in the queue. Out of the bag, they're just on the left. Oh. Back in the side of the page. When they scream, they're at the proper place of having a way. He had it. He didn't call that thing. He's always long to run the food and say it was full of his way. He was the daughters, but the couple was dead. They were helping the party. He's screaming, they were sick. I'll ran away. Look at him now. Look at him now. He had a cow cow cow. He just beat all the day when people tell they didn't even hear him. They're getting angry and not thinking all of his way. So to go. He was the general. They're getting angry. And scary. What they know is nothing too often. Child. And I can never say that again. Who is bad? That next to the tag in the dollar, not the leader. Actually, we're starting to get involved in the morning. Once the round we've heard about it, we'll begin to ask his daughter. He's gone. He's lost. He does this. We're sitting through her shows. And this. And we're best to promise him. He was always good. He's such a man. I'll talk to that guy. We know he's a two-month friend. He's just a bitter hole. There we get the show beginning. He's leaving me to the dance floor. He's just a bitter hole. There he gets angry. He's scary. I'm not going to play sound to two else in jail. I'm not going to play sound to two people. I'm going to play sound to two people. I'm going to play sound to two people. I'm going to play sound to two people. I'm going to play sound to two people. I'm going to play sound to two people. I'm going to play sound to two people. I'm going to play sound to two people. I'm going to play sound to two people. I'm going to play sound to two people. I'm going to play sound to two people. I'm going to play sound to three people where I'm going to play sound. The whole thing is the whole thing is the whole thing is the whole thing is the whole thing. Just a panel thinging, just a panel very carefully. They have very long. They have a total of who are kind of close to two of us. that's everybody. This is 43 of Ben Wolf because of the wicked connection. I am LinkedIn. Michael. back another 3rd, 136% on Bubba back. It can't hurt, 113rd, 103rd, great, it will put carrier over the top 59. I don't give a Schmidt 36. It won't help bushwinds, 226 percent, no matter what carry does or that I'm crats or anybody else. Bushwinds. Spinga that, mad story, and I will get back to this come-off thing, which everybody seems whipped up. I see, this is another example of how we have nobody listening when it shows words. And I have to be partying. I need the facts. Same one. I'll move up like Aida, I'm already. When you're going to start talking about I'll go to the mall, then you know, did you find out, did you know that? Anyway, before that, the state of Florida will not be forced to create a paper record in case of Reconcentlections on touchscreen voting machines, the judge rules in a lawsuit by US representative Albi Wexler. You lose Bobby and I'm afraid all of us do. US history judge James I. Cohen ruled in favor of Secretary of State Glenda in the hood and Palm Beach Cadillacions supervisor Theresa de Horele pour. The suit by the Boca Democrats saw the paper record for manual recouncing coastal elections like the contentious 2000 presidential race, even seeking the way to the two health determined voter intent where no voter recorded known as under votes. The state issued a new rule October 14 for manual recouncing the place one turn out by state judge. However, Wester argued recouncing the answer and possible to pay for the machines because there nothing review by hand. The machine produced a form showing vote and instances where no voter recorded. Cohen heard three days of testimony in Flawcaw, you know, the cases of great public importance, promising a written order subject to quick appeal by losing some. Well, because that's just eight days. Here's the facts from Mark, the first one, which I guess you've been sending out to 500. And I didn't find anything on the channel 7 website about that, but I'm given a can, but I haven't seen anything on the news. So we are off that struna. I mean, people can call them and say whatever they want. Anyway, big fan Mark says, what about the story about Bill Kamal with several question marks? Can you please give us some details? I haven't heard the headline last night at NBC. Also, Mark says, where where can suds? Are they working? Are they going to work there anytime? Are they going to work there anytime soon? Oh, my God, for Mark. Well, anyway, Miss Kamal. Why don't we talk to Little Boy? It's got tourists fired or not. I'm only going to read this one more time. Okay. You know, here we got the election eight days away. You got Ashley Simpson, looks thinking on SNL. You got all these other great important things. You got the Satanist, the British ship, and what do they care about Miss Kamal? You know, the weather furry. Soft Florida television personality Bill Kamal was arrested in Fort Pierce Sunday as part of a federal investigation of alleged sexual predator activity according to law enforcement officials. The popular chief meteorologist for the WSVN Fox affiliates accused of ranging to have sex with a minor, versus saying that's all it says. It's just a minor. Kamal 47 of Miami Beach was arrested in Florida's first-year coast around one P.M. yesterday when he showed up for his scheduled meeting he had arranged via the internet with an underage person. You call it, sir. Underage person, I guess, an indeterminate gender. Why don't you lie to him? Why? Why? Human being. What a human. Or maybe not. Instead he was met by detective or arrested a messenger. So in the last act, Kamal was being held at St. Lucy County, John State Pornow charges. He's expected to make his first appearance on federal charges, newest court today. U.S. immigration and customs enforcement and St. Lucy County Sheriff's Office as well as the U.S. Attorney's Office in Miami declined the comment on the arrest. Nina Pornada, a spokesman for the immigration agency in Miami, confirmed only the St. Lucy County, the federal agents arrested a person. He has to have known to have been targeted by the sexual task force, Operation Predator launched last year, who needed to refuse to identify the person or defying the charges. And as of one, this door was written in a hairless morning. It said, Lilay Pardo, a WSV and Fox spokeswoman said the station was unaware of the arrest and decline for the comment. Yaddi Adiya and then talks about his DUI and about the fact that he never stole a freight train. So maybe you won't see him no more. I don't know. We'll keep checking on that. Are you watching WSV and news? I am so sorry. I feel bad. Oh, I'm not watching. How come I'm on this channel? Where did global come from? I'm not that cruel. It just felt that way. I don't understand how that would just have been changed by Channel on here. I think it changed by itself. Officer CNN, I can't quite frankly blame them. So let's see. All of that Chief Justice William Rengwist at Nazi Basit, Hospitalized for a thyroid cancer. How do you like that? Not that we wish any other help on anybody no matter how right when your fascist they might be. Oh, but in his case, I might make a reception. Now there is a just Scalia that Nazi son of a bitch. If the same thing would happen to him, we'd have a party. You know what? We'd be in a much better mood. Yeah. Line 9, WQA, hello. Hi, I want to speak for Neil. Speaking. Neil, hi. I wanted to comment regarding Bill come out. Yeah. Okay. Regarding the new fighting, give you some more optic. It was actually a solid incident sex through the internet with miners. So this was I just hand. That's the allegation. Yeah. Yeah. And then the news came out last night on NBC. Yeah. What do I do? I just get through reading. I won't listen. I'm about to get out of here. Go away. Go back on a banana boat. Okay. See now. Junior. Can you believe that? Okay. How many times guy read that today? Not two. And if actually they're still coming because they're like this last guy, they're not listening. Why is this such a big deal? Okay. I don't know. Why is this so important? I don't know. Who gives a fine camp about the weather for? We all, we just got the original weather for it. We can all back on. So to speak. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. Good story with the top of the round. WSN was the dismissal of Bill come out for cars by the manager. Oh, my God. Well, so no more. You can tell you're a guy. You can tell you where he goes and have to keep watching. Thank you. Thanks a lot, Kelly. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'll be your one. So there you go. What? That I don't have to keep watching. So anyway, first of all, you don't have to keep watching channel 7 and number two. We better check out and find out if there's a story about Bill come on. It is just amazing. You know, it was just shocking. WQA and hello. Yep. Neil. Yes, sir. Channel 10 did report that it was the minor was a boy and that he was fired by WSDN channel 7. So he is fired. Channel 10 did report that. Thanks for the last guy just said. Yeah. And let's take about 500 calls just to verify. There's your next slide. Well, no. There's a thing that will take us right up till 2 o'clock. You take a guy like Michael Jackson. I mean, this guy you get to play. He gets away with whatever he wants with kids and everybody puts up Bill boards and signs. Oh, not everybody about 98% of us said the spice Michael Jackson like poison. But, you know, I can't stand seeing that and then when you see somebody like Bill come on, I mean, you know, you have a miscomal. Let's come out. Don't have that kind of money, man. Oh, that's true. Very good point. Yeah. All right. Thank you. Okay. That's the only point. He just don't have that kind of money. He don't have the big shot of turnties. He doesn't have a legion of fans out there that no matter what he does. Oh, Michael Michael, be a little bit more like a fool. You know, hello, the crap. Michael Jackson should have been fried a long time ago. In fact, if you look at him, it looks like somebody beat us to it. In reverse. Let's take about 600 phone calls. If I risk them all, find out if she's been fired or not. Whether for a junior. That's the key way and Bill come online. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Let's hear one time for bubble roku many rob areas. All, you know or something? Heh heh.<|mi|>ric email. I was going to play that. In fact, ...marienna-marant. No comic-sau! Ranai? Vamos a dibe. There you go. That's the word is the correct line. How about those red socks? Oh, I couldn't care less. I lost a little bit of a last night. Just to make sure they're going to win. I think for straight. Cardinals do look like they're competing, do they? Well, they'll win a few at home. A few? Yeah? They'll win a few. Okay. 26 past noon at 5, 60, WQM. How about those? Patriots, maybe. They'll say that somebody needs to put a muzzle to take all that duct tape. That put it around Phil Sim's mouth. That child he makes him a carver look like a, a mime. That's how much that one talks. That's what that, that's what that, that they never knows what they're always talking about. God, we hate you feeling your son is a crappy quarterback too, I think. That's for you. And that was a real one. 27 past noon at 5, 60, WQM will take about dry concepts which I've been doing for over 20 years on his show. In fact, I've been using dry concepts in my homes for the same period of time, a very long time. And would I even think about calling anybody else? No, of course not because of the best in the world. So you do the same called dry concepts. Today, incentivize your home whether it's your company, your furniture, your drapery, your expensive area and orial rugs, then they come all look and smell and feel dislike brand new. Beware of those 5.95 for room's games because you won't get ripped off and you do business with dry concepts you can because they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing their unbelievable job. And dry concepts usually a rapid drying technique. So your carpets really are dry in just an hour and a half. So you really can clean today and entertain tonight. So if it's good luck for me and even my mom, or even she used to use dry concepts. Remember that? I do. And she killed from them. Oh, you may. Their number of daydrawered in the Palm Beach is toll free. It's 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071 on webitstrikeconcept.com. It's dry concepts making carpets clean in South Florida since 1979. We're now in the Sturgeon. Meal Rogers morning some weekday. Oh, yeah. It's also well-known. It's not. It's quite a bit. It's a bit. We're here. That's talking about women. Don't get thrown out of the house. No. Don't get thrown out of the house. Don't get thrown out of the house. Don't get thrown out of the house. Or shards. The slons have their shards. Everything's set on what gets all. Instead of my bristles of little shards, it's all good so on. They shut their squads. They shut their squads. They shut their squads. They shut their squads. First one. Of course, the donation. Every sentient can one advise. Talk about my frustration. I have to choose on the next time night. First one. What about the real time spread? To keep the day. If you had a few nights more than one, what's the problem? To stop the day. This is the only thing you can't make. What is all about? You're living still so bold. Not to ever feel a lady down. You're living still so bold. What's your goal? They come out in now. What is this to follow the tomorrow? You will sing your round. You're living still so bold. You're living still so bold. You're living still so bold. Twenty seven to one, if I was sixty-one, if you had a mad dog at two, I'm sure you're going to be waxing enthusiasm about that. Ambrer and dolphin victory yesterday. You won't have it again soon. Will they play a next week, Josh? I don't know. Anyway, the story that I just passed along, The idea is important. Just consider the source. Chief Justice of US Supreme Court hospitalized for cancer. I just told you that about renquest. That should highlight. That should put this spotlight on these Supreme's baby. These Supreme Court. In fact, the story about renquest that I got right here, which I'm not going to waste the time reading because these are real Nazi. Word of cancer came in a two-pergare for least from the court. It said renquest was recently diagnosed with cancer. The hospital on Friday. No other details about this condition. Thyroid cancer. The deal being that at least one, in any him, and possibly as many as four, Supreme Court churches will be appointed by whoever's elected, a week from tomorrow next Tuesday. And this got to be a big issue. Not just all of that, uh, explosives that they found in Iraq that we kind of like laws track of the three hundred and eighty tons. But if they really want to zoom on and something, here's right here. The Supreme Court. Which nobody seems to pay me attention to. But if you're unless you're one of those fetus huggers, unless you're one of those farbizs in a board again, or Catholic or whatever, the anti-abortionist, stericol, or right to life crowd, then you damn well better be voting for carry. You know, they had the neighbor mice to run again over the weekend. He just makes me one of them at all. Oh, come on. Yeah. I don't know who makes me sicker. Him or Greg Reed. Man. Ever seen together? Nope. Banglets abducted and killed two US citizens, one of sixteen year old drove from La Antana on a deserted road in southern Mexico and then scared a third victim because she was pregnant in Mexican prosecutor's head, Saturday. Vanessa Burgos, 22 also from La Antana, Florida mother and emotional telephone call, how Ashley Lynn, Vininger, begged for her life at the side of a deserted der road before a tanker shot her and went all the way to a Houston or at the Britsa, Houston, to death during a robbery for their luggage. No, no, the Britsa, Houston. I was watching the BBC over the weekend that we're doing some story about Adam O'Watt, Houston, Houston. Yeah. Okay. She said, Mama had bad news. Ashley is dead. Norma, it was zero. He said, and if you're while driving to pick up her daughter, dear Port, after shooting dinner during Valdez, again, I'm entering the Burgos. You're lucky, you're pregnant. We're not going to kill you. They told her. The three Americans were leaving, Kut Samala, they pings on. Kut Samala depends on on a country road in the southern. The railroad states are here tonight. The three men visiting Beldez is family during a week long vacation. We're heading back to the US overlaid, prosecuted Daniel Castro said in the phone interview. Burgos, who was six months pregnant, was abandoned by the roadside that managed to cover a family from nearby home. Castro said the region's kite, quite comfy tracks with a side of regular abductions and nearly monthly homicides. See what I was saying before? So if you want to go to Mexico, don't take a cab. Maybe don't hitchhike. I don't know what, maybe rent a car. I got a better idea. Just don't go. Yeah, there you go. Don't go to Mexico. That's my best suggestion for you. And the saddest part of it is I had another story on a website over the weekend, which I won't bore you with about how lots of people from Texas and the Southwest. Guess where they're going for their flu shots. Next to God? Yeah, they might get shot. See what I'm saying? And it will cost him a thing, I'll then what's in their wallet, which they can't use it any one once their day is dead. Yeah, you want to get shot. Go to Mexico. Yeah, I'd be got a different approach soon. Let's get your ass out of there next week. Okay, Baba. What are your names? W. What can we have somebody from the North like, carry? Why we always have to have seven yay hooves like Lyndon Johnson. And the Southern, who's like starting a lot of wars. You know, L.B.J. will be at nom. And this one with his racket hat. And don't confuse the public with us. There were weapons of mass destruction, we know it. This thing would have been found over the weekend. Weapons of mass destruction. And we know that well that Sodom was doing Osama. On a regular basis. One thing? It would be. We're the eight lovers. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and he Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. The fact that they didn't miscomal, would have met up with Osama. Up there and forward peers. WQA and hello. Yeah, 8008. Okay, so I'll call this our first one. Who's the B and L.A. to manipulate the people making free? How come there's never done that? You're going to Cuba and do that? And the Miami Cubes on us are leaders to those that question. Are they really that stupid? Hey, listen, everyone for curing, man. All right. Okay, that counted a lot. A lot of Margot and Voder curing. I've been reading more and more about that. How many are going to Voder curing? About 3, man. That's a start, you know. That's a start. Away from this right wing, boost stepping crap. You know, similar later, you have to go up your eyes. Your ears even sometimes. That's right. Get out of your system. Get him out of your system. From a promise is what he calls. Yeah. And you notice all of Bush does. He talks about his carers. He's been president for four years. He has absolutely nothing on his record to talk about. Other than that, we're strong on terror. We're fighting a war on terror into what way. I don't know. I don't know. At least we're all terrorists. We can fight them. Right, clearly. We didn't actually know where to. He was. We didn't actually know where to. We were supposed to have to have to have to have to have to. We're not going to find a fair. Now we're going to smoke him out of their holes. We're going to go get him. Get him alive. If I dig it a whole time, I did it. That's right. One can only wish. WQA and hello. Right. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi, is this Georgia Neil? Sounds like Neil to me. What? He's going on a skull, man. I see. Go ahead. Yeah. Did you give a news about the work? No, I haven't heard about it. 560. 560. About 560 on the horizon and singular wildfire. What is this amazing or what? What is wrong with these people? What is wrong with this town? We've got. We've had it on how many times already? Not third man. Although I do understand nobody has any idea what time the show starts. Maybe you figured out how we've been a little extra long today. Who the hell knows what? 20 times already. We've talked about Miss Kamal and her little miss have over the weekend. And in fact, she got herself canned from WSVN channel 7 news. And he's got his ass in deep deep water. And that's fine with me. Okay. Great. Now let's move on to bigger and better things. Jesus, Kate Christ. So hey. Yeah. Good it is. WDQMN. He got herself alone. Yes sir. It's a direct. WDQM. WDQM. Hi. Hi. Very bad at documentation by the way. Yes sir. I want for a delivery service. So I listen to you guys all day long on the station. And today I have the, I had to go up the Stewart. So I listen to Howard on the other station. Right. And when Howard ended, I turned it back to five sixty because I was coming back into the county. Right. You know, I heard the last two minutes of his show on your station. That's so much of a delay. Yeah. Right. Exactly. And they had no extra beef, so many of the ones that Howard had. So, got out of the factory. Right. Right. Why? I didn't understand the word. You didn't have any idea what this man was talking about? I think we didn't love those parts. Go on there with you. Because if we did, there's somebody you won't be seeing no more anytime soon. You know what I'm talking about? Won't be seeing her no more. Seems to be like an epidemic event. You want to see the little ruckus? And it's foolish. I'm five sixty. I'm a fan. People leave for nearly listening to the Hawkeye 40 Neil God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh, they've accompanied us all in. I've got a gun in the oven. A movie search. You're back to me. I'm craving now. I want to do some hard and bad. That can't be good to you. Yes, you know. I'm going to the oven. Should it run now? Do nothing. I'm going to the town. I'm going to the town. I'm going to the town. Get away from here. Get away from here. I'm not talking about you. Get your daughter. I know that I can't be seeing no more. You're my sea. I'm just a cheery. What you want in my own city? I've got a statue. I've got a statue. I've got a statue. I've got a statue. 1656. 152 votes are the full already. What's your take on built-in camp in this week for a giant curie? It's going to be in my five-to-half noon downtown. I've got one call we had before. And we assume he knows what he's talking about or not. Can we have put back for another term? 185 people said that. It can't hurt. 145. Great. It'll put carry over the top 80. I don't give a Schmidt. 47. It won't help bushwinds. 45.9%. And who knows? We'll find out, I guess. Or not. Maybe we'll find out next two day or Wednesday. Or Thursday or two. Some suckers. Some of those. Months of counting. So did you hear? Well, I went on the channel. Seven website and there's nothing there. It's probably not the WPLG or website. And of course there's something there. On channel 10. Not that they want to dance in anybody's grave and why not? So I'm glad the TV meteorologist Bill Kamal was arrested yesterday in Fort Pierce. As part of an investigation in New Central predators, authority say Kamal said of a meeting for six over the internet with what he thought was a teenage boy. The boy was actually an undercover federal agent, please say. WSVN representative said the station has fired Miss Kamal. Miss Kamal of the Mistation Chief Meteorologist. Tomorrow today is expected to make a quarter of parents on federal charges. How do you like that? BAM! BAM! There you go. Or here's a story that's moving forward for something. Okay? Okay. We'll see here this. Did the NRA fund stolen honor? See? Is there a headline? Stop the NRA group associated with a Brady campaign. That's not Tom Brady. To stop gun violence has sent an email to announcement. It was they asked a following question. Can it be true that the NRA is behind the stolen honor documentary? A tacking John curator be aired in part or when it's entirety by Cynthia Broadcasting course we are we know that has taken place in part. The rest of the emails printed below, including two asses that you can take immediately, should you find the arguments compelling? We've received credible information from a source inside the NRA that the NRA is a significant funder of the stolen honor documentary, which is scheduled to be around 62 stations owned by Cynthia Broadcasting late October. This documentary is the source of much controversy as it is a blatant political attack on a presidential candidate just days before in election, and is being heard by a broadcast company owned by supporters of President Bush. They're characterizing it as news and claiming not to be subject to election laws. The NRA has no secret of its disdain for election laws and using its resources to try to get around these laws in impact the election. The NRA has a history of trying to circumvent these laws by attempting to buy TV stations, expressing this area's broadcast from Mexico, or even from a ship offshore in international waters. By allegedly funding this so-called documentary and working with existing pro Bush broadcasts to the air, they're succeeding where they failed in the past. They need to be stopped for making this end around our nation's election laws. Consider this. The Assistant General Castle of the NRA James H. Warner appears in the documentary as someone who's highly critical of John Kerry. Is this the coincidence? We've been told by a source inside the NRA whom we cannot identify to protect him and his family, that the NRA is a significant funder of stolen honor. The producers of stolen honor, red-white and blue productions, a four-profit company, dragged on their website they received funding from individuals in entities nationwide, and are actively soliciting contributions. Since when do four-profit companies or news organizations solicit donations? There is no reporting a contributors by red-white and blue productions, no accountability, nothing. Is this just an intent by the producers to circumvent campaign finance laws and allow their supporters to hide their identities? Sing their broadcasting in the NRA of China's support for President Bush to endorsement and contributions is red-white and blue productions acting as the goal between order for the NRA to get its wish and use their waves to further its extreme political agenda. All groups are involved in broadcast activities that attempt to influence elections including the so-called five-twenty-seven organizations must disclose their donors. Lied is red-white and blue productions think it's exempt from this requirement. The Washington Viro Chief and top reporter for St. Clair Broadcasting Group was fired after he criticized the company's plans to produce a news program based on a documentary critical of John Kerry. After his firing he was escorted out of the building. Are these people afraid of the truth that it's going to come out? These are questions that need to be asked and investigated. Our campaign finance law said there, to make sure the rich and powerful don't take over our election process. We support a campaign finance reform and NRA opposed it. They even lost their challenge to those laws in court. What links will they go to to bypass these laws? Time is running short. The election is almost here. And then it's got a couple of things that you can do which you can go on our website and look at the article. From over the weekend newshounds did the NRA fund stolen honor. And it's got the numbers for John McCain, Senator West Fine Cold, red-white and blue productions number and their email is said with so-one. Got it? Got it? I think I'm getting like losing my am getting a scratchy fault on the ground. Yeah, green tea. No, I don't need that yesterday. Maybe tomorrow. Maybe the rest of the week when I'm out sick. Well, what are you laughing at? Oh, I told myself a joke I never heard before. Oh. That's the ministerical. Dear about Bill Kamal by the leg? Yeah, with the bottom of the better thing. 560, 50560, on the parade of Verizon and singular wireless lines. WQAM hello. Oh, the government's got a few. I'm going to talk about the incident of the incident. How about Governor Jones to me? WQAM hello. You think it was pressure from Robert Hurricanes? Yeah, I must have been there. I must have been there at 85,000 millibar on it. I must have been there at about a hundred of Wresher. Yeah. It's nice that he gave his ass right in or some part of him. 567, see that's all I had to talk about. And now that we've discussed it 85 times, I got nothing else to say. Very, very sad. One dimensional, like always. WQAM hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, buddy, we're back, baby. We're going to get to six baby. Bring back Danny boy and bring back Jimmy baby. Yeah, we have bring it back alive. Yeah, yeah. You suck. WQAM hello. Bill is when Mark has actually almost foot. I'm glad that that guy reminded me because I don't want to talk about it so close to the commercial running. All right. I think I did hear Lady Martais doing a spot on the station about an hour ago. Take the mission out of WQAM. Oh, no. Stop. Stop. No. Whatever you're trying to do. Stop. Wow. WQAM hello. What does it say about a meteorologist in general? General meteorologist? I didn't know any generals were meteorologists to do. Maybe in some cases. WQAM hello. A meal. You see that. You know, I do it back there in this crowd. I'll say it ran. Yeah, I know. Hey, a couple of good questions. I've been through to read the article about this come out. Yeah. And you mentioned immigration. Is he a foreigner? I mean, I know the last name is Middle Eastern. Oh, I'm not going to go back and find this to read you. No, he's not. I don't know. You're great. I don't hear. I don't want to hear you talk about it. I've got miscocting out of my ass. Okay. Really. Back to him. He's his. He's all mighty man. What is wrong with you, people? Are you sick or what? Are you out of your mind? God, all. One dimensional is an understatement. Like I said. Starting like, I think starting tomorrow. Back to him. Tell him. It's down there. Start about what we're going to like do about from like one 50 to two or a slide. You know, it was just a place to or between, I went over Howard, and then one 50. It'll be a tight 10 minutes. Man. Let's take a lot more though. WQA and hello. Hey, yeah, I do. Okay. We have the junk area out of Wally. It has to be you yesterday. It was 10 about 45,000 people. Right. Right. And do quit and junk area will both be my image. And I have several blocks at the ski park government center. Hey, I'm going to tell you how to talk your final slide. The gate's open at five o'clock and we're through to speak at seven o'clock. Excellent. But get there early. We waited about two and a half hours in line yesterday. That thing here was at least 25,000 people there. So what's the difference between this time? All right. And you're about to come up. Okay. No, what happened? Oh, Jim, I think you got cut off. Five six, seven, five, six. The pound five, six. I think you're going to need some tea. I'm going to get that little bit of a scratch. Start a last Monday. Yeah. And I'm going to work through the whole week without it. But now the sentence to make me come back. Couldn't that 14 or we had been a 13? Think I could like scratch that a little bit. I'm going to let it go. Oh, I'm going to try it. Just hold the thing. Oh, everybody in a tuned in late. They don't realize that I was just one number off of 15 million dollars. On the lottery. On the Canadian lot of one Saturday. I have five out of six. So I get 15, hundred and seventy four dollars in 60 cent instead of 15 million. What my brother can about right? Right. Should be overjoyed instead of a 13. I had a 14. All the other numbers are right. Maybe that's what this comm all the two. He thought it was 13. But it turned out to be 14. And maybe get away around. Five six, seven, five, six. The pound five, six. The only Verizon in singular wireless lines. WQA and hello. What is the session with brother Fag? WQA and hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, the one that gives me the most to in this class. It really bugs me is that I think his name is Tommy Ferraro. We just smoke you going to barbecue. Do you ever say him with those yellowing Ferraro? Yes, I think he's the budget for a little. Same person, man. Don't be not in Tommy. We like Tommy. He's good people. So we can't help but he's got to speak. He goes, we specialize in bad voices on this station. No. In case you haven't noted, I just pointed out. About 56 to 56 to 56 to WQM at the end of the month. And I was the time to save like never before. At Armstrong for the homestay. They've got to clear out all remaining O4 to make room for the O5s. You'll save like never before. On all remaining O4s and stock ready for immediate. If not sooner delivery. All the O5s are in and they're ready to roll out too. Plus we're limited time. Get 0% financing on any of the following explorers. The stage focuses, tourists and lustangs too. Certain restrictions apply. The lots that I'm going for to homestead are jammed and with more O5s are arriving every day. They're cutting prices now. You can save a ton. Armstrong for it offers you customers more value too because when you buy your 4 from Armstrong for it, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That is correct. tires and batteries for life. So if you're wanting a new car, but you've been putting it off weight no more. David Richardson is to have at Armstrong for it homestead. Well guarantee you the best prices in O4 again. They're locally owned in O4. They're not ready. They'll treat you just like family. I guarantee you won't put you get the better deal on a 4th anywhere in town. No bait and switch. No full need deals. You can't get the best price in O4. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. I'm going to make a $1.5. Remember that one? Yes, I do. When I play that right now, because Joyce, you get a really bad attitude. And speaking of all that other blunt, normal kids stop wasting my time. Go find a hobby, okay? Go try Russian, we'll let with our name blanks. Man, it's just bugging me. Just to try to prove me is doing something. Go do something useful. It'll pay time for you to get serious. Good. With a great, it sends me a normal release about pop it. See too much bad pot, right to your brain, okay? Norbert can't support your job for that. A surge of newlywed 21 by the research 2000 for the sunset and on Florida times union, found carry leading 48 to 47 and with 2% for nader. See, you see, if nader and have the 2% carry probably be like a little breathing room, it'd be the bad guy. But no, we got this arrogant, even if this end is stubborn, idiotic, we will follow us. Yeah. Is he going to want to stay? No, he'll get one electoral vote. No, all he's going to do is the same exact thing. See, this is why it just amazes me talking about neurotic repetition. Like they always say, oh, never again, after the Holocaust, we're going to, of course, in the meantime, this people is genocide going on over the world. It is some people getting slaughtered, including none of them by us or because of us or both. It's just like those great surgical attacks that we're carrying out over there in a racket on the TV. Oh, it was in the middle of a wedding party and it was like three children and a pregnant woman and a bunch of other people I'd love to do with anything. Who got in the way pin the S-Bice standards, that collateral damage. Anyway, carry fear of bes with African Americans and the youngest and oldest voters, Boyshell, the clearly inferred among middle-aged voters and his fanics. Boy, that. Interviews with some of those surveyed indicate that new voters have registered in record numbers this year, are giving carry his best chance for ousting the incumbent. And it goes down with numbers, this year, my whole numbers. Then, so ladies, newsweek poll shows and you know, I've noticed on CNN they'll show every poll they can find. It's got bushing in it. Right. Even polls that are older than the Susan. Remember the story ahead about that rookie to be Sanchez and the older aho poll? It was counting and his guess under said, oh, that's an old one. The new one shows carries an aho. Oh, really? Wow, that. President Bush had never quite economic. He John Kerry, our locked in a dead heat in the count out of the number second election. Quarterly, the latest, newsweek magazine poll released Saturday. The telephone survey conducted Thursday in Friday found Bush in the Massachusetts Senator Tide at 46 of peace, and a few ways within the Pentagon and a Ralph Nader. That's a tightening from Bush's lead last week of 48 to 46, among likely voters Bushlight Kerry 48 to 46, which is much less than 50 to 44 last week. A majority of registered voters, 52% of the expected Bush to be elected, only 46% of the water they'm to win. Asked a fish with the most important election to their lifetimes, 77% of carries a voter said yes, while 27% of Bush to 40 is agreed to what? So that means it's not important on your Bush people. Just stay home, it's not all I'm important, okay? Right. Nader, not on the ballot in all states, received support of 1% of likely voters and 2% of registered voters in the newsweek poll. 1% and that's enough to do it in the slot of the battleground states. Like for example, Wisconsin. Florida again, thanks by the way, Glenn, the hood for making sure that Nader got back on a ballot again, even though we know that there was a non-partisan effort on your project, because we want to be here to everybody. Right. You bitch, you slut, you a piece of crap. Just unbelievable. Okay, starting to say, and after we went through that experience four years ago, and Alex, like, what are the same things? You bitch, you slut, you were. Yes, you may scathe in here, see the non-partisan by comparison. And then of course, the Nader people are going to don't confuse them with the fact, so they'll do the same thing. I wouldn't be surprised if somebody old Jews in cemetery village and ones who were still alive right in the packet can it again, because they want to make the same mistake again. Oh, where is Patty? I'm on the this time. I'll write him in more. Yeah. 560, 560, Tom 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. Let me say it again, starting today, and we didn't have to do anything different today, because, soon went on to 11 o'clock. But starting this week, we're doing a show 11 to 2. Now we will be on George, or whoever's here. In other words, from my number, during the end, 11, we're just going to just fill it with whatever. Right, that's where I will play that. Or, I got something else with a button there. Yeah, there you go. For about half an hour while. Yeah, I'm just going to be around the old bush. I forgot I got my big city. Well, that's great. Because we have to have a starting time. We have to have like a real show here. We can't just continue doing our audience around. They were letting Greg read it around with our gigantic audience. Which obviously he's done. There go question about it. 70% of our audience does not listen to how it's turned. We wish that everybody did, but they obviously don't. Which is not a problem. We're not for the fact that he ends up in a different time every day. And that's great today. Major, if you mongous problem for us. Now the fact that the matter is 10 to 11, we have our biggest hours. Remember those days? Correct. Those glorious days when we actually started in the 10 to 2. Like a real radio show, 10 was a huge number. So we just have to like toss that out. And while you are by our things from this last disaster book, how many did tomorrow or Wednesday, whenever we get them. In fact, bad boy, when you threw right me in a piece of coffee, which I know you're not going to do because you're too busy eating. I'll kind of take candy bars and crap. But maybe he could hop on it. You know, since once in a while, he's a very recent number. So yeah. Line 9 again. This must be a really good one. QA and hello. Look, that is a great call. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I want to talk to you. Speaking. Hey, you're talking about Nater B and on the palace. I don't want those Navel palace songs. And there was like 10 people running for president or... Yeah, I'm going to limit our roof. Yeah, I mean, we should be complaining about all those people. There's going to be two. Bush and carry and go from there. Too much people in Palm Beach. It confused over. Yeah, that's true. Anything more than two they get really nervous about. Yeah, and I was shocked. I was looking at it. I was all these people. That's kind of like a 10 like a nearly virgin or anything more than two dollars that you're really nervous about. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and a Verizon singular wireless lines. I don't have any problem. I haven't had like a whole bunch of candidates if there was a reason for them to be there. But in Nater's case where we see that, what was it again? Like 3 to 1 now? Yeah, this is 3 to 1. I'm the Nater voters. If Nater were not a ballot they would vote for carry over board. I should be out of here before. Why are you Democrats? Right at the moment. Yeah. Well, if I remember credit parties we threw this up to them to do it. Yeah, I just have big... See, in the last time around the excuse was, well, he was on the green party and he wanted to get a green party a qualifying a ballot needs state fund. They're going to run all these congressional candidates and they're going to get matching funds. Well, green party said no Ralph go where your silly old coot and you're going to scope the election again. So he's not on the green party. He's not supported by the green party. He's just on the ego party, he's all he is. So you idiots have to hear like them do the same thing. If you're happy to win, then you've been going. No. No. No. No. There's bubble in the carry and still all of you. We're talking. No. No. No. No. That's bubble. He's all heart man. That's pretty good. Well, we're going to crowd there. Right now, while you're looking at live pictures that of Philadelphia is actually so loud that we've been here our own frame buckley and he can't hear a fan. Well, fine, little bit. Okay. As she's going to reply, we'll point us around the door. We should be pretty big moment for John Kerry as he has a draw as closer to election day. Bill Clinton, you'll remember last week when word came out that the Kerry campaign found out Bill Clinton is going to come out of support John Kerry. It was a pretty big moment for them. They're pretty excited. As you know, Bill Clinton no matter what this man has been involved with, you know, we've called him. And Kerry's mad again, controversial and of course no matter what he's been involved in like this. I think John Kerry's been hundreds of people always show up. Everyone has to definitely have to come to Democratic Groves now. Now, puppy's going to go. As John Kerry on stage, getting ready to support that Kerry and the Democratic course has the election, draws a flip. I think it's time for a dramatic announcement. They're going to announce that Kerry's going to appoint Clinton as his secretary of the world of anything. Right. No, of the world. Okay. By the way, Condoleezza found out a month ago at a, they had that 388 tons of explosives in Michigan Iraq over a month ago. But they decided not to release that to the public because it would be too embarrassing so close to election time. I mean because it would be whatever. So the fact that something we were supposed to be guarding with that seminal job we're doing over there in Iraq is now in a hands possibly of terrorists and that our own people and other innocent Iraqis are getting killed with it. That's a beautiful job on fighting terror, W. You're really doing it, baby. This man is a favor with a capital F on every cop, every single issue. You name him. Go down to the list. Everyone from the economy. The price of oil over 55 bucks a barrel today. In fact, let me take a look at it right now. I'm going to be grateful like we get some of the Clinton and Kerry speaking on here today. That would be sensational. I think he just helped through to this. Oh my god. He grew up in a crude Natal. You think? We already had one four years ago and immediately a lies like crazy in a public most of our two stupid and one to stand in. We had a crude Natal. Right in broad daylight they stole a freaking election from New American public and the Democrats rolled over and played dead. Oh well, let's go away. Let's go back to our four years later. After all these innocent people are dead. I don't see the price of crude I do see. Oh my god. Canadian dollar, $8199, right up against 22 cent. Oil, $54.98. It was 55.43 this morning. It's heavily around 55 cent of barrel. The Earl is 1.28 which is very close to our record high. The American dollars in the tank, it's in the toilet. We have a balance of trade deficit that's so gigantic and gaping. It's bigger than that. That's right. Bigger than fat boys butt. 9.11. So that'll be the big part for the Bush administration. Meanwhile, let's listen now the former president's bill. Well, Mr. Greg Ford, the great John Terry president. Ladies and gentlemen, the last, duly elected president of the United States. William Jefferson Clinton. If this isn't good from my heart, I don't know what it is. Thank you. Thank you Mr. Mayor. Thank you governor. Congressman Brady. That's all. Congressman Heffel. Joe Huffle, our next United States senator. Our candidates for Congress here, Allison Schwartz. Mr. Murphy, Joe Grisco, thank you and all the other officials who are here. You know, I'm very grateful to be here today. And I thank all the people of Philadelphia as throughout the country for their emails, letters and prayers and support. From time to time, I have been called to come back here. In eight days, John Terry is going to make America the comeback country. I know well that no one's presence can change a single vote, but I hope my reasons can affect a few votes. I love this city and this state. You've been very good to me. To my family. And you've got a clear choice. Between two strong men with great convictions and different philosophies, different policies with very different consequences for this city, this state, our nation and the world. On the economy, we have this little true four years of the first job losses in seven years. The record bankruptcies, middle-class incomes declining and poverty going up. In Pennsylvania alone, you've lost 70,000 jobs that's compared with the two hundred and nineteen thousand you gained by this time when that last fellow was president. Me. In Pennsylvania alone, 249,000 people have been added to the rows of poverty, falling out of the middle-class is compared with 395,000 people who moved from poverty into the middle-class. Last time we had a Democratic administration. 333,000 Pennsylvania's lost their health insurance. Unemployment's gone up 26%, it dropped 35% and the first four years the last time we had a Democratic administration. Their plan is more of the same. They gave two huge tax cuts to upper-income people like me, and especially interest. They've run these big deficits and they go ever-moth and bar the money to cover our debt from the Chinese and the Japanese government, and they're settling it on our children. They're making our children pay for it today and tomorrow. Over two million children not funded and the leave no child behind that. Over half a million children kicked out of their after school programs, 140,000 unemployed workers kicked out of their job training programs, 100,000 working families losing their child care. Leaving the burden on the give us a chance to make a contribution to America's economic recovery and to the fight against terrorism. It's time most of us without regard to party one-hour chance to contribute to our country's welfare and our future. And we don't want our children and our grandchildren paying for the cost of our tax cuts. Okay, let's see the first break. What do we do through breaks this hour? How do I change my renewables? Jason. Before we take a break, we just got a heard about Bill Cummall. I haven't heard that yet. We'll find out when we come back. Well, seriously, what will we take that third break and we'll take on some of them spots? Let's do just a two or three minute break right here, okay? Okay, got a cany-handlet? I can handle it. Oh, because we come back with here some more above. One minute in a QAM, hey, IOS tax problems have a way of ruining all the aspects of your life. They take it to law new financially, physically and emotionally. You can never read you forget about your IOS problems that come back each morning when you wake up. CPADM buck walled in the buck wall tax, firm will help end your IOS problems forever and give you back peace of mind. That's why other top CPADM law firms refer their clients to the buck wall tax firm when they have IOS problems. Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution? Get all on file tax returns from Pert even if you lost all your records. Suppose you have an IOS lien, Wadeslive, O-Pairroll tax and Pettelies, want to settle for thousands less than you owe, need time to pay. Whatever it is, the buck wall tax firm can help. They offer free initial consultation affordable and guaranteed fees and many of you leave from IOS harassment. And best of all, you never even have to meet with the IOS, the buck wall tax firm handles all meetings and discussions. You even have to go. So call them today, 954, 575, 2800 and get that monkey off your back. Whether you're the IOS 10,000 or a million, the buck wall tax firm can help you out. Call 954, 575, 2800 for your free consultation or visit them on the web at IOS.com and stop worrying about the IOS not going to that door. Call them today, 954, 575, 2800. You are listening to Neil Rajasin's, the music is really unspicesly. His commitment to our security and our prosperity. Now one of Clinton's laws of politics is this. If one candidate's time to scare you and the other would try to get you to think. If one candidate's a feeling to your fears and the other ones a feeling to your hopes, you better both of the person who wants you to sink and hope. That's the bill. My fellow Americans, we can do better. And the late days we're going to do better with President John Perry, bring it on. visit the United States, recover judge You guys look so beautiful all the way back there. Thank you very very much. You look spectacular. It is so great to be here today. Thank you very much. If you vote, you do the work for the next eight days. You give me a chance to say how much I love you. Is that a deal? I want to say, I want to thank Governor Rindell. I want to thank Mayor Street. I want to say all of the Congressmen and all of the civic leaders who are here to join us today. Most of all, I want to thank Pennsylvania and Philadelphia for great welcome here today. Thank you. And it great that Bill Clinton back on the trail. All right. I'll say he led this nation to the strongest economy we've ever had. He expanded health care for millions of children in America. He helped bring our security and the security of the world to the level it ought to be. And he did this by always putting people first in fighting for the middle of the last. I'll say it. When I talked to the President before he went into the hospital and while he was in the hospital. He said to me, you could just feel it. You could feel it in him. He couldn't stand the idea and I'd be an out here on the trail in all of us. And he said, I'm going to do my darn list to get back there before the end of this campaign. Promise, made, promise, cap, thank you, Mr. President. You know, it takes a lot to keep President Clinton from the campaign trail as we all know. But high surgery is a big deal. And when you have a triple bypass to be back here in seven weeks, this president is the come back kid and America loves you for it. Thank you. I asked the President before we came out here. I said, Mr. President, can you tell me anything that you haven't come and have judged of your Bush? And he thought for a moment and he said, in eight days and 12 hours, we will both be former presidents. So let me ask you, Pennsylvania, you ready to move America in a new direction? Are you ready to put common sense back into the decisions about our lives? Are you ready for President again? Who is a champion of the middle class? Are you ready for new leadership from the streets to the top of these buildings? What help is on the way? It heard that line, 20. Yeah, we heard your crap, too. Okay, so that's all they're going to carry. And that's, we have to hear, blah, blah, blah. I was pretty excited when it went on. Rock solid, you can say it again. Okay, let's catch a funny commercial. Okay, but I figured it was, I mean, why the hell not just do a carry campaign between our next two days, I can't hurt two next two days. And then the days after while they're busy counting and recounting and counting and counting and throwing away a bunch of votes. 27, I have to 15, 16, WCM, Mad Dog, and two, the Humperage 4. We got a guilty, it's smoky bowl and it's at seven. Followed by any case, gambling show attended night. You know, it's always, I notice we didn't get a new copy for Dalamacra. So I'm going to try to be separate at one sentence there, you know? Right here. That was a very careful, and maybe it's me, maybe I just don't get it. It's always great time to call 1-800-MATRIES, and I was an even better time. Dalamacra is slashing prices on certain matrices, called 1-800-MATRIES right now. It's having a visual 20% off. They're super low factory-direct prices on top of quality. You sort of purposely press only at Dalamacra's end in matrices. That's right, that's right. Call 1-800-MATRIES to the hay and you'll get factory-direct prices on all silly potster pittics when you call 1-800-MATRIES you'll get same-day delivery all across on floor. You've picked the date and time for delivery that to our one other pittics schedule and Dalamacra shows up when you want them to 99% of the time. Dalamacra's ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004 better business view of local Torch and excellence award. All the smart folks even some who are not all that pride either. At least there's smart enough to make that call because it's the only smart way to shop for a bed. 1-800-MATRIES just hit there on your fat ass and pick up that phone. Check them out on the web if you're like a Netflix dot com, but you're into yourself a great night sleep tonight and for years to come by dialing 1-800-MATRIES 1-800-MATRIES. You're from the new Russian S.C.C.R.I.B. M.A.M. Favorite dog and they watch that is dumb, how do they do? I'm so fortunate to have a project game and two months of prize this bus is in the game. We have the soldiers and they made it get over there and she did the play with the sit-on who's saying he's not right right. We're not providing my run. They have that bad. They're not the ones who are tired. They have that bad. What's going on with this bad? They have that bad. They have that bad. They have not the ones who are tired. What's going on with this bad? They have that bad. They have not given my run. They're going to do it with so many things. They have so hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. If I know the hard work, I can tell how hard work. If I see how the team is doing, I'm already this. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you don't got it. I say still 2 or 5, 60, WQAM. 6, how many of you are sitting on the pool? What's your take on building and campaigning for carry this weekend? Of course we just heard the kick off of all of that until we're off here. Can we have put them back for another term? 240, 35% said that to which I say, oh, yeah. It can't hurt 204. Great. It'll put carry over the top on 19. It won't help bushwinds 64 or 9.3% of the dunderheads out there who like to weigh things are going right now. They like to death the destruction. The people out of work. They like all of those crap tax sets for the rich. They love it. They want for more of our white wing Supreme Court justices. And I don't give a Schmidt 60. There's always that 8% who just in a matter of what it is, they don't care. They will not be moved. They just don't give a crap, you know? They're like, like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, five, five for you. Ethan, did you know? Do you ever want something to be what you have to say that they just bear. Okay. I think they can now relax for a minute. There's probably no more to be healthy. For how many of you have eaten a lot by our group. I'm all healed because when I'm sick, because I tell him to keep some brothers. So, maybe 276 is.... Just imagine you're healed, Frankie has a heart attack from day to hour. There, in theify buyer, your younger sister has something to offer so much. Did you hear how much they didn't go out there, grille? See what I'm saying? That's all they got. You ain't got nothing else. Any women called today? Not a one. You can get them right now, man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I've got them 5, 60, 11, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10 10, 10, nine, you are so! I love everybody, I'm not in 2 Am big 5, 20, 10, 10, 10, 10? get your faith, I need help, I need your suggestion, but I can turn my grandfather's 85 years old from head dame and much lover's to carry. Yeah, give your real quick solution to keep him in formal innovation. sure what. t sugar Yes, dawn sweethearts. Wow, loving so Ray take care of thanks that's a way to do it i could kill him to shoot him in the uh... he put a letter some like that kick the walker out from under it that's right took away his bag okay they will make a renewed that's a place five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and he provides me to get a wireless line i thought that was a pretty emotional uh... senior affiliate in you it was not this audience on those nothing phases them like i said they refuse to be phased moved we just don't care and hello and you know i got something to tell you to say about bush carry yes uh... i got nothing right so i thought that you a and hello q a and hello but we don't have time to do it all around with you idiots okay with you musk readers air america goes right to the toronto son non-americans red bush how many minutes do we have left judge eight no nine you take the regular breaks we missed you too more two more wouldn't handle it air america goes right what do we path in trapped in a package then a fact we had in Shanghai a great paper in chrilly and a conidian auto worker uh... have been comedy their lives are all shaped by decisions made by the white house the closest thing we have today the world government a son for the whole world cannot sell out of the upcoming west election since the effects all mankind the rest of the world could vote and count as one u.s. state internationally internationalia however this happened the result will be a landslide for carry the vision of a reelected george's w bushwood in the world doesn't sit well few non-americans know anything about carry but hardly matters he's popular everywhere brought simply because he looks civilized and is the unbush my eagle i'd friend count as pamala be maize re mark rewettler name is bramai attention interesting internet site bina vote dot com bina vote dot com this site tagulate straw votes for bush and carry from all over the world though unscientific and distorted in c u.s. section by bush on lovers it provides a good sample of world-taking about the election among forty two thousand plus global residents carry leads bush eighty eight to eleven percent and was ill carry leads by ninety one percent in it lead by seventy nine percent ninety one percent in France seventy one percent in the seventy seven percent in Japan eleven percent in Kuwait eighty nine percent in Germany eighty one percent in Britain seventeen percent in Israel sixty one percent in Nigeria only in the African state of Nigeria's bushley by seventy one percent bush in carry oddly are tied in Libya north Korea christmas island and now you were for that is but deeply alarms many non-americans is the prospect of a second bush term dominated by coalist and evangelical Christians christian ractorist american partisans of Israel's p.m. area of sharon and world voter from the deep south of reject evolution and think French is the native language of satin these group tend to share a lot of europe the u.n. the pope Muslims in general Arabs in particular intellectuals anything international believe themselves to be god's chosen people some board again christian sea bush is kind of a Messiah there's deep concern of rather american politics is falling increasing the under the influence of extreme religious groups and a time when secularism is accepted across europe and non-Muslim Asia many cathartic vote against carry on their bishops orders many american supporters of greater Israel who shape u.s foreign policy these days lead their fulfilling gods commands the forty one percent of americans column and so's born again christians have been whipped into a pro bush frenzy many of their preachers so much for satirized in detergent state america's fastest growing culture ractorist believe one squator Israel's created and all Jews converted christianity they'll be instantly transported to heaven while the world will be destroyed and all non-believers holy burned alive their unofficial Bible the lefty hineseries of books is so nearly 60 million copies they are bush's most ardent supporters the ractorists such extreme groups might would merely be curiosity of america's outback within also dominant republican circles a recent survey shows born against in general comprasing twenty two percent of orders in pennsylvania thirty six percent in theory thirty percent in Iowa uh... twenty seven percent in all high all key battleground states that will decide the election and your time survey found this at evoters back carry sixty nine to twenty three percent and in small cities fifty three to forty cent percent but in suburb of bushley fifty to forty two percent and world areas in the south bushley's by a whopping fifty five to thirty five more decayed americans back carry while bushley's for those of his folks in ways mangled in which didn't was a man religious pretentions however present who says he communicates with god retina thanks to be a defined mission makes the world very uneasy who will order order bush to liberate next Iran and Syria simple France with its cigarettes wine and wild sex leccicanadians with all that water and oil or the chinese of redact christian values and work to cheap add to the bush both the twenty percent of americans believe Elvis is still alive oeewen up it up on a forbidable majority we lady We both end you, blind to cold, The words are too deep, For the funds dropped from the stars from far away. Maybe we should take sunshine a little bit more To the cuts we chose to ignore The price of gravity clung and I'm afraid this and more And won't be I'm dying on the hand. 147 at 5.60 WQAM. My cousin writes in the Niagara Falls reporter, Fony Bill O'Walley, gets his come up and says, he says it's almost enough to make you feel sorry for ranted white-winged, right-wing Republicans almost. First they found out that their icon-wish limbo is a pathetic dopadic, that Matt Drog is a self-loathing homosexual, and that morality's are billbed benefits a degenerate gambler. All three made millions preaching their idiot choir about the evils of drugs, sawdemy, and lack of self-control. Then the wing nuts discovered their fearlessly, their George W. Bushlighted them about weapon-demast's destruction, and links between sawdemy and Al-Qaeda in order to invade Iraq. Of course, eventually at this far, it claimed the lives of over 1100 brave Americans. And now they find that morality beacon Bill O'Walley, the bully boy of Fox News, is a pervert. And the MACRES 33 who worked as a producer on O'Walley show foul suit in states of green court last week, charging of a sexual harassment. In an incredible 22-page complaint, MACRES details a litany of lude charges involving phone sex, masturbation, vibrator, street sems, and other sexual fantasies. For his part, O'Walley filed a counter-suited accusing MACRES in a returning of attempting the shaken down. I've heard a lot of lawsuits over the past three decades, and this one reads more like a press release. In fact, it's the most poorly written lawsuit I've read since O'Walley in Fox suit committee in Al Franken, for using the words fair and balanced in the title of a book that made fun of O'Walley. And that suit was thrown out of court by a judge who was literally laughing. MACRES complaint which you can read online at the smokinggun.com contains extensive quotations that would strongly indicate he'd take O'Walley at his rubis and crudists. He is apparently what working girls refer to as a phone freak. That is, he gets his kinky kicks out of talking dirty women on the telephone. Farbee, for me, to criticize anyone's idea of a good time, but O'Walley's holier than now attitude expressed at nausea, on television and radio, as well as in bestselling books, and to suit an insinicated newspaper column, begs a closer inspection. The extent of O'Walley's obsession with Wilkins and sex life can be indicated by a quick Google search, type in the words O'Walley plus Clinton plus sex, and you'll find 25,900 hits. He's devoted and has programs to the alleged sexual misconduct of singer Arkelli, and when Janet Jackson's probably covered right breast with fly-found screen-frame nanosecond during the Super Bowl, O'Walley's fluent were waging right at on endlessly about the decline of Western civilization. All the while getting a jolly is calling up a defenceless young woman who was dependent on him for her livelihood, and talking in language so have seen I can't reprint it here. And O'Walley didn't just harass he threatened her. But as early he invoked a name of Franken in one of his lurid fantasies. If your cross-box news channel such as me, it's box president Roger Aelsolgow after you. I'm the street guy I'll front making loud noises about the issues, but Aels operates behind the scenes, strategizes makes things happen at one day, bam. The person gets what's coming to them, but never sees it coming he reportedly said, look at Al Franken. One day he's going to get a knock on his door and life as he's known it will change forever, but they will happen trust me. While I've always thought of box news as some sort of organized crime, I didn't know that it was that sort of organized crime. I call the other right wing foamy, so Ailes and O'Walley's an outspoken advocate of what Republicans like to call family values, and the suckers ended up. As of this writing, he hasn't denied any of the charges Nekras made in her complaint, although an administration of colossal egotism, his pennies the victim of a vast left wing conspiracy designed to influence the outcome of the upcoming presidential election. The gullibility of a large portion of the American electorate is troublesome. A lot of people in this country take layers like O'Walley, limba, and judge it their word, and about half a way to glutton, vote for the coward and moron, bushing two weeks. You'll ever go broke underresting the intelligence of the American public, Georgia, us a copman once cracked, wise crack. I never believed it'd be for a book and a mildly, I'm not too sure. I say it. Actually, it says crack-wise. So you don't matter what I read, it's like the Dalmatra stuff. Have you ever heard of your fat boy reading wrote this comment? Wouldn't surprise me. All right, let's take a look at that pull result. So far, why do I feel like rush today? Why not? Oh, rush. And I don't even like you. What's your name during Kagan all I much on CNN? Is that incredible or why? Oh, I don't know. I don't know. Okay. Now let's see. Also, Letterman Leno Bell, a battle escalates into war. The Haiti said the like poison. Jack was brother, thinks he's bloody a molesting boy. Again, why? Why did we step in the inquire of this? We've been using these four plate of marble before the track. So he starts assuming how we get off 1030, 1020. Say a 40? Whatever the hell you get saw. 150? 150, nine? What's your take on Bill Clinton campaigning with Kareta's week? 757 votes. Can't we have Clinton back for another term? 264, 35%. It can't hurt. 325, great little putkiri over the top 133, think that. It won't help. Bush wins 69, 9.1%. 69. I don't give a Schmidt 66, 8.7%. The mindless crowd out there, the 8.9%, that they're busy doing that all day. 152, 5, 60, WQM, and that bell come out of the two. When you shop for quality, footwear, great selection, professional service is only one place to go. But of course we're talking about Brandeys and Pompatobitch for a very long time now. Smart two shoppers are known that Brandeys is the only store that you can't be with a stick because they got the best selection of men's women's shoes. They got personal friendly service. They know your feet inside and out even by the aroma and they always have the best prices in town. We're talking about top quality names, no off-brands, only the names you know and love like rock sports, floor shine, SES, spirit, similar naturalizer, all the other top names in the business. Brandeys is open daily Monday through Saturday from 9 a.m. Every Sunday from 10 to 5 and you find Brandeys at 1290 to a federal highway in Pompatobitch. It's always worth a trip no matter where you be. And right now is an even better time to get a great deal of Brandeys because this week again, take 50% off on all red tag men's women's famous brands all throughout the store. So be sure to get into Brandeys this week or visit them on the wicked web at Brandeysues.com. I'm not sure if you're going to be a judge or a judge. I don't think I ever sit on it. I'm not worried about it. I've been lying. It's kind of one of those exaggerations. I wish you worried about it or something. We're on the hunt after it or something. We're using every asset and a disposal to get it or something. I don't know where it is. I don't know where it is. I don't know where it is. I've got a lot of stuff. I've got a lot of stuff. I don't know where it is. I repeat what I said. I'm sure they're not that concerned about him. What do you think tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century? And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes and the federal and the sicker? Yes. Tribal sovereignty means that. It's sovereign. You're a you've been given sovereignty and you're. You there's a sovereign entity. And therefore the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between sovereign entities. Maybe the earth is going to have a sense. There's a lot of things. We're about 10 years too late. Yeah, that's when things are great. Thinks and was present then. Okay. When they're present. When they're present. When they're present. Okay. When they're present. From we can still see friends. And we can spend a lot of it. It's brilliant and an internet. And there was no friends yet. We ever heard about been like. We were given the flag. We felt here about my son. And none of that took us back. And all of that break you back. Yeah, you could take your pick. Like they would send from God to stop. No reason. No reason. No reason. I'm not a slave. No reason. For food. That if anyone's to be there was a land. This force that would do you expect from love and to close you. We're smashing. The people started to catch him. But nothing can quite feel right. This 1919. 1919. But. 1919. 1919. 1919. But. But. But. You know the raya. And we think they beat the pants up. We're still at the blazer. But also there was. We're in. So. Be. Hawkins. Yes. He was. I wonder. If you survived. 19. 1995. Hey, we don't forget to remind me to play in 1995 again. All right. Hey, don't forget to check out our website. New Rogers.com. If you haven't watched it already. And even if you have, you probably forgot what it was. 9. 11. And we put the other link on it. Just in case it doesn't play in our computer. I don't know. I think it might disappear from their own source. That we will research it. We'll research it. We'll get it on there because you must watch it. That's your homework for tomorrow. Bye. Bye. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. What word did you say? I'm.