Yahh! and take them from the end of the day. One, and move on, and then spend your dollars with you. We'll go to the grocery store. Actually, I just hope they have the Christmas right. So they know they're doing a baby good day. And they're doing a good day. They're doing a good day. We can save all the life. If you're not focused on it, we'll feed them. And we'll be there. And we'll be there. And now, bar, you're comfortable. But what's going on here is that? This is gold. Okay. Now, boy, watch me. That's why you'll be happy. That's sad, sad, sad, sad. So... 10, 23, 5, 60, WDQM. Can you believe I was start talking there? And even at my micah. Huh, huh, huh. Well, we've been out of a lot of pressure and stress-to-lice feed as you don't say. Huh, huh. Wow. I have never, ever in my life been so glad to get on a plane. In fact, I told thanks to my good buddy, can't help but to national level. Took me to MIA yesterday. And I told him, and this is the truth. That'll be the happiest human being on a face of the years when I get my boarding pass. And I get on the other side of the security thing. After they do the screening, which... I don't understand what was going on yesterday, because that's not the airport would be packed after everybody was locked in. It was nobody there. Except that they're candid. And I said, hey, we're candid. Thank you for getting me out of there. And once I got out, I didn't have to wait for anybody to go through the screening thing. You know, usually there's about a dozen people ahead of you? Nobody. Zip her out onto there with my razor blades and a switch plate. And no problem at all. Careful. And man, I'm going to tell you when that plane landed, that person in the international airport, I wanted to get off and kiss the ground. Just kiss it. Kiss it. As bubble would say. By the way, Bob is doing pretty good. He's doing just fine. Right? Oh, we're fine. He's doing a, okay. He's trying to resuscitate the carry campaign. Good luck to you, Bob. You'll need help on that. So speaking of that bit that I played, George W. Bush started cocaine. It can't be with new book claims. But we're not supposed to talk about those things because that was long time ago in another lifetime. See, what the carry didn't be at non-30 years ago. That's a big deal. But what Bush did 30 years ago, well, no mask. His wife Laura also led you to try the cannabis in her youth. Author Kenny Kelly says in her biography the family, the real story of the Bush dynasty that the US president first used cocaine at university in the mid-1960s. She quotes his former sister, La Chire and Bush who claims, Bush did cocaine, David, when his father was president, and that just wasn't either. Other acquaintances alleged that the, as a 26 year old national guard, Bush liked to sneak out back for a joy to rid of the bathroom for a line of cocaine. Bush is admitted being an alcoholic, but after a 99 election if he did drugs, the 99 election, what, what, what's from the mirror UK, what do you expect from them? He said, I've told the American people that years ago have made some mistakes. I've learned from him, and states should be fortunate enough to become president of her dignity and honor to the office he said. But we're still waiting for that. Later in eight clarified, as remarks saying that Bush hadn't taken illegal drugs in the past 25 years. How about, about 30 minutes? Yeah. Kelly says that the Bush family covered up scandals because of their wealth and influence. He claims George W. started drinking at school, continued to ear University, and over-comes China's former student, troubley George says in the book, poor Georgie, he couldn't relate to what unless he was loaded. And I would imagine looking at the him, they probably felt the same way about it. Author says he went out of his way to act crude. It's amazing someone you held in such low esteem later became president. How do you like that? So my house says the book appears to be filled with the same trashed as credited years ago. So I'll just say, Tommy Pinkle plot by all these love co-sties, right? The lefties. And let's see, here's the poll we did. I'm a little bit disorganized here, because I just end wondering if this radio station's ever going to come back to earth. Oh, if we're going to get like one toll on the ground. No. And speaking of that, I don't know about any of you, but you got the poll result wrong. We had the poll on there for days and days and days and now George after screwing off yesterday and playing musical day. And now he's out sick today. Oh, brother. You see, on top of it or what? Was he sick yesterday too? Yeah, he says it just got worse. Yeah. Couldn't make it. And? That's it. He'll probably show up on Thursday, because we got a real short show on Thursday. We got the Marlins in the Met's 1230 pregame and 105 game time. What it sounds really nice to me. Is that right, or is it supposed to be 1235? I wouldn't want to see clearance making a mistake. No, 1230. 121? I thought that was a half-hour before game time. Didn't we do 1235 the other day? Well, whatever. Listen, hey, I don't need the extra 500. You understand it. No way. Like I said, 12-plenty. On Thursday, so George will probably show up on that show. That'll be the day that's during Goat Till, about 1115, which sounds really good to us. 1600 and I'll be before we get to the poll. I guess I better get back to doing things in the correct order. The bad news from Iraq and it just keeps getting worse. Even though, of course, the mission has been accomplished. You do understand that. But U.S. deaths in Iraq near a thousand. 12 U.S. troops have been killed in Iraq since yesterday, and six combat incidents, bringing the number of American deaths in the war to 998. Remember a couple months ago that was saying, Oh, well, it's going to be really bad if it gets to a thousand before the election. Let me ask you this. How many chances in a billion do you think they were that there won't be a thousand by November the second? We need two more. Let's go. Seriously, what chance do you think there is that by November the second? There won't be two more American deaths. I would say, oh, five soldiers and seven Marines were killed in the fighting. The latest death came this morning. In Baghdad, Saad or city, when Iraq had propelled grenade attack to soldier, three tanks and three other U.S. military vehicles were burning in Saad or city as we speak, along with tanks armored personnel carriers, Bradley fighting vehicles and jets were seen in her. So it must be because of the fantastic job. It's not that Bush is winning in the presidential race. It's that carries losing it. He's handing it to him on a platter. And you know when he really blew it, when he asked him about well, if he knew that about the weapons and mass destruction, what he knows now and like a more like a jackass, he says, oh, I still would have given a vote for the resolution. And I was kind of like a kiss of death, I would say. So we'll get to the pull results from Thursday or what did I put that on there? I guess I emailed that to Eric over the weekend. Because I got to tell you, and I'm glad because tough called me historically on Friday morning at about 10 o'clock. Oh, gee, I think we did the wrong thing. You think we'd be able to early because there wasn't much going on. What a wise Friday morning. And did you want to come in and I'll run the board for you. We'll have a great time. And I thought about it for 10 seconds and I said, no, no. Because the last thing I needed to do sitting there sitting in a room all by myself for the TV said, anybody with power could have been watching their TV. And at that point, everybody had power anyway. So what was I going to do if he says, maybe give it out to me misinformation. We don't have a news wire. We don't have a news department. We are in a news station. Okay, all we know about is sports. That's all we know. Scores stuff like that. Yeah, the weather, Charlie. You could have gone off that. We are right. Well, I was doing that on Thursday. What else is I going to put on there, bun? See, and I didn't want to go on there. Give my opinions about these as stereotypes, I'm on there because God forbid that I should have given some bad information. I don't want that responsibility. In a radio station where we know nothing about the outside world. I don't want to take that upon my shoulders. And then this morning, dust says to me in between, since we're going to Howard Ferencher, we came running and says, you're right. It's a little bit of bad idea. Maybe dust should have gone on here and hyperventilated for a four hours. I would have been good. 10.30 at five, 60. WQM as we try to bring a little normal seat back. You can go out and get gas. The gas stations are like a load enough again. Everything is going to be just fine. Oh, we're fine. I've been looking for more West than they thought it was. Don't let me forget it. 11 o'clock. It's going to be the next advisory. It's a cat tree right now. I've been worth it. Nobody worried about Ivan. I don't think you're going to get that. You're just going to get it. But in the sky we got my killer there today. We got Cuba is not going to get it. Maybe that bearded bass is going to get snack right in the old. Hi. Back home. Maybe that'll this will be the time. Huh? You never know. 29 before 11 at 5, 60, WQM. Let's take a look at that schedule that I'm sure the audience is waiting out there with Beta and breath. We got the mad dogs. You managed it too. And then this must be a typo because it says. No, no, no, no, no. Well, how are David in it for? Where is the Humper? Damn it. Where is fat hank? So, no continues hanging on by his pestacles. 6. 30 got Marlins on deck. 705 domestic at the Marlins of PP Park. Well, what a big domestic. Can't win a 15 these days. So, the Marlins get a real schedule break. Any camp to the baseball game. Right now, Armstrong Ford Holmes did wants to clear their lives and sell off all remaining O4's. Here are just some of the great deals waiting for you. An O4, F150 pick up just $1 over in-voice. New O4 explorers just $1 over in-voice. Rangers, Crown VIX, TURSERS, and focuses are all waiting for you. It's just $1 over in-voice only at Armstrong Ford of Holmes did. Plus Armstrong Ford offers more value to with loyal customers. When you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. You heard right. Tires and batteries for life. The value you'll get at Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there either. Right now you get a free Florida sun pass with any vehicle you buy. Press for time. Armstrong Ford knows your time is valuable. So, column 305, 247, 5112 and Shopify phone. They'll even deliver your new vehicle right to you. Armstrong Ford, Holmes said, look, we owned an operated. They treated us like family. I guarantee you won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. No way, no way, no weight in switch, no phone ideals. Armstrong Ford, Holmes did, you'll find them at 307-25. South-Lixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the E36. Take them out on the web at ArmstrongCars.com. And then, grab a little and save a ton on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of Holmes did. That's not how this church is going to be. We'll rock your mornings and we'll get four or so round of clock to find six different things to weigh in. Florida sucks. When then you'll wait down the bank as south. Find them a great head of PTL when it's just the only day. Since that is gonna wait, because they couldn't give her every handbag. This city free just fences time and jail, but he should. Get up off as knees, cause he's getting nailed, his ass, but racing gone. Cause damn he's moving on, he has to be looking for the wild place. Raccoon. Hey, he's the same thing, but it was so easy. To pay for cars with damning trains, he's free to say it's out he's the smile. He's the chief fire of the night. Just once we can't let you be happy. But every face is swimming around, for every two sheets of five. And while he's just running and now I'm here, he didn't know I'd change five. I could've got to pass it. That's the real book I worked with, rather, half a lot today. What is the only stop I've ever been? You see it around CNN? It's in, right? No, it's not in, but it was sunshine, state you crazy bitch. It's in, it's the South of Cuba, Cuba, but that call, where's the call? Yeah, ice cream, go look it. Well, speaker of that, the reason I've played that is because Jessica Han is behind to be a Canadian. Where'd you get that picture? What? That's a good picture, isn't it? I don't know, I just stumbled upon it. Man, oh man, no wonder Jim Baker got religion, huh? She's all out there. It's all there, all right. Being in Curtin, John Ascrop, he's not looking as weak. He's got bigger fish to fry. He's not paying any attention. He's got other things to worry about. Like portal, like we saw in 60 minutes last night. Porto's bad. And it's a, you know, they present these shows like, like America's in a vacuum. You know, like all of a sudden, America just invented pornography in the rest of the world. But they don't know anything about that stuff. You know, like, I can't grow up already. Will you grow up? God, that was weak. Jessica Han is behind to be the curtain that a New Arrogance calm her claim to fame. She was the dish, television, Jim Baker was about to be having an affair with the 1987. You go, boy. Han star rose, boy. She must have been, I don't know, he must have been coming up with some big gear Case out of the coffers. Well, else would she be hanging him on like with a little twerp. He just looked like Maddie Bell when he came right down to me, you know? You ever seen him and Maddie Bell together? No. Same guy. Little twerp. You could step on him and not even know it. Han star rose as Baker's house of cards crumbled being out of the affair, just prior to being hit with conspiracy and wire fraud charges. Baker went to prison 45 years later, reduced to eight. Tom went on the cover of Playboy magazine and a brief soft porn fin up career. I don't know why I was read though, because take a look at that. She's also made the parents are too on the Howard Stern show. And apparently married the creator of Merid with children on which he's done a cameo. Apparently married the creator. Now what does that mean? Maybe. Maybe. Maybe not. She resides in Beverly Hills on Zekondo and West Hollywood, California, that is. Her main calling and light these, they seem to be as a search engine key words in meta tags of online porn websites. Shame on them. Shame on all those pre-war stuff. They're like Jim Baker, man. Screwing around with that bitch. What that slut? 1665 votes on the poll from over the weekend. Whenever we started this, I was just inspired sitting around there very, oh, brother. You know, there's a term stir crazy come to mind? Yes. God Almighty. I mean, what do you do day after day after day? You just locked in there. You can't get out. Eat. And you sit around and eat. I gain that would say. I'm not 30 man. Half of the weight back. This last week that I had lost like in a previous month. I was doing so well. And you wanted to know one of the main reasons I was doing so well? Why? Because I wasn't there. Because email one, it's not storming in whatever. Generally in sound floaties sit around in the, any, any, any, any, any, any, any, any, any, get rid of it, which I can't make those sounds anymore. And I'm not sure. There is nothing else to do, huh? I mean, if you look on or by the ocean and you're on the beach and you can get out. Where I live, as you know, there aren't even a sidewalks. Much less. Huh? Pretty lift. In plantation acres. Like you don't know where I live? I know. You've been near making fun of my poor, uh, departed dog. Think you, yeah. Oh, why? Can you believe he said that? I did the bait. The dog has been dead for like two and a half years. And he's called the dog. A lot of the beautiful golden receivers thinking because he had an ear problem. He had crap in his ears. I think you bought crap to an eight in your ears, man. 16, 165 votes. And the reason I was inspired for this poll is because I was just spinning blood watching some of you fools out there on television. And some of you lemons out there in the public, you know, they could come on here right now and say, oh, hurricane, Ivan is going to destroy the whole state. You better get to the airport right now. Get up and you could look on that TV and see that it was coming nowhere near you. And the wild rush that would be on me. A lot of you people are crazy. Well, they got to worry people, you know. The proof of that was Saturday morning. I'm sitting there in my hand. I only lost power two hours. I know. Man, man, that too bad. A lot of people around me, lost it for a long time and many people are there still on him have it. Man, that too bad. But Saturday morning I'm watching because there's no football on me at that hour early. And they're showing all these morons. If you're including many of you listening right now, I'm sure you're just idiots. You just too easy. Either that he were bored to death. I can understand then. They're out there at the state road. A four lumber. You know, they're on four 41. Yeah. Three 400 people standing online. And it's already raining. If it's nasty, it's starting to rain. It's bitter. It's getting brutal. And they're standing on like waiting for their plywood. The only problem of this is as you watch the TV. If they would have stayed home and turned on their TV, you can see that the eye to hurricane was already. Or as Bob Grimson's hurricane. The hurricane was already. Even it was like 200 miles east and already even with the light of two to Broward County. Now unless it stopped and made a direct lift to like Mr. Walker trying to make a do or maybe you turn like Brian Norcross or trying to make a do it wasn't going to we were going to take it to right. The best were people at home depot when they ran out of wood. People were buying the shelves. They were buying the shelves. They said how much for the shelves. No, no, probably would left. Oh, my God. Oh, man. Not that some of you people go into a panic. So all I can say is you and I'm going to tell you if I see one more now the best of all was that Mike what is his name? Not Mike Spindell. Whatever his name was. Slide L. I don't know whether channel somebody will know. I have never seen such like coasts is all these lunatics out there standing in a pouring rain and torrential rains and the wind is blowing in it. And every time they would put this goofball on the ear, you could see him trepping for getting it. They always put them out a couple of seconds too soon because you could see him in the swimming position where he's crouching and he's holding on to his leg like he's going to get blown away and see, I hate to break the news to you, but these people could have been giving us just as effective a report from inside looking out a window. Oh, no, that wouldn't be any fun. Wouldn't it? No, wouldn't it? That jerk from channel four that jumped in a water with a surfboard and then nearly drowned in time of all the coast guard. And he wanted to see rescue people for hours till they found his story. I wish he would have drowned. I think I liked that. That's big time. Yeah, big time way for some jackass over there channel four. Oh, it's big in a jack. And God, that's a good thing how it ended early this morning. So much screaming in the island of doing, including Al Sunshine, way those arms, how way of those arms. Now you talk about the power of this program. For the last, what was really fluid was 99. It doesn't seem like five years ago, but I guess it was 1999. And Mayor, teen teen teen year, whatever his name is, got to be careful that we say that Mayor, teen teen. He was on there just reaming everybody out. Well, we have a hurricane warning still above a bomb. You've been in a co-authic. And at the meantime, course last time I checked he was never mayor of anything except Dave County had nothing to do with Broward. Nothing to do with Broward. And so the sun was shining. The hurricane was already past Broward. It was already north of Broward across east of Palm Beach County. So there wasn't any problem. So the people that's already in restaurant and forlaterdale had the audacity to open up and serve people who were starving to death because they had eaten a couple of days because we were all locked in in a panic. And now sunshine goes up there and he's chewing them out. Don't you people understand that we're under a warning and everybody's supposed to be club of just ripping them in as well. I mentioned that last week and sure enough on Sunday, who do we see on 10 or four on the hysteria station? Al sunshine. Where is Al sunshine? He's at the Floridian in Fort Loderdale, on Lasso, Lasforevard. Where they've opened up because everybody's dying desperately waiting for a store or restaurant, something to open up. And they've opened and they're serving their fine food to all kinds of people inside. Al goes on a great length to show us that I'm only where they open, but he takes his inside to show us how packed they are and they're serving up those famous egg dishes and breakfast that they're famous for and out of just sucking them big time. Okay. Al sunshine, you idiot, you quizzing you. Shame on you. Yeah, shame on you. Exactly. Everybody get that arm and at hand-hawk position and wave it. Shame on you. Al sunshine, you idiot, you suck whole you. Now, here's the pool. I eventually will get around to doing this. This is the one we did over the weekend, who has been the most irresponsible of giving hurricane Francis information. By the way, we got socked and landed. You see that? There's a half a million people with no power in the Georgia in the Atlanta area. They got socked a big time. So this really loves company. Where do I get refunds on water and plywood? Wins are pool 426. Well, it's goes to show you when you go into a panic. Go to the store and buy it all up right now because you never know. I've been my turn and might like come back at you. I go out there and buy everything inside right now. Grab it and go on any, leave any behind for anybody else either. Just grab it all through yourself. You see that we're starting to have like fights, fist fights at the lumber places? The hurricane, the either hurricane is already north of us, but don't confuse these people with the facts. They like staying in the out there online. They have nothing else to do. Brian Norcross is number 2, 350 votes. Now, I mean, there's nothing to be said about her. She's just a nut job. But you got it wrong. You absolutely got it wrong because Bill Kamal should have beaten him by a landslide, by a mile. They all belong in jail, 271 people said that. They've all done a great job. Who I've written 50 of you silly ass people out there said they all did a great job. Bill Kamal 168, the Weather Channel 77, Rollin' Stadium, only 47, Don, no 43. And Max had room Afield 33. Mr. We said I didn't put everybody on there. I'd love to know what that weather lady from Channel 6, the dark conflict of the girl, her name is Treena Sumpton. Do you know? No. Neither one of us. We know it's out. Huh? Because somebody in the building must know what her name is. Or somebody in the audience. She's good. She's very, very good. The broadband channel for she can't say 10 words without stumbled in the phone and phone and phone and phone and phone and phone and phone and phone and phone. But she's not. But she's not. But she's not. But she's not. But she's not. But she's not. But she's not. But she's not. But the chicken channel, 60's very, very good. She's excellent. But in Parallel names on here, because first of all, I didn't know all the names. And secondly, they're kind of small potatoes compared to the big girl. Bill Kamal, there is a special place in hell for you. And I'll tell you one, it's just forming off the coast of Africa. And every time you get on there with either Ed, what's that boring guy from the hurricane center Ed, the rapper for it? Or Max had a headroom, a few years ago. He was trying to talk them into things. And he was very frustrated in the fact that they wouldn't agree. Well, isn't it possible that if the system stalls in a wobble directly to the west, he was so intent on making them sure that we got to direct it. And he was going to do anything out of the sun to make it happen. And how about Southwest? Can't it come Southwest? And back at us, you know, like Betsy did 100 years ago? Very, very sad. So there are a lot of people that are really good job, including the people like, you know, even silly Tony Cigarette, or works when I see him. And I can't take anything serious because he's a clown. He's just a silly sports nerd. And Kelly Craig, who unfortunately has ballooned up to gigantic and Bob Mayer, all that we love, Kelly and Bob. If they could put them on the air, especially Bob Mayer, who's 100 years old, how come they can't direct Bob Weaver out of the mob balls and put him on, and VC for six that they screwed over. Huh? Would you have loved to see Bob Weaver on there? Yeah, sure. Well, why not? I mean, he may be old and the story to look him because he's old and the story to look him. But the fact that he might have risen, at least he knows what he's talking about. He's not a panic man. We don't need to see Miss Kamal and Miss Norcross on there. The weather fairy senior and junior didn't everybody we've developed it, but we're friendly. How this thing is going to come back at us and about Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, you know, talking crap. Well, if he knows what he's talking about, he wouldn't fit in very well. But yeah, that's a good point. If he had any idea what was really going on, if he was a real meteorologist instead of some hysteria longer, he probably wouldn't fit into it. You're right. So that's why we didn't want to see Weaver the weather man. We want to see a bunch of hype or jumping up and down. I'd like they had answered their pants like Mexican jumping beans. We're out here in the store, and we're getting blown away. And then of course, I don't know about you. And I don't want to sound disrespectful because I can't even imagine what those people in the Bahamas once they gone through. Because that thing just sat out over their ass and just sat there in our after hour after hour, after hour, the airport was flooded. I mean, it was just unbelievable. But you know what? At the risk of having insensitive, what had been happening with us? Right? Right? And what was the road from Channel 4 was it? They got into it? Yeah. Who cares about her? I mean, you know if we should hear one. And? I don't know. She got hurt. I see. Why are we supposed to care about that? If we saw that once or twice, that would have been fine. And then we get the conversation on, when my power went out for a couple of hours, I turned on the FM. I certainly was going to turn us on. And I heard her channel 10. And they're talking to some clown over there in the Bahamas again. And oh, I Larry King wants you on tonight. And Larry King, as soon as you get through with us, call it. And they must have spent 20 minutes on this guy that Larry King wanted to have him on. I had nothing to do with giving us any information. You see, you people in the television industry, the problem that most of you have is you want to make it about you. Not about us. Whether we're going to stay alive, useful information. Is there a gas station open anywhere? Is there even a taco bell open? And by the way, save those beans. You crazy people you. Taco bell finally opens at four o'clock or whatever time they open Friday afternoon by me. There. You order a bunch of stuff with no beans and guess what you get on it. That beans. That beans. Lots and lots of beans, man. Didn't need any extra beans to keep me in the imagined room most of the weekend because all you do is eat and then you're rid of it. Can't talk about that extra story activity. But that's what you do. You just eat and eat and eat and then log it extra for your activities. All you do is. Don't let me forget nine minutes. We got the 11 o'clock at Ivan. In a clock this morning, dangerous hurricane. Ivan reached 150 miles an hour while nearing the winward islands. Hurricane warning remains an effect for twin and head to Bagel. San Vincent the Gwynadines and Gwyneta. And it's the Penencies. All that's in Vatima again. Preparations to protect life and property should be washed to completion. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. They should be washed. I love the way they save that. A tropical storm warning is an effect for Barbados. Martinique and St. Lucia. Interest elsewhere in the lesser antelasin the eastern Caribbean. Seasured closely monitored of the progress of Ivan. And either clocked this morning. The center was located by an Air Force reconnaissance plane. Your latitude 11.6 north. Longitude 59.4. Wester about 110 miles south of Barbados. This is also about 80 miles east north east of Tobago. Abon was moving west. See they keep saying it's going to move to the northwest. But if you look at the tracking map, it's almost like off the coast of Venezuela. Maybe God is pissed off at Hugo Chavez. You think they might have something to do with all this? I know he's pissed off at Jim Bush. He's pissed off at Jim Bush and Catherine Harris. For that fixed election in 2000. He's just getting around to punishing them now. We all had a suffer for it. And he's really pissed off at Hugo Chavez. Ivan is moving toward the west near 18 miles per hour. Maximum sustained winds. 150 miles an hour. It's mixed at a dangerous category. Three. Some additional strengthings possible today. And we advise we're coming up in just a matter of moments. That's what's getting real. Most of us. Both of us which make it to the East Y. When some of us have been somewhat serious about From the steering, especially sticky, We do a rear mountainx mark between those 병 see and catch first ones so you can get there and being in stores more than what a state open over the weekend. In some places, yes. Yeah. I mean, now the only thing I'm thinking of is that maybe Thursday and early Friday there was such a rush on stuff that they, and of course they had no way to get in resupplied because the trucks weren't coming in with anything. That maybe they just had nothing to sell. That's the only thing I can think of. Yeah. When I went to a gas station, they were pretty cleaned out. Yeah. They were open, but they were cleaned out. They were open? Yeah. I mean, the mini-marked. Yeah. It was 7. 11. Not the gas though. 7. 11 sells gas? Yeah. Some do. You have to be shmitting me. What kind of gas do you put in your tank? Oh, 7. 11. That tells me automatically whatever your driving is a piece of crap. But I would have thought that they would have stayed open, some of those people, because, you know, the major supermarkets they didn't have electricity, they didn't want to restore employees' lives. The only place that we found open on Saturday morning was Eckards. Between eight and noon, they stayed open. And I'd rather croak than get some per mechers, but I'd never less. They had some crap. They had like stickers, ice cream bars, and candy, and the usual assortment of crap. And that's all they had. So that's all I eat. Crap, and crap, and crap, and crap, and more crap. Seriously, the pull I'm taking today, here's the new pull. Add the word nightmare. Okay. I haven't had that on there, but that's my choice. This was like a nightmare that never ended. And for the poor bastards into Bahamas, I can't even imagine. Anybody out there who really believes that South Florida's ready for a category three, four, or five, we went through a category five with Andrew. We were very, very lucky, unless of course you were one of those people in South Thay, but can you imagine if Andrew would have been about 10 miles to the north? Can you imagine that? No. Can you imagine if this one would have been about, say, 15, 20 miles the higher the hurricane, 15, 20, 30 miles to the south? But, turn it man. And this was only a category two when it came on, sure. I can't even imagine that. We're not ready man. We're not prepared. And you idiots out there with your damn fikestries. You ought to be in jail. I think that between now and the next one, which we can avoid, I think between and now, we ought to like to make every person that's got a fikestry either get the tree removed, chopped down, or pay like a $1,000 fine per tree. Because they don't have any roots. The roots are about a quarter of an inch deep. Have you ever seen the base of a fikestry? No. You can't even see the one on TV over the one on TV, right? Yeah, they're about a half an inch of dirt because they have no roots. They don't go deep into the ground. And so as you result, every time like if somebody walks by and whistles, that's it. They fall over, so they're fikestries all over the place on the ground. Which of these best describes your hurricane Francis experience? That's our poll question of the annualrages.com. Nightmare, did you get that on there? I did. That's my choice. Thank you. Master, no big deal, boring, aggravating, puke inducing, ponderous, or costly. And maybe there's some others too. I'm sure that they must be. And then to see the way some of these people, you know, got in their cars and ran out of gas because they were trying to go somewhere that they couldn't get to and they had to turn around and come back to for if you were running out of gas. Where did they get to? They had a van. They were looking for gas stations. That's right. That's like I said on Thursday. I could have put gas stations that were still staying open on the year, but then a lot of people would have done this. They would have gone out there with their eighth of a tank of gas and it would have ran out of gas, looking to find one of those stations that was still open. So what's the point? I thought people overreacted were crazy or anything. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Like that. 10, 57, at 5, 60, WQA, and you know, I urge everyone to complain to this station. WQA might be for audio. I didn't hear anything about the owner. I joined the Nazi Party, they used to call it the GOP, and I strongly agree with driving policies so that won't be coming for me. So I went to the Nazi Party, convention held in the entire state. For 9, 11, thank the Saudi, get their hands are shaped, and dance on the grave of leaving. Mine caught down. The bush that trunits with, received 50, 50, 1, and 10, can't think for yourself. What got off the wall? What got off the wall? What got off the wall? The boot of the boot of the field, the hell, fire up. The entertainment that the Nazi Party was appropriate to Christian and white. There was David's Duke and Clear channel, a proofly greenwood until the green teeth piece. I'm watching, all right now, and hand cultures will, if you don't believe or should it only live on? I have to wait a minute, it says on here, a social producer is currently not connected with her, and I just came back. Oh, hallelujah. Now, did somebody in the building do something there? Well, I told Jim fix it, y'all. So I just, oh Jim fix it, y'all didn't. He fixed it. WDQAM, hello. QAM. Hey, I wanted to know, what is the latitude and the logitude on that hurricane? I even missed it if you can give it to me again. Get out of here. I got your logitude over here, pal. Back home. Yeah. All the trackers out there. Idiots. Oh, by the way, started fatwitching the Derek could make it in the track Friday. We're closed. A little problem there. Oh, do you think they're going to be closed? No, they're going to run into hurricane. Okay, just to keep you happy, Rich. Just calm down. WQAM, hello. QAM. Yeah, the biggest assholes, pro captain. Great, that's good. That didn't take too long. See, I told you, this is what we're here for. Maybe to get somebody's great colors on here. Now that they've been frustrated and cooped up for 14. I'm so happy you're right. Exclusively. I'm 60. The Republic, baby. Only in Miami. Oh, no, you're 60. You're not a rock lady. You can't see me right now. But I get a Georgia. I am wearing a step-foot-white smile. I have a femininity that do them my face. I take a moment of your time to order a Georgia vote. Great, so freaking. I am smiling again. Hi, y'all. Hi. I am quite mad, you know. I'm hoping for a boy who sees one their fool. But I'm actually... It's 11 17. If I'm 60, I'm going to queue a. I'm kind of abrupt. I guess you was busy. She showed her ugly post on her over the weekends. He was on it. And of course, Mayor Tini, Pini, he was on there all over the place. Just over and over and over again. Did you see the mayor, what's your name? Dolores Weinstein Schwartz or whatever her name is, the mayor of Broward. And one of the channels put around. I think it was four before she knew she was going to be on. And she was talking about getting your contract with Duncan Donuts. What? Yeah, she said, oh, well, you know, what are we getting the donuts? I guess, you know, you guys, we had to have a contract with Duncan. And she had no idea that she was on here. It was pretty embarrassing. It was cute. Which of these best describes your hurricane Francis experience since our poll question that 115 votes aggravating God. The third man. Flooring is God. The third man. Ponderless 25. No big deal, 11. Costly 9. Tuk inducing four on Nightmare 3 and a total of 10. It was like a nightmare that just never wanted to end. It just went on and on and it all because it was moving so damn slow. And of course, as it was moving so damn slow, they have an opportunity for a lot of people to make Jack has to do themselves, including that kid that jumped into water with a surfboard, including the all of these people. Every single lot of them that they had outside. It's like a contest to see who could be the biggest Jack has. Who do the biggest St. Vitis dance out there in the fire in the storm and hurricane? Mike, no that's not his name. What is his name? The guy in the weather in the channel. Somebody should know. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 60 on a, Verizon wireless and singular wireless line. W 2 Q A and hello. W 2 Q A and hello. Oh God. Even not even today after all of that. W 2 Q A and hello. Hello? Yes sir. You were talking about the crazies that were standing outside with their cameras and stuff. There was this one girl on channel 4. We were watching it and she's there and a rain slicker. And all this stuff. And all this just flew behind me. I thought it was a stop sign. But it was just do not enter and you looked down. There's the do not enter sign and she's weren't a pair of flip-flops with her toe showing. You didn't. And I'm thinking, what are the idiots? She could know, if she's out there telling everybody to be safe, if she's weren't flip-flops in the whole thing. But the best time is that they're out there transizing other people like residents who are out there just stroll around or tourists and wherever they have it. And they're transiting. Well don't you understand haven't you been watching? Don't you understand you're not supposed to be out there. And of course the obvious responses. Well what the hell are you doing out here? You idiot. But the thing that got me was she goes, this could have killed somebody. And I'm thinking, no, I could have sliced off your freaking fight. Right. You know, what? I think you've done that. So I got on the internet. When I got tired, you know, we have power by them. Yeah. I don't even know what the channel for is websites that act flying. You know, this and that. Yeah. I said it in. Do you think they aired it? Yeah. Personally. No. There's their own stupidity. I mean, the chick that got hit in the chest. You know, she was doing a good job. And then you were back here. But how many times did we need to hear about that? Not too much of her. Actually, that's it again. When they become the story and not stuff that has to do with the public, then again, the way over the top. Everybody's trying for the blind, Northgate, cultural, and inrobits. They want to move. Yeah. You're right. They want the fame. It's that 15 minutes. You know, I mean, give that a weapon. A household name until he did a hurricane. Okay, probably. I'd like to ask. Let's see. Eric says, I'm telling you. I'm just a primitive and material. Okay, whatever you say, or just to keep it off, that we don't need it. I haven't seen this. I don't have any idea what it's all about. Okay. Just what we need to start the week. Okay. It's more of a source. This radio station, man. It's all we got is a source. Let's see. It's the work. Yeah, that looks very familiar to me is what it looks like. That's a rare. Huh? That's a really. Yeah, sounds awfully familiar. You use your old John provocative term. You can't get it off it air and then the hell with it. 560, 0.560, pound 560, only Verizon Wireless and Senator Wireless Line. We got the mad dog at 2. Oh, right. And then we got the Mohour David. Oh, do do do do do do do. Four is we continue asking the questions. Nobody gives us his answer. What is the hopper coming back? When the hell is the big fan hopper ever going to be off the original vacation. Already give us a freaking answer. You idiot, too. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yes, sir. The funny one was when Alex and Alex was going to be on the show. And Alex was on TV, giving his speech. And it did please everything inside the house and it's not. And then you hear all the new one of the new castor interviewing his brother. He's on the beach walking around and he's saying, well, we should stay inside. But I came to see the rain and he's putting. Okay, great. Good call. Excellent call is this exactly what you'd expect after 40s of psychosis. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. Yeah, I got a comment about what you're talking about. I brought these crazy four chapters. Rooking for the songs. Yes, sir. Yes. I was watching that crazy guy build come on. He's sitting there rooting for. I was watching the film Charlie first where he's rooting for the storm to get stronger. The can't go to three, but it could be a four, right? Could be a four. Exactly. He's rooting for our death. That is correct. Exactly. That seems nice. I can't even read no one's saying this because they got the best looking women. So that's only read no one's seven. Okay. Five, six, seven. I'm just taking them all. I'm just going to take 80 million calls. Let's just go with it. Yeah, why don't we go? We got all day. Well, listen, I got a lot of pen up frustration these past years. I can relate. I can understand. They've been like prisoners and they just have to unleash the US Army to ask Halibut and the reports, the BBC, the Pentagon plans to end a contract given a Halibut and provide US troops in Iraq with logistical support according to Wall Street Journal. The Army will put the work out to bid. Let a concept the newspaper says, quoting an Army memorandum which estimates the contract can be worth a mere $13 billion. Halibut has been a huge of overcharging since it was handed to the no bid contract last year. And of course, I'll bush myster. 11 points ahead in the time pool. 11 points ahead in the newsweek pool and seven points ahead in the latest Galpsi, CNN pool. And why is it because he's doing good stuff? Is it because people love him? No. Is it because he's popular? No, it's because Kerry is like a heading into a monosolar platter so far and people are peeing in their pants. A lot of stuff happens since I sat down here on Thursday. You know, Baba had that to heart bypass. Good. Did everything came out well? Oh, you know, I really frosted me about that. And it's so typical. And I'm not going to stick up for that doctor, Agatston because I think he's just a pure rip off of Atkins when that's how feed style. But nevertheless, so Clinton had made it known very well that he'd been on the South Beach side for six months to a year, something like that, and lost a whole bunch of weight. And right off of that, what do they have? What's the first thing out of all their miles? All these experts that try to pedal you their crap? Oh, you see that was an unsafe diet. And that's what caused his arteries to be oil clogged. Look, guess what? First of all, part of it is genetic. His family's had a long history of heartening in the arteries. And number two, you know, he clogged up all your arteries like that in six months. It's from a lifetime of eating crap, which he was well known for doing by the way. You're going to need to have one person who would like to eat crap. We're going to have another person who now that's full of crap. Once speaking of this person being full of crap, and also of course we had that horrendous thing in Russia. Let me just say it again, if there's anybody out there who doubts what I've been telling you for a hundred years about religion, religiousness, all being crazy, like, What are the government like that? There they are. What is it that they want? I keep asking people, what is it that these check-ins want? Oh, they want the independence. It's all these Muslims over there. They want to have their own thing, you know? They want their own time. So let's go into a school and kill up by some little kids. That's your should solve it. Don't you think? That should make it a lot better. And then they keep showing at one punk on there. I'm television one of the sassons, one of the, whatever it had you want to call them. Kidnappers, purchasers, a murderer. He ought to be taking a part piece by piece with the tweezers right on worldwide TV. Right on CNN, MSNBC, even on Fox. Send the message out. You know what I'm talking about? Michael Morris is he won't submit Fahrenheit 9.11 for consideration as best documentary if this year's Academy Awards instead, he's going for the bigger prize of best picture. Morris critically acclaimed film, Slime's President Bush's War on Terror, is ill-advised and corrupt. The movie is two Democrats but enraged the president supporters who booed more when he visited the Republican National Convention last week. For me, the real Oscar would be Bush's defeat on the member second mortuary AP during a phone interview yesterday from New York. The six million dollar films become a sensation that's collected 117.3 million in the West of the summer. Despite the early World Blackland Disney refused to alert me or my distributed. In the midst of the presidential campaign, Morris announced as a strategic move for his Oscar campaign, Documentaries and animated films have their own categories, but the conventional wisdom and Hollywood is that these niche awards can limit a film's appeal and overall best picture class. And don't forget, October 5 comes right into your living room on DVD. You're listening to Neil Roger. You're gonna get a super-proximity on 5660. A QAM. Good night, Arnoeath. Good-good-bye, Terry Silla Board. We'll see you in a more. We can tell you, Chad. You got no job, no more. So, Chad, you're destined to pose out of the doors. It's a moment's heavy heart. Coach Richard used to touch him. I don't think I got to mention him. We had enough for legends lost by you. It's now a stupid husband's yard. You're a rather slow in a sound, so think that hell out of the house. You're not welcoming flowers up into town. You're a natural garden. You wouldn't have Joe with the shady state. How does one must healthy Joe read to me? Or will be old town? It was just stupid, which I'll find something else to do. Like massive, dear, dear, dear, really to you. Rock solid. 11.32.28 till noon at 5.60. WQA, 1804 votes on the poll, which of these best describes your hurricane Francis experience. Okay? Agrovading 51. Boring 48. Pondorist 35. No big deal 19. Costs lay 15. Nightmare 8. Pupiducing 4. And total disaster 4. A few days ago, they were seeing, in fact, we've been headed on our website, that U.S. government officials are claiming that within two months they're going to have a salmiumana? I'm sure. Pakistan, the official don't be too sure. Pakistan officials dismissed a top American counterterrorism official's claim of progress in Hanfar Osama, Yamama, been ladden. Saying yesterday that Pakistan has no clue they have no information on the al-Qaeda leaders where votes. The top government spokesman, Sheikh Rai Sheed Ahmed, said the reason comments about Bin Laden by Jay Cofer Black, the West State Department Coordinator for counterterrorism was a political statement. Oh, what a surprise. You don't have any information about Bin Laden Osama, it said. A senior Pakistan, he's security official, with 10 meetings with Black and the West officials last week and Azamabud said, Black did not share information about any possible hideouts of Osama. We can't say that we're close to capturing in the official set on condition of an enemy because he likes to stay alive. Black told the private EU network and interview broadcast last Saturday that if Bin Laden has a watch, he should be looking at it because the clock is ticking. He will be caught. Take a look at your watch. I wonder what kind of time they're on, huh? Heart surgeon, speaking of time, heart surgeon meets tea time and Mrs. Bill Clinton. You call people, man, you are a little bit crazy that a bed bug. Did you hear this? No. By the way, can VJ sing? Yes, great. On out there, who was really great speaking of what does Don though? No, Don though is very good and we're proud to have channel 10 as our partner. And I'm not saying that because they are because if we had some other catch stations, our partner would rip them an ass, but no, he'd have a good job. And also channel 6, which I still haven't been told any of that. I don't want to know if he knows who she is because nobody knows her name. Treen is something. The Black lady on channel 6 of the lady. She's outstanding. And Roland Stenem was his sensational. So 10 and 6 were very good and 4 and 7 were very, very bad. I mean, just outrageously bad. And 4 Bob so far, you see, that's a problem. He's an old and he's got real fat. And so he was really good to doing voice stuff in a morning. We've stayed never put him on camera. And then once in a while you saw him being the go for a report in our cross. You ever see that when he was like running with the ladies to the advisory. He'd be running from the back of the room from the weather, hysteria center. Yeah, he was holding it for him. Yeah, he was holding it for him. If the case of former president Bill Clinton is any example, being a big shot can sure help get a doctor, but it doesn't care in T for his choice. Dr. Old Wayne Isons said he was at his East Anton home at 7 o'clock Friday morning. When he got a call from a primary care practitioner at Westchester Medical Center, asked him to accept the patient transfer for emergency coronary surgery. I said, I'm on vacation. I said, recall, and he said, well, it's an important person. And I said, well, they're all important. And I had a tea time and on a clock. He said, well, they want you. When I said, who was it? And he said, I can't tell you what's an important person. I said, if you can't tell me that I'm going to play golf. Two story. At that, the doctor asked, I say, a cardiac surgeon and surgeon and chief at Wild Cornell Medical Center in New York. Who would recommend a decisive institution, Colombia and New York hospital and upper Manhattan? And I said, I select great Smith, the chairman of the Division of cardiac surgery, he said. I said, his recommendation probably had an influence in Clinton's decision to go with Smith. Recommending others can be tougher cardiac surgeons who generally hold themselves in high regard. He said, if you ask a real good cardiac surgeon and name the top three heart surgeon of all time, then have trouble naming the other two, he said, which is not necessarily bad. You want somebody when they go through those double doors and surgery, they think are the very best, I some said. So in other words, he may not have gotten the very very best because the guy was playing golf. I some patients include CNN talk show host Larry King, who underwent triple-drive press surgery more than a decade ago. Smith's record was only 12 deaths among 478 patients or 2.51%. And just before I some said he can pretty much decide what he wants to do, he preferred surgery that includes valve replacements, dissymbol CABG, which Clinton and I were at pretty simple stuff. Whatever CABG is, cabbage. Hey, by the way. Yes, for names of Treno Robinson. Oh, thank you very much. Where did that come from? That came from Greg Reed. From Greg Reed. Well, what does Greg Reed? Sun Sentinel, the Harold? We play news. Huh? Huh? The funny paces. Oh, it's big enough funny stuff. Miguel's got the first report on ESPN 790 to ticket on the Stubot Show. Woo! And who was that? Who was the other one? I was almost too gut. So I don't have a thought. Oh, Donald, Daniel Basterd is on there too. The handlebar is from the Harold. If you think his writing is crappy, you ought to hear money here. And Stubots. Cause that's what I said Miguel, the morning. What were they talking about? That's exactly what the sound he made. Like that. And who knows, maybe, is going to go over big. You never know. 567 056, the pound 564 for horizon and singular wireless customers, which of these best describes your hurricane Francis experience. Let me say it again. Don't get stuck in again, buddy. He's grave robbers. Okay? Sit there and watch it and use some common sense. And he'll get all whipped up into a frenzy and go out there and run the buy up every sheet of plywood in the damn mistake. You mini-exue. Oh, here we go again. He's humble by a score. Here's how you can hit by that Tom front again. You saw that already a million times, right? The guy in the panhandle. Gun hit by a palm front. Oh my goodness. Oh my God. Wow. That was really nasty, huh? You're a busted as fingernail. Which of these best describes hurricane Francis experience for you? 210 votes, aggravating 56, boring 51, boy was it ever. If you think South Florida's growing up in just generally, just most of the time, but when you're like locked in, forget about it. Go stir crazy. Pawn. That's exactly correct. Pawn to rest 39. No big deal, 23. How about we put stir crazy on there, huh? All right. That's my like that. That's a good description. Stir crazy. You're sitting near the stores are all closed. The gas stations are all closed. They're telling you, don't go outside, whatever you do, you're going to get shot on sites. People outside. Airbeep politician is there panoramic and sucking up. They're all busy congratulating each other in a fantastic job they're doing. FPL is telling you all the lists and we're doing a sensational job, but it might be a week before we get your power back up for it. We're talking understand, because a lot of you people look at your trees trim this number. One in you and like I said before, the people with a fight histories, you people ought to be shot in the tone. That is disgraceful. No big deal, 23. Costs the 19 and nightmare 11. Total disaster six and puke inducing five. And a nightmare, especially for those of us who had plans to get to hell out, went and doubt, I'm scheduled to get out. But all know the airport is closed and this airline ain't flying and these people are peeing in their pants and for a lot of deals to do an inbound, but not outbound, and etc. When Ed woman from Air Canada told me on Saturday that soon as she could get me on a flight was Wednesday night, meaning tomorrow night, I just about, I just about dropped a load of my pants when she said that. Can you believe that? No seriously, because this is on the heels of already sitting there like locked in, everything is closed and thinking, all on by that time I'm going to wait at least 300 pounds. Got to be. Now I do only one, I sat in the eight and eight and eight all weekend, am I the only one? What else are you going to do? Even though you people are there, there was screwing around, I mean how much of that can you do before you're limp, you know I mean you can only do a certain amount of that. But eating manners no end inside and you're just shoveling it down and shoveling it down and you're cleaning out and of course when people are losing power stop to think about those people. Because everything they got to refer to it is going to spoil anyway, right? Right. So you've got to eat it. When in doubt, pull it out. Your seems a meal, Rogers. Let's go with the classic section. 2AM. Retourage double-gibberish. It comes up in a film about the real Michael Moore and the real reason behind his invasion of convenience source neck. Michael Moore is a weapon of mass destruction when it comes to dang dogs and funny bones. Maran Heights, 711. Explosing the man who is becoming the most faded figure in the Arab world. The fireposs is come kick, he's playing with swords, just get some men. Send the white on the board again, men. And be empowered to everything. Oh, man. From Washington to the Middle East and every place in between that sells slim gyms and condyc bars, you'll find us at Anne with a bad beard and baseball cap held bent on controlling it all. We're once covered to meet in this ball. Michael Moore is not being a bad idea. Very nice. 711. Excuse me, Congressman. Where we're turning to children of politicians to work to sing and source. When Michael Moore comes in with a hangar for 20, sir. Please come back in a second. There are nights. 711. Now, showing 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 11.25 at 5.16. I think something I got addicted to being house found over the weekend with a storm. And I was just nuts. Excuse me? Okay. Which is certainly more say than just plain old poppy. At any rate. Oh, you know, we talked about that last week. You had just nuts, right? Did you? No. Now, how we didn't. You know even what it is, do you? I don't know. You know what Carl McCorn is? Yeah. Poppy. What much in crunch and lunch all that crap? It's like that. Only it's like nuts with a... That should we crap on? Like toffee and that stuff. It'll kill you. This is the greatest story that you just facts me. This is the best story in history. For anyone who didn't get enough of hurricane Francis as it blew through Florida and it blew all right. Remains of the storm are for sale. More than 170 items were listed on eBay's internet auction site yesterday. They after the category two eyes store came ashore. They started bid for Tupperware filled with wind was a penny. Tupperware filled with wind. Now we can't play those sounds anymore, dammit. No. When that feed rate, Tupperware filled with wind for a penny. I wonder if it tastes like a penny. Photos show a priority residence running around with a container's catching the wind. Surprisingly someone already been ten dollars on one of the four containers. Oh my God. I don't want to say there's stupid people out there but you know what? Yes what? There's stupid people out there by the Zillions including the morons that were lined up 80,000 deep at the state road 84 lumber. Not that I'd be grudge them. I hope you know the probably nice people are one in place maybe not. I don't know. You can't even see if it's actually wind in there. Or do you open it up? It does a little number at you. The wind gets released right in your face. Like that. That's wind. Somebody had been six dollars and ninety nine cents for beach sand that a Browd County surfer had collected. Three Francis survivors had been fifteen cents each tablewoman prey for them. One cent vials of rain that Fellon Orlando was the storm passed overhead no bids. Well who'd have once their craft right? Needed it at women's offer to sell the T-shirt she wore during the storm. No did they request by a longward resident for someone to help get a large oak tree off the cellar's home and car. Oh do you see the people I wanted a thousand? What was it when I was five thousand bucks? Five grand to remove that big five history of somebody's property. Do you see that? Yeah. Five grand. Wow. Not that there was any end then there was a one guy was 382. And it turned 83 bucks for one sheet of plywood. Not that we have anybody exploiting human misery and suffer you do understand that. Not that we would ever go on especially in Florida. Winning bitter will receive branches leaves, sticks, thumbs, whatever you would like. What a conversation piece you can own a part of. Meteorological misspelled history it says. Carol Varudi industry in the south of the internet for dummy said I think that these are all tongue and cheek. I don't think anyone is serious about these things. I think it's trying to find a sense of humor which is a good thing. eBay has cancel options at coincide with tragedy such as Adam's build is debris from Spacial Columbia or piece of the world trade center in Pentagon. eBay officials did not return a phone call so you can come at about the price of options. This is in the scum sent will so it must be right. I take back what I said about roll instead of doing such a good job. After reading Mitchell's facts here. It says here's a roll instead of story. Sometime on Saturday was doing the hundreds of conference with the nerd guy from the hurricane I wonder if that was that rap report or max headroom may field. What's the girl's name he had from Channel 60 young lady Robinson. This is Robinson. Treen of Robin Treen. Do you know who she have you see her? I haven't. Oh, she's excellent. I mean she's like a real web person. She really knows what she's talking about. She's articulate. She's not hysterical. She doesn't get everybody whipped up into a frenzy. She doesn't stumble in bubble like the bitch there on Channel 4. Anyway, the nerd hurricane center guy was talking about the landfall in West Palm Beach and the cross Francis might make over Lake Okeechobee. And by the way, I hate to break the news. If not Okeechobee even our Fred Don though was in Okeechobee. She's I didn't realize he had kind of a speech quaggle. You know that don't know. He said close. He went he for it when he says it were with an elephant. But then I'm there wanting to pick does a fine job. You're okay, Don. But it's not Okeechobee. Just like Governor Bobby. It's a Senator Bob. It's not Hurricane. Anyway. It says well hysterical, spread and breaks into say how terrible this thing would be in this could be reminiscent of the hurricane that crossed over Lake Okeechobee and killed 18 thousand people. The nerd hurricane center guy looked puzzle, try to remember some time on one on. Finally he asked what year this was because I don't and spread and breaks in with 18-50 when the levees gave way. The hurricane guy said nothing but it look a disgusting contempt on this face instead of what I'm talking about the potential of the storm running into Texas itself, considering with the size of Texas. After that I will never listen to this dead and brain type of weather news again. See I never saw him do that. I thought he was very calm cool and collected. Especially when he put those spectacles on. He was hovering the teleprompter on that. I don't know that. I didn't think he was making a big spectacle out of himself. Like Miss Kamal. I mean she just really. She needs to be put away in a straight jacket so we're until her conseason ends. I mean that child is just, you know, I think before any time they put her on here it needs to be a breathalizer because that one has got real serious problems. And then they kept showing those hysterical pictures. They kept going out behind Channel 7 there. Next to where I would be used to be there on the, uh, causeway. And it kept showing how the, oh and look at this wind and the rain and all they wanted to do is terrify people. But that's all they wanted to do is just put the fear of, uh, of Channel 7 again. Here's a fact that says how many more times are we going to see that Puts mayer Alex Satini, when did he become a weatherman getting everybody worked up at a were friends. He just says thank God for you, you're the voice of reason and you're absolutely correct. Thank you. Also, Sergio and Harley, it's 998 killed in Iraq, 8th of break the news. These are 996. We're having trouble keeping track because there's so many so, and such a short period of time. And the public is going, move on like that and carry says, well I would have voted for that resolution. Anyway, even if I knew it was based on lies, here we had an opening. You could have driven a bunch of fleet of Mac trucks through it, okay? Instead of using the opening to go on the offensive and say, we were letting the war and all these people are dying based on a bunch of lies. Oh no, I would have still voted for the resolution. That's what the Democrats are going into like a total panic. That's when Vubba had to spend 90 minutes on the phone Friday night before getting operated on. Trying to straighten carries ass out. Look for the QA in vain right now at the mobile station in the corner of northeast corner. We're on the corner in northeast 1091 street in this game Boulevard. Stop by to pick up a turn to get to the night's Marlon's Metz game. And say hi to our good person. I probably want to gas up to it the mobile, right? If you want. If they have gas. Will we promote a gas station that doesn't have gas? No, we're just picking a corner. I see. North East 1091 is from this game Boulevard. We'll have some right now till then. Till they're gone. Until they're done. Until they're done. For tickets for Knights Marlon's Metz game. Here's a fact from Sergio who says, my most memorable moment from this past weekend was when a Bimbledon from Channel 7 was captivating and urging people to stay indoors and aminitly to was talking about all the records west of the US water open. Well, I think what you meant was don't go outside unless you go to records. Also, how about all the times they showed the two banyan trees down in the Gables, Oh, yeah. And the Ficus tree down at 1440 Oberlin's Riven for Lodderdale. Yeah, they kept going the same. Oh, look at that. There's a boat and it's rocking around in the waves there in the water. How many, how many thousand times? About 30 men. We get treated to those spectacles. The same stuff over and over. You know, just give us some useful information. Just put some calm, reasonable, rational people on there. Give us some useful information and stop putting on this historical dog and pony. Look at this. Just don't know if the root house has seen the worst of this thing yet. The first thing we noticed from the guy here was this, this big section of the root. He's best around CNN. Go out back, his blow-off and land is here in the neighbor's house. The good news is that the tarps still seem to be holding on top of the house. Three million FBNL Florida customers still without power. Well, not just FBNL, I guess, because in a whisk of course they got something else. Some craft. Now, I'm not really sure, and I'm not going to even try it. We got enough, enough problems already, because every day I noticed during the week that I was there. Every day is another crisis, a QA, every day it's like that. Always. So I'm going to like err on a side of real whistling out, is what I'm here on. You know what I mean? Let it out, leave it out. And that includes you to Eric and Bokebryne. Two fine, wonderful human beings who just can't control themselves if you catch my drift. Just calm down, relax and to wind it out, cut the crap out. 560560, pound 560, only Verizon Wireless and Singular Wireless Line. WQA, and hello. Hello. Miss Kymal is the Cosmo Creamer of the Weather. WQA, and hello. Speaking. Hey, did you hear that Jack Johnson replacement that said the put their storm shutters in the basement? That was her senses. Guaranteed. WQA, and hello. QA, and not there. WQA, and hello. Well, he was almost good today, you know. That was an improvement. WQA, and hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, don't go. Great. I know you're talking about the storm, but I read Michael Morris, do you? Where's my kind of tree? I haven't been watching this thing. I'm talking to people. And I just got here. I kind of like can't agree about it for the first time my life about the election. I'm physically getting angry that people are like supporting Bush. Yes, he was going on. I basically came to this conclusion. I mean, if you, if you are going to vote for Bush, I mean, you are either, you're roofly ignorant, you're ignorant, you're just, you're just one of the aggression. I mean, what else is there? Yeah. That's it, man. I should have been. It's called stupidity, man. You don't ever over-res debate the intelligence of public. How many minutes has we heard that? I've heard of me exactly. It's like you're saying he's just like blowing. I mean, where's Kerry? Where is he? We need Howard Dean, man, before it's too late. We need Dean in the big screaming machine. I'm telling you right now. Wait, was this an assumption I came to remember the name of show. We were talking about, you know, the Macavillion way of, like, you do attack your enemies, like strongest point, like a sort of doing character attacks. That how can I ask what you call a warrior or a coward? How can anybody get mired down in the beta about Vietnam 30 years later? Would nobody give the flying crab Bobby a nomening? You're not angry. You know, we got 990 and get Americans over there now. You got people's kids. I know we'd get a thousand to scrape me on these over here. They're just a big, big, big, big, big, big. I'm a web in New York. I mean, I think it was great. Well, what on New York? So they could be crap if they gave them in New York. And I was an Alabama working. And he is what shocked me. You know, Alabama, the Bible Belt. And did the subject of politics came up with one of my customers. And probably shouldn't have just done the, man, I'm still coming out of a clinton. I mean, that's just a matter of him. I want to see him watch the TV when he comes on. And you try to have a rational kind of thing. You probably plan that a surgery failed. Okay. Got a run, pal. I'll see you later. Five to four. 15, seven at five, 60 WKM. When you're moving or renovating, that's the smart time to dial 1,800 mattress. Because then you can make that first night, you dream house Heavenly with a brand new top quality name brand mattress from Dalamacros. You'll pick the date and time for delivery to fit your movie in schedule. And Dalamacros is on time 99.7% of the time. Nobody's got a better selection of Queen of King size mattress. That's ready for immediate delivery that our good friends of Dalamacros. When you call 1,800 mattress right now, you get a great mattress at a discount price. Now, the mattress right number one at customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004 better business. We were local charts of excellence award. When you call that tool free number 1,800 mattress, you'll pick from the complete line of the top names in the universe. They got them all. See me. Sure to King Quill. Simmons temper peatic even. Steerons and foster hewitt. Everybody with a brain is called at number you ought to be doing the same too. 1,800 mattress. If you're moving sending me how was doing off for just one of great nights late for years to come, log out of their website, mattress.com or just make that easy call 1,800 mattress. 1,800, MATT, RES. You're the same as me. You're the same as me. Rogers, ex-glucidly, on 565, you and I. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-to-one hour on Q8. I'm the key William said goodbye. Two foot all over the gate. I can't do this. I want to show two lanes. And switch your practice with my breezy nose. Once you've met a surface cliff, now I'm pulling up my mind. For the cheese food. That's my hope to have very pleased. There's one more thing for you guys. Oh, no, with parents' hands. Sometimes I bust up like a dude. There's a way to see if my trailer. And then I find you no longer need. And down the day, my mind's special failure. And no closer, full of the sports players. And I want to stay concerned. Down the building, John. It's your close eye, Mark and my night. All the half of the shoes. That's your life's horrible radio. I don't want to say that Miss Drog is losing it. I think a lot of the equines are really just, I don't know. Maybe it's because of the big blow from Francis this weekend. First of all, Miss Norcross and then Miss Kamal Tolley lost it. And I'm Miss Drog. I look on a website because I like to check these things during the break. See if there's anything of where Miss N. I'm going to go. Then I'm going to go. I think what you really mean, Miss Drog is toting a gun. Not toting a gun. You jackass. You might have come. You're simple than you. You idiot. Tell me. Let's see how many seconds it takes before that changes on the drug. A drug report. Bad news. How many of these stories? I'm sure that some of the silly sports nerds are there. I can't happen when I see more deserving guy to Bobby Bobbi. What? What? Did I detect a chuckle from you there? No, I never went. What? What is he laughing about? I don't know. He just says, I've weird look on the space. He's turning red right now. A grandson and former son-in-law of FSU football coach Bobby Bobbi bought and worked here when their car was hit by utility truck. That was something we stir power out of just caused by hurricane Francis and Josh is laughing about it because he don't like FSU. And he can't stop laughing. That's the hard part of it. What is it about? I mean, is this a little bit more important than football and rivalries? And the fact we hate Bobby Bobbi and Terry about like poison is a little more important than that. The two innocent people lost their lives. That's right. So tragedy man. Yeah. You better get with it. John Allen Madden, a 45 year old former FSU lineman who played underboughten and his 15 year old son, Bowden Madden. Worked instantly Sunday when the passenger side of their car hit the front of the truck. FHP Lieutenant Robert Mills said yesterday. Bowden Madden. Mills said the Bowden family had been informed of the events. Most of us have been around the Bowden family great deal. It's a law shared by all of us FSU athletic director Dave Hartson's statement. Words can't express the grieving. I know the Bodden are going through the driver's of the truck. Danny Hedley was not injured. Not Danny Hedley of the Atlanta trashers who said his other vehicular problems. Danny Hedley. Moments before the collision on rain slick interstate 10. The Madden's car bumped of fan is the two are traveling side by each. Causing both vehicles to cross over the highway. Mead in the fan end up in the woods. Boy. How do you like that? What kind of an image is that? Anyway, Bowden Madden. Yeah, I was laughing. No, why didn't you get to that? Yeah, you were already laughing. Yeah, but I already knew that. Oh, I see. Well, in that case. Texas politicians as he helped push into the National Guard to score Browney points. A senior Texas politicians, school close friends, that he recommended George W. was a pilot slot in the Texas National Guard during the Vietnam War. Because he was eager to collect chips from an influential political family that spells THITs. He was eager to collect chips. The reported comments by former Texas lieutenant governor Ben Barnes had in fuel to a long running controversy over how Bush got a slot in off it known as the Champagne unit. Because it included so many sons of prominent Texans. Friends said Barnes had recorded an interview for the CBS program 60 minutes that will address the question of what a Bush pulls from the city. The Bush pulls strings to evade being sent to Vietnam. But one hell of they got to put that on instead of sending us that crap about Porto again, that old washed out stuff about pornography. And I would say, Jim, I want to become a housewife and get out of the business. Do you see that last night? I didn't. Oh, you're lucky. It's just a rehash of an old story. And then of course, they had to embellish a little bit about this juvenile. Okay. Like those povers there on 60 minutes. Like they're not sitting in there watching Porto 15 18 hours a day. Barnes, a long time Democrat who works as a lobbyist in political consultant Austin, has said that he's very ashamed of helping a lot of people who had family names and importance given to the national guard. He made this statement during a meeting, which I'm curious to port as an Austin on May 27, a video which is not circulating on the internet. How come we don't have that video on the internet on our website, huh? Instead of this other crap. Not a good question. See. Eric. Friends said Barnes will say, what thing about your joke? Okay. When he's sick, don't let him in there again. In fact, somebody would have called me, yes, they would have come in and done a real show if I knew. Because Ken, my limo guy, Ken Halford from National Limo, thanks again, Ken. You're the best. He told me that he didn't even hear George. It was, I'm using his expression really weird music the whole time. Weird. That's what we did. Sounds right. Well, why do we want to do that? We got to play stuff. That's not on the normal air waves because I hear that over and over again. Try to mix it up a little bit. We didn't play the righteous brothers and build me a butter club on the foundations. I'm taking Ricky Tiffy Shazard and made a good stuff about that. He's probably the spin on that cap right now. And by the way, Rick, say home on election day, please. Friends said Barnes will expand on these remarks and he said, oh, and yes, well, it was on 40 was on during the hurricane. Which channel was that? Was that channel six? I guess it must be one of the 85 partners, a while 100. And they had Flutey and who's the guy that does that show with him on my 100. And he walked. He was funny and Kenny were on the phone. But I was really embarrassed. That was humiliating and degrading. But you know, that had a lot of time to feel. And I will say this. There were a lot of guys on their work. Their asses off. They poured white for a lot of their day on air. He never looked at any different. He always had that same morose look on his face like because he misses and so bed and silly, Tony, cigaretteo and Bob Meer and our good friend Kelly Craig. You got to stop me talking about Kelly being fat. Because she can't help it. She got pregnant. She had a baby and then she just stayed fat. She can't help it. But she's a little bit more. Huh? You were alone already then. Well, we love her even though she is fat. And her face is fat. But don't let me say that. Shut up. I'm going to start dumping. I mean, Bob Meer, he's puffed up and fat in the face because he's no far. But he's a good guy and did a good job. And I was going to Bobby. I still say it would have been really nice. And a nice thing if they would have just brought Bob Meer and they just wanted to be reener just wanted to. But they don't want to do that. They want a bunch of other weather bimbos on there. Like the guy in CNN at the skinny guy in CNN doesn't know his answer. Miguel Zelbo, he doesn't know anything. Here's Rick, all chronic Rick, who just I knew that we could be getting a facts from Rick, who says the best part of the storm coverage was when Tony said, Redo and Jackie Nesprall did their reminiscing about Hurricane Andrew. Tony says, I can remember a guy came all the way to Kendall served soup to people. Now that's what neighbors are all about. Speaking of too stupid to be present having Osama yamaman is back pocket, I hope he brings him out September 14 when Kitty Kelly's new book comes out about the scrub family. Other than that, here comes Ivan's Rick. Well, guess what, Rick? I don't think Ivan's coming, but I don't think we can say that on the ear anymore. Can we? No. Especially now that we're really wimping out. We're not saying anything anymore. Okay, hello and good bye. For example, for example, I already know the answer to this and I think I'll probably only play it once. We can say this because we can say the single words. There are words that we can't combine because actually discuss this with the two powers that be there, the two intermediate powers that be last there at the afternoon. We can say the individual word. It's rare again. Doosh when you're done. See Bob from FB and now, wouldn't you say that? Right? Right? You say so. Well, let me ask for one thing. Are you sure? Because you let it on the ear, you guys, not me. We can make a bag song going that word. You know, we haven't even been on two hours today. Steering up at 10, 20. We've been on like less than two hours already. I can just feel my life flashing me for my eyes and all that's all about. Maybe it's just from the hurricane, you know? I'll tell you one thing, Bob, a Graham man. Here's the guy. He really lived it all too bad. The hurricane took up all the coverage all weekend for less several days. But see, really ripped him and asked about how Tommy Franks even had said that there was a wasting their time in fading Iraq and that they had other figure fish to fry in Yemen, Yemen, and Saudi Arabia, things like that. But all know, because it also Bob, a Graham pointed out that they were diverting troops in money from the war in Afghanistan against the Taliban a year before the actual invasion of Iraq. It was already a done deal, baby. But don't confuse the American public with that and don't confuse the democratic party with the idea that this business of being cast for a milk toast and plain really nice and we don't want to play a hardball. Well, guess what? You got eight weeks from today to do it. Grow up, Paraman. I think that's all we're going to do the next day, weeks between now and the election day, we're just going to play. We're going to celebrate, okay? Man, it just fries my hand. We're going to South Carolina. Right. Yeah, it's so damn it. I'm going to go to New Mexico. We're going to California and Texas in New York. We're going to South Dakota in Oregon. Oh, Michigan. And then we're going to watch it in these theaters. Take back the white house. Fuck. You are seeing a new Roger's ex-close. You're turning away so we can now. Looks like the place that we're going to have. Now, Trump's body will fall. Go for it, boy. Shack money, down. And I'm going to summarize my mouth. And I'm going to make a line. You're going to make a full-framinal cloud. But for a full-shaddle party, they'll be mine. And you'll get me home and craft me. And you'll ride to a price that's that thing. Take a trout ship. And take time, break to an A-boy. And I'll say, hey, what's up, boy? What's my key, Harry, and I'm only falling between a sign and hand? On a mountain, baby. Rickham. He's a frog. And if he's always a frog, he's a frog. He's with a little machine, soft. Robert Bush and Bobby Bell recognized you. He gave a short point and yet Bush, my dad and him. Robert Bush, he'll be rich and fat. And spell, says, my dog's had a star. Robert, he's a five-sixy, W.K.M. Mad Dog, two. And we got them all. How are they? They're good. They're good facts. And I'm so glad that somebody positive out there might be listening. Yeah. While I agreed, I agreed that news coverage was evolving. I think we should consider ourselves very, very lucky on the poll that they would vote. Fortune. Fortune's got so many letters in for a lot of people. Just lucky, I think, is good. In fact, a lot of people asked me, well, how did you do with your house and him? I said, very lucky. Only lost a power for two hours. Very lucky. Right? Absolutely correct. So that honor, yes? Good. So I'm there right now. Lucky. A lot of us were very lucky. And we were teaching in volleyball. It could have been a lot worse. And, like I said, is anybody in their right mind out there think that we really, in self-port, are prepared for, like, the big one? I mean, yeah, Hurricane Andrew was a nightmare and yet, take a look at you graphically, where the eye of that thing hit? I remember that a couple of days, and of course, Andrew, even though it was a category five, that thing blew right on through fast overnight, just a few hours. I remember seeing up all night that night, I never lost my power once. I left it for a week. But boy, that thing is just never let up for a second. It was blowing and blowing and the rain was coming. It was just not good. But again, the heart of it was down there, you know, homestead and coverage, South Aid. And if that thing would have been just a few miles north, not a whole bunch, just to, and of course, then the people like North Cross and Miss Kamal will be saying, well, you see, that's why we tried to keep you on your guard because the testing would have wobbled just a little bit south, but you know, it didn't. It didn't. So all the hysteria that you were whipping up and all the, and this business about going to West and then going to South isn't it something that the people at the hurricane said the hurricane said or excuse me, Senator Bomb, that they told us almost exactly where the I was going to hit. Did that something? Oh, it was something. They said somewhere between, I mean, it was saying fourth pierced to where, uh, be between there and Melbourne and where did it hit? Stuart. That's where the landfall was in Stuart. What did I say on Thursday? And again, I don't know anything. I'm no meteorologist, but I've been to these things many times. And again, sure all kinds of things can happen because, basically, because it was moving so slowly, but you don't have to be a rocket scientist to see that barring some sharp turn or some other thing that that's pretty much where it was going to hit. And guess what? Oh, no, it's coming back. It's going south. And Miss Kamalman, she spent the whole weekend try to just push that thing south and the hurricane too. She was pushing it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, 5, 60, only Verizon, wireless and singular wireless line. W to QAM, hello. Not there. QAM, hello. QAM? No. Yes, sir. Hey. I, I wish we can write a show called, when it comes south, you're going to vote for Bush. And my brother told me about it. And so I called him up and I talked to him for half hour and I actually pretty much changed his mind. I'd say 95% sure. Excellent. And the thing that I noticed, and I'm thinking this is probably extremely common among these people. But probably Republican card carriers and they probably don't know any better because this guy didn't know any of the issues. And actually the ones that I brought up in Newshum and still just didn't think about it. But you know something is pretty interesting. They did. They did. And the 2000 election, the issues were more important. But don't know how to answer it. And this is probably probably the weekend. And now issues are much less important. It's leadership that the public claims. That's why they want to vote for Bush because it is great leadership that has all of these Americans dying. I don't know. Everyone, who in our book, no, that I've been being a leader. The same as you or I being a leader. But I just think that there are a lot of people who plan on voting for Bush because they've possibly watched these commercials that the Republicans have run. And I hate to say that they're working on all sorts of people because the guy who I convinced, I consider him an intelligent guy. And then there's so different interests that people are so apathetic that these commercials will work up and so that the debate. And if the public, I think, brings it all. If the media was doing their job, carry it even with his weekend paying carry will be 15, 20 points ahead right now. Yeah. And if we're thinking individual who actually puts any thought or any research into this would probably go with carry in this guy. I thought, man, you are more lined up with carry on almost every issue than almost anybody I would have written most of the time. So eventually, at that end of the conversation, he's like, yeah, I'm going to have to try to give carry a chance after things you told me. So I think we just have to start talking to people because there are a lot of idiots out there who just don't care. And I'll be sure. I'm going to hand in their online election day. Make sure he doesn't laugh. You don't want to say. No, no, no. I don't put it well. Okay, pal. Thanks, brother. Good job. See, there's one. One of the time, just like Josh Curtis right there, he got his card finally from that strange guy that was out on the street corner. Yeah, I didn't think the weirdo was going to come through. But I finally got the card and the male he got his voter registration card. He's he's ready to rock and roll. Maybe he's going to be out there voting several times. Not third man on election day. Got my absentee thing. All set. I can do it online. You can even do all kinds of things if you want to make a difference. But the problem is most people talk, talk is cheap. It just sit back on your Fed ass. Like Al Sunshine. You know, wave their arms around. Hey, we'll see if the, whatever that place is, is it the, what is it? The Floridian. Ah. That was, that was so bizarre. It was so obvious. I mean, just like looking through a paint and glass, you're real painting the ass and a paint and glass, the well sunshine at the Floridian sucking up, trying to make a men's for you did five years ago. Two and those poor people out. All they were trying to do was feed the public, okay? We're hungry. We're starving over here. Maybe a little bit too freaking hungry last few days. Documents that should have been written with sprained gaps in president pushes Texas Air National Guard Service are missing from the military records released about his service in 1972 and 1973, according to regulations and outside experts. You've got two draft Dodgers in there running the country, two freaking draft Dodgers. You've got a bunch of chicken offs out there sending your kids off to be slaughtered in the war that never should have been fought in the first place against a Phantom terrorist. For example, Air National Guard regulations at the time required commanders to write an investigative report for the Air Force when Bush misges annual medical exam in 1972. The regulations also required commanders to confirm and writing that Bush received counseling after missing five months of drills. No such records have been made public and the government told the Associated Press Response to a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit that it's released all records that can find. We just can't find it with both hands. Outside experts who just that National Guard commanders may not have produced documentation required by their own regulations, one of the downfalls back then that National Guard was that none of it will want to be chief of staff of the Air Force. They just wanted to fly our maintain airplanes. So the record keeping could have been better said retired major general Paul Weaver Jr. Former head of the Air National Guard who said that documents may not have been kept the first place. Do we believe that? No. No. It just happened to be missing because it's convenient. Just like Larry Flett was convenient for them not to find that brother that Bush knocked up. So he could write about it and that book he was going to write. Don't forget to look for the QM fan right now as it's still there to we know. Yep. Now who's out there in him? Uh, roll me and Frank. How big you pardon? The roll motion of the department. Rolling and pulley are out there in the MOL and the QM fan. It's at the Mobile Station Court of 101st Street in Viscay and Boulevard. Stop by because free you don't even have to spin the wheel. If you stop by, you know, get a free pair of tickets for nice Marlon's Metz game. I can't believe it's still out there. What is wrong with you people man? Free. Free. Say it again. Our structure meal riders and mornings and we did perform our exercise. Yep you heard? That you're doing it. Day march on this scene that we're like in the cold. It's ready to sacrifice a 105?? We'll be here by the door To shame, shame is the war We get, now they have only one thing To the Lord, no part of God should die We got, now they have only one thing to say To God, we won't let them say We got, now they have only one thing to say We should not live in this with they got you to be We can't even go through the whole country You're doing what they say Like a call, like a call We'll fool, as they live in this A scary state, so we'll fall We'll fool, we'll fool We'll fool, we'll fool, we'll fool We got, don't you say We'll fool, we'll fool We'll fool, we'll fool You're a man We got, now Prop 30 to a 5-6, you've got what you do I am mad dog at you, I think No schedules yet, right? So we know, man I guarantee you there'll be one on Friday If he comes in, I'm going to be really disappointed My boy, if he comes in on Friday for 45 minutes I think I'll wear like him There's no way, no chance I mean 2 to 2 45 I mean we might even fill like 45 minutes No, just a joke Because we, Friday we got the Marlins on Decatur 2 45 And the Marlins at the Cubs 3 20 minute That's just a single game, right? I don't know I don't know yet I'm not going to, they had the 3 games all washed out Which of course is a gigantic series And the Cubs and the Marlins are like Nick and Nick Meows to those, a lot with a giant's in Houston And how about San Diego? They fall out of it? Yeah, they're stolen, they're stolen Yeah, see all of those teams are all of these things They're still involved in a wildcard So they're humongous games, which are even more so than a stupid world cup of hockey games You guys, you and HL guys that are playing in their world cup of hockey That's the rise very for you, okay, screw you You don't care about the fans who subsidize your salaries Two of them go over there, oh, play for your country What people are tired of that crap already, okay? Tired of hearing Foster, he was screaming about Paul Henderson And up at that garbage already, okay? That's why the NHL is in a sorry I shaped that it's in right now because it's a little Quizzling, Gary Vettman because of the greed The unbelievable greed of these goofballs But anyway, it's going around 300 and 78 votes on the pool Do you realize that there's still many people out there Don't have their power 2.5, I believe In Florida, I thought they just flashed out here on CNN There was 3 million people out there 3 million people without power And don't be taken on FBI, okay? It's easy to do and of course very often they deserve it But, you know, I mean, you want to be out there in 50, 60 my last 70 mile gust of wind And one of those, what do they call those things that they stick to? One of those cherry pickers Is that what they call? Yeah, those pickers cherry pickers Would you want to be up there? Trim and a tree and try to get to ours And all of a sudden, but I'm being here Comes to 70 mile an hour gust See, that's what tells me about these TV morons They don't have to be out there with all this melodromo I'm surprised that more people aren't just I guess the public likes it, maybe that's why they're doing it All look at that, here's the hurricane, the Francis again The reason from homes to boats to businesses Francis's fury was widely felt And see, the reason that you people live in trailers They call you trailer trash Is that we saw that over the weekend, right? Because after hurricane, that's all that's less The most trailers is trash What is wrong with those people? Although, I think they're at the asset And even now, the kids in the Browden Palm Beach Are the schoolery, into the Yeah, Browden Palm Beach Because a lot of people are without power In fact, maybe some of the schools don't have any power Who the hell knows? Thank the Lord that public finally we open yesterday, man, all man And all those big supermarkets have generators They've got to have They're not going to let all that food rot I'll let the, well how would you like to go in there And like in the seafood to invite that fish now Oh, yeah, but it smells real good Back in the fish department Back in the animal, I say something about that But I won't screw in Which of these best describes your hurricane Francis experience 3084 aggravating 98 Boring 74 Ponderor 69 Stir crazy is moving up fast 39 You know, just you're locked inside your house bound And you want to do something Just give me out of here already. Open up some place Now, you got to stay home No big deal 37 Costsly 26 On Nightmare 16 Lucky 112, we just put that on here lucky Fortunately, see, let's look on the bright side Could have been a lot worse Two inducing seven at a total disaster Seven we apologize to those people we go back for Then don't we? Yes, we do For people to obviously had a lot of damage Line 9 is ringing WQA and hello Oh, Neil? Yes, sir I'm called you in a long time, but I'm up here in Orlando And you were just talking about the power out of three million people about power Right? It's like Daytona pollution They got hammered real hard I mean they might be without for two weeks Damn But I heard firsthand how much of a women A bride or a cross-siff Yeah, I was watching streaming video from Shadow 4 No, it's called screaming video in Brands on Yeah, and he was the only one out of CNN And all the water channel The only person that ever said the Direction was Doubt or West South West And I'm like, oh man it's turning So I called a radio station and they go, what model you looking at? Like, well I was watching Shadow 4 My amyels, but I know it's not in a mode Thank you But we didn't have no damage here in Orlando Or mine neighborhood goes But I high tailed with the Jacksonals And it's like get up there, they get tornado warnings Yeah, so It was one of those deals where I mean You could like a lot of people on Saturday for example They got in the car's they went into the keys And then like late Saturday and then all Sunday and the good party Yesterday the keys got hammered with those bands You know, yeah, can't have a got a pretty bad two I heard Yeah, but I'm only deserved it Always well here And I love you show man Thanks a lot, palie, hey, stay safe Thank you You can go online, I really like not if you don't have power unless you've got a laptop you can't go online But if you've actually power you can go online and you can track these things You go to the Noel website or this is Zidian You know, just type in hurricane Francis or hurricane Ivan now And you track him on and you can see where they're going And you don't have to And you can read the advise reason there You don't have to get all whipped up into a frenzy By people like Miss Kamala I mean, seriously, she needs to be taken off the air Until hurricane season is over, okay I know that channel 7 is famous for hyperventilating And a lot of melodrama, but it's irresponsible And that one there, that child there man It's all she wanted to do was whip everybody up into a frenzy And as a go on west and like this last guy said Would Brian Norcross south west He was doing everything and he kept He kept drawing those lines, you know They had the tellstrator and he could draw on us And he kept bringing it back further and further to south Man, oh man I thought that thing was going to blow right up his spectrum for was over with you know God, get her off the air Give her a breathalizer like I said If you're too late for all of us How's Ivan doing? Are you watching now? Are you tracking it? Well, if you track it, you're a big trouble Why is that? Because they have it coming up here No, they don't, as a win Why the me watching channel 7? Now? Well, if you go on the Noah website, which I did just a half an hour ago There are two new 4K, no I take that back There are like a half a dozen, what do they call those? The 4K, whatever they call them Tracks and none of them show them In fact, there's only one that shows it going up on the west coast And they're through the Gulf And the rest of them all show it going south of Cuba Or across the southern part of Cuba and into the Gulf There is in any of those six models that I saw Then has it cool into the, but I don't want to give you a 2 far away Well, the 1 on channel 7 has it coming under Cuba going up Through Cuba and eating Florida whole And right in North Bay, village, there you go So if you want to believe Miss Kamala and the hysteria The hysterical folks in channel 7 They just they make me so they should be taken off the air Maybe the next hurricane it comes along a builder tower down Twenty-two one at five, 60 WQM over the years I've talked a lot about Chuck Alphay, Irina's patented hair systems Charles Alphay Irina is the best in the universe And for over 35 years it's been providing amazing natural look and hair systems That are virtually 100% on detectable And now Charlie's introducing the latest development in hair restoration It's called the new laser light therapy treatment It's used for treating fine and thinning hair This new treatment is FDA certified Restores your hair and scalp act to its healthiest state While increasing hair shaft density and volume The new laser light therapy and it's cool light laser devices Effective on both men and women is a painless Non-invasive treatment that's completed just about a half an hour In other words, not food in men Minutes Charlie and his staff of women is dramatically results with this new system That impedes hair fall out for those of you guys with fine and thinning hair So stop taking at some miracle of magic wand is going to come from heaven And now you're thinning hair is going to stop falling into the sink The shower on the floor Give Charlie a call and find out more about this exciting new laser light therapy treatment And how can solve your thinning hair problems forever Both men and women that can really change your life Call full free 1-800-3212413 That's 1-800-3212413 Run at wickedweb Charlesoffeary.com You want to see me? You're right Exclusively On my 677 Amen Hey Lisa, wasn't that you seeing it that party last night? You were crook Thanks Mike But I did have a little help Help What kind of help? That's why On my wife Are you ready to party? That's the way On my wife You need the carrying O.K. Missile me And we are family That's right Not gonna lie It's democratic supporters And we are all your favorite hives by the floor They're a bunch of authority always wins Except in the hamster where I just very well As only John Kerry gets seen them Because I've got friends in all places If I just talk to Bill Clinton The other day Sing along I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man Kerry O.K. I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm not going to be involved I repeat Oh Do you not want to be involved in a murder? I did a murder but the forecast track for the next five days shows it starting to move continuing a west above like whatever that is what is it well it's above and is where it went into the east of Columbia and then just starting to the north west slightly and go in south of Cuba all the way to the western tip now what's on the western tip of Cuba go ahead now what kind of was that on the western tip is not on the eastern tip you don't know your tips mr. or tada right now i don't want to stay for that yeah i got a tip for you i don't have that as it towards that way yeah no i have not towards that way yeah this is this is got to be the most embarrassing bad map right here this is got to be the most embarrassing moment in your life you know here is mr. i'm not sure mr. profanal you're from Chicago but it's all you care about is Cuba by Cuba if it's all we talk about is Miguel and Cuba and you don't know he would know where to find it with both hands okay Jesus got almighty that is embarrassing i thought of all people i could ask an ad you would need a one guy to get a one he from Cuba pay it on all crap about it okay isn't care about Cuba he's got more important than the important to fish to fry i'm trying to get us all fired anyway so it shows it going to the very western tip of Cuba now give me was on the east isn't it give me one of these tip i mean i could be wrong i don't know i've always assumed that i'm sure of it and the western tip is that we're alienito was from in his family you know what was the name of that town where they were from i don't know where he's from oh Jesus man this is what's animal three that's what i just got to sing what's animal is with the eastern s and the island that's what i just got to tell you i know that any i get five year old knows that i don't know what it's towards the west i don't hear just forget about the phony Cuban man or zots i think he's probably been a thwalen myself anyway so you get to the brun and then it goes uh... i mean unless i'll understand it makes a uterine which i'm sure mischamala norcros can both figure out how to do that they probably have experienced making those fancy spins you know those airplane spins but unless it doesn't have like that it's not even going to affect the west coast of florida because it starts showing it going up into the golf and toward i hate to say this but like lusiana alabama mischastidbe with abandio on its knee which is called smash again so we get smashed twice we get charlie and then we get frances aside by each fact the back asked asked and now we got this crack coming along and looks like maybe the alabaman jogim i get it if it takes it out but at the moment it's like well self-acubits going to go court again according to their five day track so before all you people start running out again again all whipped up into a frenzy and buy more pli wood and ripping plywood off other people's homes and doing all kinds of uh... in bacillac things again talking about the air out of a uh... plexiglass uh... thing out of a upperware now you got some air to study in some upperware you might say that those people on eBay put the air in upperware but i said it so there is a district of a that thing and uh... that's it so i would say calm pool collected not historical like a Mexican jumping being please w qa and hello uh... i was a big deal speaking need a uh... i mean he had a long time with the first time car uh... and uh... i don't want to know if there's a website called whether under the and dot com right so it's a great inspiration on it uh... and and a couple of tracks and it depends upon really how slow it moves in the next three to five days and when it turns it might not even be here in five days or it could be way off into the golf so it hard to really say but it's time i want to know that okay thanks a lot pal and everything stay in dry yeah it's just i mean it's only a pure guesswork of this part right which is what it's all about the first place but people would like to have an idea we're going to slam again and of course these people the grave robbers that they are you know this over the weekend they had that line oh and here's i've especially missed come off here's i've been out there and we better start work because this is a gigantic storm and it's getting this is the first hurricane that's ever developed south of the equator you were that no ever now Brazil god hit was it last year basil god hit by uh... hurricane for the first time ever i think so i'm asking you questions in between the two of you you would know your name okay if i held a gun here hit but uh... and this got to tell you something about global warming man anybody who says that there aren't some massive grotesque changes going on in our climate is full of you know what something we smith five six seven oh five six the pound five six the only barisimarless and singular wireless lines w2a and hello you know what's up how you doing pali okay um... okay here's my theory okay collar couple hours ago kneeled on the head these hysterical nellies that run out there uh... reporters get themselves in the middle of the weather there's there's there's no doubt about this is this is their shot at fame this is their shot at network uh... i don't even think of it to the new director's i meant to push him out there this is this is their this is their moment for them hoping that they uh... get uh... hit by a piece of debris or something in the i'm a bit of a lightning we didn't have any thunder and lightning by me but wouldn't have been great uh... well that's what happened to uh... this uh... what's in the duty of chave as it gets over in march harbour you got hit by a piece of plaster and they got her and then emergency room at each other the gurney in their and their and their shown area you know i think i got a cracked river uh... or something about fourteen thousand times or maybe was about thirty thirty thousand yeah probably more like a room in the bed so kittown more spectacular a crack and there's something like that so so you know next week duty kebabs of being here telling her diary and channel ten so congratulations duty for at their listening congratulations on you knew faming for to know that you were doing a career now congratulations as you were looking up okay state now i think i'm looking up a lot in the in the middle of the storm to get by storm i'll tell you what's going to happen the only the obvious question is what about what you do not there in the first place but uh... well i'm doing it the next story is what they're right no so they couldn't do it to the window from inside here's what's going to happen okay eventually okay one of these days something really bad is going to have one of these jury he's just going to get hurt that or killed okay and then what's going to happen you're going to see the morning and then you're going to see the lawsuits and then finally you're probably to landscape of this thing change of where these they're throwing these reporters out there you know and i say throwing actually they they you know the monofon god and their own trying to you know get the story that vance of careers and eventually you'll uh... you'll see change in the landscape well i don't know if they're rather went out there and uh... you know god pneumonia again like he used to do but there's another guy because we never got to see bia's news because they were preempting for the local coverage all the time all we can long but uh... that was another stupid thing that he used to and broke all so they were famous for doing it every time there was like a major hurricane or some gigantic storm they always had to be out there and in like you know and here's a couple old cochers like that who are like a practically under death but and they got to go at their improved something by getting soaked like you said just just put a camera in the window we can do right i'm sure it's going on and how well you know throw a sock out the window with something that's a how bad it's blown have a great day pali don't know it's all i can tell you the only go don't know demand thank you and i thought role is that i was good to be done after we met facts about that story about the eighteen thousand people said that probably not to reassuring their role in and he was good there were a lot of people did a good job we don't want to like rip the entire media do we there no they just do so too much hyper ventilation and far too much of these damn press conferences if i have to see fat ass governor bush on or again and if i have to see uh... mayor tini pini from the county and addition to which mayor tini pini i hate to break the news the a but you're only the mayor of date county nobody who lives north of the a date brown line gives a flying rat's ass about what you have to say okay nobody's gonna pay the attention at least at the broader dead winestein shorts lady whatever in amazon proud at least he's got a sense of humor talking about the donuts the uh... don't condone at even though she knows she was on here when you think in broad it had done crispy cream now she had it right bush apparently gets a modest bounce sources and you see it in pool last week d o p convention the ur city appears to give a person bush on modest bounce and a small lead among likely voters according to fully let out yesterday and those that it was on their hyperhead living about how carry better get with it or by by and meantime time in newsweek both came out over the weekend with poll showing bush eleven points ahead now again keep in mind that the all these polls all three of those the margin of differences among likely voters among registered voters it's as tight as a which is uh... back home here low even in the head c and n poll here shows bush forty nine carry forty eight among registered voters and at uh... larges later is still getting let's see what's he given this one does it even mention his name in this particular article here probably not i think he was getting five points on this one and what is that tell you does that tell you how many stubborn idiots there are out there that they would waste their vote on later when he's got no doubt what what is the plan what is it anything all is it prove anything though but you know like the two candidates well that's fine but one of them is going to be your next president and got for bit if it's bush again scot for bid man all i can tell you good for bid what was us i was speaking of fashion state has had thought no back on her and see a man pass how come he's not in jail and whatever happened at that valoury plain thing whoever outed her uh... that will see i business you know this how every with with putting every time it was like uh... you know the blue dress and a stain on the dress no matter what it was the media just went crazy they went a bit all over right but every time there's a scandal with the bush thing is like oh well uh... you know whether it's uh... abugar right the whether it's that whether it's the valoury plain thing no matter what it is it's just that because he's got control of the media man he's got to write by the look over the then exactly the president in such a way if they presented it all in its like uh... let's get out with more important business like theirs and of course that you're going to hand it to carol road man they scripted that thing and they presented the way they all the moderates out they're all the popular republicans really jolly and he and and George pataki and he had john McCain and they had all over the none of whom and anyway shape reform represent what bush and his not sees uh... all about and any and i'm close the reminion miles away and crotch all of these people had out there so they put on one hell of a dog and pony show two bad they couldn't ahead julee brimman on there maybe maybe the democrats are just like here you go will just give them to you and we'll make a trade will be the way they return just take them clock fifty six and five sixty wqm right now arms drawn for the home stand once the clear their lots and sell off all remaining oh fours here just some of the great deals in all four f one fifty pick up is just a dollar over in voice new all four explorers just a dollar over in voice rangers crowned vix torsis and focuses all waiting for you which is a dollar over in voice only at arms drawn for the home stand plus arms drawn for the offer is more valued with the customers when you buy a four from arms drawn for you get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program that's right tires and batteries for life the value you'll get it arms drawn for doesn't stop there right now you get a three-floor to sun pass with any vehicle you buy if you press for time arms drawn for those that your time is valuable so just pick up that instrument and give a call three-o five two four seven fifty one twelve and strap right over the phone they'll even deliver your new vehicle to you at your home at your office wherever you're hanging up arms drawn for the home stand is locally owned and operated they treat you just like family and i guarantee you won't get a better deal on a forward anywhere in town though baton switch no phone ideals just the best deals go in an arms drawn for the home and you'll find them at 307 25 south-thixie highway just 20 minutes south of the eighth thirty six check them on the way of arms drawn cars dot common and travel little and save a ton on that new fort only at arms drawn for the home stand it's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon strike over DR This day how Kayla has a chance And that thing got to speak my sense I'm worried And that's how I've been I'm worried not happy I'm worried not happy I'm worried I'm worried not happy I'm worried not happy I like the doors and close the dreams I'm what I'm wondering rules of the team I'm worried So my dad And that's how I've been If they change it from orange to red I'll go and hide and I'm dumb I'll bet I'm worried not happy I'm worried not happy I'm worried not happy I'm worried not happy I'm worried not happy I'm worried not happy It's one, two, a five, sixty, a w q a How's that q and vando? We give away our Marlon Metzicatier to what? They're all gone, told you So I'm glad that I asked because you wouldn't want to have any poor bans I thought you'd be surprised to see that They're driving over a bunch of Especially with a lot of traffic lights Don't think it's like that Drive it around is not maybe the biggest picnic in the world right now What is it? It's never a big picnic but I mean less than usual In other words it's a major pain in the ass For you sure facts between the cram crew Wow, here's what it says I hope I've been providing useful service By sending you any c materials soon to run I guess you have whoever this is because I know who it isn't Now have a bone to pick with an actual hurricane Center. Obviously the NAC forecast is only as good as the technology available Cousin range of air to be inherent in the projected path of any tropical storm dust the Cone that we're all familiar with That's fine. Give us the path that represents the NAC interpretation of varying computer models Representative at the forecast line on the NAC maps and surround that line with the Cone Representing the range of air. I wish it was this was the only map we ever saw on TV I wonder why TV can't just use this map, a credit D&HC And set a creating their own version. Well then they couldn't scare us to make us PR pants My issue was the new NAC five day forecast and again a few years ago An incident in the standard three day forecast The NAC conceases the range of air increases free chain of four O' this goes on and on I understand what you're saying but it's too long to read Go in the five day five day five day. What it goes on for about four or five days This thing yeah Okay, whatever you see Here's another fact that says no doubt Miss Norcross is the most annoying While annoying is one thing but the most Our unacceptable is a miscamal Miss Norcross wasn't even the same lead with Miss Kowall on this one Air the couple of minutes he's just hyper ventilating and right on don't send me this stuff from this media research center Right wing propaganda, please. Sorry Sorry So it's a don't smell It says no doubt says Jim and Pemberpinds Miss Norcross is the most annoying And one point of the weekend she began flinging your arms around like a little girl and I wish you would stick that computer pen up his back But the question is what's the most annoying on a roll cover is you're all pretty pathetic So Jim and Pemberpinds channel several was the most annoying to me. I can only speak for myself Extremely annoying and channel four was a post second They give it a good shot Jerry and beneath his springs another quantum facts is you are absolutely Where is it? Lucky is the word to sum up the Francis experience for most of us. I'm sure that some would differ having it Well, some would differ because maybe they weren't so lucky. Okay, they got their house blown away They're rooting off or they went a mobile home or whatever. They're not so lucky having experience Charlie Jerry says just three weeks before Francis. I consider myself lucky twice Would Charlie all that I lost was a key line tree. I thought was gonna say a key line pie. Oh, I do like key line pie and some book and video bushes The I missed me by 25 miles Charlie was a very concise storm if Francis would have missed me by 25 miles I would call that a direct hit I can't speak for all major supermarkets by used to be a public employee and talk to some people thereafter Charlie. Yes, they do have generators. They only power the lights computers and cash registers They don't have enough power for the coolers and freezers after Charlie publics lost between 300,000 and 30 grand for store and perishable goods in 46 stores They open up so they could provide non-perishable goods. I have no idea of how big of a ticket took with Francis Evidently when they open again yesterday the at least in Broward the shelves were pretty burrowed It says you are correct again the hardest thing is the waiting just sitting in the shelter about house waiting for the power to go out Would drive a steer crazy. Well, I didn't have any shutters. I didn't have any plywood Uh, I didn't even have to move the furniture up my patio. How do you like that? I still want crazy If Ivan goes to Mexico, I'll consider myself lucky for the third time to his jury Well, it looks like it's going to the golf and then again, we can't be sure But at this point I would say that the panic the the need to panic is moderate to low Okay, that way and I That huh not if you watch the news Boy are they getting people with up again about this? I'm sure on Ivan you graver lovers You bastards you hysteria stirrs you potsters One thing I'm not sure we like pot smokers a lot better than potsters and don't forget to get the seeds out of there Here's when it says I'm Thursday was putting shutters on my house getting ready for the big blow Unfortunately the Where's that one moment please the Whole contractor that's applied shutters for my house. They're not providing a vaults to the whole house So I sent my wife to ace hardware and pump it over to give whatever He went whatever screws she could so I could finish the job. Oh God We were lucky because we mentioned enough screws to get the rest of my shoulders up But while she was in line waiting for her screws getting checked out to calm us an hour and all the part Time for a very one that was waiting he held up a box of screws in a five dollar bill He said I don't have time to wait just take this five dollar for these screws The cashier politely explained she couldn't do that because he was cutting in front and in addition She had a scan the item he went nuts and started yelling I'm blind for Christ six This is a comforting thought since he drove his car to ace She explained again, so I'm sorry, but you have to wait in line like everyone else He then screamed at her to just forget it through the box of screws and the five dollar bill out Or stormed out to his car. Maybe it's got a braille steering wheel riding the whole way. I guess he showed her typical South Florida Schmidt In case you wonder we wanted to have the cashier's lean over and say the five bucks for them stuff. Alright Oh right go and tell me I do like that typical South Florida story All the nastyness all the hospitality you can ever want and then some Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only Verizon wireless and singular wireless line WQA and hello Hello, sir Hey, what's happening? What can we do for your pal? Yeah man, I want to talk to Neil man. You're speaking to him Neil what's going on dude? See that stuff Yeah, but how come you didn't pop with seeds then? You live in a needy for over What? I'm sorry who's this? George George Yeah Yeah, man Get a life man Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T And Verizon wireless line Well hey listen, I'm sure he had plenty of time to do that over to weekend, okay? Probably light up the newspaper Which of these best describes your Francis experience and we're not talking about our lean Francis either Agrovading hundreds others the out You still got quite a circulation showing up here cold front comes with people's Bubby still got pretty good circulation Accelerated off to the northeast a bit but for now we still have quite a bit of rain across Much of the deep south from Alabama through the Carolinas and northward even into the central Appalachians tornado watch also new one just issue from the storm predictions Center Storm prediction center Take a look at some of the rain totals we've seen these are cool springs I love them the half inches Florida look at coral springs almost 11 and a half inches there You want to be a nine point nine nine inches almost That is just a one and of course we all know what goes on weight on it so why do we ever don't we? WQAM hello You're on right now, it's you Hey, let's go to our buddy. Sorry. Hey, uh, just a that's hurricane to inform So many quiet enough for some stop at a 10 degree latitude line just to let you know about that To fix stop at equator rotate the opposite direction there So it's just gonna be a little thing on that But uh, but these leader colleges I don't think they're bad at the news reports because on Channel 4 They are correct. They must have covered Kate in the surfer provided a power tower Yeah, right and then the dumb blonde broaders on their begging people if you know where he's at This guy was just so fun. I'm not you're exactly. I wish you would have drowned and I mean took up all of that time from all of the the coast guard was out there and all these rescue crews Uh, what kind of crap is that? What kind of a lunatic is this? Who's better a camera than Bill? Yeah, yeah Two by the villain and Brian Warden there trying to get him out of there 560 pound five 60 in the Verizon and singular wireless line These people obviously have been having a really good time over the weekend like I said we should probably change them in the choices on the pool. It wasn't out of the ending Come to QAM hello Yeah, yes sir Neil I have a theory. I think that the weather champ is often by the Republicans party because they're spreading fear around just like George Bush What do you think about that? Okay, well, I'll take into account. We'll have a will get a committee together. I have Henry Kissinger in charge of it Now we're gonna teach you when it was the track and she's showing the same exact one I was telling you before south of Cuba south of the western part of Cuba going And then nowhere I mean we'll say nowhere near us, but not that close is what she's showing her on CNN. What's your name? Uh, Trenor Robinson. No, no Yeah, oh, brother. She's pretty good whoever this so one is she's okay. Not great. She's all right. She's marginally credible So anybody that's given you a song to dance about how we're gonna take another direct hit with Ivan and it's common. I mean it's possible. See that's the thing anything is possible Obviously we're talking about a science that is extremely imprecise and I mean forget about hurricanes just the average ordinary day-to-day weather in a lot of places from one day to the next day I haven't got a clue But the idea that these things are 100% accurate we all understand that but at least give us those don't don't keep trying to bring it back Don't keep waving at magic hand there with your tell us reader and keep trying to bring it back alive. Okay, did I realize? Me I'm surprised I Was a company on your feed on my feed yeah something on this ass in that's right. I think I've pinned a meter on that though when I was screaming in a young I Think I did I think I pushed this thing to the edge anyway if you're on the atkins if you're fat as a cow and you're on the edge If you're on the south beach or bus is ready low-carb sugar free dive head forward needle lights of west bokeh For years the lights is up thousands of low carb divers achieve the way lost goals and now The lights of west bokeh celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discounts about the 50% off on low carb products like carbolite purity like carb cents and lots more And as the anniversary super special you can say right now half off on all our icons brand foods and supplements Don't forget the great selection at the lights of low carb bakery items like cheesecakes Brids rules and brownies and as always you can try anything this store before you're by it There's definitely with low carb diving inside and out the lights is open daily 10-10 and don't forget They're guaranteed the lowest price policy on all atkins carbolite and food relied products because the lights of west bokeh will not be Undersold you find them on the Northeast corner of glazed in 441 next to Boston market or column toll free at 1-877 low carb That's what they w Hello wcarb run away with low carb calm don't forget the lights of west bokeh's your official atkins retail And we went to idle door if it was come to my tent I might use every night of me Could I live inside of the night I tell my lawyers I got hooked again I would have to know that Do I hear what you think? All baby baby moves I'd never do I'd have to not do I can't hold my finger I got a job again That's how I get that I just was done on Oh baby baby move I'd pass up your goal And now you're so strong I'm not any other Oh my god 1-87562 WM did we ever get that story on there about the FCC findings CBS? Oh, not good, not good, but it's not good What is it? Oh, I think Josh is a dirty fox What is it? I'd be snacking three banks here okay? Oh Love water Oh Yeah, here we go Is it in the line is it in the board? Oh exactly coming from your feed That's why I keep turning it off I understand that but I'm seeing what that happens The board just pins and it just goes crazy over here Because I even tried the other microphone the guest mic Which I have a guest mic in front of my window which there's no way anybody could be there But it looks pretty impressive Well at least you know it sits at Fitzgerald in with the ambiance It's the last couple of days I sure hope this ain't like some permanent kind of crap you think You never know I think we're being like invaded I think we're being censored by it because it's getting too close It's eight weeks from days of election time I wouldn't doubt it Speaking of that so I'd better read fast some of these stories Two former Vietnam prisoners of war Well a period of adds attacking democratic prisoners Well candidate John Kerry We're appointed by the Bush administration We're panell advising the Department of Veterans Affairs I guess it's just a coincidence would you think? The former POWs in the ad can't coordinate and Paul Galante Serve on the VAs-12 member former POW advisor committee VAs secretary Anthony Pinsipy appointed courtier in 2002 and Galate in 2003 Courtier said the VA panel is nothing to do with a Bush campaign Or the anti-cary group It was totally apolitical and we meet twice a year to bring the secretary's attention Problems from around the country in the hospital he said Courtier and Galate appear in the anti-cary ad saying the Vietnamese captors use news of anti-war protest Such as ones that carry organized and taught the prisoners Courtier was also a member of a Bush campaign veterans committee But quit earlier this month after that role was revealed after they outed a movie Conduct was inside the deal Just amazing how many stupid people I mean it's so obvious it's like looking to repay the glass That this is all a setup deal But the Bush is against those 527s He's not going to renounce what they said but he's against those 527s Is it he could count that high? 567 5 It's happened again What do you go this boat? I don't know its so man Well, I'll play that one if you tune again I can do that I can do that You play B bum Best dog Absolutely Not like it's going to sparm I like it so far Thank you I'm going to be glad to leave now. It's in this board. We're going to have to get some technical assistance in here, I guess. Go get the coffee or dessert. Yeah, he'll take care of it. Now let me just see. I'm going to be by today. I'm dying out there. Oh, what can you wrap to it? I got nothing on that. Keep hearing it. Oh, you're just old. Well, I'll play the music, man. You should have this on video if you were going to. Let's push all the buttons. See what happens. I've read you a way. You're my cue. I just read the chat. Oh, that did. It worked. That's why I just did. What do you do? I just put it on the counter here. It worked like a charm. Fantastic. That's what I mean. It's going to last. Yeah, I just went like, I've been going to do it again. Well, this is exciting. You know, something we can kill last 35 minutes like this. It's probably better than most of what these people are watching and listening to over the weekends. Much of our time was guys profusely. What do you think that is? It's definitely in these two mic pods. What'd you do to pick it? I just pound it on a counter here. What are you fondly? Yeah, I just pound it on it. Sometimes that's what it takes. Yeah. Here's the whole result. And I'm probably getting interrupted midstream because I'm a little bit nervous about this thing. I'll be start. No, it's in my board. I mean, we haven't had any technical problems on this ending like what's almost three years now. Pretty dang close. Need some maintenance. Just a matter of task right. We probably have to get those. Ah, see? Oh, there you go. Now that's straightened out. All I got to do is pound on a counter a little bit. That means something loose, probably. You think? Maybe. I think it would be good. I'd leave it this way a couple of weeks. Anyway, it's a good time. Which of these best describes your hurricane Francis experience? We got 524 votes on a pool. Agrobating 128 like his last hours today. Voring 97, Ponderous 90, Stir Crazy 54, No Big Deal 51, Lucky 41, Costs 28 on Nightmares. Keep fighting. Ah. 9x6, Puk inducing 11 and total is asked to rate 524 votes. I can't see. That's a great. There you go. I'll just talk to you. That's okay. I've only been getting it back for a few weeks. We got to go to break anyways. We got to go to a break. Why? I'm going to do a spot. Let's see if I can stay under in a break. Okay. As a matter of fact, Well, I might lead. I got a couple extra seconds. I'm not going to say anything because I don't want to sit that thing off. Because I have a special dry concept spot. But I have here that actually. Yeah, here it is. Because of the hurricane. Oh. Dry concepts is long help keep your car because clean and healthy. Now they stay in place to help you return your house to normal. If you've sustained water damage from hurricane Francis, it may to range. It's going to be a staging area for water damage restoration surfaces. Help of arriving if needed from several northern states within abundance of equipment. To help with the restoration process. Like I said, if you need help first try the main number 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. If you can't get through on end number 3-9-5-4-214-69-244-9-244-9-276-4-9-5-4-214-69-238. Again, if you've got water damage from hurricane Francis, dry concepts is on code help restore your home back to its normal state. That main toll free number is 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. It's 1-800-248-5071. You're listening to Neil Roger. You're listening to Neil Roger. On 5-60-60. You, Neil. Two years later and say, it took me a little while. I was a little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize. It's way deal. You are the truth. So, you know. I'm dying over here. There's a fire over at a bridge. Call my wife. I'm about to run out of space. Soon Hillary will be better. 10 million. That's 1-800-248-5071. There's a chapter on my impeachment. And the heavy interns are pointing the hall. I got busted for my cheap toll. In my life, I wrote it all. And besides my scanky lovers, there's some crap in there. Now my policies, but those pages won't get notice. So just think of them as a waste of trees. Still I hope you go and die yourself or copy. So I can sell more than Hillary. Then you can read about a girl who's fat and sobbing. Oh, my life, I read it, Jane. Oh, my life, I read it, Jane. Oh, my face. One, thirty-two, now has that sound. It sounds like it's not okay. Beautiful. I'm afraid to like, you know, talk too loud or like fart or anything at all. Well, you definitely can't do that. No. Oh, Jane. You're banging away. Okay. Jane, I thought it was a little bit. Thirty-two right. There's a loose-safe or something loose in there. Loosen's a goose. But the good news is that it comes back. So obviously it's just like nothing majorial. And of course, as far as the 360, that's working rock solid. Just fine, everything else too. So it's only the microphone. It's possible once you hear me anyway, right? No, buddy. The 360, pound-five, 60, only Verizon Wireless and Singular Wireless lines. WCQA and hello. There's just like nothing majorial. And of course, you know, I am. I don't know how to speak in. Oh, you know how to speak in. Great. The point thing that I have is you know they always say, oh, go get all your supplies on Thursday and Wednesday. Get the food and get your dust. Then, you should have much of the news and it's all about fault because it was panic by you. That's why we don't have it and get off. It was panic by you after they put you into a panic that's right. Yeah. They called it not avoiding it on ours. The only other thing I have is it. Tomorrow I think we need to do a pause and most more romantic reporting out there. One of the girls have a fan bag on her foot. Area eyes are happy. The couple inside of this jacket and the other one that float down the sign of the top. Lovely. Okay. Thanks. I'm going to get a new board. What? To the new board. What? To the new board. What do you mean get a new board? There's like a little something that maybe it's going out. I don't know. What do I know, Tektor? I think we'll probably have to have the engineer come in here like in the morning. Make arrangements after the show. Don't go anywhere. Don't go anywhere at 2 o'clock. What does that mean? I mean, I don't want to call that. It's a little black and a third. And we'll make arrangements for the engineer. Before the show tomorrow, we're going to make sure that everything gets up. Otherwise, George is going to have to do the show tomorrow. And he don't want to do that. Why not? He prefers when he does the show. WQAM Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Listen. Candle is washing away the stomachs here. Really. He's pulling to make it go stumbling everything. That's where you have him. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thanks for the good news, Tally. I didn't realize it. WQAM. I'm going to say that color. What about my place? There we go. What? What are you going to do? What? What do you want to do? I don't know. I hear somebody over there. I don't know. Where was that coming from? That was coming from the DCS. I don't know. I see. Don't do it again. I won't do it again. Five, six, seven. Five. Five, six, seven. If we ought to have an office pool, I'll see how many more times between now and to a clock this thing crap sound. I'm not turned man. Yeah. We'll see. WQAM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. The long time, listen. I just came from the West Coast. They would have happened to a channel 7's jacket Johnson. She's long gone. What happened to her? Did you go to New York? I have no. I have no. L. L. She went to L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. What the hell is she? Yes sir. I'm coming back huh? No. I'm not a signal. I think channel 7 sucks anyway. You know that's irrelevant. Now you got to check out the new chick. Who's that? I don't know her name but I saw her on the TV. Oh yes, she's good. So far. I would say he does. She looks just about as good as Jackie. No, I'll look about. She's for itself. Uh huh? Little better. Yeah, she's not. I'm sorry. She's a lightweight. Anyway, here's the day. And I still say what's your name? Mrs. Robinson here on Channel 6. Trautrina. She does a good job. What's in the East Coast? She does a good job. She does a good job. She does a good job. And she does a good job. There you go. I think I fixed it. You're all dressed up. Oh, I just banged the board from underneath it. The whole board just almost topped right out of the socket here. Oh that did it. Do you think so? Yeah. What are you so much better? What do you mean by that? There's no humming in the background. What were there were still humming before? No. Shmuck. So by the way, anybody wants to give geography lessons to Miguel about Cuba and where this is. And that was pretty embarrassing. I mean, it's our job for embarrassing too, but for different reasons. WQA and hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Hey, there we go again. You think about it? Can you hear me? Yeah, go ahead. You think by and by, Claude Follari, she should have seen what the sound turned off. We were at a restaurant watching them justoring with his arms. You know, you have those cones? He had a wound. It went from heart pain and even to them as way let's about Carolina. That hurricane was going to hit anywhere. And he was justoring and pulling his arms in like he was trying to squeeze something out of hilarious. I'm making it into a panel of heavyweight today. We're having a little bit of a rough technical time here, but then that's the QMS and way, man. Why don't you show it? Those are the two terror audiences used to. In fact, I think they enjoyed. There's no extra charge. W2AM, hello. I just turned to say, you know? Yes, sir. Neil, man. I got a funny story for you yesterday. I was in the Popeye's chicken. I think it was an Okatilvi or South Bay. So I'm going to offer it like that. And the power went out, man. And you want to talk about people going crazy quick. It's a dark and narrow bath, man. Hi, hi here to see you, lady. Dark and Popeye's is what I'm hearing. Haven't you heard that? 567. Are we still on? We're on 0.560 and the pound 564 are Verizon Wireless and singular. Fireless customers out there. This is just now. Maybe this last time was the charm, you think? Because this is about the longest in the state on since we've been having these technical defubilities. Huh? Maybe there was just something loose in there. And the last time I like jarded. So if I don't breathe. Roger, bro. W2AM, hello. Yeah, that's what a shoutout to like right there. Yeah, well, we could just put him on the West of the half hour. I can get that line here. Got a lunch. W2AM, hello. Oh, I see that. Are you going to get a new two-air fuzzy? Ah. That's what it's all about. That collar. Okay, everybody is relaxed. Okay, things are going to be just fine. I think this signals the end of the world or something like that. And I thought we wanted to close any panic. I think we're going to try to think about come on. Getting back at you. I think this is probably sabotage. If you ask me, the weather people fighting back. You all seem to be a new Roger. I'm concerned about the situation in the AM. I urge everyone to complain to this station. I joined the Nazi Party. They used to call it the GOP. And that strongly agree with right way policies should it. Won't be coming for me. So I went to the Nazi Party. Convention held in the Empire State. For 9-11, thank the Saudis get their hands ashamed. And dance on the graves of reasons. Mine comes now. The bush got through this whip. You see you feeling anyone in the camp. And they for yourself. Locked up the door. Locked up the door. The breeze on the roof. The two of us are here on the fire. The entertainment that the Nazi Party was appropriate. They pushed in and wide. There was David, Duke, and Clear, Channel, approvedly Greenland, and to be Green Teeth keys. I'm watching. All right now. And then, culture is where. If you don't believe, Bush is the only one that you should die go to hell. I'm wrong, solid. I'm wrong. No. Okay, let's see how this sounds. Any good? 145, 560WQM, how are we doing? Well, except for you. Sounds good. What do you mean by that? You know, your voice. Of some of the fact that's made while. Right. Your. Bad news from Iraq. 13 US troops have been killed in Iraq since yesterday. US military officials said bringing the number of American deaths in the war so far to 999. Six soldiers in submarines were killed in the fighting. Late at that came this morning with a soldier from the US Army's 18th military police brigade was killed. As a patrol came under attack in Western Baghdad. The soldier was killed in the rocket propelled grenade attack in Baghdad, Sotter's city. Meanwhile, Iraqi police had two Italian women and three Iraqis were abducted by kidnapped. Researchers are Iraqi national guard members. An Italian intelligence source said the women work for the humanitarian organization, A.B. Bridge for Baghdad. I thought it was all over. I thought everything we, a mission was accomplished. Thought everything was going pretty well. Wait till your story. If I don't get to chopped off our technical problems. Probably will. Why do you say that? I'm not a person. Look how long we've been going here now. There's no problem at all. You're right. We've been a good imagination. Right. It's been a good minute. Is it? Get that clock taken. Do we have that thing in here? I wonder if I have it in my DCS. Tick. Huh? Yeah, here it is. So let's see how long we can here keep this thing going. Anyway, in Kevin Dykes' mind, the future is yellow. Dyna Tick industry is a company Kevin in his wife's Sandra bought five years ago. Has developed way to tell Josh Beckett here says they've developed synthetic urine for the research industry. Yeah. True story. One of their first customers is the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which made a big purchase the summer's headed to be a major buyer looking in the long of the future. Other research institutions, laboratories also looking at diatized product called Surin. Not urine, but Surin. You're in with an S. We've been very blessed with this. A diatized plant is a marketing for three-first company to completely talk to wait at a suburban Kansas City office park. It was pretty discouraging until about a year ago. While the business might not. Oh, God damn. We've been doing this plan. Might induce stifled giggles. Centetic urine is a very serious matter in the lab industry. Researchers drug testing labs and other institutions by thousands of gallons of the real stuff. Mostly to calibrate the equipment used to test regular urine samples for drugs rather sentences. In fact, this would be a great idea for all you athletes and others who have to undergo drug tests. Instead of submitting the real thing, just give them some of the things you've given some of this good stuff. Surin. Pass it off as urine, but it's really Surin. They said in the next few years, synthetic urine will replace human urine in laboratories. If you end up with something like Surin, it's very stable easy to maintain. You're going to do that because that's one of your savers. Because regular urine like it has nasty things. It smells. If homes, donors must be screened carefully for drug use and disease. Also, different body chemistry guarantees that no two people's urine is exactly like. And irritation for researchers will rely on consistency, so I don't like the metals. So what are the odds that we're going to get through the last 12 minutes of the show without one more, at least one or two more problems on this thing. See, I don't know anything about these microphones, like they go through amplifiers or I don't have no clue about that. It must be separate from the rest of the board because the rest of the board is rock solid. See? And that doesn't even go on. In fact, I'll even give you like a little bonus. Now it's in stereo. How does this mic sound? Is that sound like anybody? Worst? What is it sound like? Well, there's two of you. And now it's like in stereo together again, just in case one of my co-op, that's the guest mic, but that was also doing the same thing. It's the best way to do that. Huh? To bed with the only three that could hear the stereo. Why is that? Well, it's not stereo, but it's like a very special effect. 560, 560, pound 560 on the Verizon Wireless and singular wireless line. I think we'll make it. W2A and hello. Hi, how are you? Pretty good. Listen, I like millions of different intern in tune into channel 4 and all the patients on the weather and all that all weekend. And you know, I kind of learned something out of all the language as far as the broadcasters and the reporters. That being an out-such, I mean, he's rock solid. Yeah, he is rock solid. Yeah. Okay, good one. He was really rock solid at the Floridian. It must have been laughing around soft at him. You know, oh, he really comes to try to make a make up for the last investment his. And I'll take all the credit for that. Yeah, good. I was the one guy that has fingered him. Or guess I can't say that. I think so. 560, pound 560 on the Verizon Wireless and singular wireless line. W2A and hello. Hey, now, I just think both can't participate during his little lot of shit with the weather. I thought he's okay. I thought your rose did okay. You know, they had they brought out everybody. They had the janitor on. They were okay. I thought, well, that can't be called you. Yeah, for, huh? Did they call you to do it? No, they did not as a matter of fact. They only was who didn't. I'm surprised. Yeah. All right. Thanks a lot, pal. But, can't for was good. You see him? Nope. Because usually he's, I mean, you know, he's a good guy. But he's not usually the most articulate guy that ever came down to pike. But he did a very fine job. And blockhead was good on there. I mean, you know, you got to do credit to the people who put enormous numbers of hours on there who were co-haired and weren't hysterical. And just, you know, kept people company because there wasn't anything else to do. At least to be had to power he had to TV go in. But the hysteria monitors out there a Pox on them, especially Miss Kamal. It's 151. Now, you think we can get to the spot? We can try. Okay. I'll give him a my best shot. If you pitch. That's a loony. The middle Eastern world. Will be exploded. So dumb at people do. With the gas that we sold him. First time a presser nation and they only won that's going. Now more blood will be still. To get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea. The nooks there towed to Natham. Right? We miss feeling it over and over into our heads. That we ride as some. Methods of past destruction. 3,000 people killed. Our now forgotten. Let's exploit them instead. And if they're going to be nothing. Going after some time to play Keto's Sama. There's no longer betten up. It may be loaded. But no deceit can sound all. Confident complacent. Believe in every word of this cruel administration. That control this by fear through the enemy. And the manipulation and the right queen is really good over and over into our heads. That I ragged as a weapon of past destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now. Not the ass property. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saved. I know be the entitled don't have any reservations. Out of provoked, benevolent. World annihilation. Old regime must fall. And power of virgin and so. With no objection at all. Send the press don't have the false ambus. Right? We miss feeling it over and over into our terrain. Watch men. I ragged as a weapon of past destruction. Old regime must fall. I have the weapon of past destruction. So what do you think we're going to make it go to a clock or what? For sure. Even you guys could like whistle the tuner something for a minute and a half. Anyway, we got the mad dog you managed to come up all along my schedule here. It's two days at 10 or 7 and it still says. How are they? They're still on suspension and maybe vacation and go. Anybody illuminate us on that? The illuminating? No. We don't know what's going on. Marlon's on deck. It's a story that mentioned how to play the Marlon 705. It's a gimmick. The match is rolling over. And any care for the baseball game. When you say that that's an accurate assessment? Yes. That's the last night of the world. They're on a way to break their all-time team. Recognum are on the way to give them an assist. Well, I think we managed to fake our way through. I'll always probably shouldn't count my chickens before they hatch, right? Right. I want to do it. 4540 seconds to go. And of course, maybe if the engineers that come out can't fix all of these things, maybe George will be on a marl. Could be. And Wednesday. On our tomorrow's Wednesday. I'm thinking Thursday we should have the sticks. As Marlon and we sure sure we got that Marlon game on, right? I think Thursday it'll be a-okay. Bye-bye!