That'll do it, our time is 10 o'clock, Neil Rogers is coming up next. I'm going to go by the way, Moses, thanks for showing you his record. He wants to be out of the way around. Then we'll find out that Joe showed his piece to him, oh. God, he's squatting. Oh, let's up you some more prisoners. Make them scream nice and loud. Get me some words and a factory pack. I don't care if they ain't from my rack to prove you. You choose to the torture, cause we're just playing their game. In the past, it had to be worse with the dumb who's staying. So what do you think? They think we want to hear a couple of seconds of a major general, and Tonya Taguba. Maybe one second. Okay. Investigation team, the assistant of officers, and senior and elicit personnel, who are military police, and the abuses were systematic and blatant, as what he said. Well, this guy called the people. And not only that, we have another bad bump on the road map in the Middle East. Oh, the bunch of dead Jews and Arabs, once again. I just mentioned these things in passing, and it also speaking of dead people. Three more American soldiers have died in Iraq. Every day at the beginning of the show, if we have more dead soldiers, I try to mention it, because the general media don't even, not even news anymore. More than 750 US servicemen and women of diets in March of 2003, since the illegal and unwarred to direct attack. More than 750 lives have been flushed on the toilet. Three more American soldiers died two from a hostile fire, and one of the traffic accident of the US command said yesterday. So those who are keeping track, keeping the tally, the big scoreboard in the sky. And Miss Fudge on her breathless, uh, Fudge reports says this morning. Don't have the whole story, Andrea. Come on, let's get with it, mad, okay. Tell our Brian Andrews, it's time to go home and, uh, get with it. Pentagon possesses three disks of photos, one of which includes a photo of soldiers Sodomizing prisoners with glow sticks. Many of the photos are redundant, so I'm have little to do with Iraqi detainees, but show sex between US soldiers. Pentagon officials prevailed at least temporarily in their insistence that the administration not immediately released images, which includes the forced masturbation of one detainee, photo show American soldiers having sex with one another. Bad grammar there, but I think you get the, uh, just of it. That's how our sexual sucks though, right? BAAAH! I don't know we ain't seen him yet. Here's the result yesterday, second poll. Donuts. This was a big, we got a big response on this. Yeah. Well, you know what the Brit said about the American public, they're a little, mm-hmm, like that. Silly, we don't got no queen, okay. At least we're not stuffy like you, Brit bastards, okay. So you've got some good or some honest news on there, and some real newspapers. At least we're not worshiping some world family. Well, I take that back. Which is the best donut, 1244 hosts, not too shabby. Crispy cream, Josh. 692 votes, 55 and a half percent, not even close, no contest, no low contendity. 692, duck and donuts, 25, 20.4 percent, a very lame. In other words, it was about, well, more than, like, 2 and a half to 1, more than 2 and a half to 1, almost 3 to 1. I hate donuts, 133 people would not taste, people probably like, uh, butter, pecan ice cream. You don't like butter, pecan ice cream, do you? Yeah, I mean, it's not my favorite, but oh, come on. I like pecan. That's, that's like from a back in the day when we didn't have the variety that we have now. I'm not big in the ice cream, so it's not like I'll cross the street. And it means donuts 72, Tim Horton's donuts at 38, eh? Now, there was a Tim Horton's in Boca once upon a time, whether there's still around in Florida, I don't know, but of course, here in Canada there's a Tim Horton's at every street corner. How's it going, Tim? At least could've used it in that last game. Though the cream 26, public donuts 23 and hostes donuts had 7 out of 248 votes. We got two polls for today for the price of none. How do you like that? Got some bad news though, here to start. Is it the dead soldiers isn't bad enough? Well, let's hear from, uh, Major General Antonio Taguba once again, just briefly. Speak before you today. Aleppo, I'm answering your questions. Okay, good. Is he a pillow phenome? I don't know. Well, what difference is that? He looks flippy to me, yes. Okay. What? Oh, for the book. Oh, for the book that you're going to write that. Oh, he could be, although Taguba don't sound like a Filipino to me. It sounds like, yeah, he actually is. He's one of those. Campbell, please, guilty of trucking driving a game. This is Glenn, will you put a lid on while ready or what? Phoenix. Country's singer Glenn Campbell, please, to kill the yesterday to a stream trucking driving, leaving the scene of an accident. It's not just regular pedestrian trucking driving, but extreme trucking driving as in. Like that. I didn't take the head that. Under the P, a plea agreement in Maricopa County Superior Court, Campbell faces 10 days in jail, when he's formally sentenced June 14, he'll be eligible for work for a low after 48 hours. And his expected the service 75 hours of community service out of the deal, and aggravated as salt charge was dropped. He's just one certainly mother, you know it. Campbell was arrested November near his Phoenix home after leaving the scene of a minor traffic accident, accused of needing a police officer to be taken into custody officer wasn't hurt. Extreme trucking driving applies to a blood alcohol level of 0.15 or higher. Police said Brett test on Campbell showed he had a 0.20 blood alcohol level at the time of his arrest. Legal limit for Arizona drivers is 0.08. He was 0.20. Almost three times the legal limit. The 68 year old drunken singer's lived in Arizona for more than two decades, his hits a course include Rine Stone to Cowboy, Galveston Gentile on my mind, and by the time I get your penis. How do you like that? Glenn Campbell, another little drunken and a driving episode. He's a long, a sorely sight. He's had a rough life. Now let's take a look behind at B.D. Curtain today. The, the arages.com, been in turn. We've got the once upon a time about 100 years ago very lovely mod Adams. Yeah, I say once upon a time because she was born February 12, 1945 in Lulia, Sweden. She's 59 years old. She's an old bag almost as old as I am, which is pretty damn old. But once upon a time like I said she looked pretty good, which you'll notice there'd be had to be the curtain if you're old enough to take a peek. You've got a sign in your life away. I would not want no miners, all you pumps out there. Don't be looking at no boobies on our avidic curtain, okay? You've got to click that little button on there, which means you bet you you beg Greg Reid's life on it that you released 18 and probably hopefully over 30. How old about 30 man? Right, minimum. She was in ringer in 96. Perry Mason, Mystery on TV, the case of the wicked wives. Silent night, deadly night, four initiation. The kill reflects, the favorite, Angel 3 the final chapter, deadly intent, mysterious death of Nina Sherroe. Jain and the lossity, women's club hellhatter is the view to a kill I mean on an on Chicago story on TV, the series. Big Bob Johnson and his fantastic speed circus on TV. Killer Force, Roarball, I don't know that. Me, you know that? No, she was in Roarball. She was in Roarball. 75. Yeah. That's it. Mr. Man, the golden gun, 74. Yeah, remember that. Pretty good movie. Indeed. Boys in the band? She was in the freaking boys in the band. How do you like that with all them screamers? So there she is mod Adams. Take a pick at her. She's 59 in the best part of the deal is she's still alive. And they quite frankly, in that picture look, it's early alive. At least the picture keeps. Right. Here's the first poll today. How do you grade in? I saw him on the yesterday was campaigning in Pennsylvania. I mean, it's not that he's like gun to the hiding, but it's just we don't see very much a John Kerry, no more. And he was talking about health care. Now, of course, there are a lot of people very concerned about health care. That's a very important issue, but not now, John. See? And they even pointed out if you were watching. But they pointed out that he's been criticized frequently in the deservedly so. They're talking about point A's, B and C while points X, Y and Z are the ones that everybody cares about. If you catch, if you follow the diaphragm, draw an out. Right. In other words, he just don't have his eye on the ball. He's always talking about other stuff when the public really wants to hear him talk about what really everybody's talking about, we should be caring about. I mean, like I said, health care is a very important issue. We got plenty of time to get to that. And we already know where he stands on that anyway. But in the meantime, we'd like to show a little more fortitude, a little more forcefulness, a little more something. I mean, does that that petition drive going? He's got 275,000 signatures to have rooms filled fire to resign. We'll get to that later. Here's our first pool. How do you grade John Kerry's campaign so far? Come on. Excellent. He's a shoe-in. Good. He makes sense to me. Fair needs to be stronger. Week or what campaign? I don't think I've got to leave something out. I feel like I've left one, at least one category out there. Excellent. Well, how about just, we'll have to add on there. Not great, but sure beats bush. But sure better than bush. How's that? Okay. Or am I not phrasing that right? I think it was a phrase that I like crispy cream better. Okay. Now, the crispy cream make, I guess they probably do. I don't think I've ever had them. Like would chocolate, yes, they do. They do. They do. Why would you do that? I mean, that's just, it's not a thing that it's purest form. And it's pristine form is so outstanding. And delicious and sweet and tasty and just orgasm, uh, inducing. Why would you take that and then like, schmere a bunch of crap on it? For variety. Some people like chocolate, but you're right. Not as good. I don't know. I'm not going to work a lot of chocolate more than I do. But not on crispy cream, don't it? No way. No, say permishake. Oh, can't tell you that right now, Mr. I concur. Cut the chocolate. Now back in the day, we would say cut something else, but we can't say that. We can't just cut the cheese, right? We just can't play that sound. How do you grade John Kerry's campaign so far? Excellent. He's a shoe in good. He makes sense to me. Fair needs to be stronger. Week. What campaign or not? Great. But you're better than bush. Of course, we could say that about all. John Warner. Huh? And some of their recommendations. All we tell about he's got a mouthful of cotton. John Warner. Now John McCain, there. I'd say I really like John McCain. Especially even though he's got that, you know, the cancerous thing on the side of his cheek for his fault. He's not a tool. Yeah. Now, but I like McCain a lot. And I think Kerry, if he had any brain, he would have a summit. John McCain and say, listen, all those people I talked about, you'd be in my VP. I know you said no, but think about it for the good of the country for the good of human to use for the good of us winning the election for crying out loud. Just half a board. They're already chummy. They did that MIA thing together. Yeah, they're chummy. They don't like grummy. I'll tell you that. Right. They're no dummy. They think he's pretty crummy. And they know the president's a dummy. And I bet you John Kerry sent a nice card to mummy on how he's like, well, she's probably for our tummy. Yeah. From an attempt to 10 at 5, 60 WQM, if we seem a little bit in coherent today, if we can't talk about how to do that, and how to keep that up. Don't worry. You're an employee. I'm going to have a little bit of a chat with you. What's the point? You're going to have a chat with me. You're going to have a chat with me. You're going to have a chat with me. You're going to have a chat with me. Hey. You're going to have a chat with me. What are you going to have a chat with me? I'm going to have a chat with me. How's that core tech doing speaking of stuff? They're just tuning up. Are they tuning up? Good. Anyway, if you're wondering if a fast train makes sense for you when your life would seem to be going nowhere right now. in just 4 short months. It's the middle of May, so let's say June, July, August, before summers out. In just 4 short months, you can be on your way to a big pad paycheck. Fast trains got day night and weekend classes, financial assistance for those who qualify too. Once you complete your classes, fast train can even assist you in obtaining a brand new computer job. It's that easy. Just pick up that goal and make that one simple call that can change your life and earn you some real cash. Call fast train right now at 1, 8, 6, fast train. And with several occasions around time, including Miami, Kendall for a lot of it on time or time, there is bound to be a fast train campus nearby you. So if you really want to change your life to two things, first check them out of the web if you like it fast train.com or you don't have to do that. Just make that call one way or the other. Call toll free 1, 8, 6, 6, fast train. 2 weeks ago in the first of a series of speeches, I set out my proposal to end technology in broadband, perhaps forever. This morning, I want to talk however recession. The ocean administration helped balance our budget. Good jobs are being created and working people can build a better life for their families. I believe we can change that. My pledge to America is to restore a fiscal cancer and my budget plan is built on three economic principles. First, destroy American jobs. If I am president, outsourcing will occur with a numbers rising faster than a human eye can see. Second, ultimately, as deficits drive up long-term interest rates, they will dry up investment and they will undermine the belief that home and overseas America is worth investing in. Third, all Americans will inherit a $20,000 debt in the first term of a carry administration and we will use that money to party. Thank you very, very much. There you go. So anyway, major general Taguba says a failure of leadership from the beginner commander down total lack of supervision, all of these things is what resulted in this growth test series of episodes that they are so desperately trying to cover up. I mean, there's trying to give you the bottom up. Yeah. Those damn pictures. Ten 18 at five. Well, that's what it's all about. No, no. If the worse for them pictures being taken, we wouldn't have any clue as to any of this going on and the red cross to be sent and all their reports and the media would ever report about it. They've been sent and is reports for over a year now and anybody report on it. Oh, no. Anybody screaming about it? No, that's not how we had those pictures that proved concosely that the ICRC wasn't just doing magic mushrooms and Amsterdam, okay? They did some other things around. How do you grade John Kerry's campaign so far? That's our first pull question today. 96 second one. We'll have a chance to add some my names in there, which we know you like to do that because you got nothing else going. But believe me, won't be easy. Could be a short list. I'm not going to, we'll do that in the 11. Be surprised. Okay. Let's be in 11. This says that the defense and this car level would impinge. I see that the other guy who's dead to find here this shield for the defense department. This guy finally took his granny glasses off because it looked kind of embarrassing that they both had the glasses down pinching their nose there. It looked like they were about to do something together. Him and Carl left after Fruck, Juan, Tonimo and where the campaign bone. That's the guy named Cam bone. And by the way, General Tinguoba plays the tuba and says that some of them soldiers should have used some luba. But it anyway. 96 votes. How do you grade John Kerry's campaign so far? Fair needs to be stronger. 28. Week 25. That was my vote week week. Like El Martino's voice in the godfather. My voice is weak. Maybe that's what Kerry did. Somebody just slap him up on the side of the face. I got the a man. Right. Nice going, Mo. What can't paint 20. Good. He makes sense to me 11. His campaign is good. Not great. The better than Bois 10. Excellent. He's a shoe in two. We got a piercing that. He's a shoe in got a pair of shoes saying that. Got a call here on line three. We don't have time for a lot of calls today. QAM. Hello. Please. Please. Please change your underwear. How can I smell it all the way up here? Good. God. Air v. Single minute of air v. Single day. What what would this guy do? I have no right if I city tomorrow. Oh, this is my last week. I'm hanging it up. Okay. This one a lot of weeks for 20 minutes. This guy have to blow his brains out. This guy's got nothing man. We got to get him and the chum. That guy and then what's the other way? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. That guy gets a three at them to get. And then have them stand on 10. And that one to have them all stand on top of a symbol with electrodes stuck deep inside their. That's not good to me. And if they take one phony of breath, 1.0 straight step we have we turn on the switch. Line 9's always good though. QAM. Hello. Just forget about Bush. He's going to stand forever. What is it? Bush will be here forever. Just forget it. No. Okay. Just forget it. Forget about it. Yeah. W to QAM. Hello. Have you ever done a poll about what's talking to most about saw grass? Oh. Oh, God. How about it? W to QAM. Hello. Hey. How are you doing buddy? I would say I have it a walk 10 miles from your car to get to wherever you're going to be. The purple dolphin entrance. Yes or go ahead. Hey, listen. I was just calling to Sponda or at my two cents to why John Kerry's so low key. Maybe just go to the one. Call the comatose. Yeah. You know, I could think he was kind of concerned that if he jumped on the bandwagon on the hot topic that they'll just turn around and use it and say he's just bashing the president. Yeah. So. You know, for him, Casey hasn't noticed so far. If there was ever time to press on his rate to be bashed right now is the time, baby. Yeah. I know, but you know, I think it was in and all today they said that he's up one point. No. No. No. No. No. No. The one this morning Bush was 48. Kerry 47. Yeah. But you know, a point between is not. But you're missing the point. The point is he ought to be 15 to 20 points ahead right now. What all the crap that's going on right now? But the way the war is going on with all the bodies coming back with it. With the this grotesque embarrassment and humiliation as gone if he's not ahead 10 15 points right now. What's going to happen in October, November. Yeah. But you know, if you look at it, we've been split 50, 50s a whole country all the time. It hasn't been. And even these and it's amazing that with all these corruption charges coming up and all these things have happened, that he hasn't pulled away. And it goes back to the point that the media isn't really sending out the right message that this guy is a, you know, he's an idiot. He doesn't know how he's doing. Yeah, but you're missing one point. And it is Bush is becoming more vulnerable. His approval rating is the lowest. It's ever going to come to 40. 46% but Kerry isn't going up. You see, that's the problem. He's ready to be had. But Kerry isn't moving in for the kill. He's doing nothing. And have a great day. He just vanished in the thin air. I mean, am I wrong? No. He is as vulnerable. That was any present in recent memory. Okay. Yeah. I think Jimmy Carter with the hostages in Iran, that was the last one. I was this week. I was just ready to be taken and as a former military guy, he's in a position to talk about stuff. Yeah. And instead of wasting seeing the problem is he always responds. He gives an e-jerk respond. They, they snap their fingers and he responds like Pavlov's dog. Oh, he threw those medals over the fence. That was 233 freaking years ago for quite a lot. Who gives a crap? There were his to throw here. Yeah. I mean, if we want to go on to that, let's start talking to get about bush being a wall with the, I mean, National Guard all the other crap. The champagne division. Yeah. And the champagne lady that he knocked up and took the abortion clinic, he hit the, the abortion that he paid for all those things. By the way, Larry Flint book will be out the summer. Very good. And the Michael Moore movie, Fahrenheit 911 will come out Disney or not. He will be out all the theaters. It's at the Cantham festival right now. You can bet your life. Big Greg's life on it that he's going to win another award. And it'll be out. And, and, but the level worries me is that in spite of all of these things, it's almost as if about 70% of the American public knows that Bush is a total dunderhead and a fader and incompetent liar and the thief. But they're just waiting for somebody to say something that makes sense. And please, don't let's play the need or card anymore. I don't want to hear one word of that anymore. Later. I don't want to hear it. Because, you know, in a normal election, where you really had a contest like in 2000, which shouldn't have been normal election other than the Algor was wouldn't and incompetent. But ordinarily, two or three percent, he got 2.7% shouldn't have made a difference. It shouldn't have been close enough of them to steal. And the same is true this year. Carrie should be 15 to 20 points ahead right now. He was running any kind of a campaign. He's not. I say, let's bring back Howard Dean. He has said it. 10 days ago, you said he yesterday, I'm saying it again to me. Just hoping that maybe somebody hears it. Come on, Howard. Yeah, get out of the closet there. All right. We've had enough of this loser and this waffles. What he really is. We talked about donuts yesterday. I'm about waffles today. We're going to South Carolina. There you go. It looks like a whole lot of donuts. They're going to go. And you go to California and Texas and New York. We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan. And then we're going to Washington and Houston and make back the way goes throughout Iraq, including Abu Ghraid Prism. What do you make of that statement? I don't know, John, but it looks like that cheek is puffed up again, man. I'm not looking to good enough to look. I like John McCain. Sometimes. I mean, there's how other things, he's he's conservative, but he's a war hero. Yeah. That a, well, he was out with different novelists. And they played part of the tape from his narrative of the book that he wrote about his experiences as POW. Man, it was just unbelievable. What they did to him. I mean, it was wow. They're booshoots. They just kept knocking him down and breaking his arm and kicking him in a crotch. And just all of these things and he tried two or three times to commit suicide and could even get to job done for John McCain. Good man. But, uh, okay, I'd say. And of course, keep in mind the way that push trash him back into a thousand. Right. With more than they just eviscerated his credibility and just took our American, well, just like the same thing they did to Max Cleveland and Georgia. There are no real war heroes. There only the egg wall heroes like Rummy and, uh, and the Cheney and the Bush. The chicken hocks. 1027 at 560 W. If you have nobody wants to talk about cancer, heart disease, any grotesque diseases, but you'll look to yourself and your family to be sure that you're in good health. It's a proven fact that if you catch one of these things early, that they respond very well. But again, detecting these diseases early is what the key. Hollywood diagnostic center is proud of announce their virtual colonoscopy. Coronary heartscoring, full body screening exams that can detect cancer other life-threatening diseases in their early stages. You don't even need to doctor's referral. I did the exams the coronary heartscoring and full body screening couple weeks ago. It's a piece of cake, totally unnon-invasive. And even the virtual colonoscopy is much less invasive than the traditional kind. And it gives you real peace of mind when you walk out of their known and you have real good tests. And if you have some problem like I said catch it early, while it's not too late. For our imaging exams call Hollywood diagnostic center at 954-963600 for the test like I said that can really give you and your family peace of mind. And Hollywood Diagnosis Center, they are presented the Art Imaging Equipment with Open MRI, high-speed CAT scan nuclear medicine, and much much more. Hollywood diagnostic center has been serving some photo for over 20 years. And if this will be also provided complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you if you'd like to follow and maybe break your neck. Call Hollywood Diagnosis Center day for your imaging exam. It could be one of the most important calls you'll ever make could be a lifesaver called 954-963600. How George Bush live a future can land so that you can avoid being a name. Now you said you 2074-11 and 560 WCM. Red Cross was told abuse is part of the process. I really love the way some of those end. See you you get antsy about that. I like you. Those have some fun last week with them. We were waiting for it. I see. Well, let's see before we get to the red cross was told abuse is part of the process. Let's see these facts is here. Chronic Rick who's just out of control and cannot stop what these facts is already says. Welcome back George was excellent as usual. See I told you. Thank you very much. I'm sorry because of no eating I can't say that. Eating. No. Talked on key. Thank me. Oh god, for satellite radio. I can listen to you in the arm services committee at the same time. Bush would not fire ramen or shoot anyone want to. Look who's next on the chain pole wolf witch. Even a bigger D.O.K. I'll see all the editorial so said that wolf witch is unacceptable because he's one of the architects of the master wearing right now and everybody knows that. So just because he would fire rumsfeld is mean he could put anybody in there. Certainly not wolf witch. He is totally un-acceptable. Finally Joshua blockhead. How can even compare crispy cream donuts to Duncan the dry crap donuts? He must be under 19. That would be his only excuse. Well, I just heard 21. He's a punk. He doesn't know any better. Even velvet cream on Southwest aid street was better when he was still in business to Duncan Duncan drunk chef got to make the donuts. What? I don't know. Trucker what? The Duncan drunk chef. Oh, what did I say? That's what you said. Yeah. I don't understand. Hey, Rick, you're getting some help. But you please. I have no lies calm down. You mean well, but sort of a lot of people. Let's see Ben. Oh, we're still getting faches on the donuts. Now this is good. Right. Don't worry. We've got about this. Let's start all over again. All right. Best donuts in Florida to be founded Danny donuts in dear field beach on federal highway made on the premises every morning gourmet donuts 13 for six and a half bucks. It was a Tim Horton's at one time. I see I've been there. It's not back really well. I mean we'd like we're gonna take your endorsement for it. Like you got taken on donuts. I can curb the just Andy. I mean after picking Duncan donuts over crispy cream and you're gonna like chime in on this man. Oh man. Pick a subject. You know something about when we find one. But you're like doesn't donuts better because they're bigger Zebra is there bigger yes. I got an idea for instead of like Evan one Duncan donut. I have two crispy creams. How's that? No, you're right back. Yeah Danny donuts in dear field beach. Okay. Let's put that on the polyester. I mean let's pretend we did. Oh look at that. That's six hundred votes already. Yeah Oh, this is bad Boston nine former students of the Boston school for the defile lawsuit today. Allegedly were raped and beat beaten by Nuns at the now-to-funct school. Dan knows nuns miserable penguins The plaintiff's name did at least 15 nuns in the lawsuit along with a priest to remember in Charles Day Murphy How come everybody in Boston's name Murphy to the rest night and the schools at Lerick instructor Gary Gedney according to the returny Mitchell Gargara Bdion The alleged victim is 316 men were between the ages of 7 and 16 when they claimed they were sexually and physically abused between 1944 and 77 the Boston school for the def in Randolph was operated by the church before a close more than a decade ago There are all speech impaired hearing impurities of your obedient represents a total of 31 former students at the school Express to found more lawsuits alleging abuse there instead of receiving an education they received beatings and sexually abusive actions This seems to be part of the American psyche donut Well procedural abuse are here Senator Ted has evidently approved these kinds I don't know any detail sir, but those that he there is a list that he has approved he has approved what about on a rock Has he approved assigning off an harsh a method to interrogation? He had have a drink over Anyway, red cross was told abuse was part of the process According to Reuters The red cross saw U.S. troops keeping Iraqi prisoners naked for days in darkness if the elbow graved you on October was told by the intelligence officer in charge it was part of the process a leaked report said yesterday a lot of leaks going on you know Lobble leaks score short The international committee of the red cross also described where there's troops forcing Iraqi detainees to kneel and stopping on their next in an incident in which one prisoner died Yeah, kneel down let me stop on your neck and in the one guy Yeah, he does just blowing off steam Yeah, it's a paternity a prank that's off and they should have attacked us and when I'm here in some of the comments that these Right wing shmeng shmeng recalls are making it just it's just unbelievable I mean one thing to know how dumb so many the American people are but don't you really find out when you really get down to the old nitty gritty? It's pretty yeah The rhymes with both of those the red cross said it repeatedly alerted U.S. let I can patient authorities to practice as it described as serious violations of international humanitarian law and in some cases tantamount to torture It can from the confidential February 4th report which appeared on the Wall Street Journal website Monday was genuine The 24-page report concluded that persons deprived their liberty face the risk of being subjected to a process of physical and psychological coercion in some cases tantamount to torture in the early stages of the internment process During a visit to Abogreebe and now it's interesting there's done as spell as dherons probably a typo I and October Red Cross delegates witnessed the practice of keeping persons deprived their liberty completely naked and totally empty concrete cells and internal darkness to be port said upon witnessing such cases the ICRC interrupted its visits and requested an explanation from the authorities the military intelligence officer In charge of the interrogation explained that this practice was part of the process It was SOP It said in my prisoners who were being held naked and complete darkness others have been held naked and were allowed to Dress but given only women's underwear The Red Cross's visit to two months before pictures were taken to be as troops of easing prisoners which later led to criminal charges against seven soldiers and on and on a course They knew about this for about a year They were talking about an NPR yesterday in this morning Say and see we told you yeah, and nobody was listening because there were no pictures That business about a picture's worth of thousand words or a million words or whatever else that is absolutely correct Because that's that's why I we got this whole thing going on right now There would be no investigation there will be no hearings there will be no national teeth there would be no nothing Do I think we'll be going on to be a lot more rapes and a lot more sadistic and sexually abusive crap Love more these so called fraternity prank rush I mean how could anybody How can you have any credibility when you're a pill pop and phony a while lines son of a bitch? How can you possibly have any credibility? When your audience is done with and dirt good golly mismanaged Don't do no rush whatever you say rush well rush that is a rush that day Me By the way you got will most number let's beat down all operate with the same rules of a terror only speak for the last inside of your rock Sir you're gonna provide those rules I can do that Let me just ask you a finally It need me just like hearing him speak you know, I just yeah, and with all his heavy baggage and his heavy jowls It just It gives me like the tiniest little ray of hope, you know the fact that he's still alive Conclusion in your testimony. You know, I'll say I like ways as chauda. Yeah 19 to 11 at 560 QA QA kardeş God That did throw Да boxer shorts this screws are bark and red with some days Our money. And who don't you? I'm gonna tell you what you are into the last name. You're the first in bed and you're the water. In the compound. No way, Bill. Just wait, Bill. Excellent. You're rich. And if I'll fool you, they like this one naked. Well, you're gonna be Smith and Ted Kennedy in. The lunches, ex-foot adventure of R2, the next genitalia. Excellent. I'm an expert in the community. You. We're gonna show you an actual one. That's what happens when you're out of practice. I dig where supporters act here. Well, I don't think you can say prune tank, can you? No, no prudes. I see. Especially on South Florida, man. I get a runner riot when you say the prunes are out. 1046 at 560 WCQN, 275,000 signatures on care-partitium-roms-feld-or-resign. Oh, right. Nice going, John. Some 275,000 people aside of petition laws by Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry calling for US defense secretary, Dom. Rummy Rumsfeld, a resign. Over to Iraqi prisoner of use scandal is campaigned to record said. Mary Beth Kiel and the statement said Americans want accountability and responsibility at the highest levels of our government, calls of multiply from sold to resign after those images of Iraqi prisoners being satimize to be used, etc. All of these things by US personnel at Abu Graib were made public. Yadi, yadi, yadi. Kerry is also a question Bush's right to lead the wake of the scandal. Well, now he's getting pretty forceful, isn't he? Yeah, he's really piling on, man. He's come out with a heavy duty stuff. You just wait. You ain't seen nothing yet. He's a slow starter, but a strong finisher. Look at all I'm primer, his man. He came from out of nowhere. And he bulled those them all. Don't ask me, huh? How do you grade John Kerry's campaign so far? That's our first pull, quite you've only got to 11 o'clock on this one. And then we get to the 80 million dollar question. You won't be able to answer. 272 votes. Fairs campaign as fear, but needs to be strong or 75. It's weak. 66, say it's weak. That's what I said. weak. What campaign? 57. That's what I said. Not great, but better than Bush, 49. Good. He makes sense to me 20. Excellent. He's a shoe in five. Five people have obviously been doing heavy heavy duty drugs. Maybe with rush. How about you, QA and hello? Neil? Yes sir. How are you today? I'm great. How are you today sir? Good. Neil, thank you for asking. Hey Neil, I got a question for you. The only thing I haven't heard about, I've been keeping up with this. And maybe I'm just, you know, on any of you, like everybody else. I'll talk about it first, right? Exactly. The prisoners that they have, and I'm not pre-qualifiedness, because what's going on is just a trotist. But what were these people in prison for? It just, just grabbed me. For a while? No, no, not for how long. But what did they, what weren't to them going to prison? Were these people, they were, they were picked up for whatever reason, just our material, the street, and look away, they're looking for something. Yeah, they were rounded up for questioning. And 90% of, uh, we didn't do nothing. Okay, because I didn't know, I didn't, you know, not knowing what's going on over there was foreign. I don't think there are government knows what's going on over there. But it's not. It's not all part of the great planning, the post-Victory planning, that the Bush administration failed to think about. Right. I know these were people that had killed American soldiers or their different levels of, oh, no. Oh, I, I got you. All right. You wouldn't answer my question there, sir. And you'll talk to later. Okay. And just don't, you know, don't look in front of any angry soldiers out there in the street corners. Okay. When they start taking to the street corners. When we have martial law in a few months. And of course, what's we have martial law that we won't have any. Election when we go, I'm sorry. We can't. If those are cold results start looking really bad, then probably we have to call the whole thing off. Right. And then of course, we got eight years for jab and eight years for George Peabush. And of course, like the president said, who cares what this all comes out to anyway? Because by the time it all finishes up, it all will be dead anyway. Right. History. Right. We don't care about no history because we'll all be dead anyway. Now, how could a morning in Christian who's a real believer say some crap like that? See, I don't I don't care what anybody says. And I realize he's done more than a box of rocks. But the fact that him had to is I still think that the first of all, he don't even go to church on Sunday. He and Laura, I don't even go to church most of the time. How about kind of religion is to start those. Oh, part time. Yeah. Part time at best. I think the word you're looking for is erasads. They're weather Christian. I think this whole thing is just to make. In fact, how many X drunks and drug addicts and X. I can't even use that word anymore. X, do do bags. You find all of a sudden, you know, they start drinking their diet coke and all of a They turn to God and they get off the booze and 99% of them are full of crap. Maybe that cow called back in again about AA and the 12 steps. Five six or that guy really, him and I that one really frosted my ass that day. Oh, the most important people in history, they got people at the end of the year. How can you not put them on there? What was the guy's name Bill? Bill? No. Huh? I don't know. Bill something or rather? Bill Stedman. Bill, uh, fly sure. Bill, uh, Schwartz. I don't know. I'm not a 12 stepper. WQ, I go stepper. You're better practice. WQ and hello. I got a deal. Yes sir. Hey, what I want to know is where is Congress? You know what this was clippin in there. They would be stringing him up from the capital. They're holding hearings right now. Sir, they're putting out a dog and pony show for it. Turn on your D.V. You know, I'm a little bit of all members in the subject of the pictures. It's been raised and I'd like to address that. This is the fact that we're the bird box. We're talking about a hundred or more. This is like a bird indicated. It's willing this to cooperate every way to provide these pictures to the children. This kind of arms. This is good. We want to see the current to me in my pasties chairman that this issue was a Senate institutional issue. We're talking about a lot of things. We're talking about a lot of things. We're talking about a lot of things. We're talking about a lot of things. We're talking about a lot of things. We're talking about a lot of things. We're talking about a lot of things. We're talking about a lot of things. We're talking about a lot of things. We're talking about a lot of things. We're talking about a lot of things. We're talking about a lot of things. We're talking about a lot of things. I leaked this to you before the show today. I leaked it. The top officials will fake degrees. I don't want to reduce you confidence in government folks because there's more important things in life. You know, like having a good time, good food, getting laid once in a while. Things like that. But they are safety engineers, a nuclear power plant and biological weapons experts. They work at NATO headquarters at the Pentagon and nearly every other federal agency. And as CBS News correspondent Vince Gonzalez reports, they're employees with degrees from phony schools. All right. Yeah. How do you like that? These degrees aren't worth the paper. They're printed on says one inside. Who's on CBS News to predict is I didn't. Because he wants to stay alive. And speaking of that, general major general with the group of here was on your screen right now. If you're watching, he better watch himself because they don't. They're already pissed off at him. You hear those rumbling and rumbling? They don't like the whistle most. He was sent into Brai, no less. But one character and value. Ever see him together with Don I miss? It's the description. He puts the glasses on, puts on a white hair wig. That's Don I miss. Anyway, the man worked at a so-called diploma mill where students pay a lot of money to get a degree online or through the mail for a little or no work. He says he's not surprised to know that there are people working in almost every level of government who have degrees from these types of operations. For example, a system secretary of defense Charles Abel has a master's from Columbus University, and the diploma mill who is the Anna shut down. Deputy Assistant Secretary Patricia Walker, list among her degrees, a bachelor's degree from Pacific Western, at a diploma mill abandoned Oregon under investigation currently in Hawaii. This is beautiful. CBS News requested interviews with both officials, the Pentagon turned us down saying, we don't consider it an issue. But using such a degree is a crime in some states. Alan Contreras cracks down under diploma mills for Oregon, a state that's taken lead on this issue. You don't want somebody with a fake degree working in Homeland Security's as conferrest. You don't want somebody with a fake degree teaching your children, but designing your bridges. But we found employees with a diploma mill degrees at the new transportation security administration, lead defense intelligence agency, and the departments of Treasury and Education were in a drew-in since in an advisory committee. He has degrees from two to plummills including Kensington University. Kensington was forced out of business by officials in California and Hawaii, another Kensington alum, Florida State Representative Jennifer Carroll, just stepped down from the National Commission on Presidential Scholars. Both Carol and Druon said they worked hard and thought their degrees were legitimate. The students are being sold a bill of goods that we need to help them at all the inside. They say, there's slick people out there attempting every day every minute, probably somewhere in America, and taxpayers have paid for bogus degrees, some workers used for hiring promotions and raises. And that's great. Wonder Bartle. All these great scholars who got their, uh, a lot of degrees from the University of Hardnox. Kmart. Right. Walmart vending machine. Home Depot. Office Depot. Publics. Windixie. Radio Shack. Et cetera. Oh, wait till we get to the CFCC stuff though. The one story of man. The Rush story. No, but no. The Rush. Yeah. And of course, the show in house. Psychic I am again. I had that dream to. I'd to go. This is a true story. You had a dream. I had a dream. The O'Rages King Jr. And in my dream. King. I saw the I saw this image of doing a show. And in front of me was this long table. All across this big wide room. And at the table we're sitting like dozens. Not one or two. Not a whole not like, you know, back in the days when we had throughout. And we had like three or four people sitting there with a button. Which still didn't do any good. By the way, guys, pretty weak job. But anyway, all these punks who sit at this table. And I air each and everyone has got nothing in front of me except a square yellow button, which is our dump button to dump crap that's not supposed to be on here. Like I had a dump that I did dump it. I don't know if you did or not. Yeah. No, you did. I did. Although because they said prune tang without the R. I, I, I, that's not on a list. But anyway, and so I had this dream that all these people are sitting at this table with a dump on the front of them and now low and behold, it looks like it's, uh, it'd be happening. What's where you place it in a vacuum way, yeah. So that's the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. He's back in jail. Recinging his classic hit scores, latest release. It's Glen Campbell, live from the Parico Bittu. Amen, old drug cowboy. We're not catching the minds that start weaving all over the road. But at the time I found my penis. I'll be sober. I am the twos. I have a stomach. His name is Jerome. I have his stone on the double skull. Don't panic, just raps. Pop, cut, cut, keep going. My green on. Lovely. Oh well, what? I thought we were losing you like yesterday. No, not really. You almost were. Almost were the table on that one. See if Josh and Doug there were get their job done in coming in and review these 55,000 bits we've got. I mean, that was very amusing. Come on, Brian. Just a couple of those I can handle. Okay, but just a barrage. They were all raised braised by the way folks. A couple of blueberries, a couple of raised braised. And I think a couple of her poison berries. If you ask me, wow, it's okay. I thought I thought Dingleberry too. Shibuya. There you go. Wow. Here's the final result on it first pull. How do you grade John Kerry's campaign so far? Fair needs to be stronger 101. Week 84. Week. What campaign 74? Not great. Poverty than Boe 61. Good. He makes sense to me. 22. And excellent. He's a shoe in six. Out of 348 votes. That sounded too good. Like only 7.1% say good or excellent. And the rest of them say, let's get going. Let's get going. What do you want to go on here, man? I think the cops suggest this and they've the cop really desperately needs a rest. I have no life. Go on and arrest him evildoers. Will ya? Care reminds me of a boxer who's giving away round after round waiting for his opponent to tire. He says, only problem is by the time the 12th round gets here election day. Care will need a knockout to win. And it seems to though he lacks the punch says Dave the cop. I think that's not too bad. A pretty good analization. We hope that's wrong of course, but nevertheless. Now I think the fact that I played that we had a little bit of defugling there. I think that was an act of God. Because it leads into the cell of these other stories now. Right. Adding an additional safeguard against anything actionable and decent getting out on the year and a strong casting. Pancetai released two parallels to augment existing in these and see protections. So usually to see me, I was person every button on this board here and just to add the picture of my own total panic. What you stop blowing those things. I mean, I know there just raspberries and cranberries. Okay, I do like cranberries. Jesus, Brian, enough of that crap. I mean, well, no hires have been made by MS and this is the MS. The company is looking to add parallels in Chicago for mancows morning, manhouse, and WKQX and insane Lewis, perhaps for the Howard Stern Show, which is carried by KPNT. We already have a layer or two. This would be a backup system and added measure MS. Yeah, we could have a table. We got 50 people sitting at the table on that Ryan Stone cowboy bit. What had done no good. Thank God it was only strawberries. Right. This would be a backup system and added measure. MS. Folks will not hate healy tells FMQB. What is that FMQB? What does that stand for? Sir in a quarterback. Right. Oh, no, it's an industry. I should know that. I never really opinion it saying, well, whatever it is, it's another industry thing. MS has 28,000 dollars in pending indecency fines for a series of three year old mancow broadcast. The extra layer would augment existing percussive by giving a person with a legal background access to the dump button. Company president Jeff Smolian says the company is taking the additional measure to err on the side of caution. If you're asking if there's been an overcast in the part of broadcast today, I think the answer is, yes. The New York Times quote Smolian is saying, if anyone is going to err on the side of caution, there's too much it's stake. People are just not sure what the standards really are. No schmets, we'd hard. Nobody's got any idea what the standards are. I'll be fine. Here's our second poll. And this is almost amusing. Sad amusing. Who is the most honest politician in the USA? All right. Short list. Well, I put you to Bush. I mean, the Bush people probably will say, oh, yeah, he would never never stole a freight train. And also they're all crooks. I don't have any other names on the list. I want to put a hooyeon. Who? Howard Dean. How are we? How are we Dean? My buddy. How are we doing? How are we doing? How are we doing? Screaming. So Howard Dean. No, that's what we are. I guess we'll put John McCain on there too, okay? Why not? People like John McCain never stole a freight train plus he's got that thing on the side of his face. So that's it. Who's the most honest politician he was say? Think about that for a while. I'll finish this story. As almost anyone in radio can attest uncertainty about exactly where the line is currently position as we've told him extreme measures in Emmys' home town of Indianapolis, W.I.B.C.A.M. edited Rush Limbaugh 11 times on March 3rd that they after the company Institute of the Zero Tolerance Policy for words like, you're an eight, damn and orgy. The times also reports the W.A.B.C.A. New York edited the word parachute after one of its personalities missed pronounced the last syllable of the word. Meanwhile, Stuart Epperson co-founder of Conservative Christian broadcasting, say I'm communication is come out against legislation that would regulate broadcast content. While a person is certainly not a Howard Stern fan, he worries that proposed in the CDC legislation would have unintended consequences. Mark my words, however, if in pending government action can cause Howard Stern to be taken off the air, imagine a bill that would give the FCC power to so regulate content that after three fines for violating the standard set by Fee at a station to lose its license. He said in a commentary published by Washington Dispatch. Epperson isn't worried about what a commission dominated by reasonable people might do instead. He imagines a hypothetical where a newly elected president Hillary Rodham Clinton appoints radical liberals to the FCC. Armed with license replication powers for obscene content, these commissioners determine that conservative use constitute hate speech which they usually do, of course, and hate speech is obscene. In Epperson's what if scenario the commission declares that comments against gay marriage constitute discriminatory hate speech? Armed with that sort of ammunition, the FCC would have no problem finding the excuse for shutting down those voices that broadcast what they would call homophobic use he said. So in kind of a cock-eyed half-assed away, like I said, you heard what I said? The committee don't go off-hand but ask. No more that. That was quite an exercise. I could only find it. I'm just mad. Oh, everything I can find here. Just praying that he stops making those raspberry sounds away. Jesus, glad my God. That's okay. For some reason, that sound is okay. And even that sound, that one's okay. Oh, there's a little one's man. In fact, what happens is every ten-to-some that slips out there, that muff and clerics have to come stand by the doorway there and sniff the ear just to make sure it was only raspberry or some other fruit. And believe me, the two of them, they know their fruit. Jacques Steinberg in the New York Times writes, The reverberations from this year's Fiasco of a Super Bowl half-time show are reaching every corner of the broadcasting world, and not even the viewers of Masterpiece Theatre are immune. Ready for that? Okay. The producers of Masterpiece Theatre, in ten-on-stang in the good graces of an FCC increasingly vigilant for instances of indecency, took a step last month and ever had before. They chose not to make available to PBS member stations and un-experated version of the critically acclaimed British series prom suspect and sent out instead to edit versions, one with all the salty language edited, and another with only some of the possibly offending words excised. Taking similar cues from regulators and Indianapolis radio station pre-empted words like urinate, Danner and I just read that, verse number. And classic rock radio stations have held compelled a prudent or playlist, striking songs like Elton John's The Bitches Back, and Bitch by the Rolling Stones. How do you like that? All of a sudden they're eliminating Bitch. Well guess what, on this show, we still say Bitch. Television radio broadcasts are said they have little choice but to practice a form of self-sensorship, swinging the pendulum of what they consider acceptable in direction of extreme caution. In other words, they're peeing in their pants. Can we say that? Oh. A series of recent decisions by the FCC as well as bills in Congress have put them on notice that even the unintentional broadcast is something that could be considered in decent or obscene could result in stiffer fines even provocation of their license. So quote all that raspberry stuff. Okay, Brian, you idiot, you maniac, you lunatic. Now let's see who am I going to vote for on this thing? I'm going to vote for there. Now how come we don't have on there the raw crooks? Uh-oh. Where do I see that? Where's my choice? Josh? He's uh. It's coming. The operator. Who is the most honest but still a pop politician in the USA? Are they interrupted the hearings there? What's that? They go out for a peep break or something? What's that? Huh? Or they have to get the spots in. Let me tell you where the BBC and Sift it. Oh, and they're commenting. See, is a ramping up of the sort of level of control in Chetchen attempt to impose that? I'm talking about Chetchen in where they had that unfortunate issue and do over the weekend. A little bit of a problem there. 560, 50560, on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. Let's be patriotic baby. Let's get a list of 600 great USA politicians here today just to prove to the world how honest we all are. And what great leaders we have. Uh-oh. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Jim Jefer. Jim Jefer? Yeah. The senator from Vermont to uh, went over and turned over to him. Yeah. And then. Right. I know who he is. He's killing you. He's not enough to see where was coming and happening. At least to me. That's a monocity. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pali. Have a great day. Jim Jefer. J.E. F.F. ORDS. Got it? Got it. Now let me hope real quick here. They're all crooks. Hey, I still don't see it on there yet. So what's going on here, J. It's on there. If you quitting and then damn duck and donuts, refresh it. Yeah, it's refreshing in there. Mile two. Okay. They're all crooks. That's what I'm voting for right now. Don't give me any balloony about that. Well, I'll let somebody else put them on there. Ted Kennedy. Right. Honest. He killed that Maria Joe, Coppecti man. Chaffa, I don't care. Now that's all water under the bridge. And she's in the water under the bridge. Right. WQAM. Hello. Speaking. Red of Jones. Oh, I'm here. Okay. WQAM. Hello. You won't make it different. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. WQAM. Ola. All right. Yes, sir. Speaking of a cock-eyed and half-assed. Yeah. Oh, am I talking to Neil? Yes, sir. Oh. You got 140,000 US troops over in Iraq between the age of 18 and 21 or 25, whatever. Yeah. Which probably means you need about three to 500,000 orgasms a week. Keep them going. They are in a Muslim country that has practically no hookers. I'm surprised that they're not playing naked, leave Prague all over the place over there. Maybe they are. I think those pictures are coming out Thursday. They're just keeping this one. Yeah. Those pictures are coming out Thursday. I didn't make it over. Yeah. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. I'm not a senator from Washington. Jeffrey Jefferson, Jefferson. I beg your pardon. That's a hundred of a kind of over the humble chicken market. Yeah. Oh, yeah. That one. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got to tell you. The only answer I hope you didn't vote yet, but Dad thought what this one. You want an honest one to find a dead one. Okay. I'll get you that impression. 560, 560. 560, I see they're trying to prove to me that I was wrong yesterday. Another video. WQAM. Hello. Hey, nittiful. Yeah. I almost had one, but you're just pushed to button. Funny without my money. Okay. 560, 560, pound 560, see I told you they want a list that actually you have some possibilities to put on there. So I'm really confounding them for the second day in a row. Let's go back to the donut pool. Okay. They were doing real good on that one. Don't say anything. They can really like I said. Sikthar teeth into the donut hole. 1114 at 560 WQAM is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost. Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business. Pay rule administration. Fortune 500 company employee benefits. Human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable for you. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free valuation at 186 at Oasis. That's 186 to 86747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management. Autourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice. Which lets you focus on your core business. While even the operational details to Oasis outsourcing. So let our friends at Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for free of valuation called toll free. 186 at Oasis. That's 186 to 86747 for Oasis outsourcing. LINE IN LOCO. We are Sports Radio 560s, UAEM. We are Sports Radio 560s, UAEM. We are Sports Radio 560s, UAEM. We are Sports Radio 560s, UAEM. We are Sports Radio 560s, UAEM. We are Sports Radio 560s, UAEM. We are Sports Radio 560s, UAEM. We are Sports Radio 560s, UAEM. We are Sports Radio 560s, UAEM. We are Sports Radio 560s, UAEM. We are Sports Radio 560s, UAEM. We are Sports Radio 560s, UAEM. We are Sports Radio 560s, UAEM. We are Sports Radio 560s, UAEM. We are Sports Radio 560s, UAEM. We are kiş는데 fighters wrestling, swag fight, wow. Let's check you into their meetings, P加油 Championship team, GO! Hocrates come together, to the talked with them. Tats are Hunter, No thanks. No thank you. He had his chance. See, honest that that doesn't necessarily mean good. Right. See what I'm saying? Everybody likes a good crook if the crook is on your side. It's like when Tamony Hall was running New York State or when original Dick Daily was running Chicago. Everybody knew they were crooks but they were crooks who were on your side. Did it stuff for your, you know, for you's. You and that's what people want. Military newspaper claims rum spell in Myers for professional negligence. A leading military newspaper said that U.S. defense to a secretary Donald rum spell set the tone for prisoner of U.S. scandal and Iraq by refusing to give captives rights due prisoners of war to the Geneva conventions. This was a failure that ran straight to the top said the editorial appearing in the May 17 edition of the Military Times Weekly's. Accountability here is essential even if that means relieving top leaders from duty in the time of war it said, owned by Gennett. The military times publishes the Army Navy in Air Force times the wicklies that are widely read by service members and distributed on U.S. military bases around the world. The editorial said the soldiers caught on photographs and videos of using prisoners at the Ambo Grey Prisoner refered to around the Pentagon as the six morons who lost the war. But the folks in the Pentagon are talking about the wrong morons it said, which responsibility it said extends all the way up to chain and commanded the highest reaches of the military hierarchy in its civilian leadership. The entire affair is a fatal leadership from start to finish it said defense secretary Rumsfeld said the tone early in this war by steadfastly refusing to give captives the rights according to prisoners of war under the gym as Geneva convention it said. From the moment their captured prisoners are hooded shackled and recorded no rights whatsoever to the troops is anything goes. The editorial also fought a false general Richard Meyers the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff for trying to persuade CBS television to refrain from airing the images while failing to read the army's own damning internal report detailing the abuses. On the battlefield, Myers and Rumsfeld areas would be called a lack of situational awareness a figure that amounts to a professional negligence it said. They both got to go as well as they said the military newspapers. How do you like that? Yeah. That's a some colleague Pico at the New York Times that a Washington Post. 560560. This should be fun like I said I knew we would have too many names on the list or too many votes. Who's the most honest politician in the USA? They're all crooks 35 John McCain's got a dozen donuts. Howard Dean in fact probably has got one of the shoved in his cheek there. He's probably had to donut in there. Yeah come on let's see it. How about you to quit the cream? Howard Dean's got three George W. Bush to Jimmy Carter one and Jim Jeffords has got the big. Oh! None out of first first 53. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line. W. D. Q. A. Hello. Hey Neil let me ask you something what's the deal with the FCC in these fines? I turned on my radio about 10 to 11 last night and I'm starting to go up the dial on the FM. And early in the dial there's a there's a rat station on there. Yeah. Point the F word M. F word. The F word. Right. I mean it was like the musical version of Glenn Terry Quinn Ross. And how come there's nothing with it? Yeah. Good question. Probably pirate station though. No. Oh, no that's not true at all. No this caller is right. caller's absolute correct. All kinds of records being played including some I'd rather want to say it. But in the market that have everywhere that's ever been invented but that's that's a different story. Because if he's nobody is complaining about that. See one thing people don't understand. The FCC only responds to complaints and there only a certain number of professional complainers who may who have no life at all. I have no life who make a living out of complaining against things that they find offensive to sexual repugnant somebody's moral crusaders. Well, they're certainly not listening to whatever he was listening to. So I'm saying right. So I'll be better. But never the less. Maybe they better start. It's just like the thing with a Spanish language radio stations which now they're finally. Oh, well, we're going to start monitoring that and this is we figure out what they're saying. It had what they mean. Yeah. Who could have ever believed that this really could happen that we could get to this point where we're at today? Even when it first started, you know, it started at one point after the booby thing of the Super Bowl. And then it just kept they just kept embellishing it and embellishing it and broadening it and finding it and finding it. And find a guy to the point where you can't play anything. I mean, a clean camel thing is about his innocuous as it gets it. I'm sitting in your scrambling and reaching and just like, Yeah, what am I doing, you know, because I'm hit with a barrage of raspberries there. Stuff that we've been playing on here for years from a 30 years. Oh, no, you can't do that anymore because that's offensive. It's patently this is something and like I've said before, where is John Kerry? Where is anybody? Anybody? To come to the rescue of the industry and I will say this because I haven't talked about it yesterday or today. And I should have probably emailed you when I was in Europe because I spotted it or it helps the homepage. Did you talk about it all? Did you check it out? What? What? We made a link. I had Eric put a link on here. It's Jacob's broadcast. He was started to create a place for people to go. Which is probably going to be called Save Radio now. I thought you did use a narrative that link? Yes, because I thought I did. Well, maybe we both did. Right. You did? I thought I did. No, you did. I did. But I didn't talk about it. Save Radio now.org. It's about free speech. Good website. What you can do email aside to a friend, a contribute to Yadiyani. Letters to your FCC. Letters to your representative. You're certainly a lot more organized and a lot more responsible because we at least know who's behind it. No, I didn't talk about it because God forbid that we should do anything like that. Like we'll tell anyone to act. I only mentioned it in passing. Okay. I'm not going to see if we go through a big song events. Like I got sucked into that stupid business with stop FCC dot com. And I noticed Scott. Well, I'm sure he's not listening anymore. But I noticed Scott there in New York, Mr. Anonymous is still stuck at about $195,000 signatures. And it's about down to about $5,600 a day. Because he had more signatures than we had dollars. And he was, I mean, come on, cut the crap. Cut the baloney. This whole ego thing. Talking about freedom and speech, and we got people worried about their egos. Some of my websites better than yours is my, you know, all those other criminal. My petitions are better than yours are. Like a bunch of overgrown children. Bob Graham. Somebody facts, but if I facts it to you, you won't be able to read it. Well, so I can't we just put that on there. So I need the facts. Bob Graham. No. I like Bob Graham. A lot. Just like Dennis facinates too honest to be taken seriously. All the Bob Graham's least got better here. Not much better, but a little bit. Well, he's got real here. Oh, did you see Cassetta's yesterday's got like they did something with his hearing? Got to do. Like, did we? Can we dangerous now? I'll take the sentence right now. Yeah. Turn that little bastard loose man. Everything he says. He doesn't pull any punches. He doesn't equivocated. He doesn't waffle. He's not afraid to tell like it is. And, of course, his wife doesn't have a Chinaman's chance in hell. No chance. Bob Graham, so let's put him on their Dennis Cassinuts. Why not? You know how to spell that Josh? Can you handle it? Yeah. You sure now. He'll Google it. Yeah, Google this. That 26-pant passed 11. And 560WQMADdog at 2. The hump or the Hebrew hammer at 4. From these 7 holes in Hollywood. Wow. Wow. Probably the youngest guy there. We got the crow at 7 o'clock. Just half hour. That's more than enough for the crow 7 to 730. As a little warm for the baseball game tonight. Marlon's on deck at 730 and then at 805. The Marlon's at the Houston Astros. It he came follows the baseball game. And then after that it's unfortunate. 27 after 11 a QAM. Vroom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV. Vroom has got over 35 channels of HD programming. That's three times more than anybody else anywhere. Vroom has exclusive HD channels of movies. Sports, music and news not available on cable or satellite. Vroom has your favorite cable network like MTV, ESPN CNN. And Vroom's got your favorite local channels both in high definition and standard definition too. Vroom's got over 100 channels of great and entertainment waiting for you. And the best part of the deal is they deliver the best picture available anywhere on earth. You could almost stick your head right in there and smack Rick Sanchez in the mouth. For more details called toll-free 1-866-848-8686 or visit Vroom.com for limited time off of the give you free installation no upfront cost no long-term commitment. What's not to like. So better get home in the software and it's May 31. Call them today toll-free 1-866-848-8666. I'm my wife and mom. This is 4.3056. The way that you lay in. That's my junior holiday. This week, gun-in-me-seem! The friend's episodes too hot for television. I'm very happy we're gonna have all the sex. That sounds interesting. Well, I've never done that with you before. Don't be a while at caress my butt! Let's stop! One thing like another and... Oh, before you know it, we were kissing. Can't believe I'm kissing you. I know. Oh, hey, hey, so it's side of it. Patrick is about to have a... Oh my god! Oh, my god! Oh, my god! Oh, my god! It's like there are five... Friends, too hot for television. Do it now, do it, do it! Do it now! Well, now I'm hot. Thank you for that, and thank you for that. Well, this is great. I'll give you a call. We should do it again sometime. I don't care what society says. It's the best sex I've ever had. We've never... Ah! 1132-282-0-560-WQM-Happy Tuesday today. Here's a friends unsensored in this week's national inquire. Behind-the-scenes secrets, gay sex shockers, bitter fused, lust, and affairs. Oh, my god! How do you like that? Well, go on. Oh, my god. Maybe not. All right. Come on. Let's see, here's a fan-spir-pull. Oh, yeah, I like him. Charles Rangel, Democratic New York, and I know Brother's D.P. You don't have to be a brother like Charlie Rangel. He's got a big mouth and he's got the balls to back it up. Charlie Rangel. Not it? R-A-N-G-E-L. Got it, Josh? Got it. Excellent job, okay. Do we have Ted Kennedy on there? I mean, all he did was kill that woman. What about Hillary Clinton? We want to put... We don't want to put... Put anybody on there? I don't care. I mean, I'll be all bubble-eyed about what was the little sexual scapator two or three, you know? A shocking new lawsuit lodges against friends charges. There's a hidden dark side to TV's most beloved show. And the national inquire investigation is listed. The veil on the sitcoms never before revealed secrets. Oh my God. While the talented cast has earned its reputation as one of the most tight knit on TV, its tenure history has been an emotional rollercoaster rather than includes moments of great compassion and bitter hatred. Aaaaaaah! Like South Florida. For the first time in exclude an exhaustive inquire or probis turned a spotlight on the program to be Heinz-Een's drama and uncovered gay sex scandals in tense feuding outrageous betrayal, passion and affairs and even surprising hatred of guest stars. But we also discovered the genuine friendship that's given the show its tremendous warmth. The lawsuit filed in LA by the writer's assistant, Amani Lyle, who claimed sexual harassment, has dealt a devastating blow to the end of the hellowed sitcom, which should have been a sentimental finale is turned into a bitter swan song, the cast incurred devastated by this filing confided a friend's insider. The suit which initially was filed in 2000 had been thrown out by a judge, but the last two weeks before the show's blockbuster finale, and appeals court reinstated portions of Amani's claim. In its e-charge of certain members of the writing staff made sick, obscene cracks about Courtney Cox's sex life, openly fantasized about having kinky relations with Jennifer Anderson, conjectured about the star's private lives and graphic detail, and even speculated that David Schwimmer was gay. Yeah, and it got mad, I don't really even want to read the rest of it, just because I don't care. I don't watch the show number one, didn't watch it. Also talks about Christian Slater, which is going to make you very upset. Oh yeah. I mean, during the second season, Courtney Cox was a source of ill-will when she started buying it of the then-bent boyfriend, Christian Slater's suggestion that she was too good for a sitcom, for increasingly devolight demands included, crowing to any cast and crew member who would listen about how she made friends the success that it was. Then one day, Marlow Thomas guestaring his Rachel's mom, and sensing an all-out war was imminent, pulled Courtney aside and talked some sense to her, but no sooner had Marlow sued the Bruce Egos, Greer, agreed, where it's ugly head. The cast had agreed to film die cocaids in 1996, each purse former Greer to $100,000 fee, but in the last month, the trailer of trust that he was almost blown, Schroemer demanded more money according to the set source, tensions were running so high that Schroemer almost came to blows with the other two guys. Well, we don't want to go there. I think Joey could have kicked his ass. Who is the most honest politician in the U.S.A.? That's our second pull question today. 10029 votes. They're a little bit, you know, stand offage on this one as we can more than understand. They're all crooks, 57. Jimmy Carter, 26, John McCain, 23, Bobby Graham, seven, Howard Deen's got seven. Any percentage five, George W. Bush has got four, how did you get that as, man? Jim Jefferson and Charlie Rangle have the big loan yet, but we're working on it. We're working on it for you. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line, W.C. way and hello. Yes, sir, okay? Two quick little things. First up, 10 in teller, I'm a show on and show time wherever, but they didn't expose the Bible. You need to watch it. It was hilarious. Yeah, I heard about that. That's ancient. Okay, it was just not wrong for Gailing. Just so you know, the Pentagon heads, they were appointed by Bush mainly because they are a bunch of political bootletters. They're not fighting generals or that sort of built. They're a bunch of politicians and beautiful. And that's why Bush. Chicken ox. And so they were expected because they wanted it. And so now, somebody like the summer army chief of staff who had the colony to sit there and say, you know, we're going to need a lot more men or a lot. Right. You wanted a bunch of people that were going to be able to get them. So now we're all suffering because of that. And with your chance, Foxy, 10 teller, they please do. Okay, God bless you. All right, they did. Thank you. I'll pray for you, Pally. Damn God. Right. Let me say again, religion is the poison that the world suffers from today and has throughout history and will always until they blow it up. Always will. Poison. Hate Christians killing the Muslims over there in Asia right now. No matter where you look, they're at it big time. And of course, that road map we had a little bump under again. Yes, they forced you a positive. Oh, yeah. The poor pets probably not too pleased about that. Now the quintet, when they get around to it. And then the sex test. Oh, I can say that. Line nine, WQM hello. Hey, you're not doing the chase. Pretty, yes, sir. Actually, I was, I started my post gestion out. I was just, I downloaded the speech from the, from the first, the 10, they came back and gave their response for the Democratic Party. That, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that got on my right. Like Paul Rikoff. Yeah. Really, really cool. That's my Paul. He's a, I guess you come a quasi, obviously, what would just you venture out? Yes, he venture a little bit too honest for his own good. There you go. All right, no thanks, Robert. Thanks, Paul, I have a great day. Just he venture is a good one. Right. I want to take a look at my vote. In fact, let's let's get him in there. And you nailed it to honest. Yeah, to honest for his own good. When you talk about religion being like the opiate of the masses, they, oh, my god, come on Easter. It's gradual marks or whatever, whichever marks that guy was. I had a, come on, beard. Is that, oh, yeah, I was, is Zeppo. Now, seriously, I mean, just even to read that he saw what happened. He started talent like it was a little bit too much. The two honest and then they started putting them, you know, his backup against the wall, even a big guy like him. And like, oh, well, I'm getting out of this. And I can't say that I blame him because if you tell the American public with truth first of all, they don't want to hear it number two. You're going to step on too many toes. And number three, you have to cater to your special interest. That's where Howard Dean screwed up big time. He wasn't usable enough to understand as opposed to John Kerry. Of course, we all know he's just a shield for the, you know, for all the special interest on the one side is opposed to the really grow test special interest on the other side. John Kerry brings us back to the day where he had the, you know, the two parties such as they are as opposed to Howard Dean who offered to plus an alternative like a breath of fresh air. And then we all puked on a man. We all do Howard Dean in a apology. Don't you think? Absolutely. All in a policy. Yeah. Christ. There was the man. Although, you know, he did run a pretty crappy campaign. He, he did his own thing to what a horrible criteria for all. And the worst thing of all now, the worst thing of all that was sloughing out his wife when he brought that bitch out. I mean, good God, you know, should have hired an actress. That's a wife. Man, I guarantee that some of those Iraqis over there right now have done high in his, they look better in her. When you think, what? What? Perk is all about. Burk or rhymes with a lot of things in which we start. I had several runs for my mind. Then I thought to myself, well, I can't say anyone. Twenty-till noon at five, 60, WQM, or we used to be able to really be very entertaining and amusing and say some stuff. And now we just did the best we can under very trying times. I'm going to the rest of the spirit to go rusty. And you know, sooner or later, those chickens come home to root. And there you go, see what I'm saying. Hey, you know what a man is considering a hair replacement. One thing he doesn't want to be his laugh that he has one. I'm obviously looking to think, Ronald, I was saying he certainly don't want to look like somebody we all know in the spine. Absolutely. You can always spot a bad hair system. But how many good ones go on notice? Charles Ophiery, designed and supplied hair systems. The show business celebrities for more than 35 years. He's even appeared on TV as a guest on Good Morning America. They today show on CBS Morning News. Introducing his pen to the hair system that offers you guys the most amazing natural hairline system you'll find anywhere. Now the most quickly or if any hair system is that hairline, and Charlie's news skin like hair system looks so good, it looks for real. 100% undetectable as opposed to a mouth-seable piece. And Charlie opposite this 30 day guarantee. But third man. Cry a system for a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting like clawed at and pawed at, return it for a full refund. Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems, including shampoo and shrimp. So don't delay call Charlie today and change your life forever. Call toll-free, 1-800-3-212413, a log on to that website, Charlesofferie.com. He can make you look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could, call 1-800-321-2413. From the Gulf of Maine to the Gulf of Mexico, Americans are blessed to live amid many incredible wonders of nature. And on Earth Day I was proud to announce a new goal. Major air pollution. We've made tremendous progress from generators, tractors and other diesel vehicles. My administration is building on that progress by implementing smarter ways to race sulfur from diesel fuels. And by expediting the environmental review process, the law allows us to protect more of our nation's polluted industrial sites known as Brownfields. Our new proposals build on that progress and help us advance toward our national goal. Major air pollution that crosses state borders. Thank you for listening. Thank you so much. 745-15-Golunic-560, let's see John and Tammy and Mayor Portses. Unable to get you on a phone today. Whatever happened to the capitalist donut shop in Fort Lardandell. It's called our donuts. Let's call our donuts. And then he says at the end, the Brownfield County Sheriff closed them down. It's kind of a rhetorical question I guess, John. Because the BS shut them down. Because there were some more than just donuts. Okay. Order of my email is not working or something. You ever wondered that? All the time. But I've done nothing at all today and Eric usually emails me. Did this? Did 25 stories done? Done? I don't see nothing on it all day. I'm starting to worry about that. Maybe nobody likes me no more. Which time are we to carry on? 100? Huh? We all love you. Raspberry. Oh, and speaker of that. No, I'm just wondering where I went wrong, you know. I'm under that. In jail. Receiving is classic. Go away. It's late. I'm just trying to find out. Where? Where was it at? That he started just getting out of control. Spin out the Raspberry seeds. Well, you know, Raspberry's have like little tiny seeds of getting out of the sea. I don't like Raspberry. And then of course, people start searching for those seeds. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. The most honest politician in the USA, this maybe the silliest pool I ever took and I'm proud of it. Although they don't have pool whenever big yesterday. So don't push your luck with me. They're all crooks 75. That's 42% they're all crooks. Jim, what about Bill Nelson? I see him sitting there on a committee. No? Yeah, what about him? He seems like a kind of a straight shooter. Seems good. Come on there, Josh. Good. Bill Nelson under Jimmy Carter 33 John McCain 28 George W. Bush 13. Oh my God. That is hysterical. Howard Dean 10 Bobby Graham 9 Dennis Kusenich 6. Steve and Chura's already got full when he's moving up Charlie Rangles. Like I got one, I love Charlie Rangles. And Jim Jeffords has got still the big Bill Nelson in there yet, but he will be. He'll be on her momentarily. Here's some good news. President's rating hits low all time. Says USA today. President Bush is a pro-laborating drop to the lowest of his presidency in a pool taken after a week of revelations about abusive Iraqi prisoners and questioned about whether Rummy Dada dummy Rummy should keep his job. 36% of Americans approve of Bush's job performance in the USA today. CNN Gallup will release yesterday. That's 3% is points lower than his 49% late January early March and the last week. He's dipped to an all-time low. He's reached bottom so far. Although he could still go lower. A majority said they disapproved it was handling a correct and the economy. The Bush declined, however, and see this is what's very disturbing like I said before. The Bush declined to not produce new support for Massachusetts Senator John Kerry, who fell two points in Slast week from 49 to 47% and remained in a dead heat with Bush who was steady at 48%. So if the statistic is right, even though it's within the margin of error, Bush was actually appointed Hednas' pool. Ready for that? So Bush is dropping but Kerry is dropping even more. How is that possible? Maybe that first pool we took maybe we should put that back up there again. But the donuts? Yeah, the one about the ham and cheese. The croc sandwiches. That's a good poble. Do that one tomorrow. Who's got the best croc sandwiches? I think donuts are bugger king. And the same, and they probably would like that. In the 16 states that were close in 2000, the new pool shows Bush with a 5.ageover Kerry 51 to 46% among likely voters. How do you like that? That's in the 16 states that were close. In mid-April, Bush and Kerry were tied at 49% of those states. Now Bush is open up a 5. lead. The states are Arkansas. Florida. Iowa, Maine, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Washington, and Wisconsin. Holy moly, right, man. Kerry is spending $25 million on an and campaign about his life in his record to some extent events in Iraq have overtaken the candidates. It attempts to shape voter perceptions. Few changes in pool numbers are expected until it conventions in the base that focus voter retention on the race. In other words, maybe we're jumping to gun on this. Do you think maybe nobody really cares yet? I think that is possible. I mean, I know there's a lot of morons out there. A lot of thunderheads, a lot of simple things. A lot of stupid, stupid, stupid, idiotic, dirt's butt. Is it possible to be that removed from the real world? God. Kerry Polster Mark Melman said the new pool shows Kerry gaining ground among registered voters of bigger group than likely voters. Kerry went from 47 to 50% in the week in that group, Bush went from 47 to 44. Melman said that suggested Kerry's ant campaign and events in Iraq are taking a tool on Bush. He also said the only president this far behind at this point in election year was zeroed forward. Well, of course, in 1976, lost a Jimmy Carter. How you like that? Yeah. And the worst part of that whole deal is that was right on the heels of watergate. And none of the heels of all of these horrendous things that took place. And Carter just barely wanted a very close election. Gerald Sport could have been the dumbest president of all time even until we got this one. And Carter just barely beat him. After Nixon was forced to resign after a vice president, nobody voted for who was put in there after Rockefeller, Grudeye. Gerald, excuse me, for my stupidity, and I can't walk and chew gum at the same time. Ford. And he almost damn near one. Maybe because this kid was on that soap opera, you think? Could have been. He's big in a watergate. Even though it was a little kid. I remember what a hue and pride there was. What a big scandal it was over a break in and some, right? It tapes or something like that. And just like John Dean says in his book, which I finished several days ago, this is worse than watergate. And he's absolutely correct. The only difference being that even though these hearings are being televised right now as we speak, and we're televised on Friday for hours and hours and hours. Everybody's more concerned about whether the heater going to win another damn basketball game. It's the kind of mentality you got with America right now. And by the way, what happened at the lightning last night, that was pathetic. John Zabbe now, Karl made mention this yesterday I hadn't seen it, but it's on our website now. The election is carries to lose. Right, John Zabbe, who tends to be to the left of center, to say to least. John Zabbe says, I've made a career of taking bungee jumps in my election call sometimes I haven't had on a helmet gotten a little scratch, but here's my jump for 2004. He says, John Kerry will win the election. Oh, right. That actually says. I can say it too, but then I couldn't make it happen. It's like saying, Bill McGrath is going to be Jeff Bush. I still for the life of me. I just please tell me that I just dreamed it. No. That Jeff Bush got reelected. No. It says heavy recovered from the shock is this guy. That's Kerry's performance of late has hardly been inspiring. And Paul showed that most Americans have no sense of where he really stands on the key issues that matter most of them. Regardless, I still think that it will and says, John Zabbe. If he doesn't it will be because he blew it. There are four major reasons for eye assertion. First, my most recent poll April 2015 shows bad re-election numbers for an incumbent president. Kerry is leading 47-44 in a two-way race in the candidates who tie to 45 percent in a three-way race with later. Significantly only 44 percent field the countries had in the right direction and 43 percent believe the present Bush deserves to be reelected compared with 51 percent of say it's time for somebody new. Anybody please draw a saliva line. This is what we need them. And at same poll, Kerry leads by 17 points in the blue state to the voted for Al Gore in 2000, while Bush leads only by 10 points in the red state 31 four years ago. Secondly, there are very few undecided voters for this early in the campaign. Historically, the majority of undecided's break to the challenge of against an incumbent. The reasons are not hard to understand. Voters have probably made adjustment about the better known incumbent looking for an alternative. Thirdly, the economy is still top issue for the voters. How many cited? 30 percent cited the economy, while the war in Iraq had been noticed by 11 percent as the top issue in March, it jumped to 20 percent in our April poll as Brazil of bad war newsdominated the news agenda. The third issue is the war on terrorism. Among those who cited the economy, Kerry leads Bush 54 to 35 percent. Among those citing the war in Iraq, Kerry leads 57 to 36 percent. This, of course, is balanced by the 64 to 30 percent margin. Not good, man. But the present holds over Kerry in fighting the war on terrorism. Of course, you can show us how stupid the public is because all these billions of dollars were spending and the Iraq attack not only didn't fight in the war on terrorism, but we've let the Taliban resurface. We've let Al Qaeda get back together again stronger than ever, and ally with all kinds of people who hated them like poised up till the Iraq attack, all of these things. And we've also created all kinds of terrorism within Iraq that didn't exist there before, but nevertheless. And arguably it says there's greater and growing intensity on the part of those who opposed the defeat Bush. Boy, sure right about that. I'm going to vote 60, 70 times easy. Even George is going to vote a bunch of times these illegal aliens. All my dead relatives are going to vote. The president's problem is further compounded by the fact that he is now the mercy of situations. They're out of his control while their economy is improving. Voters historically do not look at indicators that measure trillions and billions of he goes on and on. He says finally, if history is any guide, sender to Kerry is a good closer. Something happens to him in the closing which the campaigns are obviously not happening. Now, we've clearly seen that pattern in his 96-degree over Governor Bill Weld for the Senate of Massachusetts, and more recently in the 2004 Democratic primaries, all through 2003, Kerry's campaign lacked a focused message. He tends to be a nuanced candidate, thoughtful, brief and too willing to discuss a range of possible positions on every issue. It's often hard to determine where he actually stands in a presidential campaign of candidate canceled out on a bumper sticker, and I've trouble grabbing the attention of the voters by early 2004 as Democratic voters now went elsewhere, concluded the president Bush could be defeated. The Brown governor deans message to be too hot, and began to get Kerry another look. It was too hot. Too honest. Kerry came on strong with the simplest messages. I'm a veteran. I have the experience I can win and I am alive. Don't make that look like it. But I'm alive. He says, here were we're unlikely to see any big bumps for either candidate because of opinion so polarized I believe frozen in place. There are still six months to go into an happen. But as of today says, John Zabbe, this race is John Kerry's to lose. And I think he is. I'm so awake, I'm so awake. But at this point, he can do it. He's the... Four minutes still known at 5.60 W.U.M. Spring of the savings right now and save a ton on a new car truck from Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead. You'll find him on US-1, 20 minutes south of the 836. Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead's worth the drive from anywhere in South Florida because they're going to save you so much cash, thousands on great new Toyota's. Check out these great leestials waiting for you right now as I speak. No four camera or four hundred just two sixty nine a month for forty eight months. And no four harm under just the old nine a month. Leave a truck? How about an old four Toyota 10? Were the safest truck in the US of A? Just a hundred seventy nine a month for forty eight months. And these are just a few of the great savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead. General Manager David Rich in the staff will stand on their head. They'll do just about anything to put you in a new Toyota today. So experience the Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead difference. They're locally owned and operated committed to 100% customer satisfaction. They're service department, you know what they're even open late to late. We need to make sure they get all your work done for you. Easy to find them. They're right at the corner of US one in two hundred ninety-third street in Homestead. Just twenty-seven minutes south of the eight thirty six. And they offer you a deal I can never heard of before at Armstrong, Toyota Homestead. Free tires, batteries and replacement parts for life. That's right. Tires, batteries and feet parts for life your vehicle. Nobody else nowhere does that. So it's always your time at those big mega dealers and phony car giants who give it a big song to dance. Christopherumbarr Gordon David Richde G. And an Armstrong, Toyota Homestead for an unbeatable deal for real,345,24237,345,242,3247, and a little. Travel littleonsangiest exclusive web is resumed</font赋 geeointed on OFFICIOR sixteen ceremonial events and even lots of them. Cool young Brocketti. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-1 hour on Q8M. Why from New York? It's the most controversial. We always show them all time. From the sixth listed line to viral terms. It's the live baby. Five couples. Ops and greens are worldwide. Has they battled on to win this? Who am new baby? Who knows? Here's your host, former awards. Come on, and welcome to B-B-B-B. Can I get a W-B-B? What? What? What? What? Tonight one couple gets immunity while the rest of them go to Tribal Castle. What couple will have to eat a plate of Rocky Mountain noises, the fastest, you know, more balls. I'm right Sam, can I get a W-B? What? Well, I have a sticking competition. Where you the American public gets a vote or text us? Who you think should be thrown off the show? I don't want any of it. Can I get a W-B-B? What? What? And finally, I will be given the final husband a W-B. Since I myself have never been given a W-B. And will die a crazy old catwoman. Can I get a W-B? What? What? And the M-Judy Miller of a Po-A-I-O-A. We hope we win the baby. I should say any got out of prison. Even talk about it, Captain. Usually can make the world cook every time I try to touch a me squealing in. Ernie, this is perfect for us. Rick and Connie Schwartz of Bayon New Jersey. We've already got it, kids. What the hell's one more? I'm drunk most days and I spend the weekends at my girlfriend's house. Be my baby! You'll find me people quiet on my highway specials. Wait to you see this mess. I want to play with people's emotions. It works! Be my baby! On America's fourth-rankment work! A-B-C. Come on three, as your favorite. Yeah. Chewie to best. I hate their hard. 258 votes on a poll so far. Who is the most honest politician in the US? A. They're all $1,300, $1,39.1%. It should be much hard in that. When you go to wake up and sit there, uh, but okay. What? Sit there, what what? To me Carter 49. John McCain 34. Just event 2 or 21. Moving up fast. George W. has got 15. That is pathetic. Bob Graham 15. Howard Dean's got a dozen. We're starting like Howard Lopper. He's starting to look really good again now, you know. Let's give him a fresh look. A fresh wife. Dennis Cassinant 7. Charlie Rangles got three. Jim Jefferson's friend. I got one probably they got a call to his name in. There's nobody knows who he is. And Bill Nelson's got none. He's got the big. Oh, oh, Nelson. Our other are Junior Senator from the state of Florida. Have any? I mean, he's a very boring guy. Where are the where the people who are like dynamic, who are like a person out? You don't think? Man, that's right. How to business? That's what they are. Somebody was some ball. Somebody was some possessed. Somebody like, uh, even that's why El Sharpe looks so good during the primary. Right, Glyb. He was Glyb. He was a wise ass. He knew we didn't have a chance in the house. So we didn't care what they'll. He said, who we offended. And he was, uh, had a great sense of humor. He's a funny guy. I mean, dangerous, of course, but nevertheless, he was funny. He was entertaining. He was a didn't the dog any of the questions. He was right on top of it. He let him have it. But the rest of these guys, my god, they look like the walking dead. Take a look at that committee. John Warner looks like he belongs to a madam who so's like museum. Robert Bird looks like they threw his damn, uh, mommy out 10 years ago. Guy Bobby Bird a dead man in the suit. Who else has done that committee? I don't know. John and King would all be spout on his, there's Lindsey Graham. He looks just like Bob Negel and drag, honey. You ever see him in little Bob Neel from Cox Broadcasting? They're the same for him. Look at him. Oh, I don't know where to write the screen. It was a little, uh, coming out. It looked like he's fighting his gun. He's a gram. He's just on it. He'll be a lot worse pictures. His law enforcement. I'm at rape and murder in all this crap. All boy, all boy, all boy, all boy. Is what he said the other day. Lindsey Graham. What a bunch. And then of course these guys look fantastic compared to the, uh, the guys from the house that were there on Friday that panel. I clearly know one from Illinois that nobody knows what his name is. Jim something was his name Bishop or something? I don't know. Oh my goodness, we're there. Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah. Even rum small. I would have applauded rum small to be able to go up there and smack him in the head and said, speak up. I can't understand you. You moron. I would have, you know, him high marks for that. One piece of good news now. Oh, ghost. Independent. Panters not much. Independent presidential candidate, Ralph Nader, had to sue Texas's top election officially yesterday to try to get out of the state's ballot claiming that a petition signature requirement is unconstitutional. His law suit was filed in federal court in Austin only a couple months before the county clerk's office closed for the day. Nader's campaign submitted an application for the Texas Secretary's State's office for a place on a general election ballot, but said it would not turn in the more than 50,000 voter signatures in a collected because they had a collected least 64,076 by 5 PMS. They didn't do it. Didn't make it. And guess what else the real piece of good news is? Nader, you know how many states he's qualified in so far to be out of ballot? Oh, I know. Oh, the big. Oh, none. Oh, that one. Oh, that two. Oh, that's three. Oh, that's one. I have it as a whole. Oh, none so far. You got on a ballot in 43 states in this term coming in 2000 after filing eight lawsuits to change ballot access rules. And of course those rules have already been changed. But this year so far he's got the big winners along way to go. Ralph Nader and ego waiting to explode. 560560. Pound 560. Oh, he's some more good news. A prominent pro choice politician is quitting the Catholic Church after being told he would be denied communion. It was reported yesterday this from the New York TV news. New Jersey cinema journey later Bernard Kenny from Hoboken. A former altar boy told the Philadelphia inquiries leaving the church after 57 stickin' years. I will look further options to express my faith and probably do another Christian church he said. If every fate starts trying to impose their rules on elected officials, Kenny said, democracy's got to be factionalized along religious lines. Kenny told a paper decided leave after meeting with this pastor, once senior Frank Del Prithy of a Saints Peter and Paul church in Hoboken. Kenny said he asked if as a politician supports abortion rights and stem cell research, he'd be denied communion. Del Prithy told me would be permitted communion one more time. But then he would tell me not to come again. Just this one time. Lay, burn our wabbers' name is. Now pretty yesterday confirmed the meeting but city was not at liberty to discuss it. New York art's bishop John Myers wrote this month that it was objectively dishonest for Catholics who publicly to sell with the church's pro-life teachings to receive communion. No one has the absolute right to the Eucharist, Myers wrote. The statement led New Jersey Governor Jim McReebe to say he would take communion at Lee, he would not take at least in public. Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry who's also pro-choice and Catholic received communion yesterday. A mother's day mass in suburban Pittsburgh, a task force of U.S. bishops is considered a communion guidelines for Catholics who publicly advocate abortion rights and other positions, fundamentally it odds with any NFL church and the humbling bubbly of the NFL old Pope. Old Papa. By the way, I gave the Italian salute when I was over there in Rome. Yeah, what's that look like? Said, how's it going, pops? 567.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines were searching for an honor, what about the Hillary Clinton? What about her? You don't think she belongs on here that she'd get some votes? No, well, I mean, she'll get some votes, but I don't believe she'll belong down there. Why not? I don't know. She has an impressed link. That adequate information from Mr. Camphon in the defense department. How do you like that? I just, my psychic powers again. I said her name. I didn't, I wasn't even paying any attention. And I look of it, are in a screen? Shane of command. And there's Hillary. There's that bitch, Hillary, man. The, the ice princess that pulled by, I mean, at the first lady. Three. Two. One. 567.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. WQA and hello. I like you. We'd like you, too, in a box. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. Hey, don't. Yes, sir. Yeah, I wanted the man to not take him to the title. Oh, boy. Okay, that's all we're down to. We got the whispering guy, Reverend Jones and crazy Ron. That's what we got left. Okay, so I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna press on. Okay, my stuff. Press on some nails. Yeah. Because these people are got nothing. Zippity, do that. Maybe they're all over there with Rush now. Okay. Maybe they made them over to Rush so they get the real truth. Okay. Or they're watching the hearings. They're watching the hearings, my ass. So you're crazy? Or instructed to do as a completely new procedure. I'm not sure that those MPs had ever been confronted with any instructions like this before. General Taguba, can you explain for us the disparity between holding this brigade commander completely accountable and the comments that I just read to you. And light of the fact that certainly, the 200... I say let's get Hillary on her right away. Okay, she's telling me like it is. Put Hillary on her. She's a good guy. WDQAM Hello. QAM Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi. What's up? How are you doing? Okay. What about Joe, Gerset and Nick D'Val? Yeah, that's a good one. WDQAM Hello. QAM Hello. WDQM Oha. QAM Hello. Hey, Bill. Yeah. How are you doing today? How are you doing? All right. What about Joe, Gerset and Nick D'Val? But he got pal. He's got hemorrhides. Hello. Hemorrhides. WQAM Hello. I'm tagged on this political crap. Let's take the football season. Go to jail! Ha ha ha ha ha. All right. And I'll be finally a little cross over there to the rest of the station. The sports crowd is coming in. That's good sign. Don't tell Jim Sarny about it though. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. You see what I did? I really, I've got them be funneled out because they don't want to do it. This is good. I'm bad. I did this. Yeah. They don't know whether it's scream or chew out of banana. Because it's a pole would like a, in other words, I said yesterday was going to give many more building pole, you know, whatever would have one name thing. Yeah. But then I turned it around the only difference being. I give them a pole that they got no names to put on there. That'll teach you. Okay. That'll teach you beyond better behavior folks. Do you think they'll be on better behavior? No. Oh. W to Q M hello. Hey, I want to, yeah, I want to comment on your Iraqi situation. Yes, sir. Go ahead. I think that it's just little skin and it tastes like soft for a second. Yeah. Okay. Good. W to Q M. Hello. Any, what's up? Yes, sir. How about David's milk for your pole, babe? Yeah. How about it? W to Q M. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Are you sir? Okay, sir. I want you to know. I've been literally trying to call you for days. Yeah. And my green flight for two minutes, nobody answers. I don't know. We'll be using screenless. Don't you notice I just picked up the pho-mido screenless. No, I know. I know. But I'm a living and breathing person and I'm not a prodigy. I'm not somebody that's going to crank call you. I have a good conversation with you. I never get through. Yeah. I'm waiting. Let's start the conversation. Oh, the other time, sorry. I got to the break. 12 13 at 5 60, who now is he to be? Not going to find prestigious colors. You know, without kind of crap is that. No, I had a feeling that that was going to go somewhere. Oh, I see. It did in the opposition. Good. Before your company suffering from regulation that increased labor cost, if so, let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people's idea of business. Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services. Oasis outsourcing cover, tell your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing they for a free evaluation in 1866 at Oasis. That's one 866 286 2747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands that many facets of human resource management. Oasis being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the details to our Oasis outsourcing. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you want a free evaluation column at this toll free number. 1 866 at Oasis. That's 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. Oh! Let's abuse some more prisoners make them scream nice and loud. 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's not a news we'd are 2018 at 566 2747. Let's take a look at tomorrow's schedule. What the hell is this all about? I know what it is. It says TVD as opposed to TVA. What kind of stupid thing is that to be determined at the mommy heat that they triple a arena tomorrow in a hang slot? That's because tomorrow's Wednesday and a hump is going to be traveling a ballroom or I'm sure tomorrow on his way to the pre-knis. Aren't you excited about that? Oh yeah, they're all smarty. Allicans, Marty Jones. Because they've gone so big on Friday. I think this is the year. This is just exactly what Thurber Racing has been looking for as a just a, I mean, make that the Seabest thing. Looks like a child's play. A heart-wending story. And that what America needs is a great horse. Okay, they'll be Kim Boe Camp or tomorrow. Don't get now. Don't get so animated about it. Okay, if I were you, I wouldn't be so happy about it. I mean, I like Kim he's a good guy, but he is terminal on the air. Kim Boe Boe Camp or for the Humper tomorrow at the Triple A Mommy Heat Arena. And of course, the heat won't a game last night over Indianapolis, which is a really shocker. What do they want? 17-in-a-row at home now the heat? Yeah. Let's do some sports class. What do you say? I bet. Get that George really all whipped up into a frenzy, huh? Oh yeah. Pull off the kick, the Tampa Bay's, the Tampa Ant lost a game in a month. Six to two last night, flyers. Okay. No, that's unfortunate. Bremen are new minister claims Iraq's first human rights minister, Lonstay blistering attack yesterday. On America's Chief Administrator in Iraq, Paul Bremer, saying that he had warned him repeatedly last year that US soldiers were abusing Iraqi detainees. And then exclusive to New, with the Guardian, another one of them Brit-news papers, Abdel Basat Turkey, who resigned among the Go City and former minister Bremer last November, and again the SEMBER of the rampant abuse in US military prisons. Let me say it again last November and again in December, he listened very well, but that was all he did he added. Dr. Turkey also claimed that he received information of abuses committed against prisoners just this week, but refused to give details. In other words, they're talking about it, but they're still doing it. Following allegations of abuse, he said he'd asked for permission to visit Abu Great, prison last November. The month the photos were taken to US guards, abusing Nikita Iraqi inmates for Mr. Bremer refuses to request. In December, a month before the US military set up its own secret inquiry into Abu Great, he telephone Mr. Bremer to complain about the treatment of female detainees. They've been denied medical treatment, they had no proper toilet, they'd owe to be given one blanket, even though it was winter he said. Dr. Turkey's claims he'd been embarrassment on the US law coalition in the Pentagon, and suggested both had been aware of the widespread abuse much earlier than previously admitted. Is there any questions? I'm so awake, I'm awake. Dan's senior or pop-remor spokesman told the Guardian that Mr. Bremer only found out about the emulation of prisoners in January. Lire. Yesterday, Dr. Turkey said that in March, he and other US-supported ministers had demanded an investigation after a US soldier raped the woman prisoner documented by Major General Antonio Taguba, as you poured on Abu Great, which he's testified about We were told his matter will be dealt with in secret, and with only Americans attending, he said, and then those damn pictures got out dang it. Gosh darn it. Et cetera. Oh, members of the CC, you remember the CPA staff? Yeah, we got your CPA over here, okay? Did he say, P.P, I don't think you can say that. Maniac. And this guy's a chauffeur that offense the department, and he's talking about P.P. And what are they doing at Proverse stuff over there? Lunatic. 560560. Let's get back to donuts. Wow, don't you laugh at about that. What over a lot bigger than this? See, this, this to me, which, see, I've just been to an Europe for a week. I had a good time, Copenhagen, Rome, Amsterdam, but had plenty of time to be watching what was going on in the world, to be engrossed in all of this grow test stuff. And I come back here assuming, once again, that the American public is like, whipped up into a frenzy about this, pissed off and fired up, discussed it in nauseated, that we're being made, look, they look like a bunch of asses to the entire universe, like a bunch of our variants, even worse than what we're supposedly fighting against. And it's like, what do I like that? When's the football season start? How about those heat? What about smarty ass Jones? Et cetera. Same old, same old, and he's the dog and pony show goes out. What he's hearing is here. And Lindsey Graham was on there before making his sauna dance about his, is that what we're trying to, you know, suck it up to this to Google guy, you know? Can't even probably pronounce his name. Right? And then we do we want to be, do we want to emulate the, uh, kind of do we want to emulate sauna mousse de, yeah, yeah, take one of these goody two shoes, stupid ass speeches. It's another dog and pony show, that's all. And they have to do this because they got caught with egg on their post. That's what this is all about. Yeah, if they're kept, if there weren't any pictures, they'd kept this all behind closed doors. You'd better believe it. That there wouldn't be any information. Just the, well, there's been some, you know, some abuse and some of people carry, are carried away overboard. That's all you get. Fratsta. Right. Just not, not even that. I guess they must pop a lot of pills, no fraternities, too. Right, rush. You lying, pill popping, second, right, when crap. Who is the most honest politician in the USA, where I was going to be on our second poll? 249 votes. And I took said it about this. They're all crooks, 129. Jimmy Carter 65, John McCain 43, just event 234, George W. Bush. 30, what does he got? 26 an embarrassment. 7% of this audience thinks that George W. Bush is the most honest politician in America. And if that's the case, God help America. 5, 2020, Howard Dean of dozen, Dennis, Kusin, 11, Charlie Wrangles, six, Jim Jeffords, two, Bill Austin, one, and Hillary out of 355 votes. She's got the big. Oh, that's what Bubba said, most of them with women, though. Well, so he said, don't you remember that, Arquire, read that day, he said she's had a lot more women than he ever had. And I believe it. Probably women with that eyesight. And by the way, blind Michael, we're looking for him, but Tavia. I'm writing a card this week and driving on down. He'll be looking for you, too. Yeah. Maybe we'll run into each other. W. K. W. A. Hello. Uh, Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, I think, uh, Ronald Reagan was an arm, Thomas, Carl Fischer, and the guy. W. K. W. M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil? Yes. Oh, Neil, we're going to make you when you're gone, man. When you're coming, we're going to make you so much. You wouldn't realize how good you are for us. Yeah, yeah. All right, no kissing at. All right. First thing. Oh, well, what did you say kissing what? Did you say ants? Oh, my God. Go ahead. You're all the same. First thing first. My best friend is a real right wing. So yeah. What's the best book I can use that you recommend? The fact that it's blocked right now. I just got through a sunny yesterday, which you're listening yesterday, where we're just right here, radio. Well, sometimes I'm going to do the live before I really can. And on on on on on on on, you better get your pretty better. Get your sunny walk, man. Mr. You might miss an important stuff, but I doubt it. Spinning on the axis of evil by Scott Taylor. It's a paperback. Maybe you can read it to him. Okay, that's on the website. I've seen spinning on the axis of evil. America's war against Iraq. It is. It tells you the whole story. No punches pulled no BS right from the beginning. All the depleted uranium, the birth defects, the soldiers, all of the stuff that history of Iraq, the poison gas, all of these things. It's great. You know, you know what? He's like sometimes they're putting it on. But that's all. That's all. You know, the Democrats trying to, you know, trying to talk, you know. This guy isn't a Democrat. He's not even an American. He's a Canadian journalist. It's a great book. Pal, I'm telling you. This is the way you want. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Another thing, um, won't you do? Let's say, carry this elected. I mean, hopefully. Um, if you insist, how would you get it out of this, uh, out of the situation on a hangover? Thanks Neil. Okay, have a great day, pal. If I was in his shoes, the months to man's shoes, I'd be like much shoes. You use though. Huh? Big shoes. I would say, guess what? We won. Put in, uh, put in our international, uh, whoever's going to be. The, when the peacekeepers, the peace, the blessed other peace makers, uh, for they are, uh, whatever. Remember, you lie wallet. And that's it. Bring everybody home. No more debts. Just the way. That's right. We've never been business being there in the first place. Sometimes you have to admit your mistake. Okay. Screwed up. We put, uh, supposedly, June 30th. Here's the hand over. Just, just like they do with the bouquet of wedding, you know? Right. That's right. They throw it out through and whoever catches it, they got it. And the same thing, here's the keys to the kingdom. Throw it up in the air and whoever catches it. Hey, have a good time. They were good not here. And Holla is this bull crap about, oh, we're bringing democracy to right. Well, when the hell did that ever come? Where did that come from? Where did it come from? We're creating democracy and for where we were force feeding the democracy. That was never to excuse that was given. This was supposedly about protecting Americans in about fighting terrorism. All of these things weapons a master's job asked destruction. And now all of a sudden they got the stupid American public brainwashed it. There were four, were forced feeding the democracy. We're spreading it around a world. We're freeing people, oppressed people, freed them by emancipation by decapitation. Man, 16,000 that Iraqis, and that's probably a low ball estimate. What you won't hear about in the US because we don't count them. It's too embarrassing. Well, they shouldn't have attacked us. That's right. They shouldn't have flown in planes in a world trade center and a Pentagon. Oh, wasn't them? Well, don't confuse us with that crap. Okay. They look like them. They got them hooked. No, they're the ones who ran. That's right. And then Schmoth is on. Just remember what I told you boys and girls, the whole world, all these conflicts they're about head gear. Just just do like the beach. Just shave your head nice and clean. That's the way to be safe. Okay, just shave it clean. Well, honey, now back in the day, could this as a more hard one? But I want 28 past no to do it. If you've been here, me talk about fast train for a while and thinking, maybe this sounds like it might be something for me. It might be. The fact is simple. If you have the dedication, fast train can provide you with the necessary training. And help you achieve your new high paying computer career and just foreshard months. Think about it in just four short months. Uno does quite a trace whatever the one is. You can be on your way. Fast trains got day night and weekend classes financial assistance for those who qualify too. Once you complete your classes, fast train can even help you out in obtaining that new computer job. So it's that simple. If your life is like on a treadmill, if you're going nowhere, if your paycheck is an embarrassment, just make that call that a once and for all and change your life. Call 1-866 fast train even to call a spring. Fast trains got seven photo locations including Pembroke Pines. For a lot of it, I'll candle at Mimeys of this body of campus nearby you. Check them on the web fast train.com and make that call. It can bring you a real career some real training and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it. Call today 1-866 fast train. We're taking lazy. It's just so much fun that on their conversations, they only shower around the special occasions and people. What everything. You're ever seen us be at all your money. We're world so much stuff that it's not funny. Back that tragic. There's no way to stop it. There's car bombs and hijackies. These are just a few of their favorite things. They fight over landation as pretty please in their deserts. I wore a little wild and free tool. They wear some people to win please. Everybody say us be at all your money. We'll up so much stuff that it's not funny. And the wish makes me so happy and the guys are still forcing me so on their bodies, those are the things that's funny. Everybody ever say us be at all your money. You've turned 26 to 1 at 5.60W. You could have another wini here for lunch. Man, these are good. I'll have it a pop tart. Are you really? See great minds work alike. We're eating crap. Who is the most honest politician on a speaker of crap? Right, under the convention. Are you leaving or been asking some questions? Who is this man kidding? Okay. They loved it. Wow, I think they must have tied his to Philan Tuti. Who is the most honest politician in the USA? Three every 90 votes from the bottom up Bill Nelson 1. Only one per poronist bill. I bet you who went out on a street corner right now. I was there in 441. He's in the US to 100 people who is Bill Nelson. They'd look at you go like that. I feel like that. Come up and. Or maybe they do the Greg Redo. Yeah. Who's Bill Nelson? Yeah. Anyway, he's got one. Here we are. He's got two. That's because the women are the ones who like her. We don't have any women listening. That's okay. We don't get paid for women. Listen to us anyhow. So what are we care? Right? See I've adopted a whole lot of attitude about many things. Why am I going to sit or and bitch about the fact we have no women call. Listen to us. Well, we don't make any money off of that. Don't talk to her. Just talk to her. Tell them. Jim Jefferson's two. Charlie Rangle's six. Howard Dean 13. Dennis, because since 14 Bobby Graham 22, we like Bobby a lot. George W. Bush 29. That is blasphemy man. That is outrageous. That is effing outrageous. That there are still we got 29 people in the Saudi and 7% are stupid enough and stubborn enough to believe in the ranting of a mad man. Just even through a 44, he's moved up nicely. John McCain 46. Jimmy Carter 75. In fact, Jesse's in third place of the name people. But of course, number one and the correct answer. They're all crooks 145. 36.2%. bunch of crooks. You're like this story. Well, get to it a minute after these important calls. Like a one online nine WQAM. KOLIA WQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Good. Listen, I think it was yesterday that some guy called up with a spy report about on a Rush Limbaugh show about how he's blaming the prisoner torture thing on the Donas don't tell. Right. Well, sure enough on I was listening to Glenn Beck this morning. Oh, why? I know. I know. I'm just on the talk, John. He come on. Oh, give me a break. And the guy and some guy called up some angry white guy listening on WILD because he says where the call is you're listening to. And he said, yeah, I think it is this Donas don't tell. And Glenn Beck called the guy a crack pot. He says, that's outrageous. That should make such a ludicrous claim. Yeah. You know, the guy was just did or what he heard on Rush's show. I knew. Oh, did. Oh, yeah. Also, too, did you happen to see this, there was a letter. There was an editorial in this newspaper from Wisconsin where they're asking the readers to send more pro bush letters because they get too many anti bush letters. Yeah. Did you see that at all? No, because I don't live in Wisconsin. Well, I was on the internet with floating around. I just thought, you know, because it's not a tutorial when they say that we don't get enough we get too many letters critical of bush. We need more letters saying that, you know, you know, the news people with seeing this in that editorial? Yes. Well, what kind of crap is that? It's from the post of Crescent in Wisconsin. And here's one thing. Well, we're in Wisconsin, no, not in Milwaukee or maybe Milwaukee, not in Green Bay, not in uh, we're in a, Applepen, uh, Mnasha Wisconsin. Oh, need him in Asia. Yeah. But you're Yahoo's there, man. It says here real quick, it says we've been getting more letters critical of President Bush than those supporting him. See, I innocent is where all the liberals are in Wisconsin. The rest of them are a bunch of Nazis. Yeah. Well, I guess you think what, yeah, but then have it ever been. Here goes one Nazis in Milwaukee. I know. All right. Thanks a lot, Pally. All right, no, but I never write a thing. Even at sausage man, a resign. Maybe at five minutes. This goes to show you what CNN is all about the cable now. I'm not seeing that work with George Kim up with the yesterday. Very good, George. Cable Nazi network. Spend five minutes yesterday. Tom is about to sausage the mascot for the Milwaukee Brewers retired. Yeah, that a five minute piece. Meanwhile, although the world is crumbling down and you wonder why the American public is like, like that. And his last guy means well, but he's a talk show, Jucky listening to Glenn Dreck on W.I.O.D. That is unbelievable. I had to have a search party for this guy's radio. W.I.O.D. Oh, I hate that state. Yeah. All Nazi news all day. Not a one. Five, six, seven. I can lower work up non-good. That's hot dog, does it for me every time? Perks to write out. And why do you only want to eat coal weenies? Not the only one. Huh? No. You don't? Are you stupid? Nice snack once in a while. How much are our little sausage? Nothing. What about Josh? Can I have a coal weenie? No. Yeah. No more sausage. Maybe a couple of stator there long enough. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, six. The only 18, and 10. And we're right somewhere, let's lie. See, I'm so proud of all of us that we just, we dance right along that little line there, you know. We just dance right along it as opposed to that in temperate business we had before, what a rhinestone coal boy bit. Man, you won't be here that again. Go. I was just banging everything inside here. Well, I can't say that either. Come in to QA and hello. Oh, wait a while. there you go That was in what was that a Shot my right into here. What did she say he putting on a voice that word white women at oh I see 30 QM hello Yes, sir I'm amazed that you got up That was WQM hello Good afternoon, sir. I'm sorry. Time for break. There's a real axe when they just come down I'm in full controlling her man. I'm in full command of my faculty. Well, you got the wienier one head fighter Yeah, and my pen and the other one. I'm right in figuring out numbers twenty-two one at five sixty WQM. We got the OMS The glass cutter like an explosion here. There's all this kind of stuff going on over the world But the the sausage man Scott retired. So that's the important story Let's have a 30 minute piece on a cable Nazi news network about that. He got Fox Nazi news You got cable Nazi news about the only ones left at all with any balls of CBS I think it's kind of like a backlash against the a janit Jackson thing in a Ronnie Reagan mini-series thing CBS is finally striking back And via com against the stern business. They're all striking back baby Let me tell you right now about the financial group. You know you've heard me talk about these folks never incredible only one mortgage program with an unbeatable one an quarter percent rate for the purchase or refinancing of your home One and a quarter percent it is unbelievable that means if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are just 304 a month if you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are just 60 and a month what's not to like now the advertising on TV they're all over the radio including here this program's got everybody talking the only one mortgage makes it possible Only a financial group makes it available refinance your current home get money for renovations moved to another home and Never pay fees or closing costs again You pay zero closing costs zero-quid a bureau fees zero application fee zero discounted points zero everything Come like blend-bex ratings zero. This is for real just confidential group one 86395 lend to find out more that's one 86395 L-E-N-D the only one mortgage it's the only mortgage you'll ever need the Renacle housing lender creditor's turn to fly 4.25 APR rates submitted to change monthly 562 a Go to myos celebration. It's the all new mayonnaise from Mexico Sico de Mayo give your sandwich a south of the border planter out source your condom that's with Sico de Mayo Perhaps the price and with Sico de Mayo there's absolutely no help benefits So spread a little Sico de Mayo and your sandwich and watch it pick it's on with Sico de Mayo the mayo days that comes with its own night You'll find it at Walmart and you'll pay less than American mayonnaise Sico de Mayo from Napa Sico de Mayo Sico de Mayo 200 300 photographs are going to come in on you see that 200 200 more photos What's the video coming out so for those people that have been really highly entertained in a musical list up the 18th Nothing yet baby. You got some really good crap coming now speak on a crap. Let me tell you about Florida, alright? Okay, Red Niki Yahoo mung one state Barefoot lunch only the rest of the state can make soft Florida look good and boy We look we come out small like a rose like Joe Rose and by the way somebody I know Said Joe Rose smells pretty good. That's really And trying to stick his nose in there for days now especially because he's trying to grab out of his coattails Have to do I had the big numbers in there for me to 10 a.n 5-3 share in each hour and Something that did like what did he get like a three something? 32 oh three two oh my god Holy moly oh my now what he's gonna blame don't you oh The fact that you're in Mark. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, leave it no, leave it anymore Got that awful sporting news radio Selena if we could just bring Joe Costello back as Mark though want to come back If we could just bring good old Joe back Doing some of those overnight pornographic shows when nobody's listening then we'll could have himself a lead in And maybe have a number of nerd you think no no He sucks anyway zeppery host Florida. This is just so typical man this story epitomizes everything That's wrong with the United States and specifically with the Florida and the West Coast and most of the state Zeppery Hills you know where that is of course. Yeah The city council of the central Florida town try to settle a bitter mump long dispute by voting yesterday To change Mark Luther King Avenue back to its original name of sixth Avenue while keeping up street signs with both names kind like Hialia The 4-1 decision followed almost two hours of pubic testimony over an issue that her neighbor against neighbor and exposed Racial tensions in this town of 11,000 finded by union veterans of the civil war In my opinion, it's just pure evil that has come to the citizens of this town Donna church a white resident toda city council as he tried not as she tried not to choke up I know people have known each other 20 years who won't speak to each other no more Sally Stewart a white resident who's very to a black man. Oh my god Said to debate that erupted over renaming sixth Avenue last October to honor the slain civil rights leader had exposed the state of Race relations in Zefer Hills about 25 miles northeast of Tampa The sewer of the universe Tampa the armpit the anus of the planet Tampa Stewart said thank God the cover has been pulled off several hills Some opponents said they didn't want to change her addresses and work consulted others had renaming a street after King cadurta town's economy And streets named after him elsewhere frequently run through poor neighborhoods like in Tampa and Fort Lodderdale Right Support is a keeping the street named after King rallied outside city. I'll be for the meeting holding signs It said no justice no peace and stuff or hills and singing we shall overcome Mother how's that go we show? I don't know how to look at me. I'll go find somebody. How's that code Josh? You know yeah if we can compromise by putting both names on the signs that's one token gesture of token Oh no Somebody said that's a token gesture Holy moly Now we can make to bring our community back together said council member Celia Graham Ben humans my pronounce and I write Ben Yamon who lives on six to have an acidy opposed me naming the street because of King's opposition to the war and Vietnam Well, I don't get it I don't consider Martin Luther King to be an icon or he heard to be looked up to he said I thought the people who are against the war and Vietnam were right as it turns out Oh, excuse me don't confuse a bunch of rednicks with the facts The council had renamed the street last year after being petitioned by resin Irene Dobson who thought it was time to town did something to honor Mr. King Thompson said before the vote that the efforts to be named to six to have an overraces They say it's not but I wasn't born yesterday. She said but after the vote Thompson said she was happy with having both street signs in place I like it. She said I really really do Sounds like a whole bunch of crap over nothing don't it? Yeah, whatever. Do you say donut? She always need that in again So livable. I'm being paid by the crispy queuing people I gotta get those sales back up again because the acades died is killing a man Kill on the crispy cream stock because everybody is low carbon it now I think maybe we should tell everybody I don't want to do we got that sponsor you know I'm gonna go out and get to my screen. Oh And by the way, let me just also mention ice cream like that. What does it call be kids with an e? The at-can stuff Indulge. I don't know. Does that what it is? That's can be I don't know but anyway the stuff that's got the low carb ice cream all of it I said this before I want to say it again as a warning Before you think oh, I'm gonna go get make give me a whole big bowl ice cream It's all gonna have like 15 20 grams of carbs right man You are gonna be so close to home all day you're gonna be just doing the green apple quick step for hours It's gotten multi-tall and surbertall and it's got it all Believe you me Now we can't make any of those sounds anymore, but guess what when we had a couple of them sneak on it We're just Raspberry but it sounded kind of like the same thing you can't play that either no more You think crazy? That's not what an expatriate sound to me. What is that toothpaste coming out of the tube? The hell it is? I never had toothpaste come out of that tube squeeze a barter. Okay Oh, and speaking of that what a great segue oral sex lessons to cut rates of teenage pregnancy I'm gonna be instructor. Yeah, this is in the brick papers of course They would have that in America. That's on American oral sex Encouraging school children to experiment with oral sex could prove the most effective way of curbing teenage pregnancy rates a British government study is found People's out of the age of 16 and we're topic consider other forms of intimacy Such as oral sex were significantly less likely to engage in full intercourse. It was revealed Britain's teenage pregnancy weight is the highest in Europe in 2002 there were 39,286 teen pregnancies recorded the government's also spent more than 16 million pounds to tackle the problem, but so far failed to halt the rise A sex education course developed by extergy university trains teachers to talk to teachers about stopping points before full sex Now and unpublished government factory pork reveals that a trial of the courses been a success School children especially girls received such train developed a more mature response to sex The study by the National Foundation for Education Research Found youngsters were less likely to be sexually active than peers who received Traditional forms of sex education Dispelling the fears of family campaigners in other words right-wing lunatics who believe such methods actually aroused the sexual entretenators Right now the government recommend the scheme called a pause To schools throughout England and Wales following a success of the trial 104 schools were sexual intercourse among 16 year olds fell back to 20 percent According to Dr. John Trip of the Department of Child Health and University of Exeter who up to Zion of course Teachers who sent up to the course are primed to deal with queries from pupils on all kinds of sexual experience Those behind the course rest the scheme does not suggest teenagers experiment with the world sex God forbid Instead, they say a pause promotes the message that other forms of physical intimacy are safer than full intercourse It teaches people assertiveness skills and if they should be only as intimate as they feel comfortable with said trip A department for education in skills spokesman said the reports of her degree available all schools All teachers respect peer reviewed material this will help influence their decisions she said How you go and how do you like that all sex lessons kind of the right teenage pregnancy over those Is more teens I'm here for where were those lessons when we were maybe we can get Bob Cunston make some more than bumper stickers again Oral as moral give us something to do get them off the streets In a job Bob Well, here's that article where did the somebody facts this in yes and did Wisconsin daily as readers to send pro bush letters this again showing how they mass media This is that liberal media But they're always screaming about there is no liberal media like air Eric Alderman said that fine book is doesn't exist According to polls president Bush's popularity has been dwindling since the back where he did up again last month But a really has come to has it come to this it asks But Wisconsin daily newspaper novel twist is resorted to asking readers to send in pro bush letters to the editor to balance out The many critical of the president In an artist to its readers the post question of apple and Wisconsin observed that with a presidential race heating up the editors have found themselves in a Quandrey They feel their views page takes the political and social temperature of the valley. I don't want to ask where they stick the thermo thermometer under the army But not a question is how can we balance the perspectives and topics of our letters when many of our submissions have been coming from only one side? We've been getting more letters critical of president Bush that knows that support him. We're not sure why are nor do we want to guess Let me draw them a diaphragm But in today's increasingly polarized political environment. We prefer our offering to put forward a better sense of balance since we depend on you our readers to supply our letters That cool could be difficult. We can't run letters that we don't have if you would like to help us balance things out Send us a letter make a call or punch out an email. We love to hear from you And a lot of responded that editor published today Ellen Cooons I'll see I mentioned Bob Cooons and there's this sister Ellen of Nene Road Could it be that you're ignoring the current temperature of the valley if you're getting more letters critical of Mr. Bush? It is likely because the valley is more critical of him and for good reason If you're receiving so many letters indicating an imbalance of opinions is because your readers feel they need to do your job for you They're telling you there isn't a public scrutiny of this administration's policy and actions Also on Tuesday Delabisa of Apple and asked whose bright idea was it to solicitor's support for Bush was an apc executive decision or gonna headquarters She asked good question you go girl in that amazing Let's see if we can't ask some of our pro bush stories there on a cable Nazi network and we don't we already got nothing but those on a fox Not see network and then of course on a commercial networks. We'll take away your licenses if we don't have more pro bush stories between now and November Wow 567053. I guess I've been like overlooking these calls here, right? Oh, yeah What we might be missing something important WQM hello Oh, sorry. I got to do the break. Oh See now we now we got a new one now we got a new one. We got we got we got we got we got breed whisperer junior changes. Bob 56 four minutes before one at five 60 change the dial okay, Schmendrick Change your underwear change your pantalones change your little panties. Okay And have a great day. Thanks for listening by the way What's going on that pool? Who is the most honest politician in the USA now? Maybe that was him just doing the voice without doing the whispering because that would be three times today Even he usually doesn't get that straight away They probably the real voice the most honest politicians are all quakes 150 60 me Carter 89 Just even to a 56 as in Q 56 John McCain 53 George W. Bush 33 I'll be ashamed out of 473 Bob Graham 28 tennis percentage 16 like his here Howard Dean 14 Charlie Rangles got seven Hello, he's got seven Jim Jeffords three and Phil Nelson's got one You know, Cole Nelson's got one he's got one hey if your conference look like really shabby these days If they're like worn out if they look in really schmutzie here's the answer for you We want to bring them back to life make them look just like you had brand new laid on your floor call our experts at ride concepts That the best in the business of bringing your company back to life which has wild been used in my home for over 20 years now 20 long excruciating years can you even imagine they might as much what they pull out of my carpet's in that period time I don't want to think about it sanitize your home today using drug concept certified train technicians and are exclusive patented dry cleaning method That's right. They drag clean your carpeting same ideas. Right clean your clothing We've some vibrant color soft to the touch smelling lemon. He fresh to dry in a couple of hours You really can clean today and entertain tonight and don't forget to give your written guaranteed price up Fronty four-day start to work. No bad surprises at the end of the job So whether it's your company your area rugs your adraper your upholstery all of these things These are the people you want to trust them to and when you do call dry concepts As soon to put you understand by list, which will save you an extra 15% off the already low price Trust me what I tell you there's nobody in the world as a job like these folks for you dry concepts column tool free at 1-800-248-5071 That's 1-800-248-507-Water check them on a web at dryconcepts.com But it's the one to do hour coming up tonight on inside of a hind of true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story He did more things with his mouth than Courtney love could have her dream of doing He was body with fair and all who were Be happy. Oh, no, not that song. I have to interview that guy according to information posted by the H1 on their website Bobby McFarron creates music by quote Beating noises out of his entire body while amitting a constant accompaniment of guttle noises, clicks, and popping sounds Unfortunately, this also describes a huge percentage of crazy people who like McFarron live in New York City Excuse me, I'm from inside of behind are you Bobby McFarron? No, we're it me happy wait, I think it's Bobby McFarron. No, we're it me happy Because George W. Bush is an alien and John Kerry's jam case brain hidden in his pants Oh man, we were so close Be happy unable to locate Bobby McFarron. We were forced to contemplate his rather annoying little song It's a crock of you know what you're for us to sit a morning resident who at the peak of the song's popularity in 1988 Fell into a fresh machine people would come up to me in my wheelchair My heads in a brace. I'm in a full body cast. I haven't yet regained the power of speech and they're singing that freaking horrible song to me Don't worry Be happy You Bobby McFarron I said bleak cuz I figured you wouldn't let me say Am I right Bobby with fairet bad music is not a victim of crime It's a big juicy shopping with look at your business I One all three excellent five six you've ever hit why you've fast me this thing from this right wing piece of garbage This insane is just for fun the weekly worst the media research and it Get yourself some help Horst to later, okay, man. Oh, man. Now. Let's get to the important stuff, all right National and Quarret Got the big Michael Jackson story and a big Martha Stewart story who just hits 275 pounds. Wow. She's a problem bombshell allegation in Mott molestation case jackos coke and spiritors The inquarrests Michael Jackson's criminal problems mushroom when a surprise new charge of conspiracy to commit extortion child abduction and false imprisonment was Love against him in the child molestation case. What's more? The embattled pop star told a Pinocchio size lie outside the courtroom and he's facing analogues that he did drugs All of these things the bombshell conspiracy allegation means prosecutors have now included other people in the case against the 45 year old entertainer And the inquarers investigate the secret identities of two possible Coal conspirators not name publicly in the grand jury indictment Their former employees of Jackson who helped and deal with the family of the now 14 year old boy was a huge Jackson molesting him and playing a Plym without call in early 2003 after the alleged crime took place police alleged The Jackson cam tried to intimidate the boy and his family with threats took the families belongings and attempted to relocate them to Brazil A source close to the case told the inquire There may even have been death threats levels said the source at one point the boy and his family may have been held hostage in Neverland Meanwhile Jackson had people searching through the boys and his families belongings at another location This really trying to retrieve a laptop computer the Jackson had given to the boy There's a belief that there was increment any evidence against sex on the laptop and the chest was desperate to get it back New York City attorney Joseph Techapena told the inquarve that he represents the two men who may be named Coal conspirators, but he denies the men in Frank Tyson 27 and Vinnie A men was that on men 23 took part in any conspiracy Tyson is known Jackson for more than 20 years recently work as his ass system A men or is it on men and entertainment producer my Jackson true testimony came by's president of M. J. J. Productions As the families relationship with Jackson was deteriorating and the Martin Bashir documentary was creating problems for Jackson Tyson was asked to come to California to work on a rebuttal show and inside her told the inquire Tyson brought a men with him the two ended up minding the boy and his family The family says they were threatened by Tyson name and but Tyson name and offer a completely alternative view They said a mother was an opportunist who wanted Jackson's Continuous financial support and evil wanted him to buy her a house down the road from Neverland the two men also stayed with the young Her cues are in some of his family members around February 2003 when they bashed your documentary aired on ABC The inquire has also learned that prosecutors could potentially bolt to their case against Jackson if they used testimony from a new accuser In our May 3rd issue, we reported that LA police have announced they've invested their investigating a new child Abuse accusation against Jackson this time from a boy who alleges the singer abused him from the age of three You following that? Yeah, three this time from a boy who alleges the singer abused him from the age of three Oh my god Sources of disclose that the boy now 18 says he's had flashbacks of repressed memory of sex with Jackson and seeing Jackson do drugs A police source told the inquire the boy told police he would call Jackson feeding him red wine and a silver goblet What does that Jesus do again In a dark room inside the house Jackson once lived in Enceo, California He also says he saw Jackson do drugs and another shocking twist Jackson told a bald face lie outside the courtroom sent a mania California and to be reached out to potential jurors Jackson said my children were born in this community Which of course is completely untrue? His son Prince Michael seven was born at Cedar Sinai Medical Center in LA while his daughter Paris six was delivered in operating Sweden Beverly Hills Jackson's former wife Debbie Roge birthed about children. It's unclear where his youngest child Prince Michael the truth Who was adopted secretly was born the whole case will come down to who's telling the truth Jack to his accuser said the source close to the case and here Michael pushes foot in his mouth by telling it lie that is a checkable He's got service baby. Go. Just hold never land to just see that 18 million no, I did not just hold never land Well, he's got some bills to pay yeah Take a look at that pull now. I'm ready surprised we had so such a sure list here aren't you? No, no, all in seeing Got the punishment for such violations of human rights There's hairmind gearing ramen spelled by the way. He's gonna like that man. He must have naked pictures of our presidency. When you think I'm being dragged run on a leash Who is the most honest politician in the USA? They're all crooks 176 34 and a half percent Synics like me Jimmy Carter 95 this is out of 5008 votes five away just eventually 62 John McCain 58 look at that Jesse moving into second place of the named peoples John McCain 58 George W. Bush 34 6.6 percent they left the other six out he's Atlantic crystal man They know mistake about it Bob Graham 30 how many's Bob got Bob Dennis, Cassinus 19 Howard Dean 14 Charlie Wrangle eight Hillary Clinton eight Jim Jeffords three and Bill Nelson one how can we input John Kerry on there? I don't know come on Josh. How can we let John Kerry off it? Are you maniac just because you don't like Duncan donuts? Get him on there, please all right. We love those good serious We didn't put that Kennedy on there Didn't what no we didn't put Bob on either while they lied about you know a extraneous stuff Right I mean Ted said he didn't kill a bitch and the bubbles said he didn't get no jobs Come at WQAM hello Yes, sir. Yes, I am I don't have a pole Yeah, well theater Ralph later there you go Ralph later. Maybe crazy, but he's honest is what this guy says okay Now get some votes And he deserves it. He's honest No, he's not honest. He's just crazy just an egotistical bag of win that's it anyway who knows if he's honest or not? I don't think he is don't you remember we had that expose story about him and all the special interest He's full of crap just like all the rest of it See, let me just put it to you this way, all right? Nobody is gonna nobody who's got all kinds of other things going for them Mm-hmm. It's gonna throw it all away for a job that pays a hundred grand a year to a grand a year 60 grand a year like mirrors of some cities unless they got millions and millions in graph waiting for them I don't want to mention mirror pecania Mayer Pecania you know, so I left that out right. Yeah. Well. I have to right. I can't say Mayer Congo pecania. I like that. Let's do there. Let's form a Congoline Always that thing in that story yesterday that combeon. I said cum biag is my ya cum biag. That was pretty boring song. Who did that? cum biag? Another singing done. Oh, man. It was off. I don't know. WQA and hello You have to stay with going on in America for days I'm talking about the game is that you're just you. Yeah, okay, great. WQM. Hello Yeah, I got out some for your poll. Yes, sir Mayor McKeys the only politician I trust Mayor McKeys. How about me? I'm Ronald McDonald I don't trust the name of politicians, but he makes a pretty mean burger. Okay, thanks. How about Hamilton burger, man? I think he ate too many of me choked on him for Hamilton burger. Oh, it's a mess for one. Oh, please don't smoke I'm a good person. That's for wine burger Other idiot 567.0560 pound they're actually these calls that they've been some of the very best of all time when you come right down to it, you know How many times is Reverend Jones in his boyfriend call? About third man and the whisper about third man right and then this other guy that this last one was ever Reverend Jones doing the dark voice. Yes. Yeah, I thought so like I said about Yeah, wait till we see him at the track nice time. I'm gonna stick wally. Hennesse's boys on him. Okay. They're gonna kick your ass man Hey, while I here's the finish line over here, baby, quit looking back 12 and it's after one at five 60 WM you know, Vulme is the only entertainment system that's designed specifically for high definition TV Vulme's got over 35 channels of high definition programming three times more than anybody else Vulme Vio O M has exclusive HD channels. They got it all. They got movies and sports music and news not available on cable or satellite Boom has your favorite cable networks like MTV ESPN CNN Vulme has your favorite local channels both in high definition and standard definition to Vulme's got over a hundred channels of great entertainment and they deliver for you the best picture out earth If you want to tails on this fantastic offer They got going for you right now just make this tool free call call 1 866 848 8666 or check out their website at boom dot com for their limited time offer they give you free installation no up front cost no long-term commitment So better get roomy because this offer ends may 31 calm today toll free and find out what it's all about and then let us know call 1 866 848 86 66 Brand Why you why are you I know my smell attraction But I'm sorry you You still got such a I feel just like that you are my favorite and want you to win another. That's why you are so bad by it. I'm going to go and go and do it. I'm going to go and do it. I'm going to show you what you're doing in a two-five. It's easy to do it. All right, that's enough. One-eighteen, just calm down, Eric. I got your email, but a quiz that won't come through because my computer is black. Potentially unsafe and violent filthy and disgusting crap you were trying to send me. I saw someone who was words on there, I think they had a point. But anyway, my email's working. All right, let's calm down, Eric. Okay, relax. Here's a fact that says, your audience might find this site interesting. Issues2.org slash default.htm. Better? I'm sure you do. I wrote it all down. It is called, on the issues, every political leader on every issue. The site interactively allows the browser access any state and check out, and it's a bit of a big deal. All right. Oh, please. Cracker, please. Now here's a fact that says, maybe not well known in the banana republic Bob Wexler. Sure he is good old Bob, but try to get them vote machines with a paper trail. So we know what else going on. Bob Wexler, good man. Palm Beach County Guy. Got him? Robert Wexler, W.E. X. L.E.R. Got him, Josh. I'm sure you do. Thank you. There's somebody we can trust, right? Right. Josh. How about Larry Smith? Sorry. 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. It's been tough getting it to many more names on this list because they're just 820 honest folks running around. It's a short list. It's a really short list. Now warn you that right off the get go. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Yes, hello, Bob. Mayor Rudy, do we? How about him? I think he's got the anonymous guy. Okay, let's put on. Okay, thanks. See, okay, don't. Rudy Giuliani, you got him? We got him. Okay. He wasn't mean to honest to his X, Y, I guess. But that kind of stuff we don't care about. The Hanky, thank you. Like somebody once told me, every guy's got their banana stuff, you know? What told you? Gary Lawrence told me that. W.E.Y. and Z. Man, I thought that was a very good way of putting it. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, wireless line. Course, don't be saying that like in Tampa. You don't want to mean? No, I've never seen a banana split. Especially at Bush Gardens, don't be saying stuff like that. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. The Senate aburred from West Virginia. Sir, our proper former client member, right, thank you. Bobby Bird put him on there, Robert Bird. He's just turned 120 years old, and look at over 121. A dead man in the suit. He was on that committee this morning, along with a lot of other very objectionable people like you, Lieberman. WQAM, hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. Charles Ringley. Charlie Ringley, he's not our ain't doing too well, but he's got his honor. Thank you. Good man, I like him a lot. God, I have his own show. The fact that they ought to do is put him on or instead of that, then those two goofballs, the ball did James Carvalon, who's the other one, Paul Begala, on Crossfire, man. They are so wimpy and weak, and then they got that bow tied mother, careful, his name. Mother Carlson, that's his name. Oh, and speaking of things we can't see on a year, excuse me for taking so long to bring this to your attention. What the hell is that spot that our operations manager, Mark, no, no listen to me. I'm serious. We had a discussion while it was going. Listen, all this is up there. We can't see it. I almost had a nervous breakdown. I nearly had a stroke when at John, when at Glenn Campbell thing was playing before. Trying to punch everything. I didn't know what they'll do. Whether the screamer peel up an Anna. But here's a guy who's given us a song that's well, the corporates is this, and given us a new list every day. And in the meantime, he's doing a spot about constipation and defecation. What the hell is that? If that in esquiteria activity sweetheart, I never heard of it in my life, okay? Sounds pretty excretely to me. Constipation and that I mean, the constipation of the leg of her? Painful. Yeah. I was getting a little twitched this year and about it. My God. Constipation and defecation? Are we really that disparate? I guess they pay a prana. No, no, no. See this audience. I'm joking about that. We don't care who you are, what's your peddling? What kind of snake real salesman you are? Because we can relate to it. We got a whole bunch of those anyway. We won't, if you pay, especially a prana, we'll put your spot on here, okay? Copermagnetic bracelets. I mean, you name it anything. You could pay behind. No. Well, back in the day, I would say something about that, but I can't no more. Just something to do with it. Mark the collapses. Mark the steward. Poor bitch. Pals for a suicide as he hits 275 pounds. Domestic diva terrified of going to prison. Mark the steward is below door all time. High up to 135 pounds reports the inquire and is on a verge of mental and physical collapse. So severe that friends fear she could take her own life. The 62-year-old Domestic diva has increasingly turned to food for solace as she faces about. Good, they should got a lot of fucking experience, you know? As she faces the June 17th sentencing date following her conviction on conspiracy and obstruction of just as charges exclusive in choir photo. Staffed outside Martha's Manhattan office in April show. The multi-millionaires who almost always appeared meticulously groomed in public, shockingly overweight and disheveled. Oh my God. Shockingly and they got a picture here, man. She's got a perfect, that would make Oprah embarrassed. A monster age, I get a giant. And they soon to be in prison the crowd. Martha's terrified of the thought of being locked up with criminals and targeted by lesbians. Oh, oh. She's arguing with her attorneys badly or badly and wracked by the perceived betrayal of her longtime close friend, Marianna Pastonak, or the Pasco-Nyak. Other friends have begged her to get her medication, com or fear and rage is, but they say Martha and Siston, using food as their only tranquilizer, those closest to Martha fear for her, a friend told the inquire. She appears to be having a breakdown, and she suffered a physical collapse, weeks after the Goliw verdict Martha's heartbreak completely overwhelmed her, and she broke down a collapsed and a heap. Why are they doing this to me she cried? And she's in denial about her huge weight gain before the trial is illegal, the lowest-mouthing, the once-velled Martha reached 250 pounds, since then she's put another 25 pounds for an all-time high of 275. Her clothes don't fit her, their far too tight, but she goes right on munching rich foods and washing them down with vintage wines. She's just right like, you know, she realizes she's on limited time, right? She's lovin' it up while she's here. While Martha desperately needs friends, she can no longer trust Marianna Pastonak or Fentford 20 years who turned against her, with embarrassing revelations during the trial and blockbuster testimony, Marianna said Martha told her she sold in clone systems ink shares after learning the biotech company's founder was dumping his stock, and she quoted Martha as saying, isn't it nice to have a broker who tells her these things? It was a shocking betrayal from a close friend and although Marianna slightly backed off the statement later in the trial, the damage had been done. So, the friend, Martha considers Marianna a turncoat, some who did whatever the prosecutor's wanted. See, the fact of the matter is that since this bitch, Martha Stewart was a broker herself, right, that's what senses it for me. She had forgotten about that. She wasn't there, like, is he what was going on? She knew what she was doing? And now they're on the throw her in, every other stock, work her the all- belonging jail together, man. Every single one of you are a bunch of thieves, you're a bunch of snake roll salesmen, even make ourselves a permanent cue animal look good. And that's almost impossible, even make very sarnar look almost human. And by the way, Gary, look out the window of the plain, baby. You're going to see a real close-up view of New York. Or maybe it would be North Carolina, you think? Keep them out of there. But that's right, they don't cut in his kind of North Carolina. I'm sorry. But that's okay. There'll be some other saleshold come along to kind of pick up the pieces as they say, Gary. You idiot. Anybody that's keeping track at home, maybe I probably people in the audience have like a little, you know, a little diary. Sure, for the show. Anybody that's keeping track, Gary's sarnar is number one now with four bullets, okay? Has Todd Rickler, he was sitting still. 26 after one, a QAM. I want to take it about our friends at the financial group. You know, if you're going to be talking about them, and they're a credible only one mortgage program with an unbeatable, one and one quarter percent rate for the purchase or refinance of your home. One and a quarter percent. It is positively. On. That's just $334 bucks a month if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan. If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are just six, six, eight a month. Now they're advertising on TV. They're all over the radio. The program is so exciting. It's that everybody's talking because the only one mortgage makes it possible. And only financial group makes it available to you. So refinance your current home. Get money for renovations. Move to another home and never pay fees or closing costs again. You pay zero closing costs. Zero credit bureau fees. Zero application fees. Zero discounted. Point zero everything. This be for real. Just call financial group to find out more. Toll free. It's one. 86395. That's one. 86395. L.E. And it's the only one mortgage. The only mortgage you'll ever need. There are an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions apply. 4.25 APR rates subject to change monthly. 5. Local. 86560. 3 years old yours. QAM. Niam. Come on. Well, the makers of CSI comes show about tackling the nastiest criminals on the planet. Wacking morning show DJs. It's FC CSI. Okay, people. We've got a shock-jock making. Schedulatrical comments about the female anatomy. Let's roll. See the guardians of the ginsengies and see take down the pervellers of film on FC CSI. So, then you guys make juggies. Don't complain with strange men. A lot of points. You guys get that? I get that three points. Two juggies. A big dangler and a Lewinsky. Sir, we've got a case. Let's move. Okay. I'll take call it 14. Protect us. Freeze. FC CSI. What will we want to do? You're under arrest for the indecency on the airway. Come on, man. Dude. Okay. You let me go. I'll give you a morning suit. I don't want your t-shirt. Come. I want your ass in jail. Excuse me. Can you say ass? Sure. I can. I'm not on the radio. I'm a TV. FC CSI. Only on CDX. When we're not exposing Janet Jackson's breast on the Super Bowl, we're exposing some really serious crime. Oh, let's abuse some more prisoners. They then scream nice and loud. Get me some wars and a fath shri-pack. I don't care if they hate from my gratitude for you. You do do the torture. Cause we're just playing their game. In the past, it had to be worse with the dumb who's saved. 132 at 560wcm. Come out to the Humper from Seminal Hollywood. Seminal gambling plunging from 4 to 7. Only Senator Vot against the Patriot. It can also are only friend and broadcasting in the Senate. Russ Feingoldovovskosen. He belongs on their way away. Got him? We got him. And Carl Levin of Michigan isn't ready. They're suffering. Glasses. Those grandad glasses Carl get him on their two please. He was on a committee this morning. But he beat by the boop by the. Now let's see. Zefer Hills and every place else southeast of Idaho might have a street name for Martin Luther King. But Papa O'Beech has a street. Yeah, we knew that. Didn't we actually in Avenue Northwest through it. Have a name for a two African American hero. Esther Roll Avenue. To want good times. Had for Esther Roll Avenue right. Roll out the barrel. And she kind of looked like one when he come right down to it. PS. Any chance you might play your book or blanket that mentioned the great Miss Roll for those of us Still down here in the land of the free home of the river. What bit is that? Second Negro network. No. 560560 pound 560 bomb petty west on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Oh, this is a good article by Molly Ovin. I'm glad I saved the really good stuff right for the ass in here. The water. The ass in. You know the end where you have like constipation and deprecation and things like that. Painful deprecation. I'm sorry. Man. Oh, man. I always said that that muffler real pain in the ass but good God. That's coming up again. So. Is it really? Yeah, let's probably what. So to speak. That's what parents told me. Anyway. Molly Ivins writes that was no fraternity hazing an albu grime prison. She says, let's get real on Fox so-called news. From our army sergeant Tony Robinson was allowed to claim without contradiction. Now what happened at the prison in Abu grave was no worse than fraternity hazing. Rush Limbaugh concurors. Let me speak up on behalf of the capa six k azen even deets. We're only minor branding incidents occurred when George W. Bush was the head of the head deet. The ale. This is straight from the report of major general Antonio Taguba. Between October and December 2003 at the Abu grave confine facility, numerous acts of statistic blamed that wanted criminal abuses were inflicted on several detainees. The systematic analytical abusive detainees was intentionally perpetrated by several numbers of the military police guard force. The allegations of abuse were substantiated by detailed witness statements and the discovery of extremely graphic photographing evidence including the following acts. Punching and slapping and kicking detainees jumping on their naked feet, video-taving and photographing naked male and female detainees, forcibly arrange detainees in various sexually explicit positions for photographing, forcing detainees to move their clothing and keeping them naked for several days at a time, forcing naked male detainees to wear women's underwear, forcing groups of male detainees to masturbate themselves while being photographed in video tape, arranging naked male detainees in a pile and jumping on them, a male MP guard having sex with a female detainee, using a military working dogs to intimidate and find detainees, and at least one case budding and severely injury detainee, taking photographs of dirty wacky detainees, breaking chemical lights and pouring phosphoric liquid on detainees, beating detainees with a broom handle in the chair, threatening male detainees with rape, Sodomizing detainee with a chemical item perhaps a broomstick. There it is, just face up to what equipment you excuse us, I've spurred you so much disgusting details she says. In our continuing quest to understand how we got where we are, let us turn our attention to off-matchelabi. He's the most plausible common and it comes with excellent credentials. Fordue a prominent Iraqi family in 1944, exiled in 58 with buckets of family money, went to MIT at age 16, got his PhD in math from the University of Chicago, where he first encountered one of the founders of the Neal Concert of Movement, Albert Wallsteader. According to a profile in salon.com, he'd there met future Neal Conleaders, Richard Pirl and Paul Wolfowitz. salon reports he's charming worldly in a skill that networker. What follows is a complicated business financial history, leading to the founding of the Petra Bank in Jordan in 1977. Chalabi had ties both of the sheath theocracy in Iran and the sheath I'm Al-Malashian Lebanon. He also helped finance Sodom Hussein's trade with Jordan during the 80s according to salon. By 1986 Petra had a billion dollars in annual trade with Iraq. The bank collapsed and Chalabi was convicted of embassment and fraud he was fled to Jordan for London. As head of the Iraqi National Congress funded by the US, Chalabi continued to push for the overthrow of Sodom. The US is still paying him and his organization's� in 50 grand a month. His association with Neal Conhots continued, even though both the CI and the State of Armour concluded he was untrustworthy, the intelligence he provided to the Bush administration before the war consistently proved to be wrong and fraudulent. So why did the Neal Conh's trust him despite his record? My theory is that there's a terrible knife-tabod Neal Conhs that often deludes him believing what they want to be true. Remember the time that convinced themselves don't as Sadim B. of Angol was a great freedom fighter? For anyone who knew Sadim B's record it was gagged me with a spoon city but the kept insisting that this disgusting human was a hero. Other Neal Conhs so hated saying that he's just anicorado with a back-drug runners and creeps of all the scripts against them. The Neal Conhs fell for Chalabi for one reason. He said he would help Israel. Once it almost overthrown, he said he would reinstate these Iraqis really pipeline. We organized, recognized Israel and trade with Israel. Chalabi with our backing became a member of the current Iraqi governing council. He is also made his nephews into power players and post-war Iraq. Gone are the promises about Israel, but they're justified in that most Iraqis believe Chalabi corrupt me on counting. Even some of the Neal Conhs who have so long discounted the CIA and state department reports about Chalabi's essential dishonesty are staring to doubt him. Could this entire disaster in Iraq be as simple as we was Con? Yep. Why AP? There's the answer at the bottom of Molly Arvin's column. Yep. We was Con. Ahmed Chalabi, what I tell you is an embedded rock crook against a piece of crap. A Neal Con of the worst sort. Is there any other kind? 560560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Who is the most honest politician in the USA? 25 of us, that's a third. Say they're all crooks. You turned to make card of 115. Just even 2076, John McCain 67 George W. Bush 39.6.4% say the Bush-myster W can be trusted. Sure. 5334 Dennis Cassin is 22 Howard Dean 17. Charlie Wrangles got eight. Hillary Clinton's got eight. John Kerry 4. Jim Jeffords 4. Rudy Giuliani's got a pair. Bill Austin got two. Ralph Nader 2. Bobby Wuxler 2. Bobby Burton Russ-Fingle so far out of the big. Oh, I have a 6.07. Keep it track of all that. Oh yeah. Good. 242560 WQM when you shop for quality. Footwear there's only one place to think about that. That's Brandy's in poverty beats. Steven Newton right for years and years forever. At Brandy's you'll find the biggest selects and men's of women's shoes. The best service to best prices in town. So what's not to like? No matter which brand is your favorite. They got them all. They got rock ports. Floreschime, SAS, spirit, timpola, naturalizer and lots more. And with Brandy's humongous selection. You can just about that Greg Reid's life on. That whatever shoe you want, they got it in your size and stock right now. Right to slap on your foot. In fact, people love Brandy so much when they come back over and over again. They usually buy several pair on each visit. Brandy's is open daily 9-9-9 Sundays 10-5-0-0-5. But, 12-9-0-0-0 highway in Palpano Beach. It's always worth a 50-metre where you are. And don't forget all this week. At Brandy's it's a great time to buy new balance shoes. All great men's and women's new balance styles. 21st and off this week. At Brandy's. So come and explore a visit on the website. Brandy's shoes.com. We're sports radio 5-6-1. Do we have... Cheese. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We're joining the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. We'll be in the middle of the night. We're going to be in the middle of the night. You can imagine all get through the Humphrey 4 from the Asceminal Old Far Cameling Place. And then we got Warren Cromarty to Crow at 7. As the Pre-Pre game, the Pre-Fore Play deal. And then we got the Marlins on deck at 7. 30 Marlins at the Astro is 8. What is it? 805, 80 can't do the game. How about all of that? Got it. Good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT and T. And Verizon, I still can't stop thinking about that spot that of all people. If Tommy would have cut it, you know what I mean? Many can't help it. Call your friends. But good, Golly Miss Molly, mufflin' Z to win a spot about constipation and death end. And was it painful? Painful Defication. Come on, I can say is. Oh my God. What's coming next? WDQAM, hello. Hey, Uncle New York. Yeah, pretty good. Hey, you know you're talking about that spot that you're ripping on for the Defication or whatever? Yes. Hey, yesterday during Neal Show, our night Neal Show, but during Hank Show, they have this new spot where they're calling for men who suffer from premature hijout. Yeah, we have that one. Yeah, we have that one too. Hey, it is also here that the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, um, the, um, the, um, down in Tampa, whatever. Sling, shondred the Virgin Mary, you know, the picture that everybody was worshiping. The ones with the window. Yeah, I have both the window, they call that one. I didn't know that they, that happened. That must have happened when I was looking the other way. No, they got them. Well, thank the Lord for that. That's how that's the, that's the, your thanks, Pally. No problem. I'll rest, I'll rest well tonight. Aren't you pleased? Uh, he's sling shut at the Virgin Mary on the side of the bank, though, in gosh, dang. I'm just taking you somewhere. That's right. Well, I'm looking up this envelope here, so I can put it in the box and I can live up to my, but I told Eric here. There you go, Eric, it's in the, it's in the bag. Did a bag, Eric, see, I take care of my business. 560, 560, pound 560. I'm not a nervous Nelly, like some people. I know I don't want to mention no names. You understand. Look at that, there's only one line ring in I could get the rest of this material here, but that would be back, because I'm sure we have some very important calls coming in between now and to a clock, don't you think? I don't say. WQAM, hello. How you doing, Neil? Pretty good, sir. Good. I'm not a good decision, not a pro pole, but on Thursday instead of a pole, have us like a mock vote. A mock vote. A mock vote. A mock vote? A mock vote? Yeah, you know, I just see what the listeners, both of us are the ones who think would be a lot for kids. Yeah, we do that periodically once in a while, but every Thursday is a little over the top, okay, plus we got to let some go in vote too, not just juice. 560, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T and variety. I mean, can you imagine that? Hey, pal, are you a great car or you're a wonderful American? I wish you a great life, but that's that a program, okay? We got to promise us it is. Believe me, with the difficult, painful deprecation. Seriously, I mean, I'm not even thinking about Glenn Campbell anymore. That pails into wood significance. Yeah. I mean, at least I didn't consciously anticipate, you know, I'm not saying it was an an active intent. But the idea, the idea that we're taking money to put this kind of crap, if I can say that on the ear. Wow. Come to QAM, hello. I mean, at least I didn't count. QAM. I'm saying it was an active bug. Yeah, I got that radio just cranked up. It sounded like he's got his head right on the speaker. QAM, hello. Yeah, how are you? Pretty good. How are you? Yeah, thank you. I hope you're going to have Jimmy Carter on them. Yeah, we do. So Jimmy Carter's leading the way, man, he's got 121 votes. Oh, man, that guy just makes my stomach boil. Yeah. Does he give you, like, does he create difficult, painful defecation for you? Yes, he does. There was a guy who stayed there for us from 1972 to 1982 to between the time that he was in and Reagan was in. He just sent a lot of guys to their death on unfortunate. Yes, he did. But you can't even go all present and do that? Yes, they do, sir. But unfortunately, he sent him with the wrong equipment and that's why what happened in desert. Kind of like sounds like what's happening right now is a matter of fact. Exactly. That's clear. They sent us out into that desert and they messed up and we wanted to go forward and he said, no, come on back. We'll give him a pass. Yeah, but look at the good job. He did with those hostages and Iran, man. Yep, it's right. Exactly. It was the mess. You know, it just turns my stomach. Thanks a lot, Neil. Good luck to us, Pally. Thanks. And ready, got back in one piece anyway. Watch out for that depleted uranium. Well, that's really what you were about it. Huh? That depleted while you werey about it. Oh, ho ho ho. And then it goes, it's got pictures in this book of some of the troops, you know, hovering in some of the locals, hovering over some of these vehicles that have been, you know, a shot up and, of course, the depleted uranium were some of the pictures. It's just, yeah, it says, and he made it aftermath of the first Gulf War. Allied troops climbed aboard Shattered Iraqi vehicles and searched the souvenirs and the spray paint them with graffiti. No one was awarded the possible long-term health hazard posed by lingering depleted uranium residue. And then, of course, the kids of these veterans are turned out with all kinds of grotesque birth defects, and which we have some pictures. Oh, this book, it's, uh, it's scary. Most reading, spinning on the axis of evil America's war against Iraq by vesseling off of an award-winning journalist Scott Taylor. It's in paperback. Go out and buy it. Read it. Spread it around, okay? Spread it. WQAM, hello. Sheldon's suki, whip. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. This is the neorogger show. Sir, yes, you're on it. What do you want? WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. I got a name for your poll. Okay. Who is it? Little Neil. Little Neil. Okay. Little Neil. You got that? Is that what you call it? Wow. WQAM, hello. I know. Thank you for coming back. I know it takes a lot of patience to do. Well, it does. Now, when you got these paychecks coming baby, when you get the money, you got those big fat paychecks, I couldn't get a crampless. Okay. I got my brain wet on the right spot, nomad. Okay. Well, I just wanted to tell you that did you, did anyone actually the article? Or I didn't get a chance to check your website this morning. But the commander of the operations is saved, the Iranian hostages, said at a commencement speech that he was glad that the operation failed because had it succeeded in Jimmy Carter would have been reelected as president. Now, this is the commander of the operation. Yeah. Did anyone factor through the EF? No, but I'm glad you told me about it and have a calm down, have a great life. Well, he is so, so he motion is so over the top. You know, good and good. Good and good. Good man. Have you been your part? You're going to take that break already, so I can hear that spot. Hear what's fine? Our new people are about to be a difficult to defecation. That's fine. That's coming up by the way, everybody. So I would just go to the right order and the edge of your seat. Yeah. Right on the edge of your seat. That's right. It may be painful, but just moziano over right to the edge of your seat there and put your ear up to the radio. One fifty to a QA and buy a mattress can be done confusing. So many brands, different model names that are restored. It's almost impossible to compare. Plus, all the phony sales, phony promises with strings attached. You really need to read the fine print, which is why dial a mattress is so un- Un-feelable, believable. It's the easiest possible way to buy a mattress when you call 1-800 mattress. You get the prices on the best brands. With your delivery on your schedule, the best customer service in a business, why would you want to buy a mattress any place else? Parliamentress won the 2004 Better Business Bureau of Local Torch Award for Excellence because they work harder than anybody else during your business before during an act of the sale. When you call 1-800 mattress and speak with under expert betting consultants, you can rest assured you're getting the best possible mattress. Choose from a complete line of silly, surters, Simmons, King Cruel, temperedic and Stewards of an Anis Foster. Parliamentress takes same day orders all day long from Kittles to Sture Palm Beach to Ford Mires. Call 1-800 mattress right now and you pick the day into our delivery window. You want your mattress delivered? They're on time 99.7% of the time you can't beat that. On one of their Ziggins is satisfied customers, you call them first. Just the first time and you will be too forever. Give them a call 1-800 mattress along under their website, macros.com. That'll macros 1-800-MATTRES the easiest possible way to get to a great night sleep for years to come. How young is too young? More than a couple of perfect spectacular things on the paper, how many people will cover it to feed a better pet. It's a good one, both young and the star of the series. We got the week down, what in the wild? One of them were young, wondering why they were. They didn't matter to keep that bread in the ground. We couldn't like my home, but I have a pretty face. Good and shingy, could not be. It's no matter if a penny is buried. They were had a real change. We were always doing the same thing on the moon's bread. We're still running on your steam and tired of your spite. If I had to find you, you are full-fay eye, now go away. Oh, where am I going? I'm just eating so few at the bottom of your voice, maybe want to shoot myself when it does. He's going. Oh, bread for a little purple, baby. So don't move in the other location. Ooh, I agree with you there, baby. I'm much taller than clay, and much tinier than a rubber. I'm always always free. We're having nice effects. I won't have to keep it on to free. We'll try to live forever. I can't watch the x-cream. Oh, hell. Without hearing your crying little shriek. Who brought your eyes? Thanks for the funding, and there's more reason. Ooh, you're certainly well-grabbed with yours. But now that you've done you must be with me. I can't let them flap so I'm going. Just like a once-on-a-time breeze. Like a warm breeze over my bare butt dog. You're round and don't. I'm out the door. Let go. Let go. Oh, you're all gone. Stephen's hideous, bad-bye. The funny thing you are both, they are the way. We should, the homies, baby. All hard works, but John's serious. So, you have Stephen's hope. You let fun, you voice, baby. Wanted you to myself with a gun. It's going away. Or I find that lovely humorous. You should know who be on the no-clay. What is your specialty? I told her it was going to be good, didn't I? Oh, yeah. You were special. And what happened yesterday when we had that glitch for, did we ever figured out that somebody goes the pot in the other room or... Nope. Huh? Nobody's telling us. But it was a mystery. I think somebody was dealing in the other room. Or maybe somebody was just suffering from some painful... Yeah? Yeah. Defication. Anyway, here's our pool result. See how this all kind of fits together. Who is the most honest politician he was to say? But you see, fits? They're all crooks, two-nineteen. Jimmy Carter, 125, just even 281. John McCain, we haven't 72. And George W. Bush, 44 or 6.6% Hang your heads in shame. Bye-bye-bye! The new weather show, I'm flying. You can't wait. I'm planning for my day. I don't do my job as well when I'm constipated.