I'm so like y'all they me y'all they I wonder how it sounds in H.D. TV digital huh? Why the you Preston What is bucket hit more what I think he passed me like I was standing still Great heat Iceball Joe You command rate 8 desde Great heat Super Mario I'm a priest and I'm doing time before I'm both to judge before and hope is done I say I'm close to God Oh my God, hey, you want to go me I'm new, be on the game man The mama, she wants to be something Who's even can't Get one day, I think I'm a demon Give for me and say You've heard I'm both to and I'm both by But God, shake, where's he So now I'm both to judge When I get up, I'll ride In the sky, I'm both to judge I'm both to judge when I'm the video game And in every 10 hours, I'm going I smoke through joy I smoke through joy I smoke through joy In time, I'm free As you in time, I'm both to judge I'm both to judge I'm both to judge I say I'm close to God Hey, you want to go me So you'll be on the game man The mama, she wants to be something Who's even can't get one day I'm a demon, give me a day More on Oh, who's good, give me a day So shake, where's he So now I'm both to judge If he's going I smoke through joy That night I smoke through joy If he's happy I smoke through joy I smoke through joy Fuck this time of tears As you in time, I'm both I smoke through joy And in every 10 hours, I'm both to judge I'm both to judge Oh, who's good, give me a day I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm about that I'm in the parliament How they got him cornered I've been at Laezawa hearing Yeah, whatever They just like Sam Ed Over and over again That's Dr. Alsawa hearing you See So take a look at this Thanks to Alhandro and Miami And Diane and Key Largo And Tanya and Coconut Creek The three latest South Florida people to sign These stop FCC dot competition Nice going guys 57,868 signatures Scott Scott There we go We're gonna close in the past 60,000 Over the weekend for sure Way past I think it was only about 43,000 When we first discovered this on Monday About new one I called in Right? Something like that Because it Monday or Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday So we're already almost up to 60,000 The only problem is that they're just Some people out there I don't want to mention any names We just aren't doing their job See the thing of it is clear Channel isn't it let any of their people go On here and promote this thing Because I just isn't in their best interest To roughly any more feathers with the FCC Especially since they're getting fined Every day more fines today Which we're getting into You know what I mean? Oh we're fine Yeah Yeah So we got 6284 from Florida People who've signed a petition Which is a far cry from the 1700 that we're on there When we discovered this thing Past New York like it was standing still Like somebody killed him all in New York 4102 Almost 2200 signatures have New York state With their 20 million people and with their big mouth on the air personalities It's really it It's an embarrassment Would you be embarrassed and humiliated? Embarrassed? And humiliated Nadine says I'm finally going through my recorded tapes of your show How precious they are to me now more than ever You got an ADN you go girl Back in the day when we could actually say something I fast you for 24th never really expecting for a censorship to grip us so quickly Condolisa and kiss AIA will soon be memories of our free past Speak out people email the FCC and anybody who listen Do it while you still have your freedom and vote Neil I'd be lost without hearing you Thank you your great motivator my friend And a true freight you patriot love Nadine Yeah, I love the patriots How about those maple leaves? Oh yeah, miracle Boy talk about just folding like an accordion right there at the end But hung on for dear life nice gone Now JJ Jackson is a dead die John JJ Jackson when 1980s helped us through in the music video era as one of the first MTV honor Personalities is died he was 62 remember him He died sure Jackson the long time radio station this jockey died of an apparent heart attack Wednesday While driving home from dinner in LA friends in the radio industry colleagues said yesterday he was fat He was fat probably had a big dinner probably put him right over the age and then died probably had a big heart I talked to him like two days ago JJ was in a great place at Mark Goodman long time friend Also work with Jackson as a VJ when MTV started in 1981 It's incredible so incredibly sad it happened like this He died and the statement MTV said Jackson's love of music and good humor helped set the tone for the cable music network and its formative years It's too bad the wrong Jackson died I can think of a couple of others people would be dancing in the streets if they died but it was the wrong Jackson who died You know I'm thinking I'll tell you Keep it yourself Now R.B. I don't know what to do we got so much going on here again today But I'm going to be very mellow to them not going to get all whipped up like the last few days not good for me No, it's not it's not good for anybody just a little or too much of that not something new to my heart Is good I got a good squeeze Okay, that's what my doctor's a Cleveland clinic said my close personal friend and doc they said you got a good squeeze I said yes, oh yeah See I can't even say what we're nearly I would say there I can't say that why I don't know I guess I could say squeeze this I could say that could night Okay, we're not talking about what no I just I well, that's why I looked about 20 seconds in there squeeze this I got a stress ball of squeeze right now Which in these words are sounds did you find most offensive we got Elm a first non here today a great picture George if I do say so myself I search pain stakingly she will turn in 10 days from now she'll turn 40 and you never know it no She'll turn some heads when I see that picture on air of Elm a person behind the beaded curtain you must be 85 years older above and you must run over one of your neighbors first before you look at it We get to that story to that's tragic. That's pathetic. It is so typically floored down Which in these words are sounds you find most offensive well 76% said none of the above which those 76% that's for you guys. Okay And then another 24% almost a quarter we have 2395 vote holy moly man. I guess I should wait a second we can get 2400 Let's listen to Roland colon lies some more To reguevel our efforts. Okay good Refresh it you think we're gonna give the 2400 Good now I can't get it to pop up on there. So I'm gonna make a few more people to let you down and now 2401 see good 76% 1825 said none of the above I'm not offended by which it would seem to me and of course some of the words on there we we never used on a show But the reason that I took this poll if you weren't listening us today is that we got a I guess I better read it again See we make the mistake of assuming that people listening like round or clock to this station into this show four hours of everybody and they should be listening to show They ought to end at the end of Joe roses show where he ripped a mole and I asked which I thought was fabulous I was going Joe you demand So yesterday we get this memo and again the circumstances surrounding the memo are so pathetic because Corporate the bees that broadcast in corporations still has not supplied us this is this is only in writing because I requested that it be given to us in writing because I don't have the could of memory now I remember the seven other words that we know from 30 years ago how many years ago But these are Conditions as everybody in a radio industry is now paying their pants. I'm going to say that a lot while we still can't say that paying their pants. Okay, you said get it at pee Their pants not see how to say peeing their pants. Let's just say pee. Well, just talk about the initial we have been well because the problem with that is a good Stanford something's on his list like the very first ones We've been informed from our corporate attorneys that in addition to the so called seven dirty words the following words and sound effects are considered course language and our prohibited now That's interesting course language No listen to me. I'm trying to think where it was in the latest dictates from the FCC not only in decent speech and obscene speech, but now course language like like that I think that's why they probably had a fire You know who for well because that's right. See that was Sound like course Yeah, all the time and you can't just can't do that no gravel road like any way they're considered course language and our prohibited I mean I don't understand what that means course language You know, so we took a poll on this and we'd listed the words and also the fart noises which I can say that we just can't play them anymore after all No, you know, I started using the a whole word on i and z and we were playing that i95 a whole song in 1986 that 18 years ago Here we are 18 years later taking big gigantic steps back out of the stone age. It's really a scary 18 years later. Oh, can't say that Well, how come while we just decide because we said so okay Anyway, so none of the above 1836 the t w word 200 and two see I'm not even going to risk saying the words fart sounds 96. I don't believe that You think that there's any adult out there any anybody over the edge of two that's offended by an out of any age You only time to be offended by a fart sound if it was like where do you standing in line at public or maybe an crowded elevator Plus, huh like in your face Right then you'd be a fender maybe like on a plane when one of those big fat Dutchmen is talking to his buddy and has been over with his big fat button your face and then all of a sudden well if it was on a plate would it be a flying Dutchman Fart sounds 96 next time I'm going Dutch tree the PUS word 83 which again. I don't I all depends on usage, but they say no no no just okay The CO word 80 the debug has got But it's a whole 22 SPag 18 The vice president's first name, Cheney's first name 17 The T word for boobs Little bitty booby 13 of the PR word for penis 12 and H on four out of 24 and 13 both it's exercise so silly and so embarrassing and this is what America has become Your neighbors and friends and kids and relatives are dying and a war based on lies every single day there are innocent people dying How do you like to expect that hundred and billion dollars fighting terrorism as opposed to starting into legal war based on oil and the crap? Yes, the shares the war. I'm just thinking a hundred billion dollars. We're going a long way toward the fight in terrorism and maybe maybe capturing all these evil to worse a long time ago as opposed to like now maybe having alzoa hearing that's doctor alzoa hearing a cornered maybe. 1013 at five 60 WQAM your Station spring of the savings right now and save life never before on a new car truck from armstrong's Toyota of homestead. You'll find them on US one not that far from you They're only 20 minutes off of the eight thirty six and it's worth the drive because they're gonna save it thousands on great new Toyota's. Check out these great leestials waiting for you right now And oh for camera or for runner for just two hundred and sixty nine bucks a month for forty eight months How about an oh for a highlander for just three oh nine a month need a truck how about an oh for Toyota Tundra the safest truck in America You pay only a hundred and seventy nine bucks a month for forty eight months One seventy nine a month even George could squeeze that out these are just some of the savings going on right now At armstrong's Toyota homestead and now with the toll increases on the turnpike on people using cash armstrong's will give your free son pass when you buy your new car or truck there to General manager David rich in a stamp will do just about anything out of the sun to put you in a great new Toyota today The country deal experienced the armstrong Toyota homestead difference are locally owned and operated there are committed to a hundred percent Customer satisfaction put in a smile on your post their service department is even open late till eight week nights to make sure your service work is done They're located at US one in two ninety-third and homestead just one minute south of the Ola 36 so do yourself a humongous favor Don't waste your time at those big fat hot shot mega dealer or car giants whoever promise under deliver and then get you there The Riship under false pretenses don't do it called David rich the GM at armstrong's Toyota homestead at 305 24232 47 305 24232 47 Travel little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at armstrong's Toyota of homestead No, you're a fair Toyota million times and an am no thanks young raffle I'm diabetic but a preachy live of the offer So tell me ice what's it like to want to kill your mother right now. I'm just thinking about killing you Oh, you're a young apple and the Williams like character the anointing Christmas on oh hold up on an answer there Skittles its Christina Mandy Aguilara spears I'd recog agnazer anywhere excuse me brembed mine if I lick your neighbor Do get away from me you sick Oh, no way you're one hot chili pepper me cool doll face Oops you did it again you'll break in that face all over the place Oh, it comes to come to large black men. I think they're weighing chon clan a clan man was up Oh, they're pointing something at me. Yeah, it looks like six heavy artillery machine guns How they get those past security This is It's 10 20 at five 60 it's a miracle that there's not one more new that we had to believe amazing. Let's go on Join the big oh or land the Well sugary the big oh You need to do today for rising wireless in bulk on the corner of blades road lines haven't on the summer side shops right next to wheel chamblings join For prizes and giveaways and to see the latest lesson for rising wireless products. This is not a promo. This is a commercial Miguel Once again, that's Verizon wireless a few non-03 blades road in Boca. He's starting to play that the fast and loose crap again And I don't like it. I'm getting really porked off with your good close personal friend. He didn't always speak of that Elle I'm a person her pictures behind the being a curtain you must be at least 92 years old to see it and you must click on there And John asked craft his monitoring you and he's gonna make damn sure it's so don't lie Ellen or Gow that was her real name. She was born March 29, 1964 in Sydney, Australia Who original plan was to study pre-law at Sydney University, but when the 18 year old sick-foot beauty was discovered in Aspen, Colorado She was immediately decided a click modeling agency She soon became a staple of El magazine posting for the magazine for six years while her town of his model was undeniable Her marriage to the fashion magazine's creative director Gilles Bensamon for the security relationship with the magazine She ventured into the world of exercise videos motivating and teaching people out of stay fit to hopefully end up with the body like hers Probably something every woman would love she showed off her body on the cover of the much coveted sports illustrated Swimson issue in 94 with models Kathy Arlin and Rachel Hunter who we just were talking about yesterday I'd be like that. Having already achieved supermodel status Elle knew that the glamorous modeling industry is high turnover So she set her sights on other projects since the crossover for modeling to acting as a popular usually unsuccessful one Elle decided to perform in front of film cameras. She appeared 1990 and Woody Allen film Alice But the part required nothing more than a walk by she just walked on by still that was a start And 94 the body was required to gain 20 pounds for her media role in Syrians coastoring the on the new grant the obnoxious Hugh Grant But 96 she appeared in a remake of Jane Eyre and starred opposite Ben Stiller in the comedy if Lucy fell that years She appeared in a mirror has two faces with barberschrist and Jeff Bridges On goes to Budapest but a boop signed with mirror max the lege model actress was the object of Batman's The first in 1997's Batman and Robin and co-starred with Anthony Hopkins and Alex Baldwin in the age She was recently last seen on the sitcom friends and the recurring role of Joey's new roommate As for her personal life, she and Gilles Benson on got divorced and she since had two expi on Say's Eric Miller and Tim Jeffries as they did Sean Penn. Oh, she's now with a long time companion Swiss finance here Our pod Archi bussen care father of her son Flynn I'd like that. She's got it some kids, but you never know it Here's one of the great stories of all time So this is soft Florida. This is well, let me before I do that this one State's bro Georgia a couple of we got it got into a dispute over a theological point after watching the passion of the Christ where Restant after the argument to in violent of course States bro Georgia. I've been there They have the state's bro diner Why was I there? I'm trying to think they want spark has to ball game there something like that I think so do they got fried greens later? They got to man good stuff Hey, hey, it's great. The two left the movie theater debating whether God the father in the holy Trinity was human or symbolic And the argument he did up on a god home Melissa Davidson said it was the dumbest thing we've ever done She said Melissa 34 and her husband Sean 33 were charged with simple battery March 11 after the two Call police on each other. They were released on $1,000 bail. She didn't know he did it they done it According to a police report Melissa Davidson suffered injuries on her arm and face Our husband had a scissor stab wound on his hand and his shirt was ripped off He also allegedly punched a hole in the wall Really it was kind of a pitiful thing to go to a movie like that and fight about it I think they missed the points to Gene McDaniel the chief sheriff's deputy. They missed the point. No, I think they got it now I think they meant you are brothers Why do you wrong one another? See, but he who did his neighbor wrong pushed him away saying who made you a ruler and judge over us? Yeah, who died and gave you the right now? Here's the a beautiful soft Florida story. This is definitive. Make no mistake about it Carl Gables a place where very rarely does anything good happen A 74 year old woman accidentally ran over her friend killing her outside a driver's license office. They had just left Maria her era started her van and put it in reverse once you noticed that her friend 77 year old Estelle C. Rodriguez was struggling with a van doored because of got jammed on the root of a tree police said Her error got out of the van to help her friend with a door, but when she lifted her foot off the break the van Which was still in reverse rolled backward Rodriguez was knocked to the pavement and the front tire ran over her lower bodies had cruel Gables police officer Martin Baudrose cruel Gables rescue workers rush Rodriguez to Jackson Memorial where she was pronounced dead yesterday This is a horrible horrible tragedy Baudro said it was unclear why the women were the department of motor vehicles orifice But they may have been renewing a license Rodriguez license was due to her spiring 43 days Where her has a valid drivers license according to records Baudro said any charges against her over the pen on the outcome of the department's traffic homicide Wow How would he have to be the stop driving a Florida? 140 I think that's a hundred and 30 You've got so I got the Oswai here. He has surrounded supposedly That's a doctor. I'm in the payment. Oswai here You know my my feeling about that whole deal is let us know when something happens you know Let us know when you got him or who you got or what it's all about and about the Osama's kidney, et cetera Okay, here's our pull question today Which of these people places or businesses do you think is the most overrated mostly hype? Kind of a state of mind thing, you know Doesn't live up to expectations here's our short list so far. We got four on there Howard Stern The Rascal house Niagara Falls and Walmart now is that a disparate list or what huh? Select this pool because it's all over the place you can put a whole bunch of different stuff on here Which of these people places or businesses do you think is the most overrated mostly hype? Howard sperm Rascal house Niagara Falls or Walmart I got one yeah Joe's stone crabs Joe Stone grabs his excellent But if you'd smear the yummy to knee he'll get you I smear the matriety it didn't work Joe stone crabs I wouldn't go there if they paid me if they gave me a hundred dollars to go in there. Oh, you can't say that See we have a lot of people on this radio station or just obsessed with that place because the you know they get wind and dying and treated like that And that's fine, you But the stone crabs I've been told to stay away from crabs myself 10 275 or can't say that 10 27 at 5 60 Q a M Love and A Come James related No big rubbers, those special love bags But people wanted to live on this land Yeah, it's... The raken box of fish, red goods And all across the US In a Jackson's grove, it was a hidden land It's grovey, but cash is still being slaughtered away She's right on, I'll be chased No girls, whoever lays No big rubbers, those special love bags But people wanted to live on this land 53 at 560 WCM during the day The springs one of our best and most chronic facts Who's just out of control lately Whipped up into a frenzy says I know you have many resources for interesting articles But I think you may have missed this one It's in the new Rolling Stone magazine called Bush's Bagman I don't know, he had any bagman A lot of bagman It lists all of the large powerbrokers That have been raising money for GW And I should say, W is bagman We can't say Bush anymore The article also explains their corporations, gains, and their religious affiliations I'm not going to type into URL link You can just Google Rolling Stone.com Click on the article We actually have a link to Rolling Stone.com I'm pretty sure it only I don't know what we do Yeah It says, I don't know Neil I think we're surrounded at the time The circle of wagons says Jerry's getting a little bit carried away It's a bad And of course you're there, and I'm here But And here's somebody out there with a great sense of humor Well, I think we could probably play a couple of seconds Hi This is Jocelyn Elder That's it That's it That's it We can play that much Yeah Do you think you can play Jocelyn Elder's The masturbation, but here's the answer No To keep it straightforward It says after the FCC monitoring of that bit The list of bad words will be amended That's right There'll be a lot more words and lots more phrases And I don't think can we say pickle anymore No I'll keep you coming over and you can like that Jocelyn Keech is very upset We can't say pickle on you No more, and then he could have been a sorry Jay can do it Speaking of a more the same kind of crap You know it's a miracle to me That so far with all these words We still can say that Isn't that amazing? Yep, the turd Just let's not bunch them all together And there when you just relax See that's what we always are piling on Just back off a little bit Isa See? You just drop in every now and then And then maybe a little bit later you can drop in You may be sure See? Like that You definitely don't want to do that You turd All together because that's spanned So it indicates bad intent on your part Yeah, you're dwelling Exactly In fact, I'll take away your dwelling Yeah, they will maybe burn it down like you're daughter trying to St. Peter's bird rock bands can scream and strut along the downtown water Fuffer another month after that They better watch their mouth or it's going to cost them More the same This isn't the same tweet I'm at growing concerns about loud music and profanity The city wants promoters to pay $500 for each vulgarity Outer on stage Now I'm kind of the first thing that comes to my mind Is what about if it's a hip hop group Or other groups but hip hop especially And there are many vulgarities in the song Maybe sing it Right, it's going to be awfully costly And it even says here for some bands that could get expensive And some might have trouble just mentioning their names Right Constant vulgarity is not going to be tolerated It's a council member Bill Foster Hewitt We can't be the morality police and we can't be the constant sabers of the first amendment But we can dictate what goes on in our public parks Vinoy and Straub parks Is that Vinoy? I guess it is Have been popular concert venues for decades But as the number of downtown residents has grown up past 10 years over the complaints The issue boiled over not October after and especially profane performance by the Viper 50 cent The city council decided to take action This said we wouldn't give you even thought for it a man Thank for him Now they plan to ask each promoter to put up a $10,000 cash bond for each concert at the city park A $500 fine would be levied for each profanity With that only covers 20 of them If the fines are seated 10 grand the city would pull the plug into the promoter to be banned from holding them to the event for 18 months Local promoters are already growning Well like that Oh it's big enough of a weird Niagara Falls Spel with a one-fue two few a's in there Get the spell on right A You see the way it's spelled on there? Yeah Niagara Get with it Who's it? I was that Josh's battery to Eric do that Who does Josh? Now me Eric did because that was on the original list How it turns got 20? Which of these people places or businesses do you think is the most overrated mostly hype? We got some votes on air 48 Howard Stearns got 20 Joe Stonecraft 13 Wal-Mart 7 Rascal us five Niagara Falls spelled badly three the Outback steak how somebody else said where that come from? Facts? Oh, thanks. You just don't have any votes yet though Anyway getting back to St. Pete Local promoters are growning and moaning I can't tell 50 cent Mr. 50 cent not to say the F Wards said they've hung the owner of the state theater in downtown St. Pete I don't have any control of what an artist is going to do on stage They're talking the audience Humbly said the policy will cut down on the variety of conscious health and St. Petersburg It also could discourage national promoters from considering the cities of venues I don't know why they'd go there anywhere is nobody under the age of a hundred and St. Pete The grandparents are the people in sunrise all living St. Petersburg The vans warp tours scheduled appear in Panoi Park, July 30 Is almost certain or back up a heavy penalty for protor John Claude Baziak One of the tourist featured acts is called the F-ups Another performer gutter mouth has a song called Crammon Up Your F-F-F begins with an A No we can say ass Of course not all bands use profanity But it's hard to tell what performer might do in the heat of a performance I don't know if Neil Diamond is simply going to say F-F On Lee said the penalized promoter is a really really backward way to do what they're trying to accomplish The city council still has some details to serve out people are considered as the proposal And it's April 1 meeting no fooling What words will be considered all see here we go What words will be considered profane And who will keep track of the vulgarities out of town stage Oh this is great They're going to have a bad word counter Obviously said chief assistant city attorney mark when there are some constitutional issues regarding the first amendment Ah forget about that Here's the first amendment That's it Parade that baby up Constitution Yeah Just tear that piece of crap up Here's a little bit of refreshing news from an end of the whole place New finds by the FCC by the way we're getting all of that stuff got a whole plate Packed it eat this whole plate you make your wild diarrhea can we still say that? Oh you make it wild The runs Tennessee County beats hasty retreat from called a ban homosexuals The county that was the side of the scuffs monkey trial of the teaching that illusion yesterday Reverse its call to ban homosexuals Oh Reaccounty commissioners took about three minutes To retreat from a request to a men's table also the county can charge homosexuals Crimes against nature the Tuesday measure had passed eight to zip Eight to oh County attorney Gary Fritz said the initial vote triggered a wild fire of reaction I've never seen nothing like this he said yesterday. I've never seen nothing like it Me, it's nothing like it Nope But Fritz said it was all misunderstanding anyway They wanted to send a message to our state representative and senator that re-accounty supports the ban and same sex marriage he said Same sex marriages what it was all about it was to stop people from coming here and getting married and living in re-accounty Oh, and now that's that's where everybody's thinking to go in anyway. Aren't they re-accounty Tennessee? There No, I goodness who wouldn't want to go there Now not that the issue of banning homosexuals didn't arise. I'm not saying it wasn't discussed for it said sometimes he had five or six people talking Fritz said he advised the commissioners they cannot ban homosexuals or make them subject criminal charges The US Supreme Court in 2000 struck down the Texas Academy laws as a violation of adults privacy Fritz said he don't think the issue will come up again. I think they got all the publicity that need about it. He said all the commissioners declined to comment yesterday Social worker Esther Jackson 24, one of 300 people who attended yesterday's meeting held a sign reading read love not hate It's just ignorance is all she said at Tuesday's vote but 12 year old Caitlin Kenny attending the meeting with her mother said she's supported the commissioners initial vote I think they should go further try to see if they can ban them. She said it's not a Christian thing They politically conservative county holds an annual festival commemorating the 1925 trial And which high school teacher John T. Scopes was convicted of teaching evolution the verdict was reversed on technicality and the trial became the subject of the play in the movie and hair at the wind Rea Tennessee. Let's go to a rea and we'll all get married the whole human race My My guest tonight is the rare person who wouldn't have to change her name if she became a porn star Jewels here. Where's the weirdest place you've ever had sex I love sex This is the practice every day. Where do you fall? I mean a good at it Yeah, sure. I'm so good at it now. Can you show me? Oh my god I'm not a huge guy You know you just sex is really places as possible I just said I just said Of course there's a line in coast there, but we're not going to be doing it no more are we 10 46 at five 60. I have no idea why I played that other than it did mention sex and I can play it Wasn't that great? It was phenomenal and Carson daily was in there one of our very least favorite rights Okay, let's get to more names and places and things for this poll today We get a lot more votes if we had some other choices on air word didlin around look at the latest fines against stern and this one in that one in Bono Hello Bono is not actually getting fine. He was cited Where will you get to that? He was said it like outside the studio waiting to get in Which of these people places or businesses you think is most overrated mostly hype? 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WDQAM hello Hey now have a suggestion for you Paul. Yes sir about the Christianity or religion People places or businesses Thanks, so you think Christianity is a people place or business, but it is a business, but they're not the kind of business we're talking about no So we're one for one, okay, you're you said that this morning. You must have been a psychic premonition Oh, yes psychic it always that no matter what the poll is there always is that segment the audience out there that just they don't get it But what if we'll let you ask a question they had their own agenda Hey, that's good. I did me will do that on Monday. We will just say today's poll is calling now and put something on there Fish I think that's a great idea. I said just fish and that's because he said Christianity and it's Friday All right, I'm going to the seed. WQAM hello Yeah, what was it? I was in more landscape all excellent choice man Thank you Okay Smith and Malenski 560560 man a band bad connection on there. I'm sure I didn't hear what he said there at the end WQAM hello Hey, yes sir, pretty good Hey, can I suggest Jimmy Buffett for your poll? Jimmy Buffett is a fabulous choice. Oh, now we're going Any of that nonsense. He makes me sick of my stomach. Make you buddy. How about if he could if he could find paradise that was he take his cheeseburger and go there and eat it and not come back That's a redneck thing man. Jimmy Buffett is a soft photo keys redneck Yahoo dead and and and oh, he just oh gives me the willys Pussies are real homophobic good jackass to check. Say I can't say I can't say jackass For now what a fool. What happened if you were walking along and you and your jackass fell on a hole Will that make it a jackass pit pit So we got cinnamon of the lady not up just watch yourself now watching them all My implantations got a fabulous choice here Chuck E. Cheese. Yeah, man. That's why they say take the kids there because anybody who's developed the taste button goes there will just poop their guts out But it's for I mean, especially with that plastic cheese on the pie. I always like a pizza. Powin nice Coding of plastic cheese on it. Well, that's why they serve beer and wine kind of that plastic turkey that the L presented at W took to Iraq Talk about it. Yeah, for way I said W Anyway, so thanks to my complication overrated outback steak houses DP. That's nobody on there. Good. Some boats. Why do they say that I do like the Blumen on you. I like them, but that's their opinion I think they're pretty good the outback, but I know many people who despise it like poison not really sure why I like the Walk about suit. I love to walk about soup. Right man. That'll don't give you good heart attack real quick, but it's delicious Join George. Well, I want to what is this join George Rodriguez and you'll run your show Why did I get to do that like we don't know who you are? Not wrote it Scott wrote it re-tarded Scott How come he's still there? What is he do all kinds of things all the time? All of these things join George tomorrow 11 to one at the four to pop in all look he's doing something now But he is come to get his finger out of there 1000 North federal highway in Pompano Beach. I have my north of a 90 Boulevard in the corner of 10th and US one 10th what 10th Street 10th Avenue 10th 10 degrees of separation like Scott 10th of a brain There'll be prizes giveaways in sandwiches courtesy of Atlanta City Subcenter close group friend Ira That's four to pop out of Marwood George 11 one federal highway in Pompano Beach. Does this same thing about giveaways? Yeah, we'll give some away. Yeah, we'll give something. We'll give you a piece of our mind. How do you like that? We've got a new to prove wheel. It's quieter and you can spin the wheel and all the pegs are in it 123 votes on a pool. Look at there. We're going to get this Paul Paul Roland Which of these people places or businesses do you think is the most overrated mostly hype? Joe Stone crab 39 fabulous choice Howard sperm 33 come on how he get the get off your ego trip and get those people sign of those petition He really frost my ass to sell lately Walmart 21 Rascal out 13 the outback 13 Niagara Falls four and Jimmy Buffett and Smith and we'll not use to wait for their first goal for Doug get some Guadante WQM hello. Hey, I got suggestion for your poll. I don't know if you need to list the separate or together because they're basically same place, but planet Hollywood and Hardrock Cafe I was playing at Hollywood still open. Yeah sure is sure they have Oh boy. The got him one out in Las Vegas out at that forum shop right. Yeah. Okay, planet Hollywood and Hardrock Cafe Yeah, basically just you know same food you can get anywhere else at twice the price Okay, I'm amazed at planet Hollywood still open. That's a shocker. Yeah, thanks, Bally. All right. Oh, see you Fise it now. Can we still do that so far so we can still say you turn we can still do that we can even do That we can still say God damn that's it. Maybe a little this and we can still do that much of that maybe some Oh, no, we certainly can't do score score that WQM hello Yeah, sure Speaking Yes, I am They deal I am getting some people. Okay The I don't know the same so obvious to me the Miami go off and people places or businesses. I would say No, I mean it is a business just like dereligeons of business, but it's a stretch. You know what I'm saying it's a stretch In addition, I would like to just to be the one show that we don't discuss to dolphins on I am so sick and tell oh, rather this radio station is so dolphin sick. It's just it's nauseating It just makes me want to barf a little bit not in large as little bit 560 pound 560 on but you have an excellent point. They do a suck and this business with the Mo and J feet or is that ever going to stop it's like a disease I'm not sickness like the two of them are joined at the hip. Well, let's see they're both Jewish they're both highly overrated And that's a shot sorry Jay, but you're highly overrated Jay. How can he still be on the team? That's the thing that I just I don't understand Maybe Josh can explain that to us. So now I'm going back to my word we're talking dolphin talk. No way Hey, I got a great idea that could save our listeners a tremendous amount of grief and motivation and might improve our ratings all around the rest of the day on QAM. Since they're banning everything how about banning dolphin talk. Oh, right, for at least until the exhibition season starts huh, and now the rest of the station. At least until a big draft Saturday in April, whatever it hell that's coming Wow, WQAM. Hello, yes, sir. How you doing today? Pretty good. I got an idea for your fall. Okay anything related to Disney. Disney certainly is a business. Yeah, that's that's overrated. Okay. Thanks, probably. Okay, like, uh, yeah, how Disney. Right, crappy toys. You see, you like Disney world though. It's overrated. You just two and the food there is highly overrated and if you want to eat there. Right. That's a good one. Not a good many many votes. In fact, most of the stockholder. So probably we voting on that five six seven. Oh, there's a picture of the White House. What's that all about? Oh, geez. Pretty. Oh, she just wants a commercial break so can a thing to important. Holy cow. WQAM. Hello. Not there online one. QAM. Hello. Good morning, Neil. So, please talk. South. Okay. Thank you. Highly, highly, highly overrated. Highly, salancing. Joe Stone crab and Howard Stearn are tied at 43. Maybe how it can eat there one day. Huh? And maybe we can have a give him a talking to him to get off his ego trip and start promoting stopfc.com and get on for the whole industry and not just because it's not just about him. He don't get it. And he do do his sickle fans. Walmart 23 out back 17, Rascal out 14, Niagara Falls five, no size of that Niagara Falls five. Don't go there by the way for your honeymoon or any other purpose. Wow. What if I want to do that, you know, fall dive in business tourist track. That's all it is tourist track. Hard rock cafe two Jimmy Buffett two Smithman ski two Chuckie cheese two planet Hollywood two. None yet produced near South Beach fog guarantee of Betcha George's life on it. And look at all these places. Real five six. Two A and Two fake slergasms. I fake four play. Oh, right. Miami has the confidence they're the worst football team. They flopped the ball from goal to goal. Like no one's ever seen a little. They're on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control. No. And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet holders. They're the Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. Only teams in the league. Three two. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Don't bet on them. You'll always lose. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block their coaches all that tell them to put them in their jucks. Then they would run much faster and even in the feet. When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami. And there the Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. Not good man. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. The team that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the Dolphins, but the Dolphins have no fans. Για 4000 as full setting Lasstands. Vechd poderia. Let me off. Junior player. Iloria, far away from him. Justinregierung. My amy dolphins, I hear the crowd begin to boo. Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god ah my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh My god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh Join my amy dolphins��록 my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins number was inequality I paying for the 3 2 for the amy dolphins my amy dolphins my amy dolphins oh dear prince I said you don't lie sitting here and all of a sudden like, and I got a retower and, uh, did you hit it too? No. I did when he said 50,000 a whole sitting in the stands. I knew you would. Larry King, somebody's suggestion. Longest $1. Larry King's an excellent choice. Highly overrated, snapping him suspenders, tossing him marshmallows. Last night he had the Tammy Fayan who's been diagnosed with the inoperable lung cancer. Did you know that? No, I did not. Tammy Fayan who, of course, we like for only one reason. The media is sick and he's not badly. Probably spoke to greatest, the mother, greatest truth in the history of the human race. The need to realize she was doing you want to kill me as you did the Egyptian yesterday. Sure, why not? 560560 on the AT&T line. Let's get to the latest FCC business. Let's see, Penet holiday would still open in Disney, overrated Alex Penellus. Alex, uh, P***, P***a can you. You know, it really is so ridiculous. We can't say anything. When you come right down to it. So let's just start. I mean, I was thinking I'm playing that dolphin song. I'm thinking about KJ at least. Unlike Boca Bryan who's a potty mouth. KJ, we don't usually have to worry about him. You know, he's just very, uh, very clean guy. And then if you're a sin there, the p*** holes. And all of a sudden I'm reaching and I'm dumping and, uh, pumping and God. Grace, it's pathetic. I'm going to think very seriously over the weekend about a music show. Yeah, because in re-reading my comment, contract several times. About 30 minutes. Is there anything about doing a talk show or the content of the program? It just is the new around you show for hours every day. Uh, and that's it. I know just the kind of music. Mostly safe. Right. No one can have a problem with this camera. She's as close to the little children. All the time. You betcha. Or maybe something a little bit more lively. Are there your part? They're saying something in some language. Are they? Aren't they? Chanting something? And then of course there's always... Why? She starts out slowly, then. Really? Not good, man. Well, it's the only us, no wonder that you're over-till. I think I'm going to watch that again. In fact, I think between now and two I'd have almost enough time to see that movie. And Magnolia. Love it. Play the audio. Federal regulators continue their crackdown in decency yesterday, issuing a fine for broadcast of the Howard Stern radio show, and ruling them an explot of uttered by Rocksinger Bonna when NBC violated broadcast standards. You know, it's interesting how radio continues taking it up the old back home shoot. Even here in Canada, the CRTC, which is equivalent to the FCC, man. They stern was on in Toronto and Montreal for a while and long gone. This show, and it's all form, what it lasted 15 minutes in Canada. But on TV, totally separate standard. Like I told you, they had the ASEAS born show, no bleeps. Every word is a Roman invented. You can turn on the CTV right over the air. And they have all kinds of shows with, every word has been invented in some kind of a heard-up, eh? So radio always takes the shot, but TV they can do whatever they want. Anyway, the SEC proposed finding infinity broadcasting to maximum 27,500 dollars for a stern broadcast on WKRK FM in Detroit. The FCC also overruled its own staff and said that Bonna was exploded during the 2003 Golden Global Awards program was in dissonant profane, but it should know fine. FCC Chairman Michael Powell had asked his fellow commissioners to overturn the FCC enforcement bureau's finding, and they did. They gooseed it along. The FCC also proposed finding a subsidiary of Fair Channel Communications 55 grand for broadcast on two Florida radio stations where the host conducted an interview with a couple allegedly having sex. It's really amazing to me, but John Hogan, you have a little bit of a problem there in Clear Channel. Because it seems to be about 80-90 percent of the finds that are being met at OLAB are to Clear Channel stations. Karma. WABW in Ford Pierce and WCCR in Viro Beach. Clear Channel stations. The finds are the latest in the step-up campaign by the FCC to crack down on indecency. Critics have said the commission failed to aggressively enforce rules, leading to a courseening of the airways. Oh, that takes us back to, yeah, see what goes around comes around. Course. Language. Course. Of course. Federal law bars radio stations at over the RTV channels from airing references to sexual and ex-category functions between 6am and 10pm when children may be tuning in. The children. The rules do not apply to cable and satellite channels or satellite radio. Yet. The FCC received hundreds of complaints about the Golden Globes broadcast after Bono, the lead singer of the Irish Rock Group U2 said, this is really, really effen brilliant. The enforcement bureau said last October that Bono's comment was not in December of scene because he didn't use the word to describe a sexual act and perform a use the word as an adjective or explodant to emphasize an explanation to bureau said, but Michael Powell said, not good enough. You will come down on him. To avoid a repeat incident and be seen here this year's Golden Globes broadcast on 10 second delay and ABC did the same with its telecastity Academy Ward show. I say maybe about a 10 day delay so the government sensors can really go over the everything with a fine tooth comb. Right? Sure. Good idea. Infinity's WLLD and Tampa gets a slap of 7 grand from the FCC. They're just fine and. Oh, we're fine. Crazy. The CHR rhythmic rear. Uh, what? Received the fine for airing what the commission found to be offensive references to oral sex. Now I want you people out there to stop and think about the star report. When Bubba and Monica were doing their little thanks. Courts Court. Oh my goodness. They made oral sex like household language. Right. They made. Job like as common even little girls in school were like checking that out. oral sex as well as other objectionable material during a liberal cast of the last Dan show a hip hop concert. Infinity argued about the nature of the material as well as the constitutionality of the FCC season decency standards. But those arguments fell on deaf ears at the commission. What a surprise. Commissioner Michael cops descended to the affirmed fine and grumbled about how the FCC carries out its statutory enforcement responsibilities. The concert aired in September, 1999 and a notice of a per liability wasn't sent to WLLD until December of 2000. A four-pritcher order wasn't released until March 2001 and then it took another one and a half years to address infinity's reconsideration petition. The commission is finally addressing this case. Four and a half years after this program was broadcast cops said adding, when this agency finally acts, the penalties and imposes are woefully inadequate. In that sense he makes Michael policy, like a good guy. This Michael cops. He's a lunatic. The vulgar and explicit nature of the indescribency and profanity that was broadcast gives the FCC the obligation to take serious action. Instead, the majority opposed the fine of seven grand, such a fine doesn't even rise to the custom doing business for this multi-billion dollar conglomerate, meaning infinity. And I just got a lot more including Tom Jickers column. All kinds of good stuff. Lots of crap is the crap just continues. There's no end to it. Providence after 11 at 5.60 WQAM, who's leading on our overrated pool? On Howard's Burm. 56 Joe Stonecraft 54 Walmart 27 outback steak house 21. The Rascal House. Oye 17 South Beach 13. Disney 10 Hard Rock Cafe 9 planet Hollywood 5 Niagara Falls 5. Jimmy Buffett 5. He's still eating his cheeseburger tea burger. Smith Mullenski 4 Larry King 4. Chuckie cheese 2. Alex Percania 2. And Tammy Fade on. Have any Tammy Fade's on there? She just was diagnosed with lung cancer and he put in Tammy fan of pool. I didn't put her on there. Won't get that off of there. What? Who did that? I don't know. Josh. You heard to say your name. What I'm going to do is we're going to get the phone book in the other room. I'm just going to read a bunch of names. All of them will be on the pool. Just facts the pages. Because all I have to do is just, you know, mention a name. And no matter who's sitting in there, we're all at one of them is that. AB is a big loan there. How about ish Kavible 1113 at 5.60 WQAM. I've been telling you for years why you'll be ought to be doing a smart thing when you buy a mattress called 1800 mattress for dialometres. Here's some more reason why you should do that. Dialometres backs up everything they see advertising 100% but their competitors still use many false and deceptive claims. When you see a mattress add making outrageous claims our advice is we define print. There are lots of lies waiting for you out there. Here's an example. Big ads that scream free frame free set up free removal. And then the tiny print underneath says it only applies to luxury models. Or you have to live so close to the story of being a neighbor for delivery. Or if there's something you don't need like a frame and guess what? Most people don't need a frame and the store won't apply the credit to something else instead. It seems like there's always some reason why the promotion doesn't apply to whatever you be buying. At dialometres, no BS, no tiny print in their ads, no disflamers, every dialometrist delivery includes free set up and free delivery. Whether it's a top or line set, a twin mattress for a bunk bed or anything in between. And dialometrist delivery terms apply wherever you live too. No exceptions. From candlestwoord, Palm Beach to Ford Myers, dialometrist reminds you to read that fine print too because they want to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them. So what are you waiting for? Do the smart thing like I've been doing for years when you need a mattress? Make one simple call that'll be there knocking on your door no time at all. Call 1-800-MACRIS or logon-demectrist.com. 1-800-MATTR-ESD, honest way to get you a great new bed. My life and love! This is sports-reel 564. In the way to the way to the way. Florida sucks! On the next fear factor, wholesome entertainment approved by the FCC seal of Good White Housekeeping. We locked that CC chairman Michael Powell in a room with nothing but a screen that flashes pictures of boot. See this mic? This is a boot! Mikey, a boot! Nothing! Stop this filter off by you! See this one? See this one here, Mikey? It's a bumper sticker for the fight again. Breast cancer. It will be a way for me. I love your little CC! Here's my breath! Fear factor with Michael Powell. Us CGD for the minds of ignorant little babies. Rout to you by Direct TV. Now with over 200 channels of garbage and shit. 1118 at 560 WDQM happy Friday 2. What about Rich Sanchez's John and McCobius of Carolina? That's a good choice. State of mind. That's what MSNBC found out. I'll tell you when you can blow them off MSNBC then you'll know. I'll tell you when you blow them off. That's real, he'll tell you. What is this other thing that you just sent me? The rest of you knowledge? What is this? It's a thing. It's got knowledge stuff. It's a database thing. How do you know? I can't even read what it says though. The MHD1? The memory hole is that that says? Oh, something like that. It's bad, bad facts. Anyway, thanks. How about base side and Florida? Also, this Florida sucks. Base side and Florida. Florida is a place last time I checked. Here's another one. Carabas Italian grill. Is that one of our sponsors? I don't know, never heard of it. I don't, let's not put that on there. You don't want to be put on any sponsors on there. No. I think the outback's is sponsored too, but that's another story. I'm probably Joe's. Well, whatever. And maybe even a Rascal house too bad. That's what Steve says. Also, word that people must pronounce is Washington. Well, where? How was it back to that? And that wasn't the deal. Okay. On a pool. And anyway. Joe Stone grabs. It says, here's the epitome of overrated state of mind. Is the perfect term to describe it. It's so safe when I see all those people lining up just to get to Bums Rush when they find to get a table. They gladly go along with it. Like the people running the restaurant could treat them. 10 times worse. They would still love it. Like the W people. Like the bush people are rated. Drink the coolated at a moment's notice. Speaking of coolated. Because rumor has it that Phil Henry has ballooned almost 300 pounds. Now he looks and sounds like. Lard as. Are you sure? That's what they say. I don't like that. What's all about? I'm trying to think back. The, uh, I would eat days was filled. I don't think you ever was ever fat. I had a gut beer belt. A little bit of a belly. But he was like a big fat guy. He's ballooned almost 300 pounds. Wow. I think somebody's punishing him. Yeah. Good. I had a whole cook of these. Take an advantage of now. Oh, here's the facts from Ray that goes along with that memory whole thing. It says I found this site with some great stuff called the memory hole and below some example. I don't remember. I also recommend the city morning here. Okay. Ray, calm down. Okay. Raise a good facts. You're just a little bit carried away. Just calm down. Today's Friday. And I noticed that now since I'm not ranting and raving and going out about stuff at CC.com. We got about, you know, 65 or so more people that have signed a petition today from Florida. But it's not like it's been the previous part of the week. And if anybody thinks I'm going to keep doing that here every day. Oh, you've got to get out. I mean, yeah, I'm doing my part. I'm doing the best I can. But all the you people need to do and be side signing the petition is email everybody else that you know and have them do it. That's the way to do it. Because I mean, we're getting close to 60,000 signatures on there, which is very good. So let's see from the 20 60,000 signatures. But Scott needs a lot more than that. We need to have like 600,000 in about a month. And if names, but this has to do with all of our livelihoods, this has to do with freedom of speech and has to do with your entertainment. What you can hear, the choices that you have to make. It's just it's amazing stuff that we've been playing for years. And I think that these corporate lawyers here are going way off the deep end. You know, when you when you run that scare, we might as well just play music. Seriously. I mean, the sport shows while they're talking about sports. Yeah, that's that. Yeah, I want to talk about the dolphins. Although a lot of people would like to say, I've talked about the dolphins. Tom Jekyll writes in his column tomorrow. And in fin of way of fighting the moral mafia's his time. People get it. Searching by the response to columns on the government. Gee, how to against broadcasts. Just make no mistake. This is a religious war rights, Tommy. Americans understand that the issue isn't Howard Stern getting bumped from a half of it in the history of the American history of the American history of the American history. It's an all out assault on the first amendment. It's an all out assault. Bills have been introduced to extend regulation to cable and satellite TV, even though they come into the home via private wires, not the public airwaves. The justification for control over broadcasts. The government has no more right in, in situating itself into cable that it would private phone calls. Don't laugh. The Patriot Act makes this possible as well as the ability to pry into the books you check out of the library. What's happened since the Super Bowl hasn't just cast a chill over broadcasters, it's created nuclear winter. The arangers King of South Florida Radio for as long as Stern has been King of all media, says WQAM has redline 70% of his comedy bits, and he gets a new list of things not to do almost every day. I've been doing some of these things for 25 years and suddenly there are flimots, Roger said. That's so many understand this is the only positive to emerge from this sorry situation. If the expressions of concern sure a theme it is what can we do? Letters to elect it representives are a way to vent that may not be effective, because many who sure you're outraged are too lazy to do likewise. Lawmakers are impressed by numbers, especially in an election year. The religious right was able to generate 200,000 letters demanding a crackdown in the wake of Janet Jackson's unveiling. It's an imposing number that explains the urgency that Congress and the FCC have assigned to the witch hunt. Four years will have passed before report on what happened on 11 is released. How's that for priorities? However, for New York computer technician named Scott hopes to trump the Moral Mafia 5 fold, two weeks ago, Scott launched the website, stopfcc.com, who set her pieces a petition for Moral for media, a petition for media freedom of speech. While we realize that the government is an obligation to protect our children, the petition states surely there needs to be a limit for what is regulated. Adults and parents are capable of making decisions about what to watch read or listen to, and are certainly capable of turning off or putting down anything that may offend them or their children. As voting citizens we ask elected officials to consider your actions in attending to further regulate television, radio cable satellite print and internet content, will fight these actions by voting for a politician who cares about our rights as Americans. The goal is a million signatures, unless in two weeks more than 50,000 Americans have signed, according to Scott who says he wants his last name withheld out of fear of reprisals. Out of playing his Scott, significantly Scott says these are verifiable signatures, I'm using Bill Clinton's eSign lot of verify them, after signatures registered in email request of verification's transmitted, a positive reply makes the signature as valid as if were done by Pen on paper. Scott is taking his campaign beyond sheer numbers, the website shows how many signatures have been received from each state, Florida's number three, so elected officials can gauge which way the wind is blowing back home. Apparently some lawmakers have taken notice. A techno-wiz Scott is able to track who's checking out the site he says there are been numerous visits from people with .gov addresses. His next step he says is to break down the signature by zip codes, which he's already done by the way, Tom, it's on air. Jakas says if you think this is overreaction, much to do about a threat more imagined than we will keep this in mind, this is an administration whose chief law enforcement officer attorney will be available on AskCrop or their drapes to put over classical pieces of sculpture. I've got Tom, thanks Tom, Jakas, into Marisun Sentinel. But he like that. Look back. Don't be giving me not bad, at least he's got the website and they're okay. Stop FCC.com. There's a lot more you people ought to be doing on there today. Boy, yeah, they do love, you know, Florida's doing great. Coming from nowhere, coming from six or seven spot on there, to pass others like your standing still, past New York State, I said, still can't get over that. I don't know why. It's just amazing to me. It's just shocking, but then again, even on his own petitioner to bring clear channel, to bring Stern back to clear channel, even on his own petition rather, which was started by two Florida guys, by the way, got a big thing in a year old day of the day. Yesterday. Even on areas on it got 4700 signatures. So maybe if some people would exert a little bit more energy, on behalf of the entire industry, on behalf of freedom of speech and the Bill of Rights, maybe we'd get something going here as opposed to being just a, you know, on their perpetual lifelong ego trip. Sixty, 365 Florida, Texas got a head started and I straight off to bat, so they got like over 11,000. California, 8940, that's what Florida will hop over next. If you folks hop on there on stuff at CC.com, we're like all over 2,000, 2,00, and some odd signatures ahead of New York State, with their 20 million little tharject people. Hi, everybody, has a big job. This is a new year. Today you passed it. Everybody has a big job. This is a big job. We're patient, name and food, that's it. I've been to the sea. Don't even bother to quit. You're just kind of a dog. Everybody's hunting for us. I just do everything. In the act of prison, you're watching all of you. Everyone got the suspect. So, like, what you do? This got to court the agent. And are you minding? This is the push-up of the agent. I just do it, say. Check out the haters. Are you? Excletons, they borrow stew. Many, everything we pay. And the state will run you. Let war and war come on, man. Feel up your hasten, man. I'll rob in Tainy bush, man. Let us do it, say. We don't mind to see our jobs, go. A bad economy's boo. We're vaccinated by J. No, don't be so stupid. Oh, all the war is crazy. The fact of Paris in way. Everybody's turned in fire, shit. I just do it, say. Oh, 27-tono, and at 5-16, W.C. Facts, it says, go, Henry, which on Dennis Miller the other night, and look pretty rough, is what it says. Yeah, but wait a second. We have a hundred times in ballooning up like somebody stuck up bicycle pump inside of his naval, or maybe vacuum, who knows. Overrated, here's a good one. George W.C. is named Monnier. George W.C. is named Bush, El Presidente. How could we forget him? I sure fits in with the appell, which of these people places or businesses do you think is the most overrated, mostly hype? Well, I think that fits him like a rubber glove. Now, speak in a crazy people. F.C. C. Commissioner, Kathleen Abernathy says, in D.C. rules are necessarily vague. Oh, yeah. Very good, sweetheart. Kathleen Abernathy said yesterday morning that because context plays such a huge role in determining whether content can be deemed indecent. Commission's policies on what constitutes an indecent broadcast must reflect that reality. Given that we're dealing with first amendment speech rights and protecting children she told reporters yesterday morning in a Washington, D.C. orifice, I think that you've got to recognize there's going to be a lack of clarity. Oh, I right. Isn't that great? Yeah. There's going to be a line, in other words, nobody has any idea what they're talking about, including them. Everyone has to use their best judgment. Indeed, she called on their worst-to-set standards for their stations to follow. The neighbors have to guide their stations and say, here's what we think is appropriate balance Abernathy said, and then we will at the end of the day give them guidance. But understand, we can't tell you in every instance up or down when it's appropriate and when it's not appropriate. So they can't tell us. We're just supposed to guess and hope for the best. She ended that the Commission is committed to completing its reviews of indecent he complains more rapidly to help inform the issue. We're trying to get these indecent complaints out as quickly as we can because they then provide the guidance for future programs she said. It's a little bit, here's the understatement of the, not the century, the history of the human race. It's a little bit difficult for the broadcasts if we say something is indecent, and it took us two years to say it and in the meantime, a whole bunch of stuff continued that they might have said they wouldn't have broadcast. Well, what a rocket scientist Kathleen? What a genius. What up? Fucking genius. That's like saying, if you would have put a road sign up, then it said the spell that said the spell the most 45 way wouldn't have been going 90. Yeah. Yeah. It's that a drag in your feet and waiting and waiting and waiting and diddling around and diddling around, waiting for a political year when it's opportune to strike. When you're pandering all the goody two shoes out there. All the people who think it's hard sounds on a radio or obscene and disgusting and vulgar. I think those people are obscene and vulgar. And you know if somebody else who's obscene and vulgar? You know who I'm talking about? Put those two together. Who you got? In fact, why isn't he on the pole? Pick pop? Rush Limbaugh. Oh, pick pop. Pick pop. Pick pop up. Yeah. Big popper. You've heard of the big popper? How about the big popper? Hey, by the way, I heard the big popper died in a plane crash. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. With Richie Valin's and buddy Holly. Did you hear that? Right. Just long time ago. Now Miss Puds will probably put on his website. Oh, New Rogers goes on here and said, Rush Limbaugh, I didn't say anything about Rush Limbaugh. I said the big popper. I have to big pill popper. Get it right, Miss Puds. Rush Limbaugh's lawyers pulled a gacha out of their head yesterday. Says today's Palm Beach post. Putting in appeals court to one of its own decisions for bidding the seizure of medical information without due process. A turniest for the right wing fascist talk show icon wrote in a brief before the fourth district court of appeals. That the same court ruled two years ago that a DUI suspects blood test could not be used in a criminal case against him because a state consent law hadn't been followed. Prosecutors have argued that the argue before the court that the federal Fourth Amendment guaranteeed their right to seize the laws records and that they didn't have to follow state law procedures. Prosecutors made that same argument in the DUI case and were flatly rejected. Rolimbaugh's attorneys were a black and Jackie Purchuk in yesterday's response. Prosecutors omitted the fact in their court argument before the appeals court. Limbaugh's attorneys be right. Prosecutors read the fact that they seized the records. Doctors shopping on it. The appeals court will eventually rule whether the crissures office can use the medical records. One of Limbaugh's most unlikely allies the ACAU and doctors groups have joined Limbaugh and the fight to keep his records private. On his radio show yesterday, Limbaugh said he had shown restraint from doing so in the past five months. Poked fun at crissure. Limbaugh though has constantly complained on his show that the investigation is a political witch hunt in act of by crissure a Democrat. Let me charge. Let him charge me with making fun of him, Limbaugh said in the show. I'm sure he can fight a statute. Maybe he can fight a statute and the attorney general can cover it up with a cloth or topple. A spokesman for the state attorneys or a fis-mic admins in decline to comment, we don't respond to what suspects say admins would say. Ha ha, suspect. I like that. Rush Limbaugh. Suspect. Yeah. Big Pats, suspect. Poked pop and admitted to a pop and suspect. Poked pop and not to shop. Has got a ring to it on it. Right. It could be a story. I like it. Put it to music. Boca. Let's see. Any impembert pines who's out of control says Bush crime family can we say this. These words and sounds the FCC is objecting to, the just at the beginning. I'm sure they think some of these ideas are a lot more obscene. The Bush family continues to expand and maintain their influence to control over through the governments of other nations. The new deal is they want to keep the Haitians down to keep their standard of living low about 11 cents an hour. It's good for big business. Yeah, so those baseball is a little bit tighter so they can hit 100 homerunzu your place. It worked in most nations they got involved and didn't work in Cuba hence the hard line. We have a bogus war on drugs that just follows money into their family. It's a war will never win because it's too profitable. And a lot of people have forgotten thanks any for reminding me even though it's not in your facts. But it just looked at their light bulb on top of my head again. Top of my crown. May 9th, May 2001. Colen Powell presents the Taliban with a check for $43 million US in exchange for cutting down the drug trafficking in those eye poppy seeds. Remember that? How many times have we talked about that? The American people care? Is the media screaming about that? No. If I were one of the democratic behind the scenes there people put in the words in Terry's mouth. I guarantee you right now they be screaming bloody murder about that. We were subsidizing these taxes because they were going to help us build that oil pipeline to Afghanistan. OIL M.O. Anyway, how many times? How many times? How many zidian times? Who needs zidian times? I've told you that. You're wrong. You just do this anti-bore stuff. Whatever you say. Don't confuse the public with the truth. They can't handle it. Even Jack Nicholson knows that. Don't forget you want a big oil. The big oil. Orlando, Alza Query. Noin the two today at Verizon Wireless in Boca. Corner of Glades Road lines have it on the summer set. Chopps. Right next to Wilchairlins. Join all for prizes and giveaways. Once again, that's Verizon Wireless 8903 Glades Road. And prestigious geriatric broker. LINE! For the new law. We are supposed to win the O560. UAM! You picking on Aliana again? Sure. I'm the biggie Jesus, bro. Aliana. Aliana. I'm the two of us show. You're standing so far in the inside. Hey, Cray, you're like this. Calls they have no lies. Any stops? Never kill us all the day. I'm sure there's going to be something you're gonna have to know. If I can really yell. I can smell it. Hell, you're all wasted. Disney. Oh, oh. It's Saturday, Walt's Day. See you, man. It's Saturday, Walt's Day. As a Cubans, Cloud the moon way. There's no Maria Mati. Any exit is a miss of poems. You can get their way. When they're upset, they're super bad. And the hearts become high. We want it all to go away today. Here. I can't stop up any now. And we're tired of chopping jams. And we're tired of falling in love. We just want to live on life. All of these things. I have no lie. We should sling him. Oh. We should sling him man. Oh. He's the head to the water. Aaaaaah. And come on, Dad, so long. And love a chance. We'll grow through the evening. While the wholeness of the evening. While the wholeness of the evening. While the wholeness of the evening. Oh my God. We'll go on. We'll live with the kids. We'll leave a Cuba for behind. And shower here. We'll give him some time. While my army. My army is slowly dying. And he ain't so good in the middle. And he's going to get the way. When the hell it's said to save the back. And the hell's bigger. We want it all to go away today. Oh. And we're tired of any now. And we're tired of chopping jams. And we're tired of falling in love. We just want to live on life. And we're tired of running all. And we're tired of chopping jams. And we're tired of falling in love. We just want to live on life. And we're tired of running all of these things. I'm going to go on passions. Hey, is that right? Antonio and Luis. I think maybe Luis and Patience is highly overrated if you ask me. Never less. We got that. You got that. We got it. We got it. I'm glad. Howard Stern 76. Joe Stone, crab 70. Omar 35 outback steakhouse 28. South Beach, 23. Larry King 18. Uh-huh. Rascal out of 17. Planet Hollywood 16. Hard Rock Cafe 15. Disney 14. W has got 11 already. Rush Limbaugh also 11. See that birds of a feather? Suck together. Alex Penellus 10. Nice. Now, I don't know if you don't that or not. Yes. You did? Well, you see again. You made something. You brought up something. I made a noise because I like that. Well, but the question is the question is and we haven't decided. These things. Business work work. What we are doing here on QM. It's like anybody that saw the movie, which is a horrible movie. With the Al Pacino set of a woman. Where he was driving the car blind guy driving that Ferrari. Okay, through the streets in New York. That's what we are flying blind. Suck if you got on a plane in the middle of the flight to Pilek. I'm going to say both yours truly and my co-capped in here are blind. But we'll get us there. Yeah. And everybody of course would be committing suicide. They try to impail themselves with those very not too sharp, plastic knives that they give you with your meal. That's what we're doing. Because the question I want to ask is now all the Spanish language stations. They pretty much say whatever to Hollywood. They want to use whatever language they want. And certainly that word that we dump. It would be nothing not a big deal for those languages. For those stations. Right. Now we need to discuss those. So like what you brought up before, but actually having a discussion of these things. Getting something. Yeah. I know that's revolutionary. But basically broadcasting a QAM. We're in the 6 and a half years that I've been on this radio station. There has never never once been a meeting. They have sales meetings. Has there ever been a talent meeting? No. Once a year at the other place. It was routine. Right. And every place I've ever worked. Staff meeting. With the lawyers. Right. And I don't know the speaker. Because I sure told wouldn't come back for it. But I mean, you know, that's what you do it. Everybody participate to especially during these trying times. These are the times that try our holes, man. We're George would say these are the times that try our bowls. But at any rate. Yeah. There he goes again. Off the defense. That's not a list. No. No. There's no problem with that. Yeah. That's why I started with a smoke eight joints. Because that'll be coming next. Oh, you're promoting drugs and drug parapherfine. Yeah. That's got to stop too. There's no end to it. And I'm sitting here and I'm thinking, now two things I would like to point on. Number one. I'm sure they probably thought I was joking at the time I was. But since we had a program director and an operations manager, it seems to me that part of their job and of course, between the two of them sitting around Twiddling their thumbs all day listening to this show. Part of their job should be to come into that studio where you're just sitting right now. And go through every single piece of recorder material on there and make the decision. Whether it's acceptable or not. Make a list. See what I'm saying? Because I mean, I want to give a cursory run through the first time before the rules change. That they became became so chilling. But I'd like to know one thing. Or, yeah. Yeah. That's exactly the question. And then we could technically remove them or whatever. Just make sure we don't play them. As opposed to every time I go to play something now during the commercial break, I have to listen to it on audition before I even dare play it. And even then, if I don't have time to listen to the whole thing like that last bit, come to find out. Well, there's something in the middle there. There's a word. There's an expression. There's a phrase. There's a, there's a sound. Oh, man. Woo! But now wait a minute. I heard that. I'm dumping it. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, we still say dump. No, you can't say dump and you certainly can't say thump. Well, I'm taking my garbage to the garbage place. Good. And dump it there. I mean. So that's number one. They should be going through the entire DCS. And I mean, they don't have to, for the sports nerd, because the sports nerd is, especially the extra stock, they blur it out a bunch of crap on here all the time anyway. Because some of them don't happen to be like real broadcasts. They just happen to be sports nerds. So a lot of people like, but nevertheless. And then number two, anybody in this business now, I did see the yesterday, especially. I'm not going to mention the names on the year. By solving the names of some people in the business, now I'm assuming that those were legitimate on the stop at cc said.com, we're not all the names actually show up on there, but the last five whenever you have to click on it will show up. Which I think is having interesting things will show up the name and where they live. And I saw some people in the industry sign on there. One of our salespeople came in this morning and said that he signed it. And other people he knows he had him signed it. But anybody in the radio industry who doesn't sign this petition, you're a real major what we can't say anymore. Okay. You're a bad person. Yeah, you're a bad person. It's what you are. Shame on you. I mean, every person that works in sales, every broadcaster who gets on the air even to say hello in goodbye, which pretty soon that's up, we're going to be able to say, you ought to be on that petition right now. You ought to be emailing everybody and no one even just through the phone book through the white pages. And saying, get on stop fcc.com right now and sign it. Let's get them a 10 million signatures and bomb barred Congress and the White House and everybody and the FCC. And let them know that we really are mad as hell. We're not going to take this crap anymore. It's got to stop somewhere. Tensanity. Now, see, the thing of it is, I got all kinds of alternate solutions. Many. See, I'm not boxed in, which was in a way. It wasn't a bad idea. I did those seven months where I just read all the bedtime stories all day didn't take any calls. You know, right? Didn't have to read about anything. That's one possibility. Music's another possibility there. This is in different ways to cut this turkey. But the idea that we're supposed to be able to sit here and interpret as we go along. This is not acceptable. It's not possible to come from corporate. It has to come from the people whose very licenses on the line. If they can't tell us how now are we supposed to know? And the only reason we even have this list that we took that pull on yesterday is because I demanded it. We're just supposed to remember in our head well, oh, here's one and here's another kind of piecemeal. It's like the same mentality as the FCC. Well, just keep going ahead about 80 miles an hour. We'll let you know when you're going too fast. So if there it is, gotcha. Unacceptable. Absolutely positively unacceptable. Absolutely. Thanks mom. Four minutes till now, let's that schedule look like we got the mad dog at two. Oh, right. The homperies in Vegas had for this afternoon the Hebrew hammer. The Vegas. Seven o'clock Panther preview Panthers are just about to have to win every game from now on. I have a shot at the playoffs. I was a big win over the omnis, but they still got to keep winning. They play at Atlanta. The trashers tonight, 70 is game time. Educators, the hockey game and the oksies unacceptable sporting news radio overnight. In Either way or you have a Westけど, at you the same. Aallah. Which last 8 years. about my off 20 votes. He doesn't like yesterday because this is not all that controversial, but it's a little more fun, right? Yeah, let me get everybody whipped up into a constant center frenzy and good for our health. You want to fight the good fight? You have to like keep on an even kill, right? Number Howard Kiel, he's still dead. Which of these people places or businesses do you think is the most overrated mostly a hype? Howard Stern 80 Joe Stone crab 73 Walmart 36 out back 28 South Beach 28 George W is moving up fast 23 George W King 21 Rascal House 19. Oh boy, this should be doing better than that. That should be yours problem, sunny Ooh Planet Hollywood 18 Rush Limbaugh 17 Papa couple of more rush hard rock cafe 16 Disney 16 Ricky Tiki Sanchez 12 Jimmy Buffett 11 Alex Penelis 10. Oh, I hate saying that Alex sub-Picania He's just a little guy kind of funny looking he's got 10 Smith of Malunski six, but we sure like that's silverware. Thank you Niagara Falls six b-side three alienito a lemon Gonzalez three and parole Chuck E. Cheese at a 428 votes They want to got a pair. They only got two. It's for a little kid, right? It's a fun place to go and give plastic in your intestines It's rated perfectly for what it is right. It's a little place Right it's so it's about as cheesy as it gets WQA. I'm hello Yeah, I thought the deal with speaking yes Hey Neil are you pretty good. I got two for your list I'm shocked about there yet So I grasp mills mall. Oh That is one of the all-time best choices man. What what is that place all a boot and it's expanding or something? Probably maybe they'll buy my house for million dollars and the other one I can't stand is that Simon Crowell or whatever he's do the name is from American Idol Simon Cowell What ever I'm not she's discussing this before Exactly thanks, Pally All right, yeah, you know something I think he just now see people plays a bit in an all-american I don't listen for those categories Simon Cowell will do Sawgrass mills mall. I can do the whole rest of the show on that because I live right out there in that neck of the woods as you know How many times a year do I go there? I see I'm not gonna play I just don't go there What are you gonna go there for? It's the it's the third Diggest attraction tourist attraction estate of Florida Disney world's number one I believe bush gardens is number two. I could be wrong on that and but I know a sawgrass is number three now. How is that possible? That's why nobody speaks English there No, they also speak Prefilient portagacy or something. I don't know It's like the tower of Babel when you walk in there. I don't know what they're playing so all the time Why do I keep hearing that vaccine sound you hear that was that in the line I'm vaccine you? Oh, oh? And I hear I see So a vaccine sound and a facemashy what a concept no seriously the sawgrass I mean if there was like a real storm on that JC pennies outlet the store whatever they call that have you ever been in there? Maybe I don't know oh, you know I've only ever been in there on radio related occasions Like the pair right remember deciding with Dr. Bob rest in peace. I'm gonna forget Who was watching where he walked that day? I'll look at this the sidewalks weren't icy on that day, but in any rate We had Dr. Bob signed over 700 books sold over a thousand of his books that day was great That was at the books a minute. That's a good place We like those people they were very nice to us. We like them, but quite frankly since I have a borders about two blocks from where I live I'd probably go to borders Or probably if I really want to go to a real bookstore over the fountain shops what's that? Let's get a big book chain Barnes and Noble you know where that one is sure. Oh, that's a great store. We got one by the hood It's nice. I mean Barnes and Noble makes borders look like a dime store with a few magazines quite frankly. Oh, I shouldn't have said that well But borders don't like me anyway Oh, you don't want to buy that. Well, you want that CD for huh? Palm Beach County trouble maker just backed and said when I was a child my family had what was called a curse word jar Whenever our kids uttered a dirty word We headed a positive quarter. I love your situation. I think you should consider doing the same Instead of a quarter have to be about $7,000 Not third man For real or imagine FCC word list now how to consider where a construction might not be a bad idea Says the Palm Beach County trouble. I'm sure How do we know we don't know and we can't even get it from our corporate people, okay? All we get is our program director and operations manager winding. Well, we don't know. We're well, that's great. We need to know. Okay. We have a need to know Now Greg says that I've been very cooperative so far and that was even before the latest Eda came down Can I say that Eda and I have been not to pat myself on a back because it's not easy when you're as fat as I am But nevertheless but I mean it comes a point especially with easy see I think I did a like it But I think it was fine until we got these latest there is a couple of words on his list which First of all we never said them that are just common sense anyway. I have no problem with that in fact one two uh Two three well, but again, it all depends on context even at bitch from the FCC said it all depends on context right But we did get to good news that we can say the vice president's first name as long as we call him Dick Taney Let's see Miguel apologizes for letting Scott write the other one. So okay good Join the big Oh, two today at the Verizon Wireless 8903 Glades Road in Boca stop by to spend the meal for prizes That's still two is there right now at the big O with Verizon Wireless and joined George tomorrow 11 to one as four to pop No at 1,000 North federal highway. They'll have prizes there usual crappy low budget QM prizes But you can enjoy free food from a lot of city subs where the bread makes the difference so does Ira Go let's stop you right in stuff to be on here. Okay. It's a little beyond his scope. Okay That he brings a big bottle of scope in there every day he borrowed it from for Al Bill the one who doesn't hate George in for Lauderdale says it seems to me the end result of this FCC how to control crackdown It's gonna be a radio show that sounds just like the big Wilson bit that you play where he's doing the renewey type of double-talking on and on and on say absolutely nothing Except he's enlisting about these starland vocal bands upcoming performance of afternoon delight I can hardly wait how Hitler says bill and forward a hot Hitler. No wait a minute. Yes, I'll go crazy That's a sexual song explicitly sexual what sense after the delight. Yes, it is I didn't see We're gonna play all right. Okay, I'll be picking on poor bill. Okay, just a hello big hello big Practiced to an echo but hello big. Yeah 81 votes for the stern mister 76 for Joe Stone Grant everybody also far is little league Hello WD Hello, big yes They're why the American idols yeah, oh They have to suck I hate those people Okay, well, thanks, but that's not the category American idols are show I mean the American Idol people. Yes, like especially yeah, I talked about the American idols Yeah, but we can't that doesn't that doesn't that's that the stretch in a reach okay We're not stretching it and we're sure not reaching with it so just forget about not toward working hours anyway Simon cow is good enough and let's you want to put that hung guy on there and see we can't say that either Can we say hung oh not a chance, okay Sorry, so sorry Get some coins and put them in the slot Can't say that scramble says every time she stands up they fall out Come to QM hello Hey doing yeah pretty good this lock shop is a number two month business. The swam shop. I love it I'm up there a pair of them as well Paracel and the fabulous choice Gotta go What kind of a person will want to see her naked? I have no lie exactly Why would you want to go look at a paracelton do an anything when you can see El Mac first on our website today free if you're over the age of 85 Behind the beaded curtain of course We've gone ash cloth looking on and keep noticing on here look at a very carefully his eyes are moving He is monitoring On the beaded curtain That's a great shop, but I still say there's I don't want to go into I can't don't you know what I said before the show though Something there to could look a little bit better. I think but nevertheless WQM hello Hi there. Yes, sir I'm a secret Miami secret area. Okay any special vision and a pocket All cast and over All cast your novo okay small potatoes, but we'll put him on her. All cast your novo I just ran in him at the song rest of the night I mean what kind of a jackass? Yeah, I almost said it. What kind of an a whole goes on a year and and makes up a story about how I just ran into Neil I mean he's another one obsessed with me just I'm obsessed This is semi-fax. I listen to you Rogers could I could hear the word not no mole We ought to just Play that every single day over and over and over and over a million times Hi, this is semi-fax. I listen to you Rogers could I could hear the word it? That was just I know but I will say and he said he had a little humblement there So I'm gonna get that out of there. We'll quickly before I play it again 5 670 5 16 in fact, maybe sunny who's got a fair sense of humor once in a while Fees in a right mood and the piece uh, you know not in diving too much Maybe he would we cut that for us and say this is I Said fact I used to listen to Rogers right here the word And put it yeah, put a whole that would be cute that would be cute sunny. Come on Do something useful WQM hello Hey, how you doing? Pretty good sir. I'm good to it's a little outdated now, but I was gonna say jello and Ben That was just a terrible one How about Benifer? Benifer there you go Benifer would be good just put the word Benifer when you're then I'll talk about there You go I had one for George I'll fit to the other day when you guys were doing this song I was gonna say sweet dreams by the aridimate and then Marilyn Manson Right, I couldn't get through so that was a good remake You guys have a fabulous day though and you two back to your power. Hi, brother. Okay, see you on the inside. We're gonna be on the inside man Probably that's passed noon at five sixty WQM. We've hey get on the inside at Pumpano Park or the weather's just right hang out outside down there by the on the apron Give her put your apron on out the track You're with the apron is don't you? Yeah, that's that thing down there. I think I know where everybody hangs around. Yeah, they like they were their skirt Be far we're used to wear a skirt in the apron. I don't think so she had the pants in that family Anyway, all you horse racing fans and poker players Pompano Park racing in cardroom has got the gambling punching action You're looking for Located just a half a mile from both I 95 and the Florida turnpike Pompano Park is a piece of cake to get to no matter where you live investable Pompano Park offers you free admission and free general parking every day Might be my days at suffoc downs in Boston a hundred years ago free general parking free admission. I love that Live harness racing in the poker room is open every Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday including today Poker started just a few minutes ago starts at noon every racing day goes on till midnight and live racing gets into Waynightly at 705 p.m. including tonight Tonight there'll be free drawings to get into the money machine and grab it a thousand dollars in cash and betting vouchers Maybe even when a raffle ticket for 2004 Porsche Boxster plus there'll be swing dancing demonstrations at the track They'll be swinging it and then tomorrow the most unbelievable Farward stunt show on the face of the earth takes place with the amazing Australian dear devil Vince Silvestor when his horse and me silver is They race around the track doing their thing performing their hot-to-trap firework show showtime is 9 p.m It's an unbelievable thing ought to take the kids in a whole family tomorrow night nine o'clock at the track Pompano Park a black-south Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road don't forget South full card cymel casting seven days a week to it the track for the current race schedule call nine seven two two thousand that's nine five four nine seven two two thousand or go online at Pompano Park dot com don't forget first post-time tonight 705 at Pompino Park Your sports radio five sixty two and two a A candles Who the Gonna be We're gonna find out who can sing and who will hear song about the things Here's a chance that my brother think like I can't it you can't watch his thing Hey, what is it? Here's a deal A baguette I know It's season two A pirate get I know Two days a week A baguette I know The other shirt is free Time to go on this evil chap You'll just fall a carry here or smell Ryan's secret all alone Down in the basement, up in the home Branding chances still on board Drop it beyond the hot gorge A American Idol Right now in the pool House of Willis We're gonna watch it But I don't like you slam it Bye I'm proud to say I've never watched it You and I never will I'm too excited about that never watched it Oh, lucky you you don't have anybody We're gonna see it turns it on and has it on But I have some bad news for you though Speaking of American Idol Wait till you're about the newest reality show You're already told you this morning before the show You're just a surprise you with us The National Enclower, the brand new issue Just after this week says You've been juiced That old cut-up OJ Simpson gets his own reality show And it's got a picture of him here Despite his filming schedule OJ still has a little time for golf The show is pattern after Ashden cut-ups You've been juiced that could be America's hottest new catchphrase If OJ Simpson has his way, OV After 10 years of being shun by Hollywood And major advertisers, the juices attempting to show Is comeback with a new reality show The inquiry is learned exclusively The show has pattern after Ashden cut-ups Pockets are punct series on MTV And we cut Simpson right hand In filming episodes in LA in mid-March And in one of the show's first segments He accused double murderer A kill in the cold Was made up to look like an elderly white man OJ walked through the lobby of the Lux Summit hotel In Bel Air on March 11 Disguised with a balding head Wrinkled skin and liber spots The hotel source told the inquiry He was hunched over and walked very slowly with a cane He shuffled onto the bar satown Or did a drink OJ told me I just shot a bit from my show And it was hysterical I called the numbers at a bingo game The ball rolled down the shoot I grabbed it with a shaky head And he held on in a craggy voice B26 I had to keep myself from laughing He said he also said A kill in the cold The source posted Simpson And at one day a producer called OJ And asked if he considered starring in a reality show He was elated In the show, people are caught in embarrassing real-life situations OJ has put right in the middle to get a reaction And he says You've been juiced when the trap is sprung Ever see him and Alan fun together? Well, he thinks it's catchier than Ashden's You've been punk for example in one segment A life admits to a jealous husband That she's had a gun affair with another man Before the husband can compose himself The doorbell rings He answers the door and there's OJ's They in the doorway smile on like a treasure cat Oh that's going to be funny And OJ says The kill in the cold OJ told me I really believe nobody wanted to see me on TV again But now I got a second chance And it feels great Too bad the call in Ron can't feel anything These days But it feels really great How's sad I bet you that the water Nazi And screw in And Greg and some of the other Dodoberg sports nerds in Eddeling Are just they just can't wait There more are said about the scene her Then freak out there to front desk Is about seeing Kuchi Kuchi Susan Luchi By the way Susan Luchi's daughter that plays Gwen on passions Is one of the ugliest sloth ever seen in my life George Lucas His way overrated the last thing he directed was in 1977 Now he's just a money grubbing scum George Lucas got it I heard he's out of this world What I heard Now I did hear this This is just I mean I can't almost speechless Thanks to the drugs we tort by the way That's with the tdrudge.com Thank you for this is from News Day Bush campaign gear made in Burma His campaign store sells a pullover from an Asian country The official merchandise website for president W's Reel lesson campaign has sold clothing made in Burma Whose goods were banned by Bush from the US last year to punish its military dictatorship The merchandise sold on www.jorgewishstore.com It includes a 4995 fleece pullover fleece being the operative word Embroiderably Bushchene 04 logo Embroidering a label standing in the US Embroidering a label standing was made in Burma Now, Myanmar The jacket was sent to News Day's part of an order That included a shirt made in Mexico And a hat not burying a country of origin label The Bush merchandise is handled by spouting group A 20 years old supplier of campaign product and services In Louisville, Kentucky, it worked for the last five Republican presidential nominees Ted Jackson spouting's president said We found only what other were in the toy that was made in Burma The others were made in the USA He said the company has about 60 of the fleece pullover's In the supply, including the Burma product by mistake Right Bush campaign officials didn't return calls He can come in The imports are potentially an issue because Out sourcing has become a hot political topic in the election That's a movie Bush lands to lie signed in the law The Burmese freedom and democracy act saying The United States will not waver from its commitment To the cause of democracy and human rights in Burma Violators of the import ban are subject to fines in jail According to the US Treasury Department Burmese textile workers can earn as little 7 cents an hour According to the National Labor Committee, a human rights group There you go Just a little hypocrisy from Al President Day there Ever seen him and Kathy Lee together Same person Same idiot Hans Blix said, remember Hans The invasion of Iraq has polarized the Middle East And may have worsened the threat of terrorism Says he went weapons inspector Hans Blix On a tour of the West of Holland is booked at an And what? What an idiot Chris Matthews You know if there's a bigger idiot that's ever been born I can't imagine what might be He had him on a couple of nights ago On the end of the interview, the music serves plain And time is running out Nobody's watching anyway, it's MSBC And he says, well thank you very much for being with us And good luck with the book Good luck with the book It would be like having Jesus Christ Come down from the sky Jesus Christ Sitting in the next<|ko|> Chris from Matthews and Chris saying Well listen, thank you Jesus for being with us Everybody by good luck with the movie See what I'm saying I mean this guy is such a puts Plus what has he gotten his mouth? Well To talk where he talks like that he duck On a tour of the West of Holland is booked This Army Iraq Blitz criticized President George W And British Prime Minister Tony Blair for engaging in a witch hunt To justify the West that invasion of Iraq a year ago One year ago today And the speech sponsored by the Chicago Council on Foreign Relations Of Blitz listed the negatives He believes a result from the war Polar societies in the Middle East A rift in NATO damaged the UN Security Council And no easing in the threat of terrorism The terrorism threat has not abated, he said As to expand on his comments and letter the March 11 train The country's in Spain, the kill more than 200 he said It's clearly an increase in the terrorism It was al-Qaeda or some other terrorist movement trying to tell the states They should not participate in actions in Iraq He said his task of seeking weapons and mass destruction Iraq was undermined by the Bush and Blair government Which probably knew they were exaggerating the threat to justify the invasion He says the war was more punitive than preemptive he said Oh, all those dead bodies man All those nameless dead bodies All those coffins at the prison does want to go and see 26 past no in a QM how's that pull coming? Which of these people places or businesses do you think is the most overrated mostly hype? 528 votes not bad Howard Stern 686 Joe Stonecraft 83 got a good battle going on there between the Sternmeister and Joe's George W43 he's moving on peace dangerous Wal-Mart 37 the outback 35 South beast 31 rush is moving up 29 The King Meister 28 planet Hollywood 23 Disney 20 to the Rascal house has got 28 Oh, Rick Sanchez 17 hard rock happy 16 Jimmy Buffett 13 Alice Penelis 11 Smith will unscute alien Gonzalez six. How is the catcher? No, but we put him on air not he's not on there. There he's got one probably old old Ron voter form 27 past noon have you ever listened to that show? Are you talking about Paul and are you? Hmm. No. You never listen to it? One more time ago once a long time ago and it went back up earlier was making an omelette Our Our Let's see over get omelette and stugats nine forty-eight No, maybe that post. Can I say omelette? You did oh toast. I'm sorry. Why can't I'm confused? Some breakfast food is on it with stugats He's speaking a food well good segue if you're starving to death, but you don't want to cook up a storm and spend all the time in the kitchen Emerald coast will do it for you that cook up a feast likes of what you've seldom seen They've got six different kinds of fantastic soups and ziggins of suck in an entree like Like I said delicious on phrase. I don't think we can say suck it out no more New York strip made order and there's sizzling aging grill along with a new seafood say joc oysters on a half-shell a Last in stone crab middle night clams jumbo shrimp a jumbo See him scampy every night If you still have any room in your perfect sample the handcar primary of the new Thai specialties too They got a full salad bar new sushi bar and fresh See him cocktail no headaches when you walk out there more coast because they don't use any MSG no cornstarch No craptic or everything only with cholesterol for your else too And if at the end of this unbelievable pig out you still have a little bit of room like I always tell you shove a crowbar in your pants Or just shove up the desserts in your pants they've got a dessert bar that's fantastic with Belgian waffles Pies cakes pastries ice cream and all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit And there's nothing better than a fresh fruit just ask me three locations and will cost for their in sunrise Pine all at a 44th street columns seven who just know at the 163rd north Miami beach and also at the intersection of prestigious flamingo and pemor grotes in pemor pines So take the old family or book your next business lunch and right now and let our friends at the Amal coast cook up a storm for your fantastic Unbeatable feast take out and delivery always available to Call me 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 that's 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 why not this weekend make a pit stop at the Amal coast Chinese buffet My This is Or From the makers of the passion of the Christ comes Passion of the Christ On ice All the violence of the movie you love but with a triple axle crucifixion See columns and graceful Roman soldiers whipping and weaving around the magnificent Messiah New York Times reports these skaters really nailed this one and USA today says jumping Jesus Christ on ice is cold blooded fun Ring the kids to witness and save your each moment they cross the grace The Gorge and the suffering of Christ on ice These numbers may experience nausea just in this death or resurrection Com 33 a more splurgeness in Baghdad the US led war and our shut up will put it on it Did not tell you this morning that because today's the anniversary is going to be so heavy duty crack going on there and there is 6469 signatures from Florida Syrians waiting in Baghdad's coalition held green zones a Cyrus wailing there. I just got through saying that So we're like way ahead in New York which 4,552 for New York with a 20 million people with the stern mice to run on the K rock and New Jersey which is like right I mean 2184 take a look at their jersey if you must you got built at alphi on a one side which is right across from Trenton, Kandan and so Stirns on a Philly right and he's on in New York which of course covers all the eastern Jersey like a blanket so what are we talking about 2184 signatures from New York? I mean from a jersey in 41 and it's sad it's pathetic So we passed New Jersey at Ohio and Pennsylvania and New York We still got about 2500 to go to catch California and Texas, we make catch him or not Not that it's a contest but that it's just is a little extra motivation for people who are generally free lazy and don't want to Like sign new name or scare to sign a name don't be scared, okay, Scott that can turn you over to the FBI yet Stop FCC dot com get with it. Has everybody in a building signed the petition right what? There are people inside that building so you haven't signed a petition you're not in the building off until you keep forgetting where we work Speak in and power in sports Well kissing here, well kiss this no 560 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T line WQM hello I got one for your pull okay The Bahamas is unbelievably overrated actually exactly and I don't know how cash for no more got out in a get yeah How he got on there because I mean I don't think anybody even overreaches in the start with you Yeah, he's small potatoes and I'm surprised at Texas is their number one and I'm surprised because it seems to be like The number one state for a fine people offer to stuff like that. Yeah, but Scott mentioned that I asked him he said that they for whatever reason I mean they have two stations of Carrie Steering there and Houston and Endalus and he I don't know he must have gotten on the air there And Texas and made a big poster or something but they started before anybody else, so that's why they're hand. Okay Thanks a lot, pal. He's here to homies not he's right Bahamas is just sucks 56070 five 60 what cracks me up is that you know people in that building who get a lot of free tips to the bombers oh you're wrong The only Bahamas is great. What's the last time you've been there not long enough ago They treat you like crap Raped rape the public grab your money and that's all they want to do is rip off the Americans that that's it Of course the right to the world. They want to kill the Americans or least, you know Don't go to Mexico either No, have you heard about the the cab rides in Mexico? Yes, I like it. It's kind of like a roachmol tell you check him, but you never check out. I've heard about the next ones Don't start man pretty several be El Sincot and Mayo and then you'll see a thing or two then you'll smell a thing. I mean see a thing or two. Think oh swim 60 469 and I'm looking on here at the last five names on here. I see Ohio New York Massachusetts Pennsylvania, California, Arizona, New Mexico. I don't see no Florida But he's a Scott's getting close to 60,000. I'm happy about that. That's good. It's coming along Although when we first discovered this time Tuesday all day it said like the last 24 hours to like 8,000, 8,300 new Usingu just and I noticed lately it's like 5,000 some like right out 65 24 That's not good enough I wish there was some way. I mean we need to figure out we need to like brainstorm a little bit because this is serious And it's getting worse every minute of every day These are opening stages of what will be a broad and concerted campaign And a salt on free speech. Oh nice going W. They always come through for us, you know it WQAM hello Yes, sir. Oh you want Kevin Dons? Tony voice in a bad one too. A WQAM hello. Hello, yes, sir I've been called a bit sick George give me the bat wine. I love it. Oh god Reverend Jones has been sick which we say a right he's been able to call either no wonder Hope that it's something serious. I mean I hope you die. WQAM hello Yes, sir. How about QAM for your poll Most overrated. Yes, sir based on what who's ready to find They don't based on sports not because you're on it, but just based on sports. Okay. I don't have any problem with that. All right, Neil. Thanks. If you want to put me on there I wouldn't mind either, but nobody has yet. That's okay. WQAM the sports thing QAM. That's fine Now clearance will probably come in. Oh gee, how could you do that very easy very simple, okay? Simple things for simple things clearance I don't be in doubt have a real good time going through the easiest. I probably get some good yaks and good laughs here and lot of things that you folks won't be able to hear no mole Although that is one thing we still can play But no after one I think money's a little deadline for that I'm not really sure why and of course the mole bits. I don't think there are any of them old bits. I mean he's getting raped to the end I don't know there's this and of course those sounds simulating sexual activities. See that's another thing Because they're reading our minds. They're reading their reading book of Brian's mind when he did those bits. They know exactly what he had in mind Like that discussion we had about that bit the last year of the crisis and there and you think it's right. I think it's really the bad. Well, I know exactly what you're saying, but they're not going to agree with this because they're disagreeable I got a great article if I never print this damn thing out by Carl Bernstein just rips and Carl Bernstein remember Woodward and Bernstein sure Carl Bernstein, we still got a little personality You ever see Woodward on TV He is his wooden as a cigarster in demand. I have never a brilliant guy, you know Good malliquette in the world good writer, but boy on TV he says wouldn't as the counter your sitting at right now Here wolf which is to oh there's Paul grammar. There's another BS guy 20 till one at five 60 Q a m I'm going to be a man of a human 50 six What would it be in Orlando all about ten minutes? From my amage or I'll just take the bullet tray Now you can travel from Key West to Jacksonville in less than 15 minutes on the Florida bullet tray Thanks to her well-resist landslide both Now board in the bullet train for your whole job, you're just a pop up and come on guy Why just take the moderate off with some barter queue when the bullet train can take you all the way from Tampa you're right into this game day Where you can explore the tropical barrier leaves they did entirely of Keylebund view it Who hold him confidence in the credibility of elected officials has finally paid off take the Florida bullet train Which had a link in the issue in the Florida bullet train call wait a minute Wait It's the bullet train Prof. 45 at five 60 W to Q a m St. Pete times legendary reporter Carl Bernstein rift last night about president Bush the Martha Stewart trial the war in Iraq and his affection for Florida Nobody's perfect But he mostly talked about an epidemic that troubles him deeply these days. He'd cause it and I love the way he goes refers to it the triumph of idiot culture Ha ha Ain't that great? I love it Speaking to a crowd of about 200 that they wind and waste your intampy plays most of the blame on modern media outlets Bernstein the former Washington Post journalist who along with fellow reporter Bob Woodward on earthy watergate scandal The resignation of president Dick Nixon said much of today's news is deteriorated into gossip sensationism and manufactured controversy That type of newspaners to the public and itself their intelligence ignoring the contents of a context of real life He said good journalists and Bernstein said you challenged people not just mindlessly amused them did that a dime use use He said the modern press lacks truly to ship settings such examples as a well-time order and mobile rooper Murdoch as media owners who have increasingly abandoned their principles of meaningful reporting Boy he is absolutely positively They're interested in truth as secondary to their interest in huge profits Bernstein said Still he said people can change the trend by exploring the internet and piecing together from reputable sources their own news about important world matters How do you like that a man of our own heart? He offered another solution to avoiding the transit fills their ways changed the dance channel simple what a concept Bernstein also turned his election yesterday the coming election calling president Bush the most radical president of my lifetime and perhaps in the century He said Bush is radical in every degree from a favoritism of the wealthy to preemptive foreign policy to a lack of concern for civil rights He certainly seems more ideological than any of our presidents Bernstein said even so a Bernstein said he hopes a genuine debate can take place this year about the future of our country rather than the petty corals and meaningless accusations That's what the dominant campaign coverage Let's move beyond the absurd name calling and sound by journalism. He said it's our job to force a real debate What happened? Fries he might Bernstein couldn't escape the ghost of watergate even for one night a man stood during the post speech question Ancestralist of deep throat the anonymous source by use by what would would in burnty was a real person Bernstein smiled broken into an impression of Nixon grumbling to when assistant wondering himself about the throat's identity Finally Bernstein said it is one person. We didn't make him up and when deep throat dies Will reveal him. We'll drag him out of the closet Wait for the hear this Want to stay fit in the healthy not really oh well if you do Two top French nutritionists are telling people to go for a big Mac and keep their fingers off in traditional French Keesh In an unexpected message to a country and prodding itself on the superiority of its food a new food God Prices the McDonald's burger friving a higher and healthier protein to fat ratio than Francis Keesh Lorraine Strangely enough the products which are the most demonizer not necessarily the worst John Michael Cohen John Michael Cohen Oh and Patrick Sirog wrote in their book save Savloin manager manager Savloin manager whatever I hate that French in which they analyze 5,000 dishes available in shops and restaurants the verdict published this month comes as McDonald's Losses a new campaign that helped you food choices with menus and also said it's limiting super size number of poofersizing and to no more suffering could Dragonic 10 gallon size like 7 11 I have the one it's just got a big hose in they put in the bathtub What is this thing about property? Oh here we go with another campaign. Oh geez stop Stop you believe this that's why I've launched my property tax coming well good lucky and we're okay You're the wrong and we feed nothing I like Good golly Miss Molly Everybody's got a cause. Oh come on Neil help us up like the one that's always fascinated That stuff about the school whatever that deal you know what I'm talking about are you the cause to let the near the cause to live Line 9's ring and WQM hello Yes, sir. How you doing pretty good. I like to Not many somebody is state average right Ronnie Reagan Ronnie Reagan excellent choice And thank you so much Ronald Reagan you got it Josh Josh you got a remember Ronald Reagan course Ronnie Reagan don't remember him either That was really bad that was a cheap shot at Porrani okay with his trickle down In fact Nancy said it's trickle down all the time now There you go To Yeah touch this anyway there's a great job all on least beat till the last I treat to hung on for dear life 5605 sick and no judges pretty far up about that WQM hello Yeah About Donald Trump Donald all actually we were talking about this one. Thank you so much Thank you Which leads me into the story where did I print that out? I'm sure I did About Donald Trump that is ladies ego trip. You know here it is Trump seeks to trademark your fire I mean that's why saying I'm gonna trademark Bye bye John McCluckman from that show going bye bye or just and just and think about it trademark Bye bye Yeah How do you like their apples? What did you see when these ash diners wears the beef Nike committed sports nuts to just do it now Donald Trump is seeking You know what does reminds me of? When Nancy Reagan said just say no how about Nancy Reagan trademark's no Huh? No, no Can't say it Nancy's got the trademark no Donald wants to trademark another 50 phrase your fire The real estate mogul and reality TV star and a hole as fired a trademark application for the phrase According to the West Patent and trademark orifice's website known for his goddicocinos and unusual main of copper hair Trump this misses underlings on the hit TV show the apprentice with a curt your fire Which rhymes with retire your fired? I watch that show once if you paid me by the second I wouldn't watch it again But it's a big hit. Okay, so some American Idol Trump said he intended to em blazing your fired on games and casino services and your fired Donald's a Trump on clothing Oh, let's go out and buy it. He needs the cash though bad Poor baby other tyrannical buses won't won't have to alter their vocabulary if the application wins approval A US Patent and trademark office official said it only a protective specific uses on his merchandise A trademark attorney listed on the application did not immediately return to call seeking comment. Oh, you're fired What a sad sad state of affairs 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line the mad dog at two the hump are from Vegas at four Panthers in the pressures from Atlanta at seven o'clock pregame tonight seven thirty game time big game WQM hello Hey, read my lips Mr. Neil Mr. Bush mice that will go down as the worst president in US history. Okay. Thanks for a bulletin WQM hello Yes, sir. Hey, I don't For a long time listener first time calling all right I cannot first time I call a long time ago, but I'm hurting a long time cuz I'm already a busted in my car So dammit. Yeah, anyway, there's one actually you're what's coming central? Yes, you're what did you spell show? No, no, well, there's a black man who can make fun of himself So I don't give it a try new and I got a request. Yes, sir. I'm not done. We can't Can we I don't know while I let let's give it a try We'll just go on I always a button tummy from tight on me saying for the best high food and a best service as long as you're not black Comment down to tight on me or selfish we know like black people They don't keep well besides why black people aren't to eat high food anyway We don't have fried chicken on the menu. Oh, but wait. I forget we have a spare ribs Good thing I told us that we're so many who they talk about all so if you know black Comment down to tight on me come to think of it those damn gay people We know like them either should it put but they talk too loud with funny list They stop other customers no comeback, so no gay no black and why we added Latin people You like reservation for 17 15 don't show up at 820 and it's for you table We give to somebody else already Latin people always late no black no gay no Latin and Thai coming and George people you stop figuring all of you who can't who have what pay where to undergo set our Outside takes 45 minutes to try to divide a bill we ain't all want you here No, you know black no fact no human and white people you think you better than everybody else Complaint too much if we don't kiss your ass you all know come back No white no black no children not Latino stop games everybody else for the best high food Come on down to tight on the beach hurry before we have to close I guess that we're out of that I'm wearing I guess he covered all the bases while he beef actually and says for what for the What is from the what is worth the apartment? At a side it was easy to create a note of my own and send it to most of the addresses in my email address book And try to fill in the form on stop FCC dot com. This is the note. I don't ask for much But I really appreciate it if you would take a look at the following site take a moment if you agree register your signature Walt and then he's got the address stop FCC dot com. It's a more personal. I hope that gets in positive results as I sent it out to Most people good luck with all and words my cheap guys. Oh, thank you, Mr. President for that cheap guys You But it's the one to do our Bush hates days bush eights gates see how her past a gay amendent then Well off to infants is what they go to become a married home always discussed it unless you're a heterocos bush Oh Found for me feeling some sense Take me off my reluctant The micrisco Oh, the speaker is going on my way home My wake up so clear, we'll win every week I feel so bad, everything we've had I feel like I'm in our church And all I want to do is to be more dirty But they'll fire me too I want to want to fire 60WC Don't forget to be old The big old We'll be out till cool Pomposemmon at the rise in wireless Even nanofreeg laser in focus Tap out to spin the wheel For prizes Another hour to go to the big ol For rise in wireless Enjoying George tomorrow 11 to 1 at the Fort of Papino 1,000 north federal highway Stampide when prizes enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs Get there early before the food Disappears It hasn't have it to do in that I'm sure I just discovered thanks to this Thanks to this facie semi Really neat website Besttalkradio.com You'll receive Nope, never heard of it These are the eye And you click on there It's got blurbs about different talk people There's Howard sperm And we're right underneath The only thing is I wish they changed the time Because it's got 9-8 to 1 pm I don't want a nitpick though They've got these stopfcc.com logo on there For people to click on they got a link If you want to link it to our website There's your old friend Phil Are you sure? I'm sure you're a friend Phil And Jim Phillips monsters in the midday And a bunch of people But it's got my pitch you there With it's stoking my posts It's a nice website Besttalkradio.com So thanks guys Whoever you are This story here Here's an idea Some of you people out there They're plotting and planning How you're going to survive To these tough times ahead To retire Chicago school teacher And died April 28 1982 But a pension test scum coming Are kept coming for 18 more years And her son Kept signing her name and cashing them Pocketing more than $278,000 According to criminal charges for the estate And federal court in Boston Phil up W. Hyde after a query from a pension Fun Official in 1997 Inform them that his mother Mary and was continuing to receive Romantic checks at his Cambridge home Noting that she is frail and has good days and bad days And she is still a little bit difficult for her to get out of the house And employ of the public school teachers pension and retirement Fun Official college called Hyde in July 2000 After spotting a list that indicated that his mother had died And demanded the speak to her according to federal court documents Hyde allegedly said his mother who would have been a hundred by them Was ill after suffering a stroke And couldn't speak on the phone Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha This is a great scam Got it Keep in mind Yeah I got it written The following month Hyde sent letter to the pension fund And claiming that after being in a coma for a month His mother died August 9, 2000 His home 18 years after her actual death at the age of 82 He enclosed a copy of a paid death notice He had placed in an embossed and globe August 12, 2000 She was a wonderful teacher for many years in Chicago She lived a long fulfilling life for a very proud of her Yesterday federal prosecutors charged Hyde with mail fraud For falsifying documents to conceal his mother's death From the pension fund Hyde is accused of building the fund out of a total of 317,678 dollars Well what a shame This is cute It's an unlikely pairing Pontographic film director James DeGeorgio has group with a Christian anti-point group To make a public service announcement Urging parents to keep adult videos and magazines away from kids DeGeorgio says materials like those and not for kids Just like liquor and cigarettes He says extraordinary steps are needed to protect children from them But he says making the commercial starring children's puppets instead of porn stars Was like being an alternate reality Some people in the porn industry aren't happy with this message And they're calling him a turn code They said it was kind of a turn around Back back to him Helicopter over to keep showing that chopper over there Helicopter over Baghdad They got that alza wa here yet No, no I'm in the parliament They don't have him yet 560560 Pont 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvellous line QA and hello Hello, Neil Yes, sir Jordan trying to pat him You're gay Yeah, okay, Reverend George's rep it Uh, WQM hello Hi, Neil Yes, man I'd like to vote against the screen list Because I'm just kind of hearing you Rather than a phone ringing Oh, sorry, but we're not going to stop doing that Okay, darn it Listen, there's a great website that my Parker turned me on to that I don't know if you've heard of it But it is absolutely awesome Okay Okay, we can't type bush It's called move on Dot org Can we hurt him? Oh, I never heard of it I never heard of it I never heard you speak of it We have a link to it on our website We've talked about it at length Have we tend to have a special thing going on? We talk about it on our website The big pusher and mover and shaker Move on.org, we love them Absolutely I completely support them and we'll be sending them my money Excellent Frequently Okay All right How many days do we have thanks? Bye Have we heard that? No, no Five, six, seven, and she means well Don't be picking on her, she means well She just missed a thing or two here in there How in five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line He's the brains of Al Qaeda That Dr. I'm in the Piamin, Al Zohahiri He's the doctor They got him yet? He's cornered though He's cornered like a little broom closet You know, I don't want to sound suspicious But the last time everything started falling apart for the bushmaster And things started cave and in Remember all of a sudden on the Sunday morning they found Sodom There he is, we got him Paul Bremorses, we got him And then of course we had that grotesque attack on the hotel and bag bag And all of a sudden people died Well, I'm not too many sure how many body parts they piece together But a lot of people died And it was really nasty stuff And the Vreenet's day All of a sudden the pack he said, hey we got him We know where he is now We got him cornered Just out of nowhere So those people who keep talking about the October surprise Wouldn't be no surprise to me at all At all WCWM-HOW Hey Neil Yes sir Hey man, how you doing? Pretty good Hey you know the government is in the top head What is it? Top head, the government Yeah The top head and the entire credit ship is 560, 50560, on the AT&T And Verizon wireless line Ah, so little time you know So many goofballs in so little time Let's see what we got here Howard Stern, which of these people places or businesses you think is most overrated Mostly type Howard Stern 99, Joe Stone crab 94 George W. Bush 69 Oh he can collect that number Rush level, he might Rush level 38 Walmart 38 Outback steak house 37 Why did that? Why are they so hostile? I mean they got a bad steak South Beach 37 Larry King 29 Disney 28 Ricky Tickey Sanchez 25 Planet Hollywood 24 The Rascal House 22 Hard Rock F.A. 17 Jimmy Buffett 15 Periscillten 15 Alex Penelis I got a really control myself Alice Penelis 12 Ellen Gonzalez 8 Smith and one on skier Magra Falls 6 How could it only have six I guess they never been there Paul Castor over four Donald Trump four Bene43 Chuck E. Cheese 3 George Lucas 3 They side 3 The Swap Shop 2 One for Q.A.M. and O Sports Nerds Ronnie Ray Gun 1 Miami C. Chorium 1 Bahamas Nun Simon Kalonon Saw Grass Mills Mall Nun And David Sugarman's mother don't have any yet Out of 650 vote Well everybody else is on their one Out of her WQA and hello Hey Neil Yes sir What WQA and hello Uncle Neil Yes sir I don't know if you caught the other night On Paul's on the head Randy Rhodes and some other fellow No, I didn't see that Yeah, I think we're talking about Yeah, she was always some guy out of mid west She was a right-winger bush liquor He's some Paul D. Look and he fell a little He was a little bit He wasn't a headlifter Get a hairlifter Yeah, she was got an amount She kept saying marks 29 You just went March 29 There's she said there's a new liberal media To come up against the right Mhm I was just wondering if you could tell me About that I've went ahead and heard If it's worse supposed to be If it's Yeah, it's an hour ago I've been out of mid day And they got Randy's going to still be on 3 to 7 And I had to write it to her Time and they got some goofballs on in a morning It's going to go over like a halivari and Saudi Arabia You know, it's just He's saying I wish you all a luck in the world With her, you know, a jappy style But it just, liberals just aren't into that I hope I'm Yeah, this show seemed to have just a little bit of a left I'm saying it to Oh no, no, it's not going to have a left Just a little bit, it's a liberal network Not a lie The bizarre shows seem to be cheating around And I see Oh, I see, on a Paul's on Paul's on don't have any left to tell, believe me Oh really? No way Well, shameless Neil, I want to call Larry a douchebag Wow Anyways, 11 after one at 560 WCM talk about the guidance Out of touch with reality, you know what? Saudi, like, you know, kind of like a real human being living and breathing He just isn't, he's not keeping up to date President Lincoln enjoyed most of the play That's a good news Hey, if you want to know more about following a low carb diet You want the best tasting biggest selection of low carb foods And here's where you ought to go Head forward, do you like to waste Boko? Whether you're starting or restarting the ad Can sugarbusters South Beach, when he low carb sugar free died Do you like to waste Boko's always been the number one low carb store in America And for good reason because they've got a humongous selection Over 1200 low carb products to choose from including Braids and bagels, cookies, crackers, chips, brownies, chocolates Carvalide ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes And lots more And don't forget if it's new and great tasting The lights will have it first They're open every day, seven days away from 10 to 10 You can always sample before you buy They've got a friendly knowledgeable staff And they carry the most complete line of ad Can Brent products, you be finding anywhere that are on sale today Next circus all day every day The lights are west book, can we say circus? I don't think so The lights are west book is on the northeast corner of blaze And 441 next to Boston Market Our caller tool free number 1, 877, low carb, L.O.W.C.A.R.B. Or on a web at slowcarb.com Don't forget there's only one The lights are west book is your official Adkins retail center The lights are west book, can we say circus? We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go to the park We're going to go go Goin' down my sinkin' highway is that bad Looney clown Everyone knows the holy ones He goes in the clouds But shut and wasted talking trash With a smile, you had a stop your ass And they've been out in a while Blackham They've been out But of course, I just found a CIO ARNC 2018 at 560 WQAM All the bleeps all the time Look at how our sir and Joe Stonecrab A dead deflete put a time 101 each Which of these people places or businesses do you think is the most overrated Mainly a hype, we're almost to 700 votes It's not too shabby, 676 will get there I noticed though, we got like 6500 people Singletoo's from a Florida And during the course of the show today about 285 something like that But nothing like the last couple of days You see if you don't keep banging on it banging on it Right Now somebody might say, well everybody who's going to sign those things is already done I don't think so I really don't think so I mean look yourself in the mirror As we have to start doing juvenile stuff Talking to people like 5-year-old children on the radio And on TV And keep in mind that what they have in mind is not just what they're doing right now They got cable Michael Paul has made it very clear he will not be satisfied To the FCC has the jurisdiction over cable And like Tom Jicker wrote and is a pretty damn good article How can they do that? It's not over the year, it comes on a wire in your house and you pay for it You close the paper, I see cable And then of course satellite Right And satellite radio And then of course, public heist of resistance Last but certainly not least will be The internet So all these really neat and creative and informative websites that we like to read And give us some real information as opposed to government spoon fed propaganda They'll be gone if they have their way So you may get, you know, make up your own mind You want to do something about it and make a message Send a message like Joey Zazar Or we just want to sit back and they'll be a learn-ass A nerd All your life WQAM Hello Yes, I can speak to me, I'll speak to you All right, when I talk to you about this profanity Yeah Um The channel for the Court TV Yeah Jason trial Right To be in saying he said the F worked They may have been set on the air Which came across the air Why is that allowed? It shouldn't be The cable Right, we were just right, but what do you want to do? No, George is right, Court TV is cable So I would answer it He won't allow the city F for you have to say the exact word So he made some say that Right Right, a cable That's the answers you're cable, let me see it again, cable But that was part of the ruling today along with the Affinds against Howard Stern and two floor Destation, Chief Channel, I just said Bono because they're rolling now big And the reason they can't find him is because they can't make it Retroactive to when he said that But they're making it very clear that on over the air radio and TV Not cable, over the air The F word is unacceptable under any circumstances in the West of A, can't be said Who, of course, when you watch in a ball game I mean, talk a lot about your hypocrites and phoneys You're watching a ball game in FL game Hockey game broadcast live over the air And they have the microphones down on the field And down near the ice Now, see, hear the sound effects it makes it sound March sighting and you're almost there And I can't even imagine getting through a whole game Where you don't hear the F word and the FM call was that I mean, it's so common But that's okay because it's sports See, maybe they're much of sports nerds at the FCC too Maybe they like clearance Maybe they like to have their way with clearance WQA and hello Yes sir, speaking You just said something and made me wonder Because I've been thinking about this Clear channel paid smoothly of $700,000 fine And you just said that they can't do something retroactive How do they go about raising the limit of the fine? No, that wasn't an increased fine That was for something that happened nine times There was 27,500 times nine, Bubba loves punch Oh, I don't really think they can't make the amount of the fine retroactive now Right, oh, that's fine But you see that the deal is as it stands right now It's 27,500 feet violation So if you were to say a certain word like ten times It would be like two million 750 grand I mean 275,000, I'm sure whatever But it's so ambiguous I just thought that Clear channel could have hired a lawyer for 700,000 So my thousand dollars to beat this because they tried they fought it Oh my god Anyway, I'll save us Okay, hey man And we'd lot more than nine times my math is pretty faulty there And we always do a whole bunch of times There were whole whole series of stuff with Bubba low-spunk So you figured out you do the math 27,500 into whatever it is 755 grand Then they had a $250,000 fine WDC with Elliot in the morning So there's a million And now they got these two for whatever the two little stations are in for In four Pearson four mires Let me say again Clear channel here the anti-Quite You're a bunch of hypocrites in phonies you to stride a radio business No mistake about it I've been the grace They've taken all of the joy out of radio For the people who listen to it, the people who are working it, the people who would like to work in it Clear channel is taken the joy and the excitement and the thrill Because all they do is do cookie cutter radio Maybe now the government may be trying to show We'll see we're not in bed with fair channel We're finding the hell out of them And like I said yesterday when you grossed nine billion dollars last year What's a million dollars in fines? It's a cost to do a business Nine billion dollars All the outdoor billboards All the concert venues I mean they got they got a monopoly like the WDC Nobody's ever seen Keep channel And of course they've destroyed it another way too Because not only have they taken all the variety up I'm not having a local programming and just syndicating the same The same half dozen clowns in every market in the country But anybody who wants to get in the business I mean if you don't like who you're working for right now, where you're going to go Away If they teach you like crap, go up up gas down at Chevron They're doing pretty good 560560 On the AT&T and Verizon line WQAM Hello Oh God Your buddy Adjurj you'll see in a weekend, okay? Can be looking for it tomorrow I'd like to pop it all I'd love to come on, come on, come on Oh, and fact George is going to have And Ted Williams got a rap baseball bat for you Sure, and a special sandwich Right And if you can only use two I hear WQAM Hello WQAM Hello Yes, good afternoon, New Orleans Okay Okay, first I have an addition for your list I just, I don't know if she's on but Rosie O'Donnell Will have Britney Spears for sure Rosie O'Donnell I mean she's got such a following that Yeah, almost unbelievable Very sad You know, it's interesting you told my Chris Matthews earlier You know, I, I quit be showed you other than I only have Hans Wickson and Nick Well, the management Yeah, the minimums like started, you know, giving real Thoughts, real information It was like Matthews was out of his element Yeah I mean, this guy has gone out of his way to protect for so much It is ridiculous I mean, whatever did talk about course And he constantly shows his ads over and over again I mean, this guy's got a hundred and fifty You know, the dollar ad campaign running And this guy's giving him free promotion Almost five to ten times But anybody that would say to what guy of the Statue of Hans Blix at the end of the interview Well, good luck with the book I mean, what's the point? You know, now you understand why nobody watches MSNBC Yeah, I just happened to, I only, I watched Because I heard he was going to be on and it really was work watching You know, I don't, I don't like Bill Ma, but the other night he had Yeah, but you know, the other night he had a get on Including George Colin, but he also had the full of five minutes Or Canada, a woman in Kim Campbell And she had the greatest thing that she said She stated that if you live in a society We're nothing to think of, then you're not living in a free society Kim Campbell is the former Prime Minister of Canada Of Canada, yes Hmm, not that I, I, I, I, I don't know, but I thought it so far For me, that has been the best flow of this of the new millennium Really, I thought it was beautiful Okay, well, don't make that mistake again Okay, thank you Yeah Kim Campbell, it was she killed a gland I'm going to have to look that up I remember up here, Elliot Tudor Do I remember John Cretchen We got Paul Martin now who's in my book kind of a little on a week's eye Very plastic, very cookie cutter kind of guy 27 after what at five sixty W. I'm been telling you for a long time if you want to do my first There's only one smart way to do it Make that one easy called a d'alama first one 800 mattress Here are a few more reasons to be making that cool Thalamak respects up everything they say And advertising 100% that their competitors still use Lots of false deceptive claims to make a long story short They libe you When you see a man crusade making outrageous claims All right, vices, we define print Here's an example, you see big headlines It's a free frame free set up free removal Tiny print of needs says it only applies to luxury models Or you have to live so close to the story It'd be their next door neighbor Or it's for something that you don't need like a frame And guess what? Most people don't need a frame And stores won't apply credit to something else instead It seems there's always a reason why the promotion doesn't apply to your purchase Was that course? Yes, it was of course At Thalamakras derands have no tiny print, no BS, no lies, no disclaimer Every single Thalamakras delivery includes free set up and free delivery Whether it's a top of the line set or a twin mattress for a bunk bed or anything in between And don't forget Thalamakras delivery terms apply wherever you live too No exceptions from Kindle to Stewart from Palm Beach to Fort Myers Thalamakras reminds you to read that fine print because they want you to know what you're buying Even if you decide not to buy from them So if you're really tired of the old lumpy bumpy mattress It's worn out and you want to get you a great night sleep for a long time to come Do the smart thing, it's the honest way to get a great night sleep call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES or log onto their website Macros.com We're going to get a push in front And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today And open so much and pour your beer in today There is no відwhat you have, you do not have me There is no wonry, you, you, you, you are That is a very strong trade country who will rule that country The European Union deserves a response And what in the country would allein They could not leave our culture No poor nationalism and dommeless people Think about coming up with what i do Quick support Rye. Inkrible. Good choice. Thank you very much. This is kind of cute. The groom kissed the groom, says the New York Daily News, the bride kissed the bride in the champagne float. Three same sex couples exchanged thousands of the steps of New York City August today, and a public decoration of love and a message to lawmakers. By the power vested in me by the state of New York can perform any wedding, but this one, I now pronounce you, Mary, it said, Rabbi Ellen Lippon. She solemnized solemnize the marriage of BC Craig 40 and Ruth Finkelstein 49. The couple together 12 years kissed under the traditional Jewish canopy known as Chupa, a big apartment, and as their son Sam III bashed in the go, that's not how you pronounce that. Kippa, Chino-Kippa is a Yarmuka. What is a Chupa? Well, another Chupa cover. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Anyway, two of the couples, Montel, Sherry, Slack and Michelle Cherry Slack, both 30 of Brooklyn, hold, Bob Birdman. And Bradley, Carrie 40 and Mel Bryan, 38 of Manhattan. Also exchange vouchers, dozens of clergy pledged to continue Mary St. Sites couples. A Henry Rush Sites will couple, can meet on the subway at 7 a.m. and be the city clerk's office by three asking for marriage license, and they would get a Michelle Cherry Slack said. We love each other, we're committed to one of those, so we deserve to have those same legal rights, you said. Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgan Thou city will not file criminal charges against any of the participants because there's been no definitive ruling from the courts on the legal and constitutional issues surrounding same sex marriages in New York. Morgan Thou differed sharply from his counterpart in Upstate Ulster County, where the D.A.S. prosecuting two unitarian misters and new Paul ministers and new Paul's marriage and West for performing marriages without licenses. Mayor Bloomberg, who has refused to take a public stand on game urge, said jokingly he was sorry to have missed the ceremonies, which he described as more theater than anything else. He's an idiot, by the way Mayor Bloomberg, just ask Dr. Atkins wife. I love this story, we're going to keep an eye on this one for you. I will anyway, Santa Fe, New Mexico. Former employees of whole food markets have sued the natural food supermarket operator, saying it didn't take proper acts to prevent a male customer from parading through a Santa Fe store wearing white c-through, biking shorts with no underwear. Closing arguments in the case where he held yesterday, but we're still I'm still awaiting. I got my eye on it. For the final resolution. Maria Bautista and said other plaintiffs are suing out in New Mexico's Human Rights Act, saying the store fostered an environment of discrimination in sexual harassment that caused the emotional distress that are seeking an unspecified amount of damages. Oh, brother. They also claim the store ignored the complaints about a middle-aged man in the C-Tube body hugging shorts and fired one of them in retaliation for a complaint. Like I said, you go girls. They claim the man was not a squirted out of the store, even though employees asked managers to whack. The incident took place at the Santa Fe store about four years ago. Oh, so they must have got a good attorney, I guess. Oh, that's what that's all about. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WQA and hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Just tell me what's the club box? So, Pa? What the hell is that? It's the like the article's over the Mary couple. Oh, sounds like some bubble mice you'd have made. Okay, that's what I thought. It's like a trial. It's the article's over the Mary couple. Okay, thanks. Good y'all to. Give your attention. To the point of thank you. Okay, there's one of our Jewel. I mean, Jewish listeners. Howard Stern 107, hype overrated. Joe Stonecrab 101. Well, what a battle between those two. George W. those coming up from the rear 78. Rush Limbaugh 44, he's right on his ass. South Beach 43, Walmart 41, the Outback 38, come on. Have you ever had that walk about soup? Yes, I have. It's great. And the blooming onion. I could think of bathed it. What's not to like with that? I don't remember the stakes. Maybe they just don't like their meal. The only thing I've never had a good time with is to get the seat if you don't show up like really early. Well, at least it's not like adults. They don't have cheese on the seat. That's probably why adults were not a business. I just love saying that. I liked adults a lot. Dults was good. You ever go to adults? Yes, I have. In the past when they were open, when they were in business back in the day, Kendall. But everything was like covered with cheese. Which unfortunately for me, I like cheese, which is very bad for you. It gives your oil clogs your eyes. It's not good. But I used to joke about the fact that even the seats used to have cheese on them. And of course now I would put some of these buttons and make that sound. But we can't do that no more. We can't cut the cheese. How do you like that? Oh, God. Whoever heard as such madness, you see, I don't want to start belly aching because I'll do whatever it hell they say. I want the money. You know. But I mean, I think that they've gone overboard. It's one thing to proceed with an abundance of caution. It's another thing to proceed with an abundance of paranoia and hysteria and psychosis. Insertity. Right. So the idea that fart noises are somehow offensive to the average person out there is so ludicrous based on any standards, even a five-year-old child if they heard that would laugh their ass off. Daddy, that's it's somehow going to be offensive. I mean, that's always the excuse. The children, the children like they want bits says. You know what I mean? Like we can mum. Yeah, well we know that. The children. Not as I guess he knows that his granddaughter cut these bits for our show. That's not how it's granddaughter. Who is that? That's a book of Brian's grandson. Oh, well, how do we know little boy little girl else on a single me? Sure. How does that person know that? I thought you told me yesterday that was a most grand daughter. We have one. We have one one. One drop from those grand daughter. And what did she say? No riders lose my pot. And... He is for the home of... Well, put those two together, okay? 21 till 2 at 560 WQAN. My, my, and local, we're sports video 560s. You a-m. Why do you breast, dear? Everyone loved William Hones bang up job on American Idol. And now, all of William Hones' greatest hits are on one. Amazing CD. It's on up on Hones. One, two, three, four. But maybe it's in home. It's not home because she will be so in the time of our show. Hey, huh? Yes, well, outcasted J.Lo. Everyone's hung up on Hones. J.Lo in the house. Don't be fooled by a rock that I got. I fear I still be a bum breath. He used to have a little. Now he has a lot of tone deaf fans who can't give him up on. hung up on Hones. You can fire me in a club. Barra for a bum. Mama, I got what you need. If you need a few of my hits worth a lot more than 50 cents. Order now, and you'll also get this free bonus CD. On American Idol loser, sings the American Idol winner. Oh, fairing, a ruff. Oh, what happened to him? He's been the fan dance. No longer need to be the fan tip. Goodbye. Oh, you win room. He's true. Winning him Hones hung up on Hones. Only available for the next 15 minutes of his fame. So don't delay. Calm now. 145 at 5.60 WCM got an email from Tom Jacob moment ago. Thanks for your help, Tommy. Yeah, his condom, which I read earlier, because it was on a website. So why not? And also he tells me that on page one tomorrow, there's going to be a story in a son, send all about the QAM deals now with our censorship. Okay, that's being imposed by the FCC and by the corporate lawyers in this and it'll be in a front page. Thanks Tommy, like I said, he said, Greg didn't return his call because he's not very jackass. I don't want to defend Greg because far away from me. He didn't Greg out of town this week. I do believe. Yeah, yeah. That's what I was told. So maybe that's the reason he didn't return your call of Tom. Probably ought to be talking to a month or clearance. Like I said, the mufflandsy. Because if you talk to clearance, all he can tell you about is sports. Sports and scores. To give us some ball scores, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line, Mad Dog come up with two, hopper from Vegas at 4 and then we got the Panthers at Atlanta. Big game against the trashers, 7 o'clock pre game game town 730, 2 night. WQM, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Did I hear you call the Mad Dog in sports and earlier? No, but he is. What does that mean? Maybe that's PR agent. RCAsis Sportsner. Yes. A good one. He's the best. WQM, hello. Yes, thanks. Speaking. Neil. Yes, sir. Call from Los Angeles. All right. I want to catch a couple questions. I haven't listened for a couple months. I remember you played a really great audio from the CBC about the presentation, the Althought family. Right. Is there any way to get a hold of that? I said in the archives on our website is it would still be on our church? I would assume. Yeah, you can go to thenaewodges.com and you obviously are if you're listening. And check the archives. I think it's on there. Fantastic. Everybody I talked to about that. There's tons of facts on there that so many people I speak with have no idea about that they've been asking if I could have. Well, they hear one here at the mainstream US news. That's for damn sure. I was not a takes too long ago attention span. It can't be that. Second question. What do you think is smallville season? I haven't watched one minute of it. What happened to you? You love that show. Yeah, I'm burned out. I was the same thing every single week. I mean, yeah, there was it. It just wasn't going anywhere. Just lost interest. Christian I condoms and prophylactic. Yeah, it's just the same kind of thing. Exactly. Same old show. I still got the size 13 so don't give up on it. Okay, pal. Alright, thank you. Have a great day. There's somebody who's got the hats for Tom Welling. No doubt he's asswelling about Tom Welling. I'll look and we say that anymore. Oh, I'm sorry. Like I said, he's f***ing for a time. Welling. 5 6 7 0 5 6 see the one thing about this campaign. It's like anything else. If I said he were impounded away on it every single day, we'd be off the air. We'd be out of business. Right. Because, you know, they get it's like anything else. The short attention span with the American public. They get whipped up into a friend. It's not like the old days man. Not like in the sixteenth and seventies. It just I don't think it's ever going to be the same again. I don't know what it takes. In fact, the letter the editor I sent to the Sun sent them by the way, Tom, never put it in there yet. Sun in last Saturday. Haven't seen it yet. And my question was, what does it take to light a fire out of the American public? How many rights do you have to take away? How much censorship do you have to impose? How much how many threats do you have to make before the public finally said? And then every time you see these polls, well, it's bullshit, care in about 50 50 based on what? Anybody with less propaganda going for him would be impeached already. But instead of that, we've got, well, I know he's doing a good job against terrorism. And there he was with the flight jacket on with the troops, you know. Oh my goodness. I mean, it's just, it's a scary is what it is. Howard Sturm's pulling away from Joe Stone crabs in the limo. Which of these people places or businesses do you think is the most overrated, strictly hype, mostly hype, Howard's got 110. Remember him used to be on the urine soft Florida? Who? Joe Stone crab on 04, George W is moving up fast. The W mic just got 86 South Beach 48, Rush 46, he had to make a stop at Wilma's house. Walmart 42, the Outback 38, Disney 31, Larry King's got 31. Uh-huh. Ricky Tickie Sanchez, 27, 10 at Hollywood 26. Curris Hilton, that's skanking nasty bitch 25. The Rascal lost 24 and everybody. Jimmy Buffett 19. I wasn't going to give anything other 20. Jimmy Buffett 19. I can't stand Jimmy Buffett. Oh, how can you say that? He's what South Florida's all about. Yeah. That's a big part of the problem. That's why I'm not there. WQM, hello. I don't need it, you know. WQM, hello. You like on the open? Speaking. You know, uh, human E.R. cars of the, um, DD Curtains. Oh, the one? The DD Curtains, oh, we're not. We're not. We're not. We're not. How's that work? I don't know. Eventually. A lot of collection for your pal. What's it got? How's it got? A lot of time behind that B.D. Curtain. He didn't sort it all enough to be watching that for me. He sounded great. No, not. I'm telling you, you think I'm joking if you, if you click on it, be to Curtain. And then there's the additional thing you have to click to verify that you're over the age of 65. And John Ashcroft's eyes and that picture they're moving. They're following you. They're watching your Air Meat movement. Even including, well, say I can't play that sound effect anymore. There you can't hear. Even including that movement. Hi. And local. This is Sports Radio 5. It's a new A.M. Yes. That's your new day. I'm sure you're. Back in the day when someone done a strong. We didn't take their cry. In Pearl Harbor, they're when the japs drop their bombs. We bomb them back. And now the Saudis, they hit us hard. And on our hearts are little flags waiting. As Batsawney, who loved and retired, points of bombers. And the stars are all way. And the other barriers to be in Americans, where they follow those like cheese. The United States of arrogance. And by Bush and his family, we they got this country. And the late boys, the darkest days, and I history. I don't want to be a tax-american. In the goddamn USA. What's a few thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the mess. If you want that as you lead to drive, you're going to need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us too, believe. And anyone who says that, obviously, and afford to lead. And I'm embarrassed to be in America, where we take three hours of eclipse. We've a flagged one hand with our hand in the sand. And lightly follow the powers that we have a set of f*** up watching steak for you. Who's on a 65-inch screen? Scratch your balls and pie and everything's okay. You can't even look at them, you ass. OK. No, let's mar her. Yeah? It's a 150-several we got the sports nerds you managed coming along. You know what's that guy trying to stir up the pot trying to stir it a whole song. You're not going to drive a wedge between me and old mad dog. You have to do that. I'm going to tell him everything he knows about taking the wine to the bank. He'll tell you that. Anyway, I never got a ride on this leacimary story. Now they kind of like soft pedal this and soft soap. The mainstream media over the last couple of days. But the inquire, which doesn't soft soap or soft pedal. They occasionally drop the soap. But this article says Lisa Marie confesses about Jacko a whole bunch of stuff here. OK. And let me just read a little bit. I got a little time. Lisa Marie step on Col. Revere and Rich Stanley believe she's sitting on blockbuster information about Michael. Merlin Stanley a Baptist minister who shared pulpits with Billy Graham claims that Lisa Marie found explicit video tapes belonging to Michael while she was married. In January, an idea he told the inquire that he had a dramatic meeting with Lisa Marie set up by her desperately concerned mother for sila who hated her daughter's marriage to Michael. Michael Michael motorcycle. During the hearing, a searing 10-hour session. Or rather, yeah. The Reverend Stanley asked Lisa Marie if she believed the monostation charges leveled by a youngster against Michael in 1993. Reverend Stanley told the inquire, she said, I didn't until I went to Michael's bedroom in the closet I found videos and magazines that convinced me that the story is true. Oh my God. Although Lisa Marie never specifically described the content of the tapes to Reverend Stanley, the preacher believes, Lisa Marie saw was obviously pornographic material. Oh my God. And in a shocking disclosure, Reverend Stanley added she looked me in the eye and asked me point blank if I thought that pedophiles could be cured. Well, she might have just been asking me, you know, just for informational purposes. Right. The preacher who was Elvis's stepbrother says he invited you to get out of the relationship as fast as you possibly can. Our leader, release Marie filed for divorce. Our fans' fears shall be put through the grueling experience of testifying about all she knows ever since her australian interview, her official website has been a buzz with fans' comments. D.A. SNEN is going to be calling you very soon. She cannot refuse, wrote one fan adding, she brought this on herself, another one observed, she opened a can of worms, and now she's going to have to deal with a backlash. See again, I could use one of them, sounds there but, can do it. The backlash? One worried admirer hopes Lisa Marie's comments don't land her in the hot seat, but all signs point to it. She's going to have a hot seat. That comes what they're saying now and that's bad. Anyway, we got, let's see, how it's turned 113 most overrated, mostly high. Joe Stone, Crab's 108, George W95, South Beach, Fiti, W47, Walmart, 43 and outback 38. I don't know how much of what anybody says. I like the outback. Me too. In fact, maybe I'll see you out back a little bit later on. Maybe we'll all have a big meeting out back and find out what the hell is going on. Bye bye! Hey, I don't miss a pickle.