With them lit and old Livy ramy can you see it?ältige's gather something Fourbie哦, with bass ball kept and a silk Emmy Oh when it's so earthy it's all sobery gold Given that her Brittany rang down Now I can't think of no one who could make me meaner than that little old lady from I'll leave you, call that she stole, she's a real one, she's a teller of how and they'll be full of art She's a little old lady from I'll leave you, oh my child She's a little old lady from I'll leave you, oh my child I can't believe what you cut your open act, like they never seen y'all And you throw many silver snow, don't try and blow your own new magic, jaded Cause she'll only keep sucking all of its pereder Now I can't think of no one who would make me meaner than that little old lady from I'll leave you, call that she stole, she's a real old bar Iσι keas drug talent delbies full of honor She's a little old lady from lui Brrr Leave all lady from high alleocation So her is a strange lover It's the little little lady. By the high alleocation Well lady, by the high alg вам I probably wonder what the level of playing at the day I am too. The atmosphere is up to really blows. That was jammerica, wait. From the FPL. The bits we allowed to play anymore. Oh that's right, we actually still play that one. That's right. We're gonna owe jammerica from the light bulb from FPL. Boy those were the bad bad days, but nevertheless. So the first celebrity death of the day, yes, there are two for Junior. Jan and Dean Singers, Jan Burry, dies at 62. Boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. I thought I wanted to hear. I know that's why I played that one. Oh. Boy. Slow down little Jan. Come on. That's a beautiful bet. And he's grabbing like a lunatic. He's not gonna be sitting there in one. You're right. He's been. Anyway, Jan Burry, remember the duo Jan and Dean who couldn't sing a lick. They had the 60 surf music. He had dead man's girl, which he just heard more than enough of right there and little old lady from high up from pass it. He knew. Daddy was 62. Burry had a seizure stop breathing in his home Friday. He was pronounced vague that evening in a hospital. Said his wife, Grady Burry. And that acute name, Grady Burry. He had been in poor health recently from the lingering effects of brain damage from that 66 car crash in his core vet. In his stingray. Jan and Dean had a string of hits and 10 gold records in the 60s with their tails of Southern California. Among them were 1964's little lady from high late from pass it. About a hot race in Grandma and surf city with its lines about taking the station wagon to a place where their two girls very boy. With Brian Wilson the Beach Boys, William Jan, very co-wrote the lyrics for a surf city and dead man's curve, which featured the driving guitar licks and falsetto crony of the wildly popular surf music. Burry is hit making career with high school friend Dean Torrance with cut short in 1966 when Burry's speeding Corvette hit a park truck. And he suffered severe brain damage. He looked and partially paralyzed unable to talk, but his recovery was slow. Eventually he was able to resume singing and writing songs. In fact, probably singing and no worse than he was before the brain damage. He ended up too well. And additional his wifey survived by his parents three brothers and etc. So Jan, very, I can't keep them straight. I'm not sure which one is which. No, whatever. Well, one of them was the blonde kid and looked too bad. The other one was kind of like a bizarre look. But anyway, I want him to get very very 62. Rest in pieces. Now a little bit more cerebral, I guess. Oscar winner, Sir Peter, used to not die as an 82. You die? Absolutely. Sir Peter used to not have a brilliant, witten mimic who won two Oscars for acting career that ranged from the evil hero in co-vottis, to the quirky Agatha Christie detective Hercules Paro has died. He was 82. Used enough for when a son's man whose talent's included writing plays movies and novels as well as directing operas, also devoted himself to the world's children for more than 30 years. Not third man? As the goodwill ambassador for UNICEF. He died of heart failure Sunday night and a, in order clinic near his home at Bursans and Swiss vineyards overlooking Lake Geneva. He was a great man. Closed friend Leon Devago told the AP. He was a human being. He was a unique person. Someone you could really count on. Yaddi Yaddi Yaddi. I remember him best from co-vottis. I mean, he was on TV a lot too, right? On interviews. Very cerebral guy. Very well spoken. Very aburient guy now. He's dead. His first attempt to acting were in the disguise of a pig and dramatized nurse. Rebime is fired, tuck a Robin Hood fame and is one of three nymphs tempting Ulysses from an igian beach, a g and beach. An on a coast. So Jan Barry and Peter Houston. Oh, he died. Tied this weekend. Kind of a touch of all the bases there. I guess, you know, record, you know what I mean? Little something for everybody. We got something for you behind the beat of curtain on the arrages.com today. Stacy Dash. Who? Yeah, dashed right over and see her. Stacy, well, if you're over the age of 45 and if Jan asked, I'll give you personal four permissions. Folks, and if Condolize, I'll also call your home and say, Take a look at it real fast, but not too long. Then you might be able to take a peek. Speaking of Condolize, I'm going to tell you right now. That bitch. She isn't qualified to wash the bathrooms at the White House. I'm telling you right now. You know, those wire, not wire, but those brushes they had to clean out turrets. That toilet brushes. She is not qualified to clean out the turrets in the White House. She is the most pathetic, nasty, mean, spirited, lying sack of crap that ever came down to pipe. Why got all those out? Not one of them did we have to doubt this. I couldn't. Well, there you go. I'm trying to think of some adjectives I could use for there. When you still say on the ear like, oh, yeah. She's a bad person. She is a evil evil door. Make no mistake about it. Talk about a sellout. Anyway, stay safe. Let's get back to good stuff and forget for the moment about Condolize. Although I think we will play the original one about 20 times today. Till they shut the station down. State just calm down, Duff. Okay. He gets so damn nervous in there. So gosh, dang nervous. We're not playing no Conno. Although I think what would be cute today just to keep him on his toes is. Is there any doubt that when he least expects a little, a little fewer, I think a few piano keys there. Stacey Dash was born in the Bronx in January, 20, 1966 that makes her 38. Well preserved. Stacey knew she wanted that from an early age. Had an early age, you began to act professionally. But this is the worst biography ever saw my life. Regular appearing on the Cosby Show in 84. The Fresh Prince of Bel Air, 1990 and St. Elseward, 82. At 22 she made her feature film debut in moving. Playing Richard Priors, unwilling teenage daughter. Four years later she was in Mo Money, 1992 with Damon Williams. Mo Money. Absolutely. In 94 she started with Mark Wahlberg and Renaissance man. In 95 she did the provocative erotic thriller illegal in blue and won the role of Dion the classic comedy Coolis. Playing Dion brought the actress fame, she went on the star on the UP and sitcom Coolis and all of the series didn't do to well-lasted two years. During that time she completed Oliver Stone's cold around the heart and also the independent film Personals. After leaving Coolis in 99, Stacey seems to be moving along for an hour. So recently appeared in painting and paper soldiers says this IMDB very marginal biography. So there she is behind the beat of Curtain Today. Speaking of movies. Channel server last night. I'm surprised that you knew who this guy was. His name was a lot. What is it? The guy in that purple moon. Alain Delan. Delan. How did you know who that was? One of those things. I told you it was in a lot of movies that I saw. Well, any of my channels surfing and he sure is how looked awfully awfully good and I saw a stop right there on screen TV. And the name of the movie was Purple Moon. I think it was also called. What was it? Pine Sole. That's the French Pine Sole. I think he was in a movie with Charles Corson. And anyway, so much of this. I've seen this. Not a lot of a sudden they've talked about Tom Ripley and about this one. And Dickie Greenleaf. And I thought to myself, this is the original. I'll tell that Mr Ripley all over again and turn off her was. Alain Delan. You know, now he's 68 years old. If he's still alive. Which I think he is. Yeah. He's used to look pretty good. I hit a whole bunch of wives. At any rate. Well, listen. Nothing lasts forever, man. Jan Barry's dead. 62 years old. Mm-hmm. But what a shame. I'm not really sure why. But what a shame. You're just supposed to say that, right? Yes. You have to. Right. Anyway, this was our pull from Friday with all the censorship going on with all this crap that's coming down these days. Which of Neil's comedy bits or songs or sounds? All of these things, what you miss. All of these things. Most. Sofa King was the hands down winner. It led from the get-go. Is they saying? I don't know why they say that because it really pisses me off. It led right from the beginning. 360. votes for the old sofa. King. Conterliza. Speak of the devil. Which I don't think we even had that honor to begin. Had 273 of Race Drong's second. Speaking of her, Eric wants to know if you've seen the happy Congoliza picture that he put on the front page. Yes, I did. The nice work there, Eric. Excellent job. I just leave you alone. Fartsounds. 214. Well, no, she always looks angry. She's always got that scowl on her push. And she's always got the, the big get-teeth. They're like, oh, I fang's. Pink or crap. I'm sorry. I don't think they would allow her to clean out the turlets. I would not have cleaned the turlets in my place. I'll tell you that. I wouldn't let her in. Fartsounds. 214. Right on Condoliza's ass. The I-95. Cool song. 189. Present. 360. Well, here that no, mole. All that said. Playing bagpipes. What if everybody's favorites? 150. Well, here that no, mole. Bill cigars. 123. One of my all-time personal. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. 189. 06. The F-word. 104. Headshan Pust 64.iumvuck feels good. 62. Bull's on parade. 49. Just on older. 38. The old trouser. 32. My penis. 31. Party takes a dump. 31. Gay squared. 31. That was a popular number. 28 did we put a big black guy name bet on here we didn't put that on here. I thought we did. Oh, that was a bad move there Do over by Josh. We better do the whole thing over again And quarter 28 case vacation cursing 27 cowboy X ice cream 24 oh In the well kitty in the well 23 and's rancid 22 Fox news Heather 21. I want to book a brighter redo that Fox news Heather and we we'd like to Brian you here. I'm saying with like long In fact, what I would like him to put in there those like drum beats the the goose steps That he's got a meather bit and we got him Oh, let's see Fox news. I had a 21 Between her thighs 19 little bit he did he Bobby Brown each had 14 the abortion shuffle 13 what is Memphis 9 no more what is it? 16 eight sergeant Dildo six don't forget the cheese please five but feeds had five and only one for yellow light Well, he can redo yellow light easily Come on. Let's do some redo is Brian. Okay. Start earning you keep you bald a geek Like to open up that meal this we can see a disc with about 400 remakes on her so we actually have can play something 10 13 at 5 60 W Q M if you're still fat as a cow If you're frustrated because you tried everyone the big name diets and you're still just gigantic and maybe getting bigger by the day It's not too late to try they premiere meal delivery service balance for life It's all based in Dr. Barry Sears zone diet and believe me They do a stupidest job in figuring out exactly the portions and a whole deal and they give you fresh delicious food to nothing Frozen no additives no chemical feast Everything is the best ingredients that money can buy they bring your little black sack right your dough By six o'clock every morning three fantastic meals two snacks are right in that sack So there's plenty of food to keep you happy and satisfied all day long and with all that food How could you really say you're on a diet? So try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet don't settle Permitations imagine there's no shopping no cooking no cleaning no calorie counting Not even in a carbohydrate counting and people are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life The zone diets can prove it to lawyer blood sugar high cholesterol and high blood pressure too And if you ever wanted to try the South Beach die, which is a embarrassing rip off of Atkins Here's your chance balance for life is the closest thing to number five because balance for life is the only meal delivery company Let's you have menu choices that allow you to go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach diet So feel the difference see the results call toll free here's their new number one eight six two two five 4543 that's one eight six six two two five 4543 or check them on the web at balance for life.com And then Mike well, hello This week on NBC I am I who never before seen episodes of friends including Sotamines season four I play out for channels Lastly have a very sweet move I like big but I did it Come and fish eat correct my book. I've never done that with you before oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god You're a painted my ass friends. Sotamines season four. Well now Does anybody have a problem with that? Okay, I don't want you know not in North by NBC the concept friends is a pink order Great to know Why do you want to just head about error America debuting this Wednesday? No, I was flipping Oh, and they had the show rush on there my god You talk about a big bag of crap man with his cheeks like all puffed up That's probably before it lost the weight because it was doing all of them. Oh, she's wow talk about a bag of gas Unbelievable just pontificating what the director of the talking crap Man, he just makes me sick. I'm not sure that that's a good pull to take would maybe do that tomorrow Who makes you the sickest? Kind of Lisa or Rush and of course then they want to put bush on there, you know So I think it's a good idea always to start a pull by saying aside from George W. Who makes you the most nauseous right? You can't compete with him. He's an league of his own man when it comes to the blue stupidity Jews all over his face so America debuts on Wednesdays it on and so Florida But the goddess will still be on I know whatever that station is she's on in Palm Beach Yeah, I can't keep track since clear channel turned the radio dial into a total abortion and they own about 8,000 stations If look there she is again with that same look on her face. Oh, man Angry condolences. She's storming down the hall there and she's on her way to really let him have what for Ed Bradley to make this isn't job it just ripping her an anson 60 minutes last night Oh, it was good. He done a nice job Ed. You go girl. Oh boy. It was good So anyway, our America starts Wednesday and it'll be on in New York and LA and I don't know Chicago someplace else And the goddess Randy Rhodes will be doing the afternoon's Al Franken mid days now those people who listen to most and also listen to Randy Once she goes national on Wednesday, she could help us out and in fact with her help just in those markets He's gonna be on if she wants to promote Stop FCC com which I'm sure she would Right Based on she's got to be against censorship right and she's been able to be a potty mouth of times yourself Then she ought to be plugging that like crazy. She ought to be right since she channeled us an owner that network. There's one So I think that you ought to get to or somehow you Randy Rhodes. Oh, she hates me I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about her listeners. Why did she hate you? You know you remember that Tampa thing Oh, the thing where she went to the The strip bar the strip club that was a part of it Well, was the rest of it on work on word and upward Come on refresh our memory and query minds of all the know She will eat people thought that there was gonna be all kinds of shenanigans going on with all kinds of people and I was one of those people and it just didn't happen And there a lot of bitterness after that Oh, yeah, that well anyway, like I said, don't want to talk about that well she had some She's had her moments, you know have it we all you know But I still love it enough of that we can still play that one. I think anyway. Yeah, yes. I don't know any more Anyway, here's a letter to the editor in the some central from my yesterday David W. Cake in Pemberg Pines writes trash talking I'm still sore from reading this Turns out there's life after Howard Stern his rude daily radio show was entertaining for me as a twice a week morning driver listener But I don't miss him at all says David all of these so-called icons are forgotten as soon as they're gone for a short period I didn't miss hit manga rush when he was out of commission either when it comes down to what these people are just salesmen Redundly selling their fans whatever will keep them listening our local genius neo Rogers when I listened to often Would be the first one to acknowledge that there'll be no legacy left behind To his credit the old hidden changes act becoming more rude and hateful to appeal to listeners as Howard and rushed it I have no idea what that last part means, but thanks for the lick job, but David that was very nice Our local genius Yeah, these are genius Is that incredible or what they actually printed that they didn't print my letter from a two weeks ago, but they print this letter from David W cake Amazing I mean that part is so stupid alone. I mean diabetic. I keep thinking about that He's not he's not just a diabetic, but he's like I think they call it a brittle diabetic I don't know I mean he's always going to these diabetic comas. I'm talking about Michael Crolley only and got father three And that scene in the kitchen where he has the cake on the places to pay take And she's like this as she at the point I say take your cake and shove it is what she would like to say Anyway, more this stuff now don't forget we were closing in on Texas on the petition drive stuff FCC.com This is the week we'll put all the pieces together because Eric got in touch with Scott and they had a good confabulation By the way Scott, I apologize if Eric had a little bit too a pushy Because Eric tends to be whoa a little over the those scotch just relax And anyway, we'll get that together and let people know how they can contribute and we get that ad taken out and in between that And maybe Randy you'll help us out maybe some of the broadcasts with some balls because Randy's got a big pair. I'll tell you that And we'll get those million signatures then we'll give it our best shot that's all you can do because it just doesn't stop Radio and record says today the New York Post reports the WXR K New York base indicated morning host Howard Stern is about to be slapped with yet another FCC fine The newspaper cited an FCC insider is saying a second notice of a parent liability regarding a broadcast of certain show is in the pipeline I wonder if that's the bonsai pipeline. Remember that? I do the post was unable to learn the nature of the rumored new fine FCC representatives are unavailable for comment to our in our press time Then music biz network.com has this really convoluted story which definitely just having an arrest breakdown about it She was gonna like pass out on the floor. She was so whipped up into a print. Oh gee, well, what about you know Just relax stuff. Okay. They can't do that. He's wondering if they're gonna make the Wait to announce certain fines until after they jack up to find rate They can't do that. It's not the way that totally illegal It would be like if you had a speeding ticket a year ago and it hasn't gone to court yet It just just for argument say and then all of a sudden they raised the the fine to like 50 thousand dollars And then when you go to court well we're gonna charge a 50 thousand because the largest change that's not the way Worked anyway. This one says the FCC has another Howard Stern in decency fine in the pipeline One that could be announced in April and of course April starts on Thursday right no foolin And also the trend comes out on Thursday no foolin Of course it says the radio world is still eagerly awaiting the much reported fines against w eb and Cincinnati and krx q sacramedo The only question is whether the fines will be Tagulated under the current maximum whether the FCC will withhold an ounce and then till the indies and see 10 fold agrees Bill comes law It's whoever wrote this isn't idiot A clear channel spokesperson claimed that Stern is actually suspended from its stations and not fired Stern asserted on air that he received a letter informing and the clear channel stop paying for a show a clear channel Denize the charge and says it's continued to cut text for a show. Maybe they got lost in the mail But sometimes those easily text to you know how that goes and If this isn't enough shocking radio news wait till you're this right Although it's really interesting because it's in the New York post This is funny it's in today's post and there's has nothing to do with Howard But it's well, it just dimensions something in the last part. It's about opian Anthony. Maybe they don't have their pictures Or maybe they're even uglier than Howard if that's possible I'm saying a one thing how it's uglier than I am which I never thought that was humanly possible But he makes me look lovely even just to hear even my hair is better than his I don't have any Even as members of the FCC in Congress can spare to keep programming they find this a few but off the airways radio bad boys Opian Anthony are playing a triumphant return More to come up after the break we gotta do the break because I don't want to short change you audience on opian Anthony Okay, well, and of course keep in mind who they used to work with I'm gonna kick his ass and then I'll steal this to play right right He's still on the air. I guess Ned Landa which to me I'm just you could knock me over the featherbuster here in that how is he possibly that chance staying on here Especially a chase a station owned by keep channel 26 after 10 at 560 WQM have been telling you for years when your mattress grabs out it's time to get new one Make one easy call do the smurfing like I've been doing for a long time call dial rappers 1 800 Manchus dial a mattress backs up everything they send their advertising 100% but their competitors still Lie like crazy like red read when you see a mattress at making outrageous frames read the fine print lots of lies waiting for in the weeds Here's an example the add screens with a big headline half off But then you find out only applies to a limited selection of items you never choose anyway everything else full price and They probably double the regular price first and you're probably never be able to make a first change if you don't like the goods At dial a mattress the rides have no tiny print notice flammers when you call 1 800 mattress You'll see their prices are so low The other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete to be even close dial a mattress offers you a no risk 30 day company exchange policy All beds including the one you buy don't forget when you call dial a mattress at 1 800 You're getting your company ranked numeral Uno and overall customer satisfaction in the universe from candle to steward Palm Beach to four buyers and dial a mattress reminds you to read the fine print because they want you know What you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them So what you'd be waiting for if your mattress is coming your back do the smart thing right now Just pick up the instruments sit there wait there and no time at all not gonna on your door call toll free 1 800 mattress or log under their website mattress dot com dial a mattress at 1 800 MATTR ES the honest the smart way to get you a great new bed George boys You You go hell and you can't fucking normally W.O.L.O. What a funny thing The military can't find Where you were in the morning You're tired You're party then you went A.W.O.L. You're daddy of the two ways W.O.L.L. If you don't become mean With a story that's real You might turn back older Of you So let me ask you who's gonna bring the hollow bottle Prison when Ariel's your own gets in Maybe Martha Stewart can know a couple of their own Who's sorry? Or maybe Connie can make them some can only Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh Is someone? The sum will bring it to him From the Selmaids door Oh good Excellent Bad news before we get back to whatever I was doing What was I doing? All about the open Anthony and the other I also want to comment on it later The editor I wrote because I just let it pass I'm not gonna do that because I don't like having Other people in TURPERS for me what my take would be I'll give you my take momentarily But anyway Two homicide bombings attacks on police and an Explosionate and lead terrorist bomb making Factory and use Bechastain Kill 19 people in your 26 Prosecutor General Rashid Keterov said the events began Sunday night With an explosion at Kill 10 people At the house being used by an extremist in the central province of Vukhara last night There were also two attacks on police last night Early today killing people in St. And two homicide bombings near the TURSU BORPBASAR In the old city which killed three policemen in young child And they just crazy people keep killing each other Kill each other Kill each other Because they just do you know They don't like each other Basically they throw balls down to You got the wrong religion you got the wrong color on your skin You got the wrong look on your pussy that you know That nasty evil look like kind of Lisa Oh, I'm serious she has really proven to be on a shadow about that So I was always right about her I don't know anybody in America would like her watch their turlets anyway So anyway this letter by David cake in Pembroke Pines See he says our local genius would be the first one to acknowledge there'll be no legacy left behind That's crap That's velony just because you suck at kissing my ass See I can't see that kissing my ass It doesn't mean I'm going to agree with you know I appreciate the nice whatever you said about me But that's not what I would say What we've got to say in the opposite This sounds like what Moe was saying a couple weeks ago That's a good Howard thing though Howard's during got the act of a clear channel in Miami Oh, it's you know these people are heard today going tomorrow Nobody in a few days it'll be all over course not That's not true at all Because radio is like part of people's lives Now not as much as it used to be back in the days of real personality radio You had Carl the Suze was doing mornings at WBC in Boston And JPM McCarthy in Detroit and her boss, Rannison in New York And to be honest with you, I mean JPM McCarthy had a great voice But he was about as exciting as spilled milk on your lap I mean it was just you know There were there forever People got up in the morning They listened to those people They were driving a work they listened to whoever they listened to it becomes a part of your life Moe and of course you don't understand nothing about radio So what you know just bug off Stick to sports with you and clearance So the idea that and of course obviously this guy listened two mornings a week to Stern And didn't miss hate manga rush So the fact that he calls him a hate manga Why would he miss him right now? What if he did a little head So thanks for the letter David and your efforts are my behalf But you are absolutely incorrect sir In terms of what I would say Even even our local genius would say no I would not I just why do people do that just to suck around? Yes I see Anyway getting back to Oprah and Anthony Greg Ope Hughes and Anthony Kumi as Raji syndicated after the show Was pulled off the air by infinity broadcasting after they carried the sounds of a couple Simulating section same backwards cathedral in 2002 Which quite frankly I don't see anything wrong with simulating the sounds of a couple Simulating section same pancreas cathedral at any time If it pisses off the purpose good enough for me The pair haven't been on the air since big sense because infinity continued to pay off their lucrative contract But that contract expires in June and the shop jobs are ready to get back to work Although it's not clear what stations will pick them up Comedian Jim Norton who was regular on the show is confident of their comeback As either June 1 or October 1 depending on the no compete clause in the Europe without absolutely Big back he tells paid six of today's New York post They were never fired Not only did they get paid in full but they got a raise last June said Norton They're making more now being off the radio than they made the first two years combined on the air Which I say you go boys more power to them Norton a regular on comedy centils tough crowd with column Quinn says the DJs will come up Come on everywhere the country June 1 and hit New York October 1 The broadcast out of New York regardless of where they're on and they just won't play the New York to October The broadcast everywhere the country June 1 norm Well, it's it's it's I'm so embarrassing you know we're sitting on here in Miami I mean even people with no talent like Ed Till even David Gravy line everybody whoever ever sat near a microphone Not even behind it necessarily just near it is civic hidden the 80 million stations And here we are working for peanuts at least you are yeah open entities agent Robert Eatman says that's not necessarily the case I hope it is the case where hope let's go to happen But he says they don't have any firm station deals in place at the moment. I see So in other words, but by you know talk as cheap sure it's provocative odd timings The Senate is set to vote in the so called anti-absentity bill that civil liberty and see is patently unconstitutional And will survey severe blow to first amendment rights The bill is already passed the house and Howard Stern is vowed to stop broadcasting if it becomes law Stern has spent the last few weeks railing against the bill and says this show has been targeted for termination by certain members of Congress and the FCC for coming out against bush last month Many political experts say that the targeting of Stern and recent obscenity history could cost bush white male voters across several key aid demographics to which we say Yeah, good If that's what it takes to get rid of the bush monster, then you know, because Howard's he's not going to miss any meals No, wait till you're this story before you get in today's pool. We're getting a little bit behind, but that's okay Because it's Monday and it really was like a holiday weekend even though it wasn't you know what I mean? No, what do you mean? Friday the kids were off from school. Yeah, yeah See don't you understand when the kids are off from the school and it creates like the effect of a three day weekend for a lot of people? Yeah, but not us No, when I'm just saying for a lot of people they get their lot of their which is a very very wise move And indeed which I think says a lot about South Florida Any opportunity people get to pack up a little suitcase hop on a plane hop into car and get out of South Florida. Hey, what time do we leave you know? It's that kind of a deal Pretty sad After all these years till a seasonal horse and buggy town, but then he rate this story I think deserves a lot of attention This is from Ann andova a Brit newspaper. I'm not just making this up Top doctor backs picking your nose and eating it Yeah, picking your nose and eating it is one of the best ways to stay healthy according to a top Austrian doctor An unspoken based lung specialist professor Dr. Friedrich Businesser said people who picked their noses with their fingers were healthy Happy and probably better and two with their bodies He says society should have not the new approach to nose picking and courage tell her to take it up I didn't know you had to encourage him. Oh, you tell it Doctor Bistendier said when the finger you can get to place you this can't reach with a handkerchief keeping your nose far cleaner And eating the dry remains of what you pull out is a great way of strengthening the body's immune system Ah, medically it makes great sense It is perfectly natural thing to do in terms of the immune system and it is a filter in which a great deal of bacteria are collected When this mixture arrives in the intestines it works just like a medicine. Oh, wait a moment Modern medicine is constantly trying to do the same thing through far more complicated methods people who picked their noses and eat it get an actual boost in their immune system for free He said oh boy it for free now soft for millions are going to be pickin like crazy now they found out it's for free He pointed out that children happily picked their noses yet by the time they become adults They have stopped under pressure from a society that's bred into disgusting and anti social didn't stop me He said I would recommend a new approach where children are encouraged to pick their noses to complete natural response and a medically good idea as well He pointed out that if anyone was really worried about what their neighbor was thinking they could still enjoy picking their noses in private if they still want to get the benefits It did offer it. Boy this doctor's got maybe a little bit too much time on his hands That's what I remember I talked about that for years PIP insurance more than peace more than peace Because in your car you ought to be able to pick your nose and just you know, but but every time you're in your like stopped it a light and you're picking your nose Your fingers deep in there and see and all the somebody's looking at you. Oh, God. Oh, what a sloth that kind of thing That's me turning over seeing the person that's picking their nose because every time I see it really Oh, yeah, the ones are like digging for gold. Oh, they got the whole hand up there Hmm up to their whole be careful. Be careful. What you where you go with this thing it like I said be careful where you go with that arm 1042 at five 60 W Q A if your carpets look like maybe somebody has snatted all over them not too good Here's the answer for a comma good friends to dry concepts Nobody anywhere in the universe does the job that they do because did the only ones that's an exclusive pattern method who dry clean your carpets same ideas right in your clothing Leave them look and smell and feel just like brand new. They are vibrant and color soft of the touch they smell a mini fresh They'll dry in a couple of hours when they get done and look like somebody just laid brand new car. Can I say laid? Just put brand new carpety down on your flow and not only that, but they do a fantastic job of your area rocks of your drapery of your post-Reall of these things Call today and see how you can say 15% of the next carpet cleaning to when you ask them to put you understand by list at dry concepts And of course that's off there already reasonable price. They give you a guaranteed written price up front before they start the job So if that's time of the year maybe spring cleaning is the in order since it is spring officially now Why not call the experts at dry concepts they'll never let you down ever disappoint Call them toll free 1800 248 5071 and then you'll understand by venues in my home is over 20 years of the best 1 800 248 5071 or check them on a web at dryconcepts.com My local your sports video 566 you a 2 a I've heard everyone to complain to this station Last night you'd go the booker out from your old crusty nose You wrote it between your fingers and that's when things get broke And I recall a hardy flung it down home It bounced off of table and splattered on the wall Then you went through your nostrils and you found some things in there Like that fair play takes gloves and I bought you the way And it was so disgusting what went on from there And I got your sitting on just picking your nose Oh, I picking your nose I told you to lease the hundred times that's gross Where you just never listen girl you keep right on picking And I'll tell you once again could fit in your nose Couldn't play that no more okay because it's bad for America's health 1046 and 516 WQM I guess they haven't checked out Stacey Dash yet behind the beaten curtain Because generally when they do when they all hop on their right away Then you just can't get on our website for lover money So but it is after like a holiday weekend make believe kind of here's our poll question today Name a famous person who isn't all that great looking but you think is hot The Well here's here's three that came to mind to get it started Nick Leshade that was the one I put on there being the fact that I am because he's wow But his face his nose could stop a freight train easy Madonna Now nobody would say that she's really beautiful but a lot of people to other guys think she's hot And Christina Aguilara even even Minnie Mouse would take a laugh Take and look at that put him but a lot of guys think Christine the anchor's that's it away This is gonna go right not that difficult who's that online nine I wonder WQM hello Hi, I'm trying to find out where the song that Neil played about no one speaks English anymore Where does that come from Bob and Tom is that available on a disc or anything no Well wait and they'll actually probably is it's miss it is If you look up their website Bob and Tom, yeah I'm sure because that's where we got it from it's their latest CD Great that's a great song It is the pick I'm gonna play it. I'm so inspired Thanks Neil. Okay, I'm a great day pal. How do you like that? There's one and actually that's one that we can still play Oh man John John You look that mean so quishick the ring I can tell he wasn't a dog He's a movie energy so I acted out my pop charade with my arms the trees I made No bug speaks English and I'm all I went down to my yeah, I met which where the weather is nice and sunny I walked into a liquor store but the guy there talks real fun I asked him for a pint of fortune beaming just not the end of what does that mean? You're about to sing English I'm gonna more that corner delete Hell I think I've been packers dance kick English milley Are you gonna go back to the bar? I'm gonna go back to the bar I came here and you're the girl I'm gonna go learn my ABC I don't say much as grossy as I said pretty pretty So get yourself to a classroom quick you're in America now stop making me think You know better speaking English Come on I give you a few scarrows It's 11 before 11 at 5.60 WQ and Mad Dog at 2 the Humperate 4 from Shula State to it Miami Lakes the Hebrew Hammer panther preview at 7 is the wind down the you know just run out the string A carm on her canes at the panthers at the McRena 730 80K after the hockey game Now I'm looking at the stuff at CC.com before get back to the pool all these things Florida 13501 Texas which remember the beginning they were on top we had everybody else California's done that now And they should but they're 80 billion people they got in California And obviously somebody on the earth there's plugging it And we know who it isn't are you sure all positive But anyway Texas 138577056 behind Texas now we're not gonna do that today no no way No but by tomorrow to a clock we should be a passion Texas I think like your stand still And the total on stuff at CC.com just recently went over 120,000 120,000 214 but we need to get to I know I'm not gonna squeeze too much work because I think we got our whole audience probably There are on there by now Here's that pull again name a famous person. It was not all that great looking but you think is hot W to QA and hello Yes sir Good evening Good evening Good morning Did you happen to be a Dick Clark on McFresh No it did not Oh it was fabulous my friend He really took him not very difficult to take him to task but every time George did you check it out No sorry I was sleeping I'm calling him How about the bus don't you pick it up yet? Yes I'm reading it Yeah myself too start off pretty gangbusters with that evacuate the White House chapter Yeah it's great I'm driving in the car someone catches me picking it the wet one I'll flick it on the windshield if I can On their car Excellent choice Peace brother Back to you When it's out, flick it out Right out the window There you go No extra charge 5 6 7 0 5 6 9 Didn't watch him the talking head shows yesterday I knew he was gonna be on but I already saw him the previous week When he was on space the nation or whatever was he was on And we're 60 minutes The previous week Right And I'm reading this book so I don't know what he's gonna say and he's great And I think he's fantastic he ought to get the Nobel Peace Prize or something Some kind of an award But of course and you see the way they got all the attack to exactly Yesterday they had kind of leaves it was on there and rum fell was on And Roland colon was on I mean they're just filming it them off Because they're being out it didn't no question about it I mean to all these people have ulterior motives No, Paul O'Neill and the whole bunch of them They're disgruntled That must be it Yeah they just want a cellar book right And it's interesting because the people who are always complaining that somebody else wants to sell a book Or people who themselves like misfudge Trying to pet a pet a their own book So it's okay for them to pet a book but if somebody else wants to write a book Oh I think I just want to make a book off of this right Okay WQA and hello Hey Neil Yes sir Hey I want to get Kristen done for the fall today Kristen done Yeah About people a lot of people don't really like her Listen with these top 50s he's all Yeah Keep squeezing them out because I've been talking a lot of people and putting them on there too Please please do it man Yeah I'm doing it on the internet myself When it's out squeeze them out thanks a lot paly Exactly you got it See you Alright 11 votes on air Well we only got the three names on air Kristen done We got the Donna's got five Kristen Aglevers got five in Nicholas Shaz got one of course that was mine Well I mean spine because that's only for women or a phag so You know I'll tell you another one at the Sean Connery Do we want to put him on there? We can Because women think he's very sexy even though he's gross test Next you look at Oh, they also think he's handsome though So maybe it's not a good idea Well we'll see We'll see what they say Airfront Connery Oh yeah let's play that Oh That Ben Affleck thing Oh and if you thought that Gily was a bad movie From what I'm hearing from everybody in reading Now what's the name of this latest bomb that he just dropped Joe is a guy Joe is a guy It makes Gily look like gone with the wind That's how bad this one is Nice gone Ben Screamer WQA Not there WQM hello Hi Neil how are you doing? Pretty good I agree fully with your assessment of Connery The rights at the opening of your show She makes me nauseous Yes, but you know Ed Bradley I believe did give her a bit of a path on some of those things that he really should have nailed Around Yeah and that is when she was saying that it would be an exception for her to testify And she was claiming executive some type of executive privilege Well Ed Bradley should have instead of playing along with her And saying that it was an exceptional case Therefore she should make the exception He shouldn't have said that he should have had his facts ready And that is NSA director John Reekin And Bud McFarlin And Sandy Burger all have testified before the 90s Either the tower commission Well yeah, it looks she all are doing his nip picking in the fact that she's not even in private Testifying under oath means basically she can say whatever she wants Yes, I understand I would just point out that Ed Bradley is for the public I thought considering Yes, I agree I agree pretty good I agree with you, but keep in mind that CBS does own time and is chooser So that's the publisher Okay, great have a great day, ballet Did you know that President Lincoln thought the play was damn good at least at the halfway point Yeah, WQM hello Kelly Osborn I can't believe he's calling with the suggestion Why not Look don't start again We're not starting We in a hard ass, okay actually had something to contribute Yeah, I feel it goes to show you after all of these years and Finally something worthwhile Kelly Osborn Good choice for the poor There you go, we just never the less Why we just too much of a hard ass you know it wasn't time-aligning I was just shocked and dismay WQM hello Yeah, I got two suggestions for the poll Yes sir Sean fan and Susan Thurandon Two very good ones I like that a lot All right, thanks, paley All right, no problem. Take care and you too Susan Thurandon And Sean Pan every time I hear her name for whatever reason I think of Seren Rapp I know it's silly Well, it's a silly thing How it sounds like Seren Rapp I mean you know she's been around a long time Susan Thurandon She's been around a block a few times She's all right She's no Tim Robbins, but she's okay 560, 56,000, 56,000 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line 18, look at that Nicholas J is only got one Christine Aguilar, she may have lost her way into this thing You know Oh, we got to see 560, I've got these other ones on there too And of course during the break, I'm sure that Josh is feverishly Picking away there and typing these in Can I say pecking away now? He's seriously doing it Hey, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need It's the only one mortgage from financial group The benefits are in Credible you pay zero closing costs Zero application fee zero credit bureau fee and even zero discounted points But she'll have those spots we have by every number they say zero You know that guy from the AT&T there was his zero No, what does he do that? Get yourself the new low interest rate It's just 1.25% If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only 3.34 a month If you have a 200 thousand dollar loan your pay just 660, 8 amount, the note for get Once you'll be fine answer get the new home mortgage from financial group You'll never ever pay those nasty grotesque pain the ass closing costs again So call today No obligation I'll explain the how this works call toll free 1 866395 land And get the low rate mortgage you deserve They moved you nice property with no for the cost of expense You pay zero underwriting fees zero dot fees zero closing cost Even like I said when you moved another property Get that new low rate financing we just 1.25% With the only one mortgage from financial group And never ever pay closing costs again Call today 1 866395 1 866395 L-E-N-V There were an equal housing lender restrictions apply rates something to change monthly 4.21 APR 9 10 666 866 866 866 Jim Carrey is back in a serious role in a movie that's seriously long Don't miss the eternal one time of the plotless movie My character has an operation that makes him forget a painful affair And if it works I'm having a done for get I ever made the majestic It's a film about erasing your memories But it's so slow you'll feel like you may race them entire night of your life King wins with co-stars in the eternal one time of the plotless movie Forget about his name real operation The real trick is if anyone can remember a single movie It made sense for a jannick It's the film that goes back at poignant times While making you go in and out of consciousness Listen to what audiences are saying about the eternal one time of the plotless movie This is what is the over what has it and the Oh man If you see only one movie this year That feels like it took all year to see it Go see the eternal one time of the plotless movie You don't even make audiences forget about the cool man It'll be wow It's 11.02.56. It's a 49 votes Christina Aguilar a 20. Kristen Dunst 13 Madonna 9, Nick Leshe for Susan Samadans got a pair Countdowns born one and ninety of Frishan Panashrong Cartoli now somebody says Natalie mains of the Dixie chicks Okay, okay, she's a cast of the runners I'm a your partner because she's a hero Listen, be sure to log out at wqm.com and make your bits for the first ever QAM online auction We've got many great sports items of production So log on register and start bidding at wqam.com The auction ends tomorrow 3 in a PM Clarence big me to put that on here I said ah why should we promote wqm.com What are you done for neorajers.com you smuck you little idiot And he said It doesn't look like that just like that as what he said It's just a little quizzling Sure anything for you Clarence as long as those chech sheep coming on time 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon line Name a famous person who isn't all that great looking but you think is hot Is our question today. WQM hello Hey buddy, I got one for the poll. Okay Helen Birkin. Ellen Birkin. Yeah Good work. Enjoy. George likes it. Thanks, pal. Have a great day. I thought it was gonna say Ellen Birkin. No. Well I mean I'm marking sure somebody thinks it's you. So what's that guy's name again from the movie? A plane uh so they I'm probably butchering the pronunciation But that's correct. Elaine Elaine not Elaine. He owns like a ladies name, he wouldn't know He all though he did say Elaine do long. He was a very pretty guy but then I was a pretty long time ago like 44 years ago And now he's pretty old WQM hello WQM hello Hey Neil. Got one. Okay. Some a hike. Some a hike. Yeah. Okay. That's it. Thank you so much. And have a great life. I have no life. 560 pound five 60 pound five 60. He will build a nice list on there and then we'll get to some of the important things Like saying goodbye by two o'clock. You know what I mean? Right. Just kind of see I'm a little bit off because I'm taking it react in now And remember last because I was reacting Right. To the dust no listen to me. The dust mites. When I'm reading the answer now in the US they call it zir attack here they call it Reactor. I don't know why and of course here it's over the counter. You don't have to have a prescription. Don't have to get raped by no doctor to take the reactant because I've been taking a Leguer from a long time and quite frankly I just wonder about those allergy things If you take something for a long time that eventually that's stopped working for you. Yeah. You think tolerance right? Right. I don't know. But Allegra ain't doing nothing for me. So I just tried reacting about some yesterday And seems to be helping a lot but my point being in the package insert It talks about the different like pollen and grass and all of these other Allergens dust mites Cause in allergic reaction Because the last two or three days man like the running nose and the stuff up nose and he just scratchy Throw and just don't want to go away no more Which I'm thinking here. It's probably the change of the season Maybe you don't think or you could be having a change of life No, seriously like like I think on Wednesday was 35 degrees for a high and then the next day next Dude is was 63 You don't think that that changes your system a little bit Mister course of good in addition Which being the shfuck that I am Now that spring is finally arrived you open up the windows. Well guess what it says on there to keep the windows closed Don't open the windows stupid because let's let's all a pollen and crap in Yeah, how they always say all on the spring comes open up the windows air out the house. Well guess what? Not if if have any allergies so I'm just putting the plug in for reacting Some a little bit to and it doesn't really make you drowsy like benadrill But like just a little bit off You're just a little bit off. You know I mean describe your buzz to it a little bit more no not a buzz believe me definitely not a buzz I know little incoherent WQM hello No I don't know Pretty good All right, how about Sandra Bullock I okay I'll put a runner all the way to know I think she's cute Yeah, well, but I mean look he doesn't think she's all that cute. I think she's she's hot. Okay, there are people who would tell you I see no look I don't know I don't know what put anybody they say on here like What's pretty spirit I don't know Listen, this is this is their thing okay all subjective okay? They got their thing And we got our thing and you got whatever even and that's it. Of course. Don't be talking about it no more no nothing Christine Aguilar is off to a good start 24 Kristen Dunst has got 18 and Madonna's got a dozen I would think Madonna would do although there are a lot of people who realize she's not hot. She's about as hot as the North Pole Grow test is the word you're looking for WQM hello Lisa Bonay, Lisa Bonay, all right Have a good day, Colleann and you too. Thank you so much Lisa Bonay. You got it there Josh We don't want to be going too fast for you. We don't want to load you up with more than 4,000 names or maybe 20 or 30,000 names on this pool I'm a chair. I'm a chair. I'm sure it delighted that Josh is capable of putting these on and adding a mile while Eric can have like several ballooning sandwiches I don't know anybody besides Eric up there in Orlando who eats ballooning and peanut butter sandwiches Even Elvis would be embarrassed WQM hello QM Ola Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm going to name for the pole go right ahead. Lay it on us. Oh, hi Neil. How you doing man? Good Mick Jagger Mick Jagger is a very good choice How does that all but ugly is sin Right Thank you so much. Thanks. Have a great day. Take care, man. Bye. Uh, yeah Mick Jagger was the definitive he's like the poster child for this pool Don't you think yep because he's been a sex idol for years and years for how many years now Even more than that but yeah his he's got more wrinkles on his post than oh man what a uh Cracky Cracky he makes uh anyway, who's on her speaking of craggy discipline in Washington D say drag them out of the closet again Vice president. Oh, he that was just an old clip. Okay. Look at that market is so wring again today It's another one of those con jobs. You know don't get sucked in by this phony market man Believe you me bad days are coming in fact Gasoline prices across the country climb another three cents in the past two weeks oh my god To a record high average of a buck 80 for gallon for all grades going to restudied release yesterday There is little chance of prices falling significantly in the near future because increased demand likely result from an improving economy but right Memorial Day travel and even the extra hour of Light from daylight savings time which is what next Saturday night Okay Isn't it the first weekend in April first the Saturday Sunday in April Saturday night Sunday morning Two o'clock Sunday morning. What do you mean okay like question Marwad you don't care you'll be on vacation anyway Right I'll be just be sleeping constantly Fridays average price surpassed the record of 177 said in the last survey connected March 12 When adjusted for inflation pump prices remain well below levels rates nearly 80s How long in the early 70s that thought that's when it was like really grotesque and Jimmy Carter was in there We had the Earl boil embargo and all these things whatever Five six seven let's look at a bright side like money pythons says WQAM hello Yes, have one three bull go ahead Renee Russo Renee Russo Yes, okay. Thanks a lot. Have a great day Renee Russo you got it We got it. I wonder she's can do a Bobby Russo Five six seven I had no idea who Bobby Russo is is he a hockey player or something that was you? I showed it I don't know just name it's in my mind WQAM hello But WQAM hello Yes, we are not the cop real Leonardo DiCaprio a very fine choice for her a and it yeah, I would agree with that. He's strange He looks like the spaceship just landed but a lot of people think he's pretty hot You know what I mean oh yeah You don't think so I don't think he's hot. I should have a lot of people who aren't gay, right Scorly girly think he's really hot and little little teenage girls think he's hot across the little teenage girl stuff that Just in thinkerbell was hot. I'm surprised nobody called that in yet Please don't cuz oh my god anybody who think that that's hot Bye bye Wow What is it? It's 12 an attack to 11 is what it is it 560 WQAM I'm so excited pun about promoting that QM website Are you still involved in that Josh you're still having to uh Yeah, come all over it. You're all over it. Yeah. Well, you know you got all those responses to it every day Probably takes at least one four five minutes your time at least minimum maximum trying to scrape them off of it. Yeah, it's tough How bad it is Hey listen if it's tough cooking up a storm all the time because you get all swatted up in a kitchen and it really just drains you by the time you eat to me Or wait to pass on let the folks at the airmeled coast take care of all the cooking for you and cook up a phenomenal feast Start out with six different fantastic suits dozens of second-of-one praise like New York. Is still I say succulent Like New York strip made the order and they're sizzling Asian grilled their new seafood say jok Oysters on the half shell a last-gins stone crab middle-like clams and jumbo Scampy every night if you still have room a sample their handcar primary of the new Thai specialties are also out of this world The emacos buffet features healthy living cooking all their fine cuisine with plus raw free rolls no MSG no cornstarch No crab their buffet features a full salad bar their brand new sushi bar and fresh See them cocktail too and if you have any room left after all of this all of these Then check out the dessert station featuring Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite top is that even They be having fresh fruit on their two airmeled coast relocation to Serbia They're in sunrise pineapple at a 44th street They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163 at North Miami Beach also with the intercession of flamingo and pepper grows in pepper pies Take the whole family or book in this business lesson right now and let our good friends Richard and the gang at the emacos to the cooking for you And Richard will take that two two-time without a way. We'll take it take out delivery. I was available to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two two a bed about all in all and roll as you won't see him no more decision The Emerald Coast is unbeatable the best Chinese buffet in the universe Your selfish Longest it off. This is incredible. I just saw story on mispudges website I mean you talk about checking your facts I listen to this okay. I'm listening to headlines says Taliban leader Omar wounded newest bombing raid DPA reports More oh, I'm more more more more more more the fugitive leader of the Taliban was wounded newest bombing rate earlier this month I killed four of his body guards Deutsche Press said setting a newspaper report in Pakistan Omar was injured in the legs and let's side of his body and won't be able to move for about two months DPA said Setting an interview in the urdu language daily newspaper reports said the raid placed took place in southern Afghanistan province of Zabul The newspaper which is no private contacts with the Taliban didn't say where or when interviewed took place You know it's just How's Katherine Harris doing by the way She's still alive. We don't know where she worked. We're sent the search party off for Katherine I think she's luncha would jump bush today's but I'm here. That's a room where I'm starting Let's see a whole bunch of suggestions for a poll which is good Angie Dickinson Says John and Columbia South Carolina He said this is an old one but when I was a kid everybody parents and said it or thought she was so hot She always looked like something road-hard and hung up wet Your views knew I think you're around that now he she always looked well worn. I think is what I would say Not being from South Carolina myself and nothing is colorful in my speech pattern is John well I say she always look well worn but Hi Especially when I'd seen in the camp in Dressed a kill yeah Anyway, let's see somebody want Jay wants an omni Christina reachy I don't know how many other people have a thing for her. I got a thing for there you go Christina reachy I got it right here not to be confused with Susan Luchi Kuchi Kuchi please add and cold herbal as somebody said Ralph I can't believe it you said she sucks but she's damn hot oh You think she's hot What is she way how many pounds is she way? 30 man god Now what what does this say from this most chronic of all facts is this isn't rich factor is it this book is okay, right? What what what does that mean? That's rich factor What what what does that mean? This book is okay, right then he says Sarah Jessica Parker she's making an all-our list lately on all the pools That must be a comment about is a success of facts. Yeah, I probably didn't send across oh and what does it say? I don't know probably through it away. Oh good Hey rich, what do you say rich? I have no life Not to be confused with fat rich and his comment is I have no life Genean Graffalo somebody says dp says genean Graffalo Okay, how low can you go? Graffalo not to be confused with jalo Only the ass has been changed five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 Christine Aguera 31 Kristen Duns 22 Some a high-ax 16 Madonna 15 Nicholas J. Six Susan Surandon six Sandra Bullock Scott five I don't know what tells uh I don't know I don't get it. Renee Russo three Sean Penn three Ellen Bar Allen's Barkins got three Sean Cottour is got three exactly three Lisa one a two Kelly Osborne two Christina reach he's got two out of 122 none yet for Leo de Caprio Angie Dickinson or the anxious obnoxious despicable and colder with her pristrami on rye WQA and hello Yes, sir I have a suggestion for future poll if you don't mind please I've been in this book called bush women okay and they're all the the attempts it it kind of attacking women as a voters group By the Bush administration that's why he puts Karen Hughes and kind of Lisa and Lisa oh god and Tattery Harris is written about the child later this a labor The labor secretary yeah Gail Lorden who's the E. K or director that's famous for liberal you know Hase allowing our fellow exploration in tribal lands and that's the large and all that right and you could You call the poll not the bush women but which is the most disgusting bush pig As the Australians would say Yeah, he think The most disgusting bush pig You Have you heard they especially Australians say about about disgusting when it's first peak? No, I never heard that well I've never been down under well something to think about Thanks a lot pal never been down under 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Well this scratchy truth is whole thing. I'm hoping that this reactant gets me out of this because it's just allergies and you think you have the cool how many times we talked about this That's just as we great It's to be a real pain in the ass WQA and hello I know yes, sir. I got two questions for you. Are you allowed to play taste like a penny? Oh yeah How can we think it that on the pool? I'm sorry That's what I'm gonna make you a fine as absence right and I would put on the list and don't laugh at me Mary's screech yet. Thank you. Okay. Let's come up before Remember nervous leesie asked I don't even remember what her real name was mirrors leesie asked Sir Lisa's Gonzalez Gonzalez see Yeah, there are a lot of people thought she was hot. Just like it sounds Josh. Yeah, no, you tell me a whole moment Yeah, yeah, I got you. I'm not a little bit There's recently now taste like a penny. I'll see how much of that could be play. Let's just give it a shot Yeah I think that might be it, but let's let's Okay, I think that's enough 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T Rectome and Verizon. You know it's a miracle. We can still say rectome. In fact month this morning I'd muck don't ask anymore the questions over there in Naples, okay? Don't ask don't make any suggestions don't ask any more questions because if you ask them anything Can we say hello? Good bye. How are you? Oh the answer is always know, you know During the perpetual CI see why A-Mode in the Naples cover their big fat ass Especially that joy WQAM hello And a different full yes, sir All right, the fight done away Fade down away. Oh, that's a good choice. I love it very good choice. Thanks man. See you feed down away Are they shouting in Atlanta I'll get back to you 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line see if people haven't seen the requisite movies To be a part of this program. They don't understand what they're talking about what you're like a lot of anyway WQAM hello Ain't Neil how you doing pretty good? I got a couple for the poll if you're gonna mention Jagger you've got to mention Steven Tyler Stevie Tyler is a fabulous choice Oh, he's a nice Uh-huh. Yeah, also an older one to that's just alone. It's a kick like freak out for this guy away Looks like a fog oh my god What do we have my material? Thanks, pal. He took a one Steven Tyler and sliced the loan Holy moly he is really I think he may not look at but he sure can't act There's a guy. Yeah, how about we take that poll tomorrow Who is the luckiest man on the face of the earth? all right See what I'm saying I got mine I mean sliced the loan. He'll be on my list to be near the top. I'm not I mean I'm a side from George W. Bush Well, we have to start most of the polls in fact even to even today a side from George W. Bush name a famous person who isn't all that great looking But you think is hard right right right aside from George W. Bush in a side from kind of Lisa Oh Seriously, I never liked to be for but after these last few days when we seen so much of her And she's been walking around with a real mean mean look on at nasty punum that she's got oh I'd rather be locked in a room with Dr. Judy Dean for five years than ever have to see kind of leaves again Dr. Judy D Hey, we hate you kind of Lisa and the audience we just took a poll. I agree they wouldn't let you scrub their toilet student Hey, if you're in a dead end job, maybe you're underpaid and overworked real big time How'd you like to get yourself a real life a new high-paying career, but you don't have four years to waste on college and you just can't fake your way through like Todd Drek If this sounds like you they make that call today that could turn your life around can we say turn it around? Oh, that can change your life for the better call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train They can have you train and certifying for a great high-paying computer network professional career and just for short Count if you can it's true you can be fully trained already for that new career by the middle of like July August whatever fast train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule to the Office of job placement assistance financial aid for people who qualify and with seven convenient locations to serve you in Florida You don't have to be a genius to figure out there's probably one close by where you live So don't wait pick up that phone to make that one single phone call that could really turn your life around Give you had one eight six six fast train and by the end of the summer even sooner You can be on your way to a real new high-paying career check them on the web if you like it fast train.com And then make that call one eight six six fast train be sure and tell them that old Todd Drek told you to call But Oscar now the Italian stout yet is part of sing his way to a Grammy with a little help from his friends It's why a family stone It's the greatest duo since tango and cash when some mistress to long since along with Slystone he makes a sound that you don't hear every day as You Hey Here's a seed that'll have you say stop for my mom shoot get your ears ready for Sly and the family's alone I want to thank you for that me Again This crap follow crew is even real word You pump your FIST to this over the top rocky and roll it's fly in our family stomones Why it somebody says Heather Thomas for the pool How about Helen Thomas okay, I'm sorry about About 45 arrested in cockfighting bust can we read the story? Oh About 45 people were arrested yesterday after officers broke up a cockfight and central Henry County 30 said I tell you one thing about Phil he may have turned to be a real right wing loser in the cell out But he made such a mark and flirted in the name day county after are you sure? Henry County Sheriff deputies acting on an anonymous tip converged on a desolate area in the rural pioneer plantation community Surely before two o'clock yesterday started in Susan her well said authorities found a constructed fighting ring and 75 to 80 roosters and transport cages are tied to cages or vehicles about a dozen dead roosters We're nearby kind of laying out officers all much hey listen to this so them to in a highly Missing a little bit rooster. I knew to especially at this time of the year in fact You wouldn't have to buy it and just say connect the length Officers also see got official fighting spurs straps medication other paraphernalia Deputies detained about 45 people in attendance including the property or another estimated 20 people fled on foot They are they high-tailed it out of there in Henry County What a place five six seven oh five six deep pound five sixty in fact What I think is a whole deep south not just Luzi and I think about southern comfort You know I'm not talking about the booze right southern comfort man. That's the deep South for you You all come back now here. Okay, John W Q a M. Hello Yo, yes sir, and what about Randy Rose? What about her for the poll? Fena's person is not that great looking but you think she's high Yeah back in the day she was No, okay, we'll put around it to make you feel better. Okay. Don't forget. Are America starts Wednesday The goddess goes Not nationwide, but almost she goes to the national Sir's hell. Oh, oh, oh, she's gonna be talking to millions of people as opposed to like us norm Who are gonna be talking to ourselves. You know, I noticed that stop FCC dot com thing now that I'm not prodding them today No nothing nothing happened from Florida nothing Minus 120,000 plus images on their overall which is fine But these people you know unless you beat him with a whip They just won't respond stop FCC dot com and I guarantee there's thousands 30,000 minimum of people as audience not only haven't they sign up at the show But they also haven't emailed all of their friends and enemies and all of these things to get on there too Pretty disheartening, you know because that's who a public attention Spanish shirt and I don't want to like take the vote to hold show to whatever you because it gets really ponderous We got more important fish to fry like picking your nose Name a famous person who is all that great looking but you think is hot Christina Aguilar 38 Soma high act 25 Christian Dunst 24 Madonna 15 Sandra Bullock 13 Susan's right in nine Christina reaching nine and quarter seven Ellen Ellen's Barkin seven Nicholas Shays seven when a Russo six Nick Jagger five Sean Penn four Kelly Osborne three Lisa Bonet three Sean Connois got three Jean Jing your raffle of three Natalie Main Street and one for Stevie Tyler Leo to Caprio None yet out of 198 votes enough for Angie Dickinson Who's that all Maris look at away. He's called that What I think it's right It's two different words. Maris Lisa's it's not to it's all one word. No, it's all one word. I didn't call one word How are you seeing you think it's right because I spelled it out? Mirrors greasy as Gonzalez fade out away sliced along Heather Thomas and Randy Rhodes They got none yet, but it's early. It's early running. Okay. We'll make their big move WCWA hello not there online nine shame on you WQM hello Yes, sir. I don't bet pretty good. I have one for you pool What's the name of the benefit boy friend That's a very good choice. Yeah. There you go Thanks. Oh, okay Tom Ripley senior on it. Please See you guys you there movie. I don't know why you're so it's such a hard-ass amount what I want to see it I'll bring it back when I come there in a couple of weeks. I'll bring it back to Florida and I'll Alone a team have it forever because I've seen it many many times I'm sorry man and then to discover this el alane Whatever's name is what is it the lawn the lawn for you sure an expert on that the elane d'elon I'm starting to have my dance. What is one of all right sure very famous act you're okay Don't get the president is a very famous French act doing made a Zidin movies if you look his bio up there It's got the 80s Zidin movies that he made at least one of them with Charles Bronson while during the next break I'll look it up there myself because it's got some interesting old pictures too elane delon called purple purple moon or in French it's called Pline Soleil I've never seen a purple moon I've seen a purple haze Okay, flying Soleil. It's your up north all the time. Yeah. That's true five six seven oh five sixty Battleway for Castrenova sunshine and partly cloudy Not bad day so far it's gonna rain later on here in Toronto. He's very very big on Toronto weather It's 54 right now gonna reach higher 14. That's 58 today aren't you impressed at my Literacy with these all these whatever this is Selfiest gonna be 58. I'll take it. Cut it a QAM hello What is it What did he say I have that I mean always cutting it an out, but there was I thought he said it filled okay, but I'm not I have no idea what he said get a new phone panel You wouldn't have worked so well I wouldn't have got like some holes in it would be good Can't say that W W W QAM hello Jennifer Tilley Okay Okay, thank you the word is Love a new part the word is voluptious in her case really yeah She's up and down I'll speak it of what we're talking about before in Britain The first laws giving gay people the right to Mary R to be unfailed this week and one of the most significant changes to Britain social make-ups since the passing of equal opportunities Legislation back in the 60s Attempting we show it still has a radical age the government will say that all couples who sign up to a committance relationship Should have the same rights regardless of sexual orientation It's all about equality set a white-haul source. It's not about special favors. That's with an OURS of course Now have the right to commit to one another and the responsibilities that it brings On of the civil partnerships bill to be published this Wednesday same sex couples will be able to sign a register held by the register office in a procedure Similar to marriage although the government will insist that is not officially emerged but rather a contract between two people The fact that couples will have to announce their intentions before and in a similar way the reading of the bands before wedding reveals it's true effect reading of the bands B-A-N-N-S what is that Got me these brits man Wow, what are they gonna learn to speak at English? Speaking in glazed man if I that song nobody speaks English anymore That'd be perfect in England Those brits you can't understand a bloody thing they say now can I mention the name of that Tavan in Toronto the one it's called spotted We can't say that anymore can't we know what I that but it's an aim of a dessert Not this country. It's a name of a British dessert. It's an aim of a tabard here in Toronto. It's called the spotted Dammit Can't say nothing no more 5 6 7 0 5 60 don't forget log out of QM.com. I want to do this a lot to give parents off of our ass Send back to the beast log out of QM.com and make your bits for the first ever QAM online auction They've got just tons of great sports items up for auction probably if you Josh laughs back there the cleanse has been checking out So be sure to register and start bidding at wqm.com the auction ends tomorrow 3 and a PM so get with it now 20 till noon at QAM if you want to know more about following a low carb diet if you want to find the best selection anywhere in the universe Then there's one store where you can get all of these things the lights of West Boca is God What you're starting are restarting the acens sugar busters south feature any other low carb sugar free diet The lights of West Boca's always been numeral Uno the number one low carb store in America and for good reason because what a selection They've got if you're looking for it. They got it over 1200 low carb products issues from including Brids and bagels cookies crackers chips rallies chocolate days carbolite ice cream pasta fantastic amazing sauces Catch up cheese cakes and lots more if it's new and great the lights will have it first two They're open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10 You can always try anything in the store before you bite you can taste it and they got a friendly knowledgeable staff in those dieting inside and out They carry the most complete line of acens brands products you find anywhere and keep in mind you can save some cash to because the Atkins brand products are on sale all day every day even on Shavuist the lights of West Boca on the northeast quarter of grades in 441 right next to Boston market column tool free at 1 877 low carb LOW W CARB here on WebetsLocard.com There's only one the lights of West Boca's your official atkins retail center 5 6 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 6 7 7 7 7 7 7 8 7 7 7 7 7 6 8 7 7 7 7 7 10 8 7 7 7 7 7 6 7 7 7 10 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 5 7 7 6 7 6 8 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 10 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 9 10 7 7 7 7 6 10 say David Look at that honey, did you know this honey's got cancer fighting antioxidants? That's what Dr. Sanjay Gupta is saying on CNN. Honey has got cancer fighting. Property. That's the honey tune, yeah. Here's the story it's gonna piss you off. The daily outrage by Matt Bivins in the nation. Very short. He says, here's the headscratcher of a CBS news report from July 2001. Fishing rod and hand the report begins. Attorney General John Ashcroft left on a weekend trip to Missouri through his afternoon, aboard a chartered government jet. And response to inquiries from CBS news over why Ashcroft was traveling exclusively by Lee's jet aircraft, instead of commercial airlines, the Justice Department said it would have called a threat assessment by the FBI, and said Ashcroft has been advised to travel only by private jet for the remainder of his term. Neither the FBI nor the Justice Department are for what identified what the threat was, what it was detected or who made it. So apparently six weeks before 9.11, the FBI was aware of a terror threat involving commercial airlines and a response made sure that its boss wouldn't be on one. It is certainly possible that the threat had nothing to do with Al Qaeda, and was specific to Ashcroft, and that keeping him off commercial jets was just about protecting the public, not the attorney general. It's also possible that his Richard Clark's testimony suggests some in government took Al Qaeda seriously, and frustrated with those of the top who didn't quietly took matters into their own hands. Either way, until the Justice Department is forced to cough up at least some minimal details on this one, we can only guess. Huh. Then up to Frost your ass. But heard something like that before. Yeah. And if he putting these pieces together. All of these strings. And it didn't pay the picture of what you call great candor by this group of a fascist. So here's some more suggestions for our poll. Famous person who isn't all that great looking, but you think is hot. They're hot. And you might dial the actress from Groundhog Day with Bill Murray says, chip. Thank you, chip. Chip also says it's a bottom of his fact. Be afraid. Be very afraid. He says the shot of Connie is one of these scariest photos of all time. Be afraid. Be very afraid. Good point, chip off the obla. And there were some people like chip on my three sons, but I preferred the Don Grady. What though was his name? Rob. Okay. Why is it that guy's name Rob? Generally speaking, tend to be good looking. Anyway, sure when for the poll's is John, Julia Louise Dreyfus. You. Okay. Ashley Judd and Amanda Bines. Trot with Ashley Judd. Who's Amanda Bines? I don't know. I must have done at some point. And it also says, please play an uncor. I would we should have taped that, you know what? Well, we did technically. Well, I mean technically both. That's not it. No. No. That was spontaneous. Thank you. Huh? Yeah, it was spontaneous. Oh, look at that. I just got so panic and acted off under the audition line. That's panic. Okay, let's give it a shot. Hey, guys, you want a cheerlead. I've read me shit on you. Head dead. Make that all back and clear all when read me shit on you. Clap. Forget about your wife's girlfriend. I'll kneel and say great. Better shave off that beard and stash their eights pick up the pains. You're really gone alone. And when read me shit on you. Shoulders. I'll imagine with you about men when read me shit on you. Motorcycle. Man's over. It looks like a proud. When read me shit on you. Passing to your seat. You read me shit on you. Girlfriends lab. I'm a love for a pie. And read me shit on you. Passing to your seat. You read me shit. Be your sleeping hurtful ball over your floor. Knowing it just a minute or two. We're y'all gonna score. A wrap. The wife of that dingy beast. Before it really sits on your head. Add to your pool. Get her full about two. Buy it on two. When read me shit on you. Mama. I'll dream and clean up your plans. Because she wants a brand new face. Get me your face. Oh. There it goes. There wasn't quite as good as you read. I know it was. It had its moments. It was all right. We'll work on it. It's 11 till noon. Let's see. Ashley Jordan Amanda Bines. And please play an on-core of George Rodney because we mix. I'm pretty satisfied. You did. Deborah Messing of Willem Grace's Earl. Earl LePurl. Okay. Got it. Troy says. Don't be messing with Deborah. I'll tell you that right now. She'll give you what for. I'll mess with her. And she won't give you nothing else. Okay. Christine Aguilar 52. Selma High Act 39. I like Somals Hotels. Okay. Christian Dunst 29. Sandra Bullock 21. Madonna 17. Susan Seran in 11. Christina Ritchie 11. Ritchie. Renée Russo's got nine. Let's give over somebody. Oh yeah. And Colors got ten. And Colors got ten. Oh my god. Woo. That. Susan Seran in 11. Ellen Barkin 9. Lisa Van A. Nicholas Sheez got eight. He's leading the guys. Mick Jagger six. How come we've had not one woman called today? Well, this this would be right up there. I suppose. What would think? Mick Jagger six. Sean Penn five. Kelly Osborne five Randy Rhodes has got five. Wow. Oh man. Sean Connery for Geneva Raffelow for Stevie Tyler for Leo to Caprio. He's got three. Natalie Main Street Jennifer Tillies got three. And she Dickinson's got a pair. Vera King's seen him. A. Ray Wong. Andy McDonnell's got one. Miss girl. Julia Louis Louis. He's got one. I don't want to pick on Josh's is this. But I will. And Matt Damon's got one. None yet. The big. Oh, resluis the loan. Heather Thomas Ashley Judd. Amanda Bines and Helen Thomas out of 279. I think everybody's started their. please is it on the calendar to be discussed this it is we did am I beg your pardon let me turn the page and what about ass Wednesday it starts Monday the fifth it's sundown I think I think the bailout is beginning because you could see it like this weekend I think with that three day weekend with a good spot for ass Wednesday well after we had ass Wednesday that's when the movie came out right the passion of the Jesus Christ and what about length in that right around there you're asking me when is it right around there that's beginning of that liquor since I was now all come on now you don't forget when something is brainwashed in your brain like that that's part of the Catholic really when they hammer it in there with with nails they just want you to show up and give your money they don't actually expect you to know any that crap I see WQM hello yes sir yeah I want for you folks okay don't know more true very more okay excellent that's a good choice he's an ad not the but they know guys that she's hot that's what Tom Green thought for a little while to a he was just nuts about her just and then when he separated he was like half nuts about her can I say that I just did too bad too bad mom okay you lose that you would he said about nuts oh by the way that's another thing that we I'm sure we can't play that bit you know let's go to shot I love you you and I went to the bar we drank some whiskey from the jar we got drunk all over town then I asked you to go down that's the course we're gonna go down I think it was yeah I should go downtown and then this you said up to the car car recipes right so that's you know that well what a required a little bit too much with a finger five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only it's the it's the it's the it's so pathetic man it's tragic and that stop at the cc dot com they stopped this crowd let's see we're three hundred and forty one away Texas area every time I look under you know he's got the last five people it's on on Michigan a Washington Washington again Delaware Michigan hundred twenty thousand four twenty nine anybody from Florida no I'm during the whole show every time I take a look at that to see what how we're doing I haven't seen one from Florida so I think and only three thousand some other last twenty four us because it was the weekend but even so I think we're getting pretty close to exhausting this avenue which is all reason we need this week to get that thing started with the ad so more people know about this and maybe the goddess can get on there on her national form starting on Wednesday give us a little promotion for this brandy what's the previous what those folks are going to hear WQA and hello yes sir and here on as well as taking over on the real radio in the window yeah for that number no we don't care nobody cares about it till nobody cares about real radio in our land and why why did these people in Tampa Orlando think we care about Tampa Orlando do we care about Tampa Orlando there's only one Orlando I carry about you haven't seen him in a long time what do you think ever happened to him I'm sure he got married and had a bunch of kids you know stuff like that yeah and what about that boy I mean five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line WQA and hello not there QA and hello hi yes sir speaking yeah don't want people okay me and you know what is it Jackie Jackie one jockey one jockey or Jackie Johnson okay there you go that's good the one donkeys face Jackie Johnson excellent a lot of guys think she started including Joe Rose Joe's since he had that eye surgery has never been the same but nevertheless Jackie Johnson she's got a lot of people in South Florida a lot of guys you know stirring into TV watching channel seven which of course will write your brain or channel is she on seven yeah seven I'll take her well get all you never just I'll give you a permission slip all right thanks pops even that I'll send you their permissions look now I already had in the mail several days ago but I can always get it back I guess that check for the washard ryer I'll take the check thanks yeah I think you got a better chance for the washer and dryer with Jackie's Johnson I could be wrong about that but I don't think you got no shot no no four minutes till noon at five sixty WQA I'm springing at a savings right now and save a ton of cash on a great new car truck from our friends at armstrong's Toyota of homestead you'll find him on US one just twenty easy minutes out of the eight thirty six and arms strong Toyota homes that is worth the drive no matter where you live because they're gonna save you a whole boatload of cash and great new Toyota's check out these great least deals waiting for your right now arms strongs and oh four camera or four one or your pay only two hundred and sixty nine bucks a month or forty eight months how about an oh four highlander just three oh nine a month need a truck how about an oh four Toyota tender the safest truck in America and you pay only a hundred and seventy nine a month or forty eight months unbelievable these are just some of the savings waiting for you right now at armstrong's Toyota homestead and with these total increases for people using cash on the turnpike armstrong's will give you a free sun pass when you buy your new car truck from them general manager David rich in a staff will do just about anything out of the sun to put you in a great new Toyota today so experience the armstrong Toyota homestead difference are local owned and operated committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction their service department is open late till eight week nights to make sure they get your service worked on and done right to easy to find them there with US one in two ninety-third street in homestead just twenty minutes out of the eight thirty six so stop wasting your time at those big gigantic mega dealers or car giants who always seem to do the same thing the over-promise under deliver and then get you their dealerships under some phony pretence to the smart thing called David rich in the GM at armstrong's Toyota homestead right now three oh five two four two thirty two forty seven that's three oh five two four two thirty two forty seven for armstrong's Toyota homestead rattle on saboton on that great new Toyota car this is mark Morgan is the twelve to one hour on Q eight and introducing the first time at correct all dysfunction that gives you up to thirty six hours to choose the moment that's right for you and your partner new see how to go to work fast that would come from a can work for up to three six hours I turn that thing off she has not for everyone I don't think it's for us erections lasting long before hours though rare require immediate medical I run away but I can't even walk 36 hours to get us great only thirty two hours left just hope you're done and don't be on the work once they're morning I'm here just don't know if I was reaching back in a fact there's just a little bit on the short side the bit for Jan is still dead Jan the barrier of Jan and Dean died over the weekend case you missed a beginning of the show he was sixty two who's a little bit wouldn't run from his a bad Corvette from a stingray wreck back in sixty six thirty years ago Jan and Dean who made so much great music we never got to hear any of it but I'm sure they did some time here's um who's this from somebody who doesn't need to have any plenty of places you could have put a name on here or something but didn't bother doing it or wreck I'm sorry Rick it says I hope you got to see the condolese interview on sixty minutes to that Bradley I said I did Rick I talked about that before she makes me but there she is right now look at that do not testify before the congress the new house again and even Rick I know wouldn't let her right into the house to clean the turrets it says the part I love most was when they showed her clip a Mr. Clark apologizing to nine eleven families and saying the government had failed them kindly said to know whether to go to bathroom read of an Anna go up clean the toilet read of an Anna it was great to see the shoe on the other foot of the and they might have to subpoena her to testify ps finally the American people in the media are turning around and seeing these people for the crooked liars and thieves that they are and I'll say it again what they caught carry saying whether he thought he was off my uh he was absolutely right on target that's so little in correct you go John okay John carry I thought I sure hope he's a little bit stronger than I think he is but you go John wait to hear this a Paris court rejected a request to ban Mel Gibson's the passion of the Christ brought by three Jewish brothers who argued that the film would format hatred of Jews and the France now there haven't a big resurgence of anti-Semitism here in Toronto I should point out they've had a whole bunch of episodes last several days so I'm I'm wondering is that because of the passion of the Christ or is it because of Ariel Sharon or maybe I think it's the passion of Sharon boy I hope somebody pees in his hall of a court rule that the film which is scheduled for its French release Wednesday would not threaten public order in the country to make the death of Jesus into the major motivation of anti-Semitism it leads to secular persecutions against Jews would stem from a narrow view of Mel Gibson's film Judge Florence line Lajemi wrote in a court brief the brothers Patrick Girard and Jean Marc Ben Lolo. presented that's kind of like a benefit Ben Lolo. presented their case Friday before going to a screening of the film with the lawyer for the movie's French distributor they planned to appeal. They Ben Lolo complained argued the film as a false and erroneous version of certain religious events and was still anti-Jewish hatred. France has been battling anti-Semitic violence for more than two years often involving attacks against Jewish schools, synagogues and community centers yadiyada yadiyada. And this is your by the way PS the everybody still hates the Jews. I don't know what they meant by that. 560560 p.m. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line on a very kind of coma-inducing Monday. I think this is just a start of this whole deal. I don't know. Maybe I'm wrong. You can tell me. I'm not going to tell you. I think this is that the, you know, the pass over the Easter thing that syndrome. It's got Florida starts bailing out like I said before, boy anybody builds out more power to him. 340 of votes on the poll. Pretty weak for this time of the show and all we started to prelate today. Because I was rambley. Right. That's all right. Whatever if it's 10 it's all right. Name a famous person who wasn't all that great looking but you think is hot. Christina Aguilar 59, Selma High Act 51, Kristen Dunst 34, Sandra Bullock 25, Madonna 19, Christina Rachi 14, Susan Serrated 14, Renee Russo 12 and Cold Relevator everybody else said, well, they just, you know, what is it? 11 for Ann Colder. I can't get over that. I'm going to I'm still going to play that bit. Go for it. Not. Do that. Oh yeah, do it. Well, I double dog Darry. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, I didn't know you had a rich relative just died. That's a ton. Do you want to kill him? Hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. I'd like to be a director. Oh, yeah. Nancy Grace and screw in. Yeah. That didn't sound like. And all, you know, Nancy Grace put that bitch on there. See, this is the thing that always gets me about everybody. That's just whether it's straight people gay. It makes no difference. It's like a little girls with the abach street boys and in Stink again, you know. If anybody is famous, right? And I'm saying, if you saw them at Daydland, walk in Pashti, you wouldn't even blink. You wouldn't bet an eyelash much as much as much as turtler on look. You can say, oh, look at that, you know, not even think about it. But they're on television, dummy. WQA and hello. Okay, back to you. Whatever he said, I think he's fallen. That was a blessing for us. WQA and hello. Yeah. Can I speak with you? Speaking. Neil, listen. I got one for you. Oh, I got two for your both. Go right ahead. Give me a second. I got Marilyn Manson. Yeah. You watching, see you in and right now? What that? Oh, yeah. Look at that. Was this the newspaper that they knocked out or is this some other kind of newspaper showing our troops beating on people? Oh, our troops are beating me also when in their shutdown that she had newspaper. And go ahead, sir. I'm sorry. Hello, Marilyn Manson. Yes. Yeah. Marilyn Manson and, uh, uh, Belky's narrated. It's Belky's narrated. Belky's narrated. Belky's narrated. Ever seen to him together, Marilyn Manson's Belky's narrated. Oh, same person. Now, why are you getting all whipped up about to just show? That's just some file footage. Just this propaganda, some liberal propaganda. No, they went in and they shut down the in fact they showed thousands and thousands of people early this morning protesting in Iraq. I saw the demonstration, but I hadn't seen the beatings of the US since the troops in there to shut down that she had newspaper because they were printing out what we didn't like. Which just kind of like the way that they're shutting down radio stations are trying to and the TV and everybody else. It's the great intimidation factor. You know? So if you're those boots marching in a background, it sounds familiar. Those of you old enough to remember WDW2. It is familiar. It's the same same dance, same old song. WQAM, hello. Pretty good? How about Martha Stewart? Martha Stewart. I'm sure that there were guys who think that she's as hot as, uh, Halava. Yeah. Hey, listen, um, is there anything going on with the contributions to get these ads in the newspaper? This week. Well, what keep one day is for you? Okay. And I've been an email to Bob and Tom. I'm trying to find out how come they don't have a remission. Something like this on their show. They haven't mentioned it? I haven't heard it. I listened to him every morning. I haven't heard a word on it. I didn't see anything on their website. I wonder if that station were they in Indianapolis, were you know, which is their home base? I wonder if that's owned by Chief Channel. I might have something to do with it. And my, it just might have something to do with it, my friend. You bet. Thanks, buddy. Okay. Wednesday or Thursday? Well, let's you know. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Yeah. Now, how did you know that? Because I'm, I'm finding out from you. How did I know what? About Wednesday or Thursday? Oh, from Eric. Yeah. I'm going to be saying Wednesday or Thursday. Did he say, whoa, did he say that to? I didn't type that. Well, how do you tell you spell that? Well, wait a minute. I got a message on here. Just a moment. Maybe I got a message from Eric here. I don't want to be presented. If I've got two messages. First, I want to put the a math evidence article that I read about the John Askcroft, not taking a commercial flight. He got that up on there. Nice going, Eric. Even though I didn't even send it to him. And number two, he's got a, what is this? What is this? A link to some story? I don't know. Askcroft flying high. Oh, this is the original story from CBS News. That they were, that Mad Bivins was quoting from. Thanks a lot, Eric, but you just the killing me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. WCW and hello. Oh, yes, sir. Yes, I am. How you doing, Neil? Pretty good. Neil, I guess the SEC is not cracking on that hard. You just said, she, I. Yeah, that's true. Neil, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, this is the last week we're going to be able to say that. You can't say any more, what you used to call me a Panoa's can you? No. Neil, why do you want to make a request of, of, of, of, you know, when it gets that, uh, I know you can still play an a long time and it's funny, it's the one about guilty. Okay, I think we can still play it. I'll monitor it during the, uh, break. Make sure. Alright. Thanks, Paul. Galady, Galda. I think we can play that. I'm right there's nothing sub-roser here. My head, nothing that's there. Galady. I think I can, like, be able to, I think we can play that. He just, he leaves me. He has such a show for the Panthers organization. You know, he just, makes me nauseous. It's one thing, you know, he wants the job. He's on their payroll fine, you know. You don't have to go out of your way to be negative, but good, Galima's smiley to try to pedal at this thing. A successful season. My goodness, man, you must have rocks in your head. And you only tend to have any kind of a crowd is when they're given some crap away. In addition, which they've been doing the two for one on the tickets all season and he's on there on Friday. Oh, they got money. They need a couple of the festival. They got the money. If they got the money, they must have robbed the banker something somewhere because I don't know where they have got it from. It's your reason from this past season. Another 20 to 25 million dollar loss disaster. So what is this clown talking about? See that guy got me all whipped up again about guilty little wimpie, uh, but kissing guilty. Makes me want a barf. See, and he is one of those people that saw me. Yeah, yeah, he's always looking for sympathy because he's got to work with Moe and he hates Moe and you know the whole routine, you know it. No, I don't know. Go for it. Oh, god, Galima's a load on call me at home. Oh, what am I going to do? It's how horrible. Yeah, of course, Moe's in total. Oh, no, Goldie loves me. He's my good buddy and he loves working with me. All right. If he had anything else he could do for the equal for the equal dollars, even if it meant scrubbing out toilet to kind of leases home, he'd be he'd be gone tomorrow. That's a he'd be he'd be. That's guilty. 12 minutes past noon at 5. 60 WQM. Hey, if you died, it's not going so well. If you're frustrated because you've tried every died under the sun and you're still a big walking cow. Have you tried balance for life? If the answer is, no, what are you waiting for? Balance for life is the premier meal delivery service that's based on Dr. Barry Sears zone diet that's Barry Sears is probably distant cousin of Jay Sears and maybe even Gene Sears. Balance for life delivery is right here. Door a little black sack every morning and your sack is all the food you need to keep you full happy and satisfied all day long. Three delicious meals, two snacks every day. With all that food, how could you say you're on a diet? So try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet? No shopping, no cooking, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting, none of these things. People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life and the zone diet's been proven to lower your blood sugar, your high cholesterol and high blood pressure too. And for people that ever wanted to give a shot at the South Beach diet, here's your chance. You might ask, how? Because balance for life is the closest thing to lever find. It's the only meal delivery coveted off his human nutritious that allow you to go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach diet. Feel the difference. See the results by making this tool feed called and get you started right away. Call 1-866-225-4543 and watch that way. Note the way you'll see the results on the scale almost right away. Call 866-225-4543 run away. It's balance for life.com.httppbopopopopopopushima. Jellies, talking like a baby So you need to be a little traini Like a few others, nah You don't sound like a man We both know rubber bands That choke, your throat come Gellies, tell me, tell me Gellies, your lucky management don't care Cause Gellies, you don't belong there on the air And Gellies, the sports can way kill your voice cracks Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job And they should only take you back when both your babies drop L. Kelly, tell me, when you're gonna grow up You make us wanna grow up You silly, sweetly fool Go to broadcasting school You're free, you bastard boys Make you sound like that You're a hot pot Okay, we say pot Don't ask, don't ask Don't ask the name or tell me I think we're a scape on it because they're all going over And he calls all of these leaves, they're bunch of goings They're all from that Problem 19 at 5.60 WQA I'm Lisa and my me beach tanky She actually got on stop at CCD.com and sound a petition It's the first floor name I saw in there All day, plus it was a female I can any ladies call on this pool And there ought to be a lot to see all this balloony But all you have so many women listening If we did, which I know we don't But if we did, this is right up there All right, right, right, activism Because it's very common place for women to become very Infatuated with guys with actors and famous guys Who, you know, don't really look all like that But they think are really sexy, you know, like that My slice the loan for example Anyway, here's a Cuban Pete who says, Remember when you played the whole BBC report Now I think we played the CBC report A On the Bushman Lawton connection What day was that? It was in the archives I think it was like November 17 at 2 p.m. I mean, what day was that? Or maybe work and I find it You mean, where can you find it? I don't think it was a search part You could find it, you know what I mean? I have no idea. I don't know. How are we supposed to know that? I don't know. It was the CBC thing and it probably isn't the archives It may be Eric if he's in the right mood It may be between the low knee and peanut butter sandwiches Can let us know when it was. I don't know. WDQAM Hello Hi, I'm Camille. You have to port you got a lady. How many? How many? It's a miracle. It's a marica. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. A little bit of a piece of. Yeah, I'm back at you. Uh-huh. I got my mom's isn't everything. Don't eat any stalemate. Bye-bye. You'll burn in hell. What about Gibson? So, please, that's where he should be. Mm-hmm. Anyway, um, the thing on the nice Jewish boy track here, um, I don't know why I find the sky attractive. He's definitely not attractive, but he turns me on for some reason. I really liked Jeff Goldlomb. Oh! Oh, sorry. Oh! Uh-oh. How was this before after he turned into the fly? Oh, no, no, no. This was actually after the fly. Wow. I liked him in Independence Day. I thought he had a very sexy walk. I have no idea. I've never said about Richie Simmons here. Oh, oh. Oh, he has a good flap or something, doesn't he? Something like that. Right hook. Yeah. I know there's a bit that you still can play, and it's really one of my favorites. Oh, there's one? Yeah, there's one. Sugar Shockers? Oh, yeah. I love that. Okay. It's my kid. Well, let's keep, uh, you know, let's keep pounded out the ones that you still play before it's too late. Right. Well, I can, I'm sure they'll find something objectionable and there's somewhere to click. Okay. I love you. Thanks, see you. Take it. Watch real bad for you. But change real good. Shagor! And what give you the excess energy to drive mom crazy? Shagor! So, what breakfast cereal will you tell mom to buy? Next time she goes shopping. Sugar Shockers! Shagor! Shagor! Soon, super sugar coated sugar shockers. Our little bits of raw cane, to trinched in her feet and coated with powdered sugar. Glucose, fructose corn syrup, and other natural sweeteners. And taste the slight sugar coated sugar. Right. Because there's new, yetty bite of into minerals, there's oil, you're fun. And how does it make your feel? Like I'm vibrating mom, you look much more chill. I'm in the same way. I'm in the same way. I'm in the same way. I'm in the same way. And mom's a long sugar shocker still. Because inside, everybody's. There's a free bottle of new Flintstones, Trollable Valley up. So try. You're super sugar coated sugar dragon. From your friends, you're responsible for food. Thanks to Trent, the poor Lodderdale, he's got a position in his two. At this rate by the year 35, 35, we ought to be able to get to our minute. No problem. Catholic Master's Diab after anti-game marriage video shown. A gay Catholic man interrupted Mass at a cat in Massachusetts. Church to protest and even an anti-game marriage video shown during the Monday of the Sunday morning service yesterday. The man choked at his Reptitive Service. I think inclusion of the video supplied to the parish by the Massachusetts Catholic Conference, which defense traditional marriage said the Reverend Michael Doyle of Saint John the Evangelist. The video showed the need to preserve marriage as a union between one man and one woman Doyle said, In this interesting, I find it amazing that the Catholic Church are the priest married? No, what the hell are they talking about? They're busy doing altar boys and they're talking about a marriage between one man and one woman? Shut up. God. I just found it to be such a scourless, scandalous piece of misinformation Chuck Colbert, the man who protested to told the A.P. For me to sit there and take it is out of the question. Doyle said he called police to maintain order, but Colbert was not arrested or detained. Colbert's a freelance writer who regularly contribute stories published in the National Catholic Reporter and independent weekly paper that's endorsed same-sex marriage. Oh, they're going to burn in hell. Are you kidding me? He said the video available on the website, preservemarriage.org was played just after Doyle's homily. Colbert said he stood up and produced himself as a gay Catholic and protested what he heard in the song. I said, I mean you know, Haram, I have to bear true witness at Colbert who was shouted down by several parishioners. Shut up, you faggot, you bloody faggot! The arts dice is a Boston's been politically active in the game and it's debate, our special, and of course this is really ironic because wasn't at the arts bishop of Boston where we first started to, I didn't a Boston Wilburton Great Book about all of the Traveller stations scandal and in the arts bishop, war, he fought the law and law laws didn't he have to resign last time I checked? Yes. Our special show on O'Malley is spoken in the anti-gamerage rallies and the church's urged Catholics to write to their state legislators in opposition to this faggory, this buggery! Archdiocese spoke from the member of Christopher Coines said Sunday, the Massachusetts Catholic Conference regularly distributed this, that was my bad. Distributes information including videos that perishes across the state and doesn't need to vent material to the arts dice. For the most part, there are people in O'Watt there are doing coincidentally conservative group. There we go. In the video, a female voice played over various images, urges listeners to contact lawmakers to urge them to vote against both gay marriage and sub-agunions. It says, civil unions discriminated against the poor and the needy and will hurt the economy by paying out social security survivor benefits. Wow! Did you hear that? I heard it. The only other Catholic church in Canton Saint-Jeward did not receive a copy of the video. There you go. Bigger tree and hate man, if you want hate, go to church. If you want bigotry and arrow mindedness, go to show. This is where you'll find it all. Our God is better than theirs than they should rotten hell and the hell with Mel Gibson. He should not do the mammal and hell. All the other crap. That's right. The hell with Mel. Just give it up baby. Give it up for length. Give it up for Sukus. Give it up for pace off. And those moths is by the way. Too many moths will kill you. Make no mistake about that. Oh Michael Jackson, that proceeds to be able to grant your email. He will not be there. He's busy. He's having some more. He's having some more. And I'm so deep up. But parties. Name a face a famous person who is an all-agre looking, but who you think is hot. That's our poll question today. And our poll is a 428 votes. Not so hot I guess huh? Christine Agalera 62. Some high x 62. Christian Dunst 37. She were a Dunst cap. Sandra Bullock 31. I take great acceptance of that. I like Sandra Bullock. She just fine. There's nothing wrong with what she looks. Right. Madonna 20. Christina reachy 17. Susan selected 16. Jennifer Tilley. 14. Ellen Still barking 14. Renee Russo 14 and Colter 13. Ashley jug 13. Nicholas Shea's got a dozen. I've settled for just seeing a couple. Lisa Bonay 11. Judy Grapple 11 and Mick Jagger's got 10. Everybody else single digits. 27. Pass noon at 5. 60 W to Q M when your old mattress wears out your back will tell you man. You wake up at a morning feel like you haven't had any sleep at all. So if it's time to dump the old mattress get a brand new one. Do the smart thing like I've been doing for years called dialometrist 1 800 mattress. They back up everything they say in their advertising completely 100%. But they're competitors still lie like crazy. When you see a mattress at making outrageous claims, please read the fine print. Because a lot of these guys tell you all kinds of BS. For example, the ad screen half off, but then you find out it only applies to limited selection of items that you never wanted in the first place. Everything else full price and they probably doubled the regular price first and you're probably never be able to make a first change of it and like it. And dialometrist the rides have no tiny print notice gamers when you call 1800 mattress. You'll see their prices are so low that others those have to offer half off sales just to compete. The dialometrist also still gives you that no risk 30 day company exchange policy. But third man on all meds including the one you buy and don't forget when you call dialometrist toll free 1 800 mattress. You're getting a company ranked number one overall customer satisfaction too from candlestow it. Palm meets to four buyers even the ranger. The dialometrist reminds you to read the fine print too because they want you to know exactly what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them. So what you'd be waiting for if you want a great night sleep for years to come on a best quality mattress going. And an unbeatable price just one easy call do it. 1 800 mattress or log on their website mattress dot com. Bala mattress 1 800 mA TT RES the honest way to buy you a great new bill. My my my my my local this is for trail by 60. You way. The Neil Rodger. I want to be was a fun run of a shot. Till we self-destruct it one day. Maybe it was the end of us from dial. Gore he said with my help you run this country. Oh but I want you place there behind the home backpack backpack backpack back back hadn't one any stage. Without any help from this business. But it's concessions we too so funny. I would didn't have lost my air. Was that stream all about. Go we made both. There up because. Dean's dropping out. Dean's dropping out. The company to a five sixty WMR hopes that maybe the goddess might help us when she goes in an era. America thing on Wednesday. I think we may be. I don't know. Out of control. I just looked out her website. You know Randy Rhodes dot com. Did I see anything about. Stop FCC dot com. I mentioned no a link. No. No. So you know and of course. That's the nation that she's on in Florida is owned by clear channel. You do understand that. Yeah. I just mentioned that passing hopefully what if her listeners one of the yetes will call us and come on Randy let's help it out okay it's disgusting. But we'll see. But anyway we'll have more info about the donations so we can put some ads in USA today on Wednesday or Thursday this week and we'll get the ball rolling do what we can do our little park. The White House acknowledged yesterday that on the day after the terrorist attacks of 9.11 President Bush pressed his top counterterrorism advisor Richard Clark to find out whether was involved. Mr. Bush wanted no did a rack have anything to do with this where they complicit in it. Condalisa. Said on 60 min a last night. That's what kind of Lisa said. She said Mr. Bush wasn't trying to intimidate him on to produce information. Rather given a West actively hostile relationship with the rack at the time. It was asking Mr. Clark a perfectly logical question. Ms. Rice said that's doctor Rice to you. Condalisa looks like a beaten up old hooker. Man. In fact she looks like she's been a scrubbing throwless for about the last 10-20 years. Or maybe even about 30 man. Done she? Yes. Rubbing floors. Yeah. 560-70560-pound-560 on a AT&T and for rise from wireless line. Name a famous person who isn't all accurate looking but you think he's hot. WQA. Hello. Not there. WQM. Yeah. Hi Neil. Yes sir. I'm like so outrated said you know Randy Rhodes is getting a national show and you're being overlooking some houses. You're outraged? I mean you're a fantastic. How could you not be nationwide in the putting on the cut because my agent is a schmuck. That's why because he's a useless schmuck. Who tells me about who tells me news about the industry weeks after we already talked about around the year. West got a clue what's going on. Who spends half his time talking to people from the competition like David Ross or Clear Channel. That's why I'm still, you know, from little by大的 Sports Station in Miami. I'm listening to Mike Saviote's nation. Why does this happen to hell? Well, man, how can he still be on the air? He's got a great person. He's another two that has a great, you know. He has a great personality. He's a Nazi. Are you out of your mind? Michael Savage has a great personality? He's personality on that. He's a few that aren't agree with. But his personality is funny to listen to. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's what Hitler always was good at a party too. Okay, continue being outraged, all right. Wow. See, I don't get that at all. I mean, would you listen to Michael Savage for 30 seconds? I don't know who that is. That's the right wing lunatic that they put on Amazon B.C. that, that, That gay bashing, uh, hate mongering, uh, right wing lunatic. Not job. Right wing or lying and spewing poop. But he's got a great personality, yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. Just keep everything in perspective. Okay, it's just a radio show. We're not going to change the world just don't start getting thrown away because we're on this stop. I'm talking to myself. Oh. Stop, F.C.C. dot com all the stuff we're doing the best we can. But if you think you're going to change, uh, I mean, this guy there. Just another radio group. He's less than a Michael Savage and a rush and do, uh, whatever, you know. Basically, I think what the guy was trying to say to condense it down a little bit. I have no life. W.D.Q.A.M. Hello. Neo, hey, how you doing today? Good. Uh, what's up, Kelly? Uh, you know, the take that I got from, uh, Richard Murray. What was your think? Well, my take was is that, uh, the president of the United States let this attack happen. So he'd have an excuse to go into Iraq. Right. And that's really, really wrong. And isn't it funny how Paul O'Neill, a former secretary of the Treasury under this president, basically said the same thing in his book. Yeah. I was going to be just lying to try to sell a book. In the American public like he said. That next year, exactly. That was very good. I'll allow you back on to that again. I think after tomorrow we can't make that sound anymore. And I have, uh, suggestion for your poll to go. Of course you're. Courtney Cox. Yeah. Okay. And don't say that again either. Ever write a, Kelly. You're right on the line man. He's right up against it. He's pushing it. Tucker, a chronic facts. He says not Tucker Carlson. Now there right there is another person that should be on that list. People that just make you nauseous. Along with con de Lisa and Coder. Tucker Carlson. But at Silly Bo tie. Although he's not nearly as venomous as Bob Novak. Oh, God. Or, or Incohir does Bob Novak. Last couple of times he's been on CNN that I've seen. He's like, uh, Sarah make gurgling sounds. Maybe that's a good sign. Bob Novak. I think the end is coming soon. There will have a party. We'll throw a big bash. Do you like to have a big party when somebody dies? Let's see. And you'll say, what about I'm not just talking about us, not him. What about Courtney Love and Mickey Work? Two knots of great lookers who don't appear to, uh, bathe off. Ha ha ha ha. Right. Sometimes you'll see somebody in your safe. But that person needs a good bath and a, uh, something, you know? New wardrobe. Shave it a haircut. Right. That's a good. Really good. I see that all the time. So both that guy had a real, you know, like a, uh, a shave. A haircut and had nice, uh, spiffy outfit on. Right. That's because you got, uh, cause I get around. Five, six, seven, five, six. Why do you say cause I go to Europe a lot because the people there are Sleavenly and our schmutzie that will you try to say. Keep hearing. Was that what happened on your last trip to Europe? And that's why you don't call back. I heard tales. Hids. Five, six, seven, five, six. And I think one more day of the, uh, reactant and I'll be reactant. Okay, but. So pain in the ass. Oh, sorry. It's a pain in the, Raccoon. Don't put him there. Let's see. Oh, some a high-ax got 71. Where the hell did she come from? That's a goat. Some a high-ac came from back in the pack. Yakyak, yakyak. Christian Agalera 66. Christian Dunst 38. Sandra Bullock 34. But Donna's got 20. I thought she'd do better than that myself. Christian Agalera 32. Susan Surrand in 17. Ellen's still barking with her 17 up through wrong tree. When a Russo 16 and on a coast. How about Donna to bottom on the ass end of this 482. Courtney Constown have any. But she just went on there. Martha Stewart. Marilyn Manson's got one. A sex pot. Nancy Grace one. Heather Thomas one. Jeff Goldblum's got one. We know who that was. Slice the lone one. Those are the losers at the moment. I think it's a good question. I don't think they like it all. I must but I think it's a pretty interesting. And again, I was watching that show on much music last night. It was one of the, how many shows they got on now? Bob Birdman Nick and Jessica at home or whatever was called. And there he was and they went actually went to the beach. And she wasn't her very skimpy bathing suit. And of course he was like just in his. I don't know. That was that was in the movie with your friend. Elaine. Delan. Delan. That's the movie where they went to the beach. And I said, let me take a closer look at this thing. Purple moon. I guess it's making a big comeback now. Like, you know, on the DVD or video or whatever because. Because of the popularity of the town. Mr Ripley with George won't see because he's afraid of he watches it. He might get the house for time out for my. Your gay. Tom Ripley. Twenty till one. You're, I guarantee you, we'll bring you the movie and you'll watch it. I was pretty, I was pretty entertaining. Now you like the people who are in it. I do. Go in as a pal-trow. Okay, she's fine. And what's his name is in it? The British actor that's so great. Jude Law. He's good. And Matt Damon, you can handle once in a great while. I can stand him. Oh, so he can do that. Yeah. We got the toy since you brought it up. I finally did see the born identity. Pretty good. Not bad at all. He was pretty good. See, he's, see one thing about Matt Damon. See what you will. I know what you're thinking. And of course, I think the same thing. But what happens is to make the fact that a matter of ways that at least he's a good actor. He can be. Huh? I don't care about his sexuality. I care about his light bulb head. Yeah, and his teeth are very nice. He's to take. He's, he's a little over the. He's a kind like Jim Carrey, you know. But born identity was not bad at all. But, but his buddy, his bunk butt buddy there, um, Ben Affleck. On the other hand, has become, one, to naturalize, he's just unnerred. He's always just unnerred, you know. So, if he really ever did have any acting abilities, uh, we haven't seen them yet. And his next getting fat. Really? Have you noticed? No, I haven't. I haven't looked back closely. Like, guy, teens till one. Ha ha ha ha. Like the beast. Hold no neck. Hey, if you're looking for a fun and original year for somebody's birthday in New Baby or for Easter's Send them a barregram from Vermont, Teddy Bear. Just call this toll free number 1-800-829 Bear and a friendly bear counsel. I'll help you choose from over 100 bears. Uh, personalized for your loved one delivered in their famous gift box with a free card in Chocolate. You can choose from bears like the new Baby Bear with the baby's name and birthday to embroider on the bib. They have great bears for Easter to like the traditional hair bear. That's H.A. How is it? H.A.R.E. The traditional hair bear with bunny ears. Over 978 lovers guarantee two. So call 1-800-829 Bear or shop online at Vermontt TeddyBird.com. Show your care. Send the bear the great alternative to flowers for any occasion. Those flowers are dead just a matter of hours. You're cute little bear. It'll last a lifetime. Call 1-800-829-B.E.A.R.E.R.E. Come across the old meal. Toded a call 1-800-829 Bear. And my life and love. This is what we'll buy city. We will win. We will win. Bush, Hates, Gaze, Bush, Hates, Gaze. See how it lasts. A gay amendment ban. What often infants are going to go to become a married home? Or more, we discuss it unless you have the rokers. Bush, Hates, Gaze. If you're home the baby, I'll get my new dress right. No, the meal, call 2-800-829-Bird. Don't you defend it, see now. Not the time that you're in the door, man. They take you such a fight, a small thing to fight. You've been a big feeling, man. So don't you can't say that. No. If you're not very ugly, ain't all the Christian. They take you such a fight, a small thing to fight. No, the bread that is down. And we're in the town of Kodai. Just like your money, down that's back from my lap. You've been a Christian, man. So you can't say that. Then I make you free. We'll never choose a normal son for the empty sea. We'll find you someday and take your life to the rainbow. That's for the moment, I hope you'll be your birthday. We're like good half my rate, you'll do the history. But the picnic does now. You're not entirely correct. Just for white outwears, you can't have two people to choose anymore. Oh, girl, you can't say that. Richard Clark, the former charismatic adviser, was revolutions threatened to torpedo George Bush's reelection strategy, launched a counterattack yesterday at the White House that he said was determined to destroy him. And of course we know that he is absolutely correct. In riveting TV performance, Mr. Clark called on his principal critic and former employer that National Security Advisor Condolese Rice. To release the entire record of their emails in the months up to the 9th of in terror attacks, the proof is contention that the White House did not then take the threat about Kattasirisly. You also agreed to Republican demands to declassify testimony gave to the Senate two years ago to prove that there were no inconsistencies. Let's take all of my emails and all the members are sent to the National Security Advisor. And her deputy from January 20th to September 11th of the Nussity classified all of them. Mr. Clark told NBC on eat the press. Just let two I didn't get up our own up to see that. Mr. Clark's braver of presentation surprised the Bush administration, but decision to stand his ground could also be destructive to his rice. She has been under intense scrutiny for a week largely for being the focus of Mr. Clark's charges that the Bush government did not see al-Kattas a priority before 9-11, but also because she refused to testify before the commission. She has always some technicality just like Cheney Moky about the names of the people who are in those energy meetings. But it would be inevitable in government like in the dark. I think that could have proud. Everything with his people is secret. We will not tell you no matter what you say. Yesterday the commission chairman Thomas came called for Ms. Rice to testify in public. Even Richard Pearl said I think she'd be wise to testify. Can't said we recognize there are arguments having to do with separation of powers. We think in a tragedy of this magnitude that those kind of legal arguments are probably overridden. But he said he wouldn't force the issue with the court order too bad. Should get that bitch that washerwoman out there. Okay. Who also won't testify under oath even behind closed doors. What else she couldn't? Obviously too many people too many dumb people. Those are so many. So little time. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WQAM hello. Hello. Hi. Yes sir. I'm just listening to you about the Sunday morning with Mr. Clark and he did say that he would love to see everything be classified. Right. He said that what kind of lease is said. I was very impression very articulate as far as the dates and what was said. Right. Very impression show. And I hope he gets his way. Amen. How are the dates? You too. Let's see is he going to get his way? No. He's not going to come out of the closet. Honor Ronald Reagan's 11th commandment. But I don't think that Governor Kane has a full appreciation of the importance of the separation of power. Right. Oh boy. He's got the pro and a kind here with Wolf for the Wolf master. Seeing and the anti-Christ believe you mean the anti-Christ not only watches seeing and but is behind it. Did you know that? I did know that. I'll anti-Christ always the one who's behind seeing and a lot of people thought I was Ted Turner. Forget about him. He's small potatoes. That's what James said. Small potatoes. WQAM hello. Yes sir. I got a name for the pole. Okay. It's Lucy Lou. Good choice. Yeah. I'm not meant to orient or Asians but I think she's pretty hot. All right. You got a man. You got a good hand for her too. Thanks. Do we have a good picture of her like naked? Yeah like well. I mean close to it. The important and important part. Parts. Well let's get that on there tomorrow. What are you saying? Okay. Is that L.I.U. L.I.U. I'm the. Oh. The father. I haven't seen that before. I was missed her now. Lucy Lou. I don't know who that is. She was one of the angels on the Charlie's Angels movie opposite Cameron Diaz and Drew Barron. Oh, I'm not having seen Charlie's Angels the movie. I have no idea who she is like a singer. I'll take you work for that. And then tomorrow we'll see her picture right on our website on Beyond the B.D. Curtain. If you're already ages 75, you have 27 forms of ID. A letter of permission from your great grandparents and a pink slip from the Attorney General John Aschrop and it doesn't move his eyes cross-eyed while you're looking at it. Then you're permitted to watch it for a few seconds. It's a semi-wee. It's a totally man. Right, especially bad picture. She's topless and smoking a cigarette. Yeah. So you mean bad in the sense of being bad? You don't remember that. We'll danger. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What is he talking about? Do you have any idea? He's dangerous. We knew that. So my high act just she came from a rear's man. In fact, this thing is changing all over the place. Christina had a big lead and she dropped it. Don't drop the cheese, Christina. Some of the head 78 to 70 and after that it's all small potatoes. Nobody's going to be either one of those. WDQA and hello. Hi, I'll speak to Neil. Speaking. Neil. I got two names for the list. Okay. I got a list of blockharts for me. Right. And Richard gear for my girlfriend. Okay. Richard gear. Boy, perfect. Thanks, pal. Have a good day. You too. You got a list of blockharts. Can we say that? No. Polista. And Richard. Now, I want to put you play that thing. I doubt it. Seriously. Come on. I'm going to burn. I'm going to burn. Anything you have to do with him. Is what? Is what is obscene? Huh? That's like that. Let's see how far will you get? Okay, that's enough of that, I guess. We don't want to get into that durable business. Oh no. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. WCWM, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Make sure to come back to the leader Monday night to watch your Florida Panthers take on Ron Francis and the rest of the Carolina Hurricane. Is that what it says? Oh yeah. Through 17,000 people there, I'm Ron Francis. Oh my. Oh sir. Anyway, I think what they need is more Europeans. Go send. Go. Okay. Yeah. Let's write now for a good chance it could be the Leafs and the Senators in the first round. Number 4 and 5 seeds and East and Conference. Of course, you know what that means sir. Huh? Absolutely. Bye bye, sins. There already psychologically debilitated just from the prospect of playing the Leafs and the Ploughs. In addition, which during the regular season this year, the Leafs already splints the season series against the sins. I'll take Marty have that. You can have Ron Francis or our lean Francis. The Carolina Hurricanes and Ron Francis. Are we really seeing that in this video, Spishman? Oh, so sad. So sad, Clarence, so pathetic. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound fight. And by the way, speaking of Clarence, don't forget. This is the important part of the only reason we're here today to remind you about this. Log out at WQM.com and make your bids for the first and QAM online auction. This is so exciting. I'm just about to pee in my pants. I can't even get a body. You know what? They've got lots of great sports items. Ports. Apparction. So log on. Register and start bidding at WQM.com. You're embarrassingly Ports. Of the anxious and obsessive station. The auction ends tomorrow 3 p.m. Now, speaking of obnoxious, what's the story with Joe Costello? Is he coming back or not? We don't know yet. Yeah. At least I don't know yet, maybe other people. In other words, not enough pay days have gone blind to save enough money for the Beastlies that they might put them on their against solo. See, you were right above. About one thing, and that is the whole idea of having four people on I'd show. I mean, from 2 to 5 in a morning, what does it take for people to do 3 hour overnight show? I don't know. I mean, Joe told me it took 2 of them to hold the bitch down by I mean, other than that. Not necessarily. We'll talk about Carlos that way. Oh. Hi, guarantee Joe wouldn't be holding that thing down. Oh, God, does he hate that creature? I would say he hates a freaky Carlos worse than anybody. I shouldn't be saying that, though, because it might not get his good back. And they probably realize that Joe does that great Saturday morning a race car or show of his. With there is nobody else on the station. I know squat about auto racing, so they need him back for that big time, right? Right. Let's get Joe Costello back and quit dittling around. Okay, quit screwing around with everybody's life, Greg. All right, I'm going to drink you and your buddy. See, you know what they say about judge somebody by their friends. Yeah. Take a look at the list. You know, screw in. The water not see. Gary Sarner. Yeah. Keep going. I'm doing the list in my head. Pretty sad, pretty embarrassing. 1256 and 516 WQM. It's the last morning, 118. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. Zero closing costs. Zero application fee. Zero credit for your offer even zero discounted points you pay. So get the new low interest rate of just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payment to just 3.34 a month. If you have a 200 thousand dollar loan your pay only 608 a month. What's not to like? And don't forget, once you be fine answer good new home mortgage for financial group you'll never ever pay those obnoxious unnecessary closing costs again. So call today. Get all the information there is positively no obligation. Call 1. 866395 land. And get the low rate mortgage you deserve. Then move to the next property with no further cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fee. Zero dock fees. Zero closing costs. In when you move to the property. So why that question? Zero. Get the new low rate finance. Just 1.25%. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. Call 1. 866395 land for details. And never ever pay those closing costs again. 1. 866395 L.E. And either an equal housing lender. Restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly 4.21 APR. 5. Local. 866. 866. 30. 30. Your. Q.A.M. Just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. 1. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.Pç-N-Only Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. and a front against Bush however small. Just pick it off to throw a, monkey went to the works again. Following a speech on the environment at Georgia State Nader Stepra visit tax on Bush, describing the Republican and come at a giant corporation residing in the White House camouflaging as a human being. At the same time he prodded Kerry the presumptive Democratic nominee to push traditional Democratic values of helping working families, he said Democrats in general need to be reminded of that. Yadi-yadi-yadi. Kailaust Ralph, New Idiot. And those people are playing out voting for Ralph Nader. I got news for you. Ha ha ha. We got a surprise and stir for you people. We have these. In fact, you know what Kerry's people are going to do when they have the meeting with the Nader? I can tie him up. Put him in a broom closet to lay Oceans over. That's all that's what they got to do. Nothing. No, no harm. No physical harm. We can't advocate that. Although, let's see, here's one for the poll. Says Steve Bushemmy and Owen Wilson says this, thaxer. Got him? Got him. How's that big Wilson son? Yeah, better fact, Big Wilson son. Wasn't his name Jay? Wasn't he, uh, I don't know, both of them. Five six seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. So, Mahayak has surged into first place. They'm a famous person who isn't all that great looking, but you think is hot. Some of 88 Christina Aguilar or 71 Sandra Bullock's making a move. I think that's just to piss me off. 44 Kristen Dunst 40 Renee Russo. I have no idea who Renee Russo is. Should I feel bad about that? No, she's been in movies. Yeah, used to be a model. Yeah. By the way, don't forget Stacey Dash is our sunshine girl the day behind to be the curtain. If you're over the age of 80 and it doesn't do anything anymore, then you're permitted to look at it, but several forms of ID required. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. Okay. How about, um, demi more? Demi more. Right. I remember what she used to be demi more like you said. Right. And there's one more thing. Can you play that on, um, cross dressing cowboy song? Oh, uh, uh, you know, transvert cowboy transvestite on tree transvestite. Something like that. All right. All right. All right. Well, you're in a shot. Okay. I don't know. What do you think? I think it might be okay. Okay. Well, I got a two-term seminar. Go truck in coast coast. Oh, like Marid. I like the room, but it's not what I love most. There's a gal I left in first school. So we young fine name rose and the best dying fun in the bathroom. She lets me wear her clothes. Well, I'm proud to be the country transvestite. And I love the world. The girls go all day. Lacing bra, a friend of mine, a silk and neck of Jane. Now I'm still a macho, tough guy. And I hope you'll understand how's more with a big black mustache. Here's a six pack in my hand. But when I go out for him, I do it with twins. All were a strapless evening down in a nose day. All my ribs. Yeah, I'm proud to be country transvestite. That's a good thing. I love the world. The girls close all day. All right, close my lips. She's my heart. Sleep in loads of rain. Now I like the way I'm living. Don't get me by my clothes. I'm an old American human. I love legs and I hold. So don't look at me for it. Or I'll put out your lights. And the last thing you remember, there's a fucker in fish that ties. Just I'm proud to be country transvestite. And I love the world. The girls close all day. I didn't lift. I didn't hit my tray. Blades on display. Yes, I proud to be country transvestite. And I love the world. The girls close all day. Stouling me with something beautiful. I tend to us on my way. Yes, I proud to be country transvestite. I get these kind of holes on here. Hope I don't get our runs. You know, I hate that. I hate that. You know when you chip your nail and that thing flakes all flat just terrible. You know, you gotta go back home just to do nail-puller Jones. I would take them up. But I mean, you could put it all in part that you wouldn't have to do it every day. You know what I'm playing? I could use the bubble buy up. I really could. And I'm going to go to a shop. And speaking of all of that, that was pretty squeaky clean. Wasn't it? It was the string clean. Yeah, I mean, I'll have fun. But it was okay. I'm glad he called in because it's it's a great addition to the program. We will have people calling with bits of him still play. Because there's so few. I think they're about five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line. W to Q a.m. Hello. Pretty good. How about you play butterfly Oh, sure. Well, what could it look at be bad in that? That's not bad, right? No. All right. All right. And kills some good time, too. I didn't realize we were doing like all requests Monday, but this kind of ties them with the poll we did Friday and over the weekend about the sounds and the bits we can't play. And we're trying to find like just a few that we. It's daddy. Daddy, daddy, you stop me. My short Daddy, you're Daddy, you're a loser I would definitely my pants. I think mommy treats on you. It's a little my class My is a man, man. I'll be here Daddy, why don't you get a job? Daddy, you smell like beer and drop me out of high school Daddy, I'm pregnant I don't know who the father of half the turn checks are passed I drove the car into a tree Can you just send me some cigarettes? Hang out on a dose for the brightening room Dad, I'm getting married again Dad, that's my ass I think I have stuff like that Hey pop, we're moving in Dad, I asked him to use I'm a lesbian I think at a beginning part that was the only place where I was nervous for a little girl says daddy used suck I mean, it was a little bit concerned there but after that it was like sliding right off a log, you know Can't say sliding It was like falling right off a log 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQAM hello Yes sir Any allow a user pretty good How about the gym manager's one note of red event The grand event sucks during huh? Okay, don't say it She's about as sexy as a Mangled grasshopper, but hey, what put around here? There we go, hello for Grand event sucks during that's SUST ERN I've just mentioned that just in case Josh has a little bit of a spongebob Vensus during got it how's Maris greasy as doing by the way? Oh, it's fine Oh Seriously, let me take a look because she got any votes. Oh, yeah, Maris Laci agrees he has she's got six votes look at that She's evil one ahead of Angie Dickinson Which is kind of scary when you can write down her in fact Maris greasy as is tied with Kelly Osborn and Leo to Caprio I think that's a good dog That's a hell of a good family right here, you know good family put him on family feud bring back Richard Dawson Poor Richard Dawson, I'm stuck. I'm starting to feel like Richard Dawson like old incoherent Pretty soon making like mumbling sounds eating we teen a lot stuff like that Once I get over my allergies though, I'll be alright. This is uh, I notice nobody called about What is it I'm taking reactin right? Escazina what that is it's a zirtek is the West name. I don't even know why it has a different name It's probably because all these cheap bad Canadian drugs that are imported from a Somalia or somewhere dangerous poison right But at least it's over the counter dangerous poison which are lucky I have to go and get ripped off by some Dr somewhere and pay a hundred bucks for a visit so we can write your prescription for the honor of writing your prescription Right doc how's my good friend Dr Pdo and by the way I wonder how he and of course my old good friend that he's the work for Dr P I wonder where he's uh cool and out 12 at a sector one at five sixty W to QA and have your hungry new one a break from the kitchen Here's a place to take the whole gang for a big pig out get ready Josh again two for one today The Emerald Coast wants to take care of all the cooking with a fantastic feast fit for a king or queen A prince a princess a popper you can start your mouth watering eating experience with six different soups and then it got Zillions and endless array A fantastic food New York strip made order and their sizzling Asian grill along with a brand new seafood say Jacques and Lane Du Laan Enjoy or stay on a half shell a last-gonstokrab middle neck clams in jumbo Scat beer v night if you still have room and at public ears try the handcar primary They're new brand new time special these two they've got a full salad bar brand new sushi bar and fresh Cocktail too Emerald Coast won't leave you with a big MSG headache because they don't use any MSG They don't use any cornstarch They cook only with the finest cholesterol free oils the finest ingredients So everything is fresh. You'll have a big smile on your post and you'll be as they say in Where is it? Siberia because doesn't public In fact, I think it could be do say that in Russia they sent you two Siberia and there's a full desert station Tookie of any room left at the end they've got bells and waffles and pies cakes Pastries ice cream and other favorite toppings to even fresh fruit and there's nothing like a fresh fruit Believe me. I know Emerald Coast relocations for you. They're in sunrise panel at a 44th street They're on columns average just not the 163rd north Miami Beach also at the intersection of the Mingle and Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pines take the whole family or book your next business lesson right now and let the folks at the Emerald Coast do the cooking for you Maybe you'll see a little very jack as Greg we there with a little brown sack take out and look we're always available to call nine five four five seven two thirty Twenty two did you know the bears got a little brown sack? No that's nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet Double you Return to Martha Stewart living in prison Hello, I'm Martha Stewart and today I'll be adding some well-needed cheer to this other wide drab Cinder block jail cell I wanted to add some lovely brighter and window treatments I made out of an old prison jumpsuit But since this cell has no windows I've decided instead to apply some colorful wallpaper I salvaged from old issues of my magazine in the prison library Oh how rude of me I've forgotten to introduce my cellmate Taikwisha later she'll show us how to make a delicious a ferretif out of some rubbing alcohol and potato peels She's pilfered from the prison cafeteria now back to that paper hanging project Oh here that particular bell means it's time for our weekly shower And that's a good thing Okay, join us tomorrow when I'll show you how to turn an ordinary stainless steel toilet into an extraordinary Aranium flatter until then that's next time on Martha Stewart living in prison 19 at five sixty W to come for Martha you know, I was doing some shopping in series yesterday We have a very upscale series here that used to be eaten Yeah, and They got all a Martha Stewart stuff there you know, and I thought poor Martha poor baby So she lied I mean if people are gonna be imprisoned based on the number times that they lie I mean tells you never had lie how many years would Greg be in jail for about 30 man These centuries would Greg read the engine W I Kind of Lisa I'm pulling pal and rummy crummy rummy Yeah, and the Richard Pearl I'm And poll will put what's I turn the man anyway Levels a carbon dioxide the amister have jumped abruptly raising fears the global warming maybe accelerating out of control Oh my god measurements by US government scientists show that concentrations of the gas the main cause of the climate exchange Rose by a record amount over the past 12 months It's the third success of year, which they've increased sharply making an unprecedented triennial surge Scientists there at last were explained while the rapid rises taken place but fear that could show the first signs that Global warming is feeding on itself with rising temperatures causing increases in carbon dioxide Which then go on to drive the thermometer even higher? Well, yeah, well you're not sees good in they tend to stick us all on the oven anyway, right? Right, that would be a deeply alarming development suggesting that the self reinforcing heating could spiral upwards beyond the reach Huh, of any attempts to combat it The development cult comes as official figures show that Britain's emissions of the gas so are by 3% last year Prices fast as near before The increased caused by rising energy use and burning less gas and more coal and power stations jeopardizes the government's target of reducing emissions by 19% by 2010 A lot of gas crushed we can't play that sound anymore because it's bad gas is bad, okay, and it's expensive too now Let me take some more calls, but before we leave. I want to just this is great from Comfort from a center from our can progress Jonathan Shell Condoleezer-Wise's credibility gap a point by point analysis of how one of America's top national security officials has a severe problem with the truth Like I said how many centuries you got to be in a slimy Lion nasty bitch who the hell is she kidding? Yeah, but Right I'll get to that WQA and hello Yes, sir And back to you Paris Hill, do you think is sexy? A lot of people I guess got worked up by the video who really are desperate Okay, thanks pali we'll put around here I mean we got Christina why not put another skanky needle nose bitch, right? Right let's give those two at the top a little run for their money. Paris Hill and shoot me a lot of votes. Oh my I mean You think is hot. No, like I said she won't give any votes. She's grotesque and she's about as hot as Yeah, which is Bracom WQA and hello QAM That line one man. It just really does it WQA and hello Speaking Gary I'm talking about Gary. Yes. What happened to you? Really I'm gonna get a car with Gary. Give me some oxies. I mean I'm just a joke you Yeah, it wouldn't surprise me Thank you That's it. I bet you that's one of the two guys that was on the play with me to Amsterdam at that time Who's good buddies? Oh, man. We bust this balls and we bust this ball Huh, do we we bust this balls or my hand? We we yeah always share bust this ball Yeah, I mean not you know not bad guys if so for the fact they told me 80 billion times how they bust the the scariest Balls can we say ball sure we can it's a sports station I don't care whether Donna Shalily likes it or not If it isn't Donna Shalily then it's a Michael Powell and if it's not him it's Michael cops and then it's the the word police and everybody all over us man What happened all of a we woke up one day and all of the things that we were like used to it vanished. They just disappeared They just took our freedom is right away and what are they arguing about whether we should say under God the pledge of allegiance You know, I mean I have feelings about that but don't you think we've got a bigger fish to fry They're yeah like maybe we ought to uh Forced retirement for William Rinkwist and just as Scalia and clearance token Thomas not a bad idea WDQA and hello Yes, sir This meal sounds all right. Yeah, you're right on about condolences. She is We're Absolutely and can you imagine these European leaders and the people are so they have to deal with this person It's unbelievable and also did you see that guy armoratrage when he spoke that we've already jim that redneck Go fight it's unbelievable the peasers these are the people that The light representing this country is unbelievable and Thanks and keep it going and I missed the far-down. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Oh That was a raspberry just let that out of him. Yeah, it was a reflex action. What if we do it for real and it just happens to go on the air No fart sounds okay. They didn't put any adjectives on it real imaginary no fart sound Good raspberry. Yeah, it's okay. Okay, but no Because I'm an awfully gassy today and that you see I'm thinking about this crowd that he brought in all the retrets You know all the old crowd from the Reagan and the Bush one years the rummisfeld and woofowards and Richard Puro and Cheney and all these other Right wing fanatic a lot more bid neocon lunatics and then he brought in a bunch of his own incompetent clowns like condolences For example and Karen who is the right raced off back to Texas so she don't have yet to be a mommy and call roe was a roving maniac To see how much dirty politics they can play how much how much smear they can do I mean how from a moment it became obvious to carry head to democratic nomination wrap up how many seconds did it take Before they used misfuds at self-hating faggot with the lights whirling on a website Oh, here it is used the big inside school. It's bigger than monochino and all I crap about carry any intern which turned out to be nothing but a pure big pile of experiment And that one didn't stick and you'll say be and of course, but I'm waiting for now that now that they really are paying in their pants over the Whichard cart business waiting till the blurry flint bull comes out if it really does this summer I'm trying you ain't seen nothing yet rubbing my hands together Wow, what would we think about a president who will line about Not gonna up some broad and taking it to the abortion clinic driver than again these are just the rumors Which we heard right before the last election and Somebody have an ugly kind of spirited her away for a while made it an offer she couldn't refuse Maybe with the Holy Spirit that might have been it. S male he'll tell you 26 past one at five 60 WQM if you're in a dead end job if you don't have enough money the like two nickels to rub together Probably because you don't have any skills well if you do want to get trained here's the easy way to do instead of wasting four years on college And a cash to go along with it, which I'm sure you don't have pick up the phone a color friends at fast train today tool free at one 86 fast train They could have you trained in certified for a great high paying computer network professional career in just four short months time What's not to like fast train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule? They offer you job placement as systems financial aid the guys who qualify too and fast train with seven Continuous locations to serve you as bound to have one convenient to where you live So don't delay even to hear me talk about these guys for years if you're sick and tear to work in for some Schmuck who's paying your pennies get yourself some training that will help you get a real honest goodness job at a computer industry call toll free one 86 six fast train and just for short months You can be on your way to doing it check them out. I'm about to about the fast train. I'll come and then make that call. I could change your life one 86 fast train 2 a m Kappa and hearty Davidson cafe. There's a new over price theme restaurant in town It's the new is cafe We're all your favorite new zankers are serving up dishes as hot as today's headlines This is Tom Broke and all the your server this evening today's specials are chicken all all are a king and Salmon Donaldson at the news cafe TV's most trusted reporters read your dinner order. I thought tell a property I'm your wait with farble world who's this Justin will all out of wolf princes But sources are recommending the cakey-coolic key. Yeah, sure, but make it snappy. I'm in a hurry Okay, but first if you will a tweet what kind of tweet would you be and the kitchen is always open life at the news cafe I'm Couple and this is the night menu if you're hungry for hard news and great food then tune in to our news cafe and If you don't visit the news cafe All these bad is a rain down wrist Coca reservations for seating is tight like a two smell bathing suit done too long at home from the beach That's it. This place is harder than a new you're a bit or no one 32 at five 60 I guess they haven't been on South Beach to the real news cafe Nope, don't you remember Gianni Versace used to go there all the time? Yeah, everybody remember Gianni Versace and Andrew Kunanan And that glory hole anyway Speaking of a hole. There's a big hole in condolences credibility Big gap For example Clame I don't think anybody could have predicted that they would try to use an airplane as a missile a high-ject airplane as a missile That's what he said may 16th of oh two Fact On August 2001 the president personally received a one-and-a-half page briefing advising him that Osala bin Laden was capable of a major strike against the US and that the plot could include the hijacking of an American airplane In July 2001 the administration was also told that terrorists have explored using airplanes as missiles I'm not gonna read this whole thing. It's been on our website. Crow to kind of leave the rice is credibility yet. Just a little to give you a taste to show you what a lion bitch this is Clame in May 2002 rice held a press conference to defend the administration from new revelations that the president had been explicitly warned about an al-Qaeda threat the airlines obviously 2001 She suggested that Bush had requested a briefing because of his keen concern about elevated terrorist threat levels that summer Fact According to the CIA the briefing was not requested by President Bush as commissioner Richard Benven East did disclose the CIA Inform the panel that the author of the briefing does not recall such a request from Bush and that the idea to compile the briefing came from within the CIA claim in June July when the threat spikes were so high we were at battle stations says condolisa Fact documents indicated before 911 Ashcroft did not give terrorism top billion his strategic plans for the justice department Which includes the FBI A draft of Ashcroft strategic plan from August 9 2001 does not put fighting terrorism as one of the departments Seven goals wrecking it as a sub goal beneath gun violence and drugs By contrast in April 2000 Ashcroft predecessor Janet Reno called terrorism most challenging threat in the criminal justice area Mean while the Bush administration decided to terminate a highly classified program Demonitor al-Qaeda suspects in the US Claim the fact of the matter is that the administration focused on this before 911 said condolisa fact President Bush and vice president Cheney's counter terrorism task force which was created may never convene one single meeting The president himself admitted that I don't feel the sense of urgency about terrorism before 911 I didn't that's what he told Bob Woodward for his book push of war and on and on a goes That's one of the things that had Bradley brought up in the interview that you missed on 60 minutes last night It was pretty good and spider rather see the other guy wanted her Ed Bradley never to a cross like Mel Gibson okay like that guy That phony Jesus I thought he did a pretty good job the phony Jesus speaking of what's wrong with a world guess who says some days there for God Not for sports Let me give you before you taking guess let me give you a guess Before I give little hint the pops How do you like that? Po John Paul then the endothal silly old man a dress said Friday That's what he should be a day for God Oh good not for second diversions like entertainment sports. How do you like that clearance? I knew there was something about this silly old koot that I liked a little bit He says Sunday ought to be a day for God Not a bunch of silly stuff like entertainment and That's right When Sunday loses its fundamental meaning and becomes subordinate to a secular concept of weekend Dominated by such thing as entertainment and People stay locked within horizon so narrow they can no longer see the heavens the pot of Said in the speech to Australian bishops at the Vatican city John Paul criticized the culture of the here and now urging church leaders to lead men and women from the shadows of moral confusion and ambiguous thinking As in thinking a little bit too much about those cute little alter boys The either two-year-old Pope also encouraged Christians especially young people remain faithful to Sunday mass saying these secular Culture was undermining family life. How do you like that huh that old getky he's got some there of donny And this is another thing that they always do the Catholic church. They never preached to their own flat That's not good enough. They always liked it if you're in tell the whole world see for your own good You know they're a minority religion they want to tell the whole world how to think in what to do in the idea And what's good and what's bad and which hand to do it with the not too often stuff like that God Just a lot of my getting worked up it's only Monday. I You can save it for tomorrow This is important stuff though Very important. I want you to listen very carefully now. You're right close to your radio Log on to wqm.com and make your bid for the first ever QM online auction We have many great sports items up for auction so log on Register and start bidding at wqm.com one of the least visited websites in America the auction ends at 3 p.m. tomorrow Currence is just squeezing himself he's so excited about that now you know I said squeezing himself that of course is a quadruple on time So don't be saying that no more, okay? No 560560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello You want no off yeah, okay again WQAM hello Yes, sir. Hey, no. How you doing? Pretty good. Well listen, you know you're saying about the Pope Yeah, you know you say he's Catholic but I kind of wonder sometimes he could be a Lutheran too You know or Protestant why is that? Because I don't think he knows what he's doing He's so senile you know When are the ones you say that the catholic church doesn't know what it's doing exactly? They don't go no They don't know what they're doing. They're just a bunch of smuck on wheels and they're just All that he's in the right and he fits in like your rubber glove if I can still say that Thank you very much exactly. No, mm-hmm. Have a good day and have a great day You have any idea what he was talking about, but that's okay. He meant well he's intentions were good He was trying to say the purpose of a little like a scene-out old man who can barely he can barely move as a good thing You know I mean stop and think about it just for a few seconds I'm done and God created the heaven and the earth These are people didn't even know that there were any other planets They didn't know there were other planets They didn't know anything And people today are busy killing each other and bushering each other and threatening each other because they want to for They want to force their form of superstitious crap on everybody else I'm in a handful of thinking that's why I so said that Peter used them out that he was 82 Which isn't really really old you know He was a brilliant guy Good guy. He was something that doesn't work in the world anymore cerebral how many cerebral people are there besides Baba wall wall Tom Boko Lawaking King right cerebral people people are real deep thinkers. I said thinkers that's thinkers 21 till two we got the mad dog at who let's get back into that sports stuff baby We got the draft coming up soon right we got that draft coming You can smell that peace skin in the air I hope it's piscan And not forsaken because we're in deep crap if we say that 20 till two at Q a m Here's sports radio five cc's you and you and On the cap if you're one of the millions of people who've been praying to hear the Pope singing on his own CD Your prayers have been answered now through a special arrangement with the Vatican his holiness is back and he's singing better than ever on the Pope Sing Me to myself It's for juggle Yes, it's Pope John for the second singing songs that will lift you up and make you get down He's the earth around the starting play that organ music Why are boy Play that organ music Great Play that organ music why boy Play down and boogie and play that organ music till I die It's might be so the Pope sings give you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner of the couple bill On the other stop and he's the partner and on the CD he's the boss You should be playing things You should know go begin Think at the church play high sticks if you want to You're having to put if you lose your shots so come out and play bingo Be be be be be be be be Be a Oh I Wait a minute chief the Pope sings is available now with a special introductory price get it and save yourself $5 $1.45 656 we're less than 300 Singers behind Texas for second place on the stop fcc.com. I'm hit parade all right We can get there by the end of the show tomorrow, but I mean you know granted just for fun at part of it I know a lot of you out there have just said on your ass Haven't that oh, I'm afraid I don't want to put my name on there. They're gonna come and give me well. That's all right George will be yeah, yeah, right no problem And then once the earthers they were gonna have some details about how they can contribute so we can start that fun Race and cash to get the ad and you I say that they really put this on the map because if we're gonna sit back and wait for the people with an National audience to promote this if they were already doing it we'd already had them in in signatures Capit What don't you think so if the people with the National audience I don't want to mention names are you? Yeah, right We're or even Howard sperm who's on a 36 major markets himself and The goddess is the one with the era America starts Wednesday It's not an airline. It's a new liberal network. Al Franken the goddess Randy Rhodes And who else is gonna be on her? Do you need a raffle I think right and about your other people and nobody ever heard of they're all gonna be on there and They're gonna bet you know, so maybe we can get in the help out although like I said look at a Randy's website I have my doubts because locally she's still gonna be on that same station Which is a cheap channel station and everything she's been a jeopardized there. No, we'll see Give it a shot all you a yankas up there and Palm Beach like I said before Colorado come on Randy you've got to help us out Randy you're talking to them Well that'd be something if she's smart you won't take any calls from Florida 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line Did you QA and held not there? Or we ought to call is now is that the end of the show today? Apparently got a lot of so many big things come up like that NFL draft I'm sure that our sports colleagues could use a lot of extra time and of course the exciting conclusion of the panther season I know they're lined up for those free duckets W. QA and hello Hey Neil yes, sir Hey, how you doing today? Okay. I agree with everything you say lately, but you know Just Excuse us from these crazy people. I was watching feet depressed over the weekend and All they're done is making excuses. I think we got to with the country again You know sounds good to me, but whatever half on man you can be another half five six seven 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Wow Name of famous person who isn't all that great looking but you think is hot. That's our poll question on the roger's dot com Some a high-ack 105 Christian Aguilara 77 Miss mouse Sandra Pollock 55 again. That's just a piss me off. Sandra Bullock's just fine Christian Dunst 43 actually jumped 34 Christian R.C. 32 when a Russo 27 Madonna 24 Susan Surrand in 23 Ellen Barkin 22 Jennifer Tilley 20 Lisa Bonne 18 Judy Garrafflow's got 17 and he McDonald's 70 what about right him? Okay, he's still dead And quarters got 16 Nicholas she's got 13. I got news for he's a lot prettier than she is How did he QAM hello? Yes, sir. I got one thing. All right. I don't think she's really pretty but I'm a American does Nicole Richie Nicole Richie have a line over to you Yeah, with his flow. Right. Okay. Thanks, Sally. Nicole Richie. What do you say is she in all that great? She ain't I heard she's hanging out at Newport Richie Guess we're gonna be seeing the track very soon fat Richie right Come in. How do you QAM hello? Hey, you like that so much for your pulse. Okay. Rose McAllon Rose who? Rose McAllon. Let's run with her. Oh my gallon Yeah, she's from charm. Yeah, I want to her a problem. I doesn't she looked good You know she's like vampire white but there's something about it Pacy I think the word you're looking for is Pacy. That's the one. Okay, thanks. But we can't say Pacy's anymore Who put that on there? But I'll say Pacy's oh god Say every time John asked crop here's that word Pacy's he starts reaching for those sheets Which it's a good thing he wears those on his head Wow So that's good thing when a right wing extremist when I have a lot of sheets on and in fact it comes to make keep Martha's store What's a mint come coming in number one and number two it helps them cover up all the unpleasant things like your identity number one And number two all those naked statues. Oh, it's disgusting. It's naked statues It's boobies and body parts and an occasional penis or two. Yeah, holy moly Really, I don't understand. I guess the public is so It's one or two things either they just totally have given up and they don't care That's possible because they've been moving that direction for a long time or there's so shell shockbile this they can't believe it But this didn't just come up out of nowhere. I mean the degree of it of course When crazy after the superbowl thing But the whole business will cover up the statue when it's good to choose super morrow right wing crap This has been going on. It's been creeping in for the whole three years plus now nothing brand new And a 20 general that covers up breasts on naked statues And the rest of the world doesn't know what the laugh cry or peel chickie does been in But they see that we're lagging in the wall They probably They You say none eleven is what they got you You You It's a 154 man the pain is almost over man. I'll be here to the Humperate floor from Shulastake too Big big game tonight Panthers hosting the Carolina Hurcunes and the ghost around Francis At 730 pre game at 7 o'clock and then any cap for the game See what we got name a famous person who is at all that great looking but you think is hot George said he likes mad demon Okay, I just but you relax. It's just a little joke. Okay, man. You get so antsy. Although you did say Oh, you knew what's his name. Elaine Dillon personally. Yeah, we go way back. You hang out together. Yeah But I guess I guess a pretty good acting was good in this movie a purple purple haze purple moon Purple people leader he was damn good And I'm sitting there and I'm watching Chris it has no significance to you because you didn't see the town that mr. Ripley and you just add him But you will oh well when you get it for free, then you'll take a peek at it. It's straight some a high-ack one-o-ade Christine Aguilera 81 Sandra Bullock 58 Kristen Dunst 45 Ashley's dud 37 Christine are reaching 33 Renee Russo 26 about a 26 Ellen Barkin 24 Susan's around in 23 Jennifer till a 21 Lisa about a 18 Andy McDonald 18 Roddy McFell don't have any yet to any grapple 17 And Colors got 16 nickless J14 you are the whole show we had one woman color today Right she was very nice and very good, but the whole show this is this should be so much right up there alley I can think of so many of these guys that the female's there oh he don't look all I could but man. He's really sexy. He's really nothing So I think that last book what a show do you have any women we got nothing WQM line nine hello Excuse me Oh We call I'm sure you do That was the sensational I feel so much better now. You know I think I got the wrong number you check as my phone head what? We don't have any prizes for a yeah, no, but will be price WQM hello Yes, sir See that cool there you go. She was such nothing in the form anymore See they ain't even look warm no more. I'm gonna make it fun to see because he wants to start up again all over Yeah, he was really hot or it whatever the hell was oh don't start up on that business again You get all those who your those all upset all those pics too bad He was grow test couldn't sing but other than that I'd die in my talent WQM hello WQM hello Yeah, I'm gonna say Ingrid Bergman that's an ingredient wordman was interesting. Yeah, she was yeah a lot of people thought she was a she was a sex symbol But she looked like a guy should pick hands in grid bird And it was your favorite baby stuff like that She played she was a Joan of Arc Correct She got burned at the stake it burns right What about oh I got another one I want to put on there Linda Blair Okay, I mean she's I her facially she's like kind of like There was a great photo you we ought to put that on there again. I got more from that. Yeah. Yeah. Oh good Once this this week one day don't forget let's get another Linda Blair. I was shocked I couldn't put it You poor little Linda ever developed in the bad. Oh yeah Man how she but but facially though she she was never had a really great face. You know She faced like I'll tell you who I'll tell you who else now You'll resist putting this on there probably we shouldn't put it on there but I saw her on biography in this weekend And I don't care what anybody says and then it's very subjective and to each its own and I'm this old Fagging what do I know I'm gonna tell you Merlin Monroe facially was not all like great look Great reach oh good. Then let's put that on there. She had great body right from men to sex appeal What are the great sex goddesses of all time maybe at the top of the list but facially she was You know come see come saw attitude In fact, I think even George would have good mid that Elaine Dillon whatever his name is back in the day was probably pretty and she was I had a real party mayo yeah And then they've only used it a lot too from what the stories are but no Everybody at least he's spread it around No, he has something good he's spread it around. I'm not I'm not I'm not they were do that line I'm not going there boy friend that like when we're near that line Anyone gonna tell you the mad dog who tried to stay as far away from line as possible that's why he was out there as the old tight-end He's coming up next no number 88 the homperies at four then of course the big game of the season of the century They're her coins and they floored a pathers at the macaroon a seven o'clock pre-game 732 now Let's go on a little locker room in pump pump pump pump