King is dead, long lived the king. Did you know the king was dead? The king of pop? The king is dead. The king is dead. The king is dead. The king is dead. I got to the king. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Get a drink of 8, Diddly Harley, You is a silly poeply scooper. You are alive. You have to lift your legs. You're a late. You're sliding hands and down the house. You can't stand the fire. You can't stand the fire. And Charles tells him how he would life. Eating noodles, eating like butter bombs or eggs. Holyibles Jada, the cheese. Got sure the בדales, with lunch on it. You go to not rotty burger spot. Eat the burger and give it to yourself. Eat the burgers, the cheese while Nicole isрейng. Come on. Or you love that가y. You want bread boiled? Why House of Facial says, Combo Lisa will testify in public under oath. It can't do the pressure, huh? So all of this crap about, oh, but it's principal, limits about precedent and we have a bad president and all of this stuff, but we only have a bad president. But, being Congolese arrives up there while they are certainly denied the enormous political pressure to do so. Because Democrats and others have said that they don't want to, it this perhaps might be showing that she is something in the hide and also questioning why she will go out and television shows and not go under oath and testify. Yeah, if everything is so top secret, I come she's on 60 minutes and eat the press and face the nation and space out of this. How come that? So now all of a sudden, under enormous pressure from the public and the everybody else, condolese is, she says, I want to testify under oath no less. Under oath, she is a nasty, miserable, hateful and this is how it's what she is, lying bitch. Anyway, got some bad news, well, first of all, the king is dead. I don't think I'm ever going to be the same again after. And I only found that my bad luck, you know? Yeah, you're sitting here waiting for this show, and I'm channel surfing, and there on the IFC, which is one of my very favorite channels independent film channels. There are a lot of good flex and a lot of good little documentary kind of pieces. And it was called taking care of Elvis. And I thought, what could this be? I think he did. And it's a documentary showing the pilgrimage, and that's the way they use the pilgrimage of a large group of Australians to Graceland to worship the king. That's very encouraging. And I have seldom in my life seen anything that may be one of just hurls so bad. Oh, God, it was just, I mean, they're just ain't no hope. They're ain't no hope, man. Everything is a cult. Everybody's worshiping this one and Jesus and Buddha and Joseph Eme, right? Elvis and this one and that one. And I think what they're already desperately trying to say would take good doing about a second would be, I have no life. Right. Get your own life. Quilt worried about Elvis. He's, can you imagine how he must smell by now? Wow. Right. Pretty rachi in that box. Oh, brother. I don't know what to say anymore. I just, that, that just erased any little, I ought to hope that I had for the human race. At least they were Australian. And now let me ask you how many now that Alistair Cook has died. How many people do you think are going to be flucking to his grave side? Well, me for one. Yeah. Bad news. Alistair Cook died. He died. The broadcaster who had put him eyes high-brow TV as host of Masterpiece Theater and omnivis be for that. And whose letter from America was a radio fixture in Britain for 58 years has died. He was 95, which certainly is old enough. He did have how pushy eyebrows didn't it? I think 90's old enough. Yeah, him and Andy Rooney. Probably had the bushy eyebrows. I'm talking to you. What was the guy, Jean Schallet? Oh, yeah. Remember him? What are mess? What a sloth. They used to do the movie. Hey, that was critical. The situation. That was the look. Doesn't he still? And he's a really bad critic, by the way. Is he really? Yeah, yes. Is he his bad as that screaming queen? I don't hear anything. Rex Reed. How's she doing? I understand Rex Reed may be a low-pandwood misfudge this week. Is what I'm hearing. That's a real stir. Yeah. Anyway, Alistair Cook died at his home in New York at midnight. Right at the stroke of midnight. And that's something? A spokeswoman at the BBC's press or a facet. No cause of death was given. McCook had retired earlier this month because of heart disease. And I'll ever tell you about that. Yep. That when I was in Europe this last time on a BBC, they had a piece on it about how he was retiring under advice from his doctor. And at the time we just all walk, because he's 95 years old. That's old enough. That bad, bad ticker, which is why he only lived to 95. I've had much enjoyment in doing these talks and hope that some of it's past over Lister's to all the whom I thank you for your role. And goodbye, he said goodbye when he stepped down on me advice of his doctor. Prime Minister Tony Blair expressed sadness at the broadcasters death. He died. So Alister Cook died. He was on Amnabas. He was on Masterpiece Theater. He was a just a real intellectual. Yesterday Peter used to know I'd died and today Alister Cook died. Has died. So like I told George before to show today the IQ of the world has dropped significantly for the last 48 hours. That'd be really bad. But I'll tell you who's still around. Who's still around? Oh, the king. He'll always be around. The king. Seriously, if I... I don't know what to say about this whole thing because this business about the program in kids from cults. I think that maybe a majority of the people in the world have got some cult that they remember of. In fact, a lot of people maybe more than one. Yeah, whether it's the red and fact, wouldn't you assume they're like most of those people that split the gray slime most of them southern red and he kind of. They're like the real, you know, church in the Sunday school kind of crowd. A trailer park trash kind of crowd. And just kind of like Elvis is family. And he slept with mommy until he was how old? About 30 man. And the same bed. Now, I don't want to say that Elvis had a few psychological problems from a really grotesque bizarre upbringing. But how many guys do you know that sleeping the same bed with mommy until they're about 30 man? Huh? You haven't anywhere like that? He was just quirky. Is that what it was? Maybe she was a little bit quirky. Maybe that might have been it. Don't be blaming Elvis. The king. Maybe that explains some of his later neuroses and all of these things and all them cheegrovers and stuff like that. I've made just do the whole show. I may pay all Elvis today, which of course we'd have no audience at all, but I'm not going to do that. Just a little bit. That's enough. And I'll kind of plot to blast London was dramatically spoiled by the Polish today. 700 police whooped in a series of six o'clock raids this morning, which would have been one o'clock in the morning our time. In the capital and the home counties, they found a half a ton of fertilizer explosives, enough for a series of terrorist spectaculars it says. The terrorist suspects arrested by police have believed to have chosen soft targets for bombings. Oh look at this. $657 a year. And get this. They have a website, which will tell you the average American voter how much John Kerry's gas tax would cost your family. The press release says planning a trip. Oh God. I thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices, by the way. The terrorist suspects arrested by police have believed to have chosen soft targets for bombings, including pubs and clubs. Pubs and clubs and going to kill some slubs. One of the suspects being held had a job at Gatwick Airport immediately raising concern over airlines and pastures. A total of eight men, all of them British citizens of Pakistani descent. See what I'm saying? Pakistan, he just said, when are we ever going to get with it? Okay, what is Saudi's in the pack? They be launch a couple of months old. Never. To our place we know who is kiddin' who, man. Hey, my mad-of-fell. Who's for name begins with who? Anyway, the ammonium nitrate explosive discovered a self-storage warehouse in Hanwell, West London, and have now been made safe. Well, that's good. London's still there. But what it's worth still in one piece. Quite frankly, I think the Brits are mostly a piece of, well, you know, can't say that no more. Let's take a look at who's at our thing today. Let's look on a bright side, all look quite frankly, from a personal standpoint. I don't think this is all that bright. How did this come about? Somebody asked for it yesterday. I think you played the deceit for this. Sure, it was me. Why is that? I don't know. I'm lying. No, no, seriously, who came up with this idea? Uh, faxor? Lucy Luh. Man, she is nasty looking. But anyway, what's wrong with her? What's wrong with her? She's a gross. She is grotesque. I mean, there's a lot of beautiful Asian women. She doesn't, unfortunately, doesn't have to be one of them. Take a look at that face, man. Woo. But anyway, if, oh, so Josh likes Lucy Luh. A lot, a lot of guys do. What do you know, what? We just gave you a permission slip. You can have her, okay? Yeah, different, different, different. Different, slight on your life. She's on yours. Middle of the pack. Yeah. George, on a rough day when, uh, there's no other way. When Brittany was busy on a really brutal day, he might, you know, just to kill some idle time. Lucy Luh. Anyway, she's behind the beaten curtain today. Our sunshine girl that they such as it is. I think she's a big. But anyway, she would, why? I think she's grotesque. I don't, I look. I don't want to move. I've had a lot of arguments about her with people. And I guess it appeals to a certain taste. You know what taste that is? Bad taste. Okay. September 2nd, 1968 in Queens, New York to Chinese immigrants in Queens. She's been in a Zin in movies. My god, killed Gilvile him too. Game over. Kill Bill Vyamon. Charlie's Angels full throttle. Chicago, Cypher, Ballistic X versus Sever, Sever, whatever that is. Tom Sever's in a movie. SSX Tricky, hotel, Charlie's Angels. My god, she's been in more movies than, then you can shake your stick at. Look at this. I'm shaking it down. During a choir, bang, protozoa. Ben Wozong, hang. Love kills fly paper. Alemek Beal, the TV series. And on true crime, mating habits of the earthbound human. And play it to the, oh, we can't say, boom. So there you go. Lisa Lewis behind the meeting. Curtin, if you're over the age of 75, have 15 different pieces of ID. Have a side note for both your grandparents. And if John Askcroft don't turn his eyes upside down when you click the thing on your website, then you can take a peek at it real quick. Keep your hands up or your attorney general can see them. Okay, above the table. See, I think the best idea to combat that is get like a fake pair of hands like a dummy. You know what I mean? Sure, they sell them at the novel. Right, Sony hands and just have those up in here. And then the attorney general think they're your hands. Oh, speaking of dummy's guess what movie was on last night. Again, pin. Okay. Have you seen that now? No, not yet. Yeah. And Aaron, it's really very strange, very bizarre. It's pretty good though. I think you'd like it. I'll give it a shot. Aren't no fags in and I think you might like it. Oh, actually. I'm not too sure about him, but anyway, about the dummy. 12 minutes after 10 at 5.60, WQM, we got a lot of fish to Friday day. Maybe a lot of ground to cover even the world at killing time to 11.30 Thursday morning. When the trends come out. Because I don't want to like be a build it up more than it is. It's not a complete rating book, but this Thursday morning, we'll see exactly what direction everybody's going. Including some of those cheap channels, such stations that everybody out there supposed to be saying, bye bye, too. Just remember that's our motto when 2004 was don't listen to the cheap channel no more. Just tell them, bye bye. That's correct. Hey, if you're an aded in job, like maybe in a board off at the clear channel. If you're underpaid and overworked, like maybe in a funky for PD Bozier, how do you like to get yourself a job where you make some real cash where you have a little self respect where you've got some skills. You can do it in no time at all. Because if you call our friends at Fast Train Tool free at 1-866 Fast Train, they can I get trained and certified for a high paying, those are the operative two words, a high paying computer network professional career and as little as four short months count them. Or we'll count them for you. That's right. You can be fully trained already for that new career by the end of the summer. Fast train offers day, evening a weekend classes to fit around your schedule. They offer job placement assistance and even they offer financial aid to people who qualify too. What's not to like? Fast trains got 7 convenient locations to serve you too, so there's bound to be one fairly close by you. Don't wait anymore. If you're sick and tired of being on a treadmill with your life, a movie or legs, but not getting anywhere, pick up that phone or call Fast Train today and get the training you need. That's where we'll new high paying career and that big paycheck, like I said, that goes with it. Check them on a web if you liked first at FastTrain.com and then make that call. Do it. Call 1-866 Fast Train and be sure to tell them that Todd Drek. Totally the call. Deal? God? I am so freaking high. What is easier than go to a meeting? See how my name is with me. I've got a long ago, smoke the fire and tear a little blow. I've got a long ago, a little blow, a little blow. I've got a long ago, a little blow. I've got a long ago, a little blow. I've got a long ago, a little blow. I've got a long ago, a little blow. I've got a long ago, a little blow. You found the greatest drug thrown inside of me. Tonight's team hits the big news again. National Security Advisor, Condolese Rice will be allowed to testify in public under oath. In public under oath, what was that? I don't know what that was you. How was that? Was that the way, man? My mom would please. Maybe that was on here. Let's hope. Oh yeah, there it is. Listen carefully now. It's not your receiver. Come on. You can do it. Oh, man. Anyway, kind of leisure will be allowed to testify in public under oath. We've probably commissioned a vestigame in the failure to prevent the 9-11 attacks and administration officials. Send it to the moment ago. The officials said that the Session is conditioned on the Bush administration receiving assurances and the writing from the community. Now, such a step does not set a precedent. Said the officials being on condition of man and the minimum in the insinancy of already got that assurance. It's just kind of like a waste of time. They're going to do it. She's been testified. How do you like that? Kind of leisure. Oh, I think that don't you think that we ought to play the original now? Fifth and nine, right now. Come on, finally. You can do it, huh? I remember the word. I bet you do. Please, Condolese. Anyway, whatever I'm against is good. Oh, let's see. Here's a fact from Stuttering Gilles, who says for information September 28, 2004. The first presidential debate is going to be held at the U of M campus. Of course, the real bastion. Oh, my God. Electrical thinking. U of M campus. How are they going to find you if M campus? Do we know where it is? I don't think there is one. They have a map. Anyway, Gilles says I think it'll be a good idea to call your listeners to go on protest, FCC censorship, which will give to that momentarily. By the way, you people are really laying down. I thought this morning we were going to like past Texas today. And evidently, the guys and Texas are doing something because they're up to 140, what are they up to? 14,120. And Florida's 276 behind the Texas. We were going to move by then like they were laid out. And all of a sudden, you people stopped stop at it. Stop at CC dot com aren't doing it. In fact, that's your assignment between now and two o'clock is the past Texas. I'm not taking over an answer today. It's Tuesday. Mondays over where after your three day vacation for a lot of you with a kids at a school Friday, no more BS and there's a while. Pace of has come in that Easter to bed. Okay. Pace off. And the king. You gotta go pay tribute to the king. Oh, I just my life has been changed and not for the better. I'll pay that by seeing that thing. And if you could have only seen it, they all got to lift candles. It was very a scary. I mean, it just nauseating. Not that I don't know these things go on. I just want to see them because it's a reminder that there are just a lot of crazy people out there. Elvis, the king. Okay. She liked this music. Okay. Does that mean we have to go to Schlepp the Great Land and sit around with candles. And all these pictures and all of this pop in the crap. You Jesus. He was more than just music man. Anyway, you'll say protest, FCC censorship. Put that debate. He says my mind played prison bitch over loudspeaker. That's what we are to the FCC. You're absolutely correct. You'll my school. Thanks for the heads up. Thank you so much. Now, getting back to Lucy Lou. We had a little bit of a glitch there. So I believe the very first start when we first announced their picture was on. We didn't get that at all yesterday with Stacey Dash. So that indicates to me there's something really wrong with the taste of all of you guys out there. Because trust me when I tell you. Okay. So the old queen that I am. Stacey Dash is 85 times high. 50,000 times harder than Lucy Lou will ever dream of being. Okay. I opinion that's a fact. No argument here. Right. And we're because Josh and then there thinks that you know, he just rush. He like he what? Don't single him out. Oh. It's one of those things. Wow. She was Lucy Lou my ass. She was on alley McBeal and everybody thought she was just. She looks like she looks like Lou Diamond Phillips. Of course they thought alley was hot too. Anyway, name of famous person on our police today who isn't all that great looking, but you think is hot. We should have had Lucy Lou on there. You know, we did. Oh, we did have her. Sure. Where does he wind up? Well, oh, she got 36 votes. Oh, maybe that's where this abortion came from today. Some are high. Actually, one going away. I'm am in by almost 100 votes. 233 for summer. Alabama. Christine Aguilara the mouse queen. She got 136. Sandra Bullock 130. And I still am just that. That was just to aggravate me. We had over 18. And we were both both for Sandra Bullock. Just because I made the mistake of making a comment that I thought she was really cute. And it was absolutely nothing wrong with her looks. But, oh, no, you're wrong, Neil. What do you know? You fact. Okay. Actually, Judd 104. Do I think looks a little bit like Judd her. Uh, or is it sunny her? Curst, cursed in Dunstead 83. Christine a reachy 72. Jennifer, tell me 64. Ellen's bark in 61. Madonna 48. Susan, Surrending 47. Demi Moore, which is now Demi Moore 44. I can't deal with people that change their way. You pronounce their name. You know, maybe they didn't change it. Maybe we were just wrong. I mean, some of the athletes like Tony Dorset became Tony Dorset based on what based on the fact that he's some kind of a schmuck. Get out of here, Tony. I was going to say, But I restrain myself. Uh, Jew bear more 42. Renee Russo 41. Jening Garampleau 40. Jackie Johnson 37. Andy McDowell 37. Roddy McDowell had a couple. Lisa Bon A 36. Lucy Lucey, she's there for you to prove today 36. Carol's Helping 35. Why would anybody think that she's hot? Oh, she is. Yeah. And colder 33. Again, there's another one for you, Norx, which are charged. Julia Louise, Dreyfus. And Josh has got Julia Louis Dreyfus 32. Nicholas, shade 27. Of all the guys he was was he not on top of the guys. So, uh, careful. Careful. I say about that. I ain't going anywhere. Nobody has been. Next got 27. Well, number 24 McJagger 24. See that cruise 20. Oh, see that was hot, man. She was almost as hot as the king. I mean, right now. Randy Rhodes 19. Whereas Gracie S. And Gonzalez 19. Ever seen the two of them together? No. I bet you're ready, Mike, over that. Angie Dickinson and Rose McGowan 18. Stevie Tonner and Leo de Caprio 17. There's a pair of for you. Matt Damon's tied with Linda Blair. They each had 15 votes. I'm going to read them all. Kelly Osborne, Courtney Cough, Sean Cotterie, headed 14 apiece. Martha Stewart 13, Sean Pen and Clista Flockard each had 13. Heather Thomas, Amanda Bines and Natalie Mains each had 12. Natalie from the Dixie Chis. Courtney Love 10, Richard Gear 7. Good you're bold and get any. Fade that away six. Ingrid Bergman 6. Jeff Goldblum 6. Jeff Goldblum. Why did she do that to me? She was a good call too. Silvestor Stallone and Owen Wilson and Nicole Richie 5. Marilyn Manson 4. But that's hot. Nancy Grace 3, Steve Buschimmy 3 and Greta van Sustron had a pair. Wow, how much yet a bigger pair than Greeds God. Oh, Greg's on today's poll. That's right. Here's today's poll. Which of these people do you think is the biggest liar? Okay. I think I've got a very good list. Kind of leaves a rise. George W. Boish Richard Clark Michael Moore. John Kerry Bill Clinton, Colin Powell, Donald Rumsfeld, Greg Reed or more Howard David. Absolutely. I think that's a that covers a lot of ground. You know it's a good list. Only a sick twisted mind like yours truly could come up with list like that. Which of these people do you think is the biggest liar? Kind of leaves a rise. W Richard Clark Michael Moore. I know my put a minor just I want to put some. You know right now it's a good people. John Kerry built Clinton on Colin Powell, Donald Rumsfeld, Greg Reed or more Howard David. So that's our poll for today. I like we don't need to add any on there. I'll probably somebody who come up with something. You know that we forgot that I forgot. You didn't add any. You didn't think there need to be any more on there. No, no. Any more. I can we mention how it's before we forget. Oh yeah, how is. Let's thank our good friends at how he's brought the food that they're popping up there at the QM today. Josh has a sub bigger than him. Wow. Maybe you can go underwater with it. So thanks to how he's because of an early they brought a lot more good food. And when I come back to town in a couple of ways to not be bringing me that gigantic 18 rashes of bacon, please. No, no food while you're we love how he's but no food for me. When I back there they did and you're kill me that time with the 725 strips of bacon. I mean I love little crispy bacon, you know, but after the first 600 strips of gets a little bit on a greasy side. You know, well, you must remember the greasy. Don't you bother and Brian. Brian. Hey, Brian, quit falling down and see here Wayne highs in there. Uh, suck that up a little bit to J feet. That was scary. I mean, how can J feet are still being that organization. That is scary. I think that votes very poorly for the coming dolphin season. Anyway, 27 past 10 at 5 60 WQM if you're hungry and you want to break from the kitchen. Let the good people at Emerald Coast cook up a feast that likes a wich you probably have. Sell them seen in your life unless you've been there before then you know I'm talking about. Start out with six different kinds of soups. You can have one or two or all six if you're real cow. And then they've got dozens and zillions of succulent delicious fresh on phrase like New York strip made to order if there's a sizzling Asian grill along with that great new seafood saying shock. They've got your oysters on a half shell. I ask in the stone crab middle neck clams and jumbo. See you. Scampy every night. If you still have any room in your public try the handcar from where their brand new specialties to are of this world. There were fake features of full salad bar our brand new sushi bar and fresh cocktail. And the one great thing about the animal coast is that unlike a lot of Chinese joints. You won't walk out of there with a pounding headache from MSG because guess what? They don't use any MSG folks and they don't use any cornstarch or any other crab only fresh delicious goodies. I'll cook them cholesterol for your oils. And because you deserve it if you have a really humongous appetite, they got a dessert station too. Make a couple of pit stops there. Make a pit stop somewhere else first and create a room for fantastic dessert like bells and waffles. Pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and even fresh fruit. Three locations for the animal coast of in sunrise, Pine Island of 44th Street. There on Collins Avenue just north of 163 in North Miami Beach and also you find the newest animal coast of the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke roads in prestigious geriatric Pembroke pines. So take the whole family on your next door. Your next business lunch in half and right there too. And let the folks at the Emo coast do the cooking for you. Whatever I said take out and deliver you always available to call 9-5-4-5-7-2-3822-9-5-4-5-7-2-3822 for the un-maccable Emo coast Chinese buffet. The first game dockers mobile pants with hidden buckets. Now, comes pants with a special hidden bucket for the man who wants to impress the ladies. Sockers just open the special hidden bucket and insert a pair of rolled-up socks. Then, just wait for the reaction. Sockers patented package predictor prevents embarrassing slippage. While the exclusive banana hammer assures total property. Levi's sockless. A bit of enlarged, Mr. Big, and G-units. A bit of a G-S-S-Fony, old maybe, and small-marts stories. What are you guys thinking about as close to that edge as where we're going to come again? You know, I think it was okay, but it was right up there pushing it. Well, okay. I didn't have any problem with that. Anyway, we forgot to obvious one. Somebody facts us, what about OJ? Okay, I'll put them on there. Certainly rush. How could I forgotten? The market's most famous uphill popper. The rice monster. We just make it up as he goes along. Pills your popper. And what we sure got a lot of votes on there already. Look at that. What's in these people do you think is the biggest liar? If they told you what day of the week it was, you checked the calendar. You'd ask for a second opinion. W34. Bill Clinton, well, just change again. W39. Clinton, the 14, Rumsfeld 13. Condolese is 7. Michael Moore 4, John Kerry 4. Howard David 2, Greg Reed 1, that's my vote. Colin Powell, or Richard Clarkton, have any out of the first 84, but they will. And I'll send Rush and OJ, got that. Now, I'm getting back to stop FCC.com, which tomorrow Thursday. We'll give you the details of how it can raise some money. And put that head in USA today and get that million signatures that Scott up there in New York is trying to put together. We got 123, almost 124,000 on there already. And that's really a miracle. Boy, I got to give him a lot of credit. Because there haven't been any newspaper ads. There haven't been like any. Syndicated broadcasters who are on like a 85 different markets who promoted this unfortunately because most of those people are scared of it. You know, terrified of their own shadow. But when I see that Texas has got us by 276 signatures on here, it gives me great the dismay because we were really smoking, moving right along. We passed Ohio. We passed Pennsylvania. We passed New York, you know? We moved from like number 7 number 3 and no time at all. And then we were in the shooting distance of Texas. California, you can't touch them. They got 17,000, five, something. Because there's 80 billion people in California, right? Most of me legally, aliens, but they still got computers. So they're all signed up on there. But Texas has got us, let's see, about 139 and 132. So that's over 300. Right? No, 139, 132. I'm sorry. It's 271. Not good. So get to stop at CC account. If you're already signed up, what you can do now is email somebody today. You can click right on. There's Scott's got nice convenient thing. You can click where it says tell your friends and it's got an email form. You can just click right and set it off to like I have it as in people. Right? Yes, you can. So we have to make up 271 and pass Texas by two o'clock today, which I'm sure you don't believe we can do. No. Well, I don't either to be honest with you. But I think one thing that we can probably accomplish here before the end of the show. Yeah. You know what that is? Pretty lunch? I'll keep going. Pay tribute to the king is what we can do. You people let's shut the grace land and I'm going to tell you something. Seriously, people are starving and you're taking your money. I realize it's your money. You can do whatever you want, your money, but you're wasting your money. You're slipping to see a dead man to see a bunch of chalk keys in a place where some dead guy used to live. Who sang a bunch of songs. They've got magic powers. Do they really? Talk to kids. If you touch anything that Elvis, how about those candles that those people are shuffled all amongst radians, man? No wonder they call that down under down there. Wow. Those people need some very serious ass assistance. Speaking to that log on to wqm.com today. Make your bids for the first ever QAM online auction. And we know of course that the QAM website is just phenomenal response on there. Not. Lots of great items have for auction today including a skybox for 12 to a Marlins Braves game. How many of them? How many since would you pay for that? Not good. A skybox for 12 to a Marlins Braves game. An autographed on Chula Football. An autographed by the Brains stem. An autographed refugee Williams football. Do you know that the Brains stem donated two grand to a Bob Graham's campaign? Nice go. We always like you lot, Chula. An autographed rookie Williams football. He signed it before he had a haircut by the way. We'll be pleased to know that. A framed and signed Dan Reno photo. The one that's got those funky lips on it. Firmro tickets to the Florida Panthers final home game in the season against Carolina. This Sunday, I think it is Sunday. I guess it must be because that's the end of the season. Yes Sunday. Panthers won last night. They'd be Carolina 3 won right there in the macaruna and from about 80 people. Don't get too hockey intensive now. Okay, come down, Joe. So log on. Register and start bidding at WQM.com. Do you auction in Z3 or clock today? Say better do it post-taste. Get your vision right now. Do that to pacify poor little parents who's in their plan like little league radio. But all those little boyfriends. Little kiddie radio. Got some bad news for Janet Jackson fans again too. CBS censors just can't get off her ass. David. Janet Jackson was bleeped again by censors. While talking to host David Letterman last night for saying, Jesus, thought she said, Jesus. Can't they Jesus? The explanation made an apparent exasperation when Letterman asked the singer about her Super Bowl wardrobe malfunction when she exposed the breast. Was edited out for broadcast to spokesman for the show said Jesus Christ. However, Jackson still insisted that the much publicized incident was an accident. Despite many believing it to be a publicity stunt, it truly wasn't accident she said. It was very embarrassing for me to have so many people see this little breast Jackson said. Long-ratchy events it was little. No big thing. I can't find the name right away. I can't believe that. No one dies. Let's get real hockey intensive. What we're going to do today. We're going to concentrate on two very important things. One is elders. And the second one is the Toronto Maple Leafs. That will be our show for today. Now just it's just a joke. Although you never know. WCWM hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. You know, we can put the chanel on. Of course, when you don't say anything, then it doesn't make your life. It means you're like a play hide and seek. Right. Bubble put him on. He's a compulsive liar. In fact, he was one of the ones that told us about the imminent threat. All of these things. He was one of the originators while I crap. Right. And then the agenda is the older guy that said that you're You're showing about skills and and he doesn't realize that you get most of your ratings during like natural disasters. I listen to you doing hurricane Andrew. And he had thousands of calls in. Or I'm dying. Now you're forgetting about the most important event in our lifetime. And that of course is Ilianito. Exactly. And he doesn't realize that you got your hand on the pulse of this fight. You know, and that you're knowledgeable. And that people, you know, listen to especially on 9, 11, for example. Right. So the guy doesn't have his facts straight. Okay, pal. I have a great day. And thanks for the alicule. Thank you so much. 19 till 11. I wonder if that was the same 9, 11 date. He was talking about when Geldie was doing sports for an hour. We're supposed to be in 5 C. You, A.M. Forever. Forever, soccer mom. Because this pie octane race to the White House is powered by dust cord. Yes. Yes. Round and round they go as they decide which kind of a case of center fly. And we're running again. We'll now score that. We're joyously incumbent bush back in the winter circle. Or will this demonstrative demographic drive? Can a grand John Kennedy carry it a victory way? We'll wealth the carburetor, leader. Froual rich in the work. We'ller. He's all up to the start. Rascordus. Yes. The turbo charge, 2004 presidential election. I call him here. Or in their house. Rascordus. It's a 1046 and 560 W.C. Speaking of Dick Cheney's lies. Remember during the 2000 campaign and he was asked about game erages. He thinks that two people who are in love should be able to do whatever the hell they want. Yadi Adiadi. And now all of a sudden come to find out. He's all for that Constitution Amendment proposed by the Bushmaster. Alfred W. And what reminded me of that is this story about Linn Cheney. Still remembered 1981 lesbian romance novel, Sisters, was faded last night, as special performance by the Linn Cheney players to delight an audience of liberal, East Village types in New York, says today's New York Daily News. They performance at the New York Theatre workshop as part of a celebration of left-leaning radio personality Laura Flander's new book, Bush Women Tale of a cynical species. Yesterday, Flander's told Low Down that Cheney's novel is a breathy Gothic romance, horribly written. It's celebrating lesbian love and provoked the value of preventative devices, condoms to women who are in a lot of remain free. It features a woman who has unmarried sex with the widow of her sister, all this by Linn Cheney the culture warrior of the right. Mondays crowd of 200 which included actress Jeanine Garaflo, laughed throughout the satirical staging, gotty, gotty, gotty. So she's written this dich novel. They've got a dich daughter, but the vice president says, oh, he's all in favor of that Constitution Amendment to read them, pagas from Get Mary. So he's a photograph. He's full of crap on everything. He lies just as easily as Greg Reed almost, almost you know, Sessa. Now, before I get into that gay marriage thing in Massachusetts, which quite frankly, I think they're more important things in a world now that they've urged than that or the one-hish-nunder God business. A lot of very things that are kind of like my new show. They're more important things to worry about, like when is Nelvis coming back? When we're going to find him already, huh? Well, what was, I'm just no sister, you've got to stop me from thinking about that because it's very disturbing to me. Having seen that, I get emotionally, I become an emotional cripple when I see that there are actually people who are that ignorant, that idiotic, that lifeless, that pathetic. I have no logic. Traject. Just think to think of crazy things, they shut all the way from Australia. Now, of course, the American economy could use their cash, so bring all the cash you got, that's fine. But they shut all the way from down under. Not to come and see New York to see Vegas to see a Disney World. They came to see Grace Land. Oh, my God. Just think of the head as body under glass, like London. That wouldn't have been great. He could lie in state and it would be great. Well, they could prop him up. And we could do it in the sunshine state, pose him like an action figure. Don't they have isn't the Elvis Museum in Vegas? I have no idea. I'm a big you pardon? Sorry, I've never been there. No, I'm pretty sure they have the Elvis Museum as in Vegas. I'll take your word for it. I do believe they have all those Elvis impersonators out there. Yeah. And these people could have gone to Vegas and spend a lot of money in the casino. No, they slept at Grace Land. Oh, my God. Even Paul Simon is embarrassed. Wallie Bees says speaking of Lyr is great line from the three days of the condor. Robert Redford character tells Cliff Robertson. The problem with you guys and the CIA is that you think not getting caught with the lies. The same as telling the truth. How about Richard Nixon? I'm not a liar. Now he didn't say I'm a liar. So I'm not a crook. Maybe he did say not a liar. I'm not a crook. And he was a liar and a crook and a pathological elunatic. And anyway, this speaking elunatics. This is great. This thing you facts me from the memory hole. What site? The memory hole.org. It's a five minute video of El Presidente in the morning of 9.11. By the way, Amy, thank you very much. But we don't need to cover page. We don't need all five pages. Thank you. Oh, she the one that sent us this? It's six pages worth. Yeah. Thanks, Amy. But this one page is enough. Thank you. You can download the video in quick time format. It's a footage obtained and presented exclusively by the memory hole. If you have facts this to a error, did you do it? I will now. And you can put a link to it right on our website so they can take a peek at this footage. I've seen it shows President Bush sitting in a Florida classroom for five minutes. After he was told that the second twin tower had been hit and then America was being attacked. Five minutes. A truck-hated version of this footage has been available online since June of 2002. Show's Bush for only two minutes. Ten seconds after being told this new footage more than doubles this line for time. He sat there with a room of full little kids students for five minutes. Immediately below it says here and you see them. You'll find still frames from the video. One every five seconds starting when Chief of Staff Andrew Card gives Bush the news and ending when the scene abruptly ends. Yadiyadiyadiyad. It says please feel free to mirror this footage anywhere and everywhere we appreciate a mention and link to any of us. We will. Memoryhole.org. Thank you very much, Amy. And our memory hole frames. Now. Now. The Massachusetts legislature took the first decisive step toward banning. Game. Marriage. And legalizing civil union yesterday. They took the easy way out just like John Kerry. Giving final approval for the year to an a constitutional amendment that would strip same-sex couples of court-mandated marriage rights. Within moments of the historic vote. Governor Mitt Romney told reporters he'd asked the state's highest court to block a marriage as now skids will begin May 17 of the court slam mark of Amber Rulling until the amendment process is run as likely. Of course, but. Attorney General Tom Rally who jab at his to represent the state in court said he would not seek the delay. I'm Romney's behalf and ain't going to happen. So borrowing something bizarre happening. Starting May 17, there still going to be a handing out marriage licenses in Massachusetts. The final version of the amendment approved 105 to 92 yesterday. It must be affirmed again during the 2005 six legislative session before going to the voters in the fall of 2006. Two and a half years after the court ordered legalization of game marriages in Massachusetts. If the measures ultimately approved by voters, Massachusetts would become just the second state after for month to legalize civil unions. And it amazing how they go through this tortured this long round about it's just amazing. It's almost as lifeless as the Elvis crowd. Oh no, we don't want to have marriage. We can go in of course. I don't think that has anything to do with the influence of the Catholic church in Massachusetts view. No. Oh, coincidence. If you had any idea, I think how many million Catholics are there in Boston? Who do you mean in Catholics? And that's just in the back bay. Rimes with. Poll shows bush strike thing against Kerry. This must be because of all the good news that's been coming out lately. It must be it. Never will ever understand the American people. Despite a week of negative headlines about how is the administration handled the threat of terrorism before 9.11. President Bush's political position against John Kerry has strengthened according to the latest CNN USA today. The poll results suggest that the Bush campaigns attempts to paint Kerry as a tax raising liberal who flip-flops on issues has affected the race more than the recent charges that the Bush administration didn't put him up focus on the threat of terrorism before 9.11. It is book against all enemies and in testimony to the 9.11 Commission former White Housecutter terrorism adviser Richard Clark has said, the administration didn't act on repeated warnings before 9.11. Then the Nalkada attack could be evened. Among likely voter survey. 51% said they would vote for Bush 47 for Kerry, the margin of error plus or minus 4 points. I don't think he even mentions Ralph Nader in here. Don't mention nothing. At any rate, of course, don't forget Kerry took the week off he went skiing. And now they have to counter all of these negative ads. Kerry's been erased the gas tax and he's going to do this. He's going to eliminate all the tax cuts and the oddia on the answer. They have to counter that. Basically what it comes down to is a real desperate situation for America because he got too really crappy political parties. What it is. Which of these people do you think is the biggest liar? That's our poll question on earoggers.com and you're finished cruising Lucy Lou and I have no idea why anybody would want to. But hey, listen if you're really desperate and you're over the age of 90. How about imagine if you're over the age of 90, you probably might be really desperate, right? Or not. Or don't make no doubt. Not April. George W. Bush 98. Donald Rumsfeld 26. Look at that. He's myster. He's often running. I don't think anybody can catch him. Rumsfeld 26. Bill Clinton 22. Oh, Rumsfeld is 22. He's moving. Rush Limbaugh, who just went on the roll. A moment ago 18. OJ 16. See, this is business. And I think a lot of you people in the audience are taking this personal. This is business. On speaking of Kerry when he has that meeting with me to this week, you know, they need to have it the meeting. I give up. Who could Broughty? Oh, I thought he conglies a 13. Dick Cheney 8. More Howard David in six. John Kerry 5. Michael Moore 5. Richard Clark 4. Greg Reed 2, which means somebody else in the building voted for Greg Nice Goin. Probably a Josh to that. And Colin Powell won a 233. That's Josh Derr. I'm talking about not you, Josh. Josh Clarence Daryl. Probably voted for Greg. He's the biggest liar of them all. 560560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. How many QAM hello? How are you doing, Pally? Pretty good, Pally. How about Barry Bond? Oh, Jesus. Is it not said that we're on this radio station with these sports nerds? I mean, how do you put Barry Bond in a class with the president and Rommisfeld and Clinton and Rush Limbaugh and Condolisa? Any puts in Barry Bond, okay? We don't care if Barry Bond's folks stay words until his arms were the size of Montana. I don't really give a crap, okay? View? I mean, that goes without saying. See, well actually, I mean, did not tell you before the show that they because this pulled us and we didn't need a lot of additions that I might as well just do all these bedtime stories because you aren't going to be any calls today because that's all they know how to do is just add to the list. Where's the list? We don't need any more names for that list unless it's somebody really obvious that we missed that was delirring, you know, but some sports nerd. I mean, to put it in that category, that tells me, sir, that there's something else you're trying to say. I have no right. Get a life. Get with it. Forget about ball games. There's more important things in life than stupid ball games, okay? Although the Yankees lost a tampon Tokyo 8 to 3 this morning. Did you see that again? History and some highlights from an X-Farmate police career. See now we're talking about something important to Rommisfeliefs. Now that's something important. But you know this is a very bonds and Bobby bonds and word bond and God. Make sure you almost ashamed of working QA, you know it. Don't forget log on at wqm.com. Make your bids for the first ever QM online auction. Lots of way items up for auction including a Scott Box for 12 Romarlin's Braves game autographed on Shoot a football, Agra, Ricky Williams football. Now there goes Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, a friend that signed them, Rito Foto. Front row tickets to the Panthers final home game of the season against Carolina. So log out of register the octons of 3 this afternoon. You can fit at wqm.com and by the way it's going to be a long season for those dolphins going to be bad. You're my name, Lord. This is for 20, by 60, by 60. You way, yeah. See now let me ask you this question. Was that just me over reacting before I met Rito and there? What do you mean? When I started playing the stuff here because they played a thing with a Rito and then it. I didn't hear you playing it. Ha ha ha ha ha. Well what a great break. This is where I work. There is never a dull moment at the Walmart. Sometimes we head over to the gunseatchee grab a bot to 9mm and let her rip. It's more than a story. It's a fun place to hit. We lot to eat it the little cap of Cheerio because they clean up my baby's vomit faster than anyone. We never know what to go find a Walmart. We just come in for the fun. Last week a bunch of them liberal and he had to protest out front but he only took two warning shots. Scaramage! Yeah, like my money. He's been called being like every Walmart. I've actually there's a connection between a lot of the women who shop at Walmart and the Elvis cried. You know what I'm saying? Without a doubt. No question. It's 11.01 at 5.60 WQM. So anyway, that a couple of thanks is here. One from Gary who says, and these these this audience just doesn't get it at all. I mean, you're not even close. Gary says, good morning. Just a couple of quick thoughts. Number one. Now that Howard's off here, here are a couple of guys my office and now listening to you over the internet along with me. But the streams are about five seconds apart, which makes for some really neat effects within you play a bleep. That's a moody. Or, but third man. Second, I was watching Willa Grace last week and they said, ass at least five times in the Vino. I just pulled that advice out of my ass. They're running 830, isn't that family prime time? How the company can say, ass and you can't. We can say, ass, we just can't say the whole word. Right. Got it? I got it. And then some people will be like, so it's donkey. Like that. Nice. Don't. Think it up. Think you can say ass. So we want ass. How do you like that, huh? Right. Crank. Didn't even have to ask. Right. So come on. Get with it. You better start learning the rules that they're going to come and get your ass next. Now, ask you who did this facts here, just really a so typical man, just so sad. And look what his wife's name is, Sharon. First, I thought I was your role. It says, good morning, Neil, and George. It says, Neil, knowing you to be a perfectionist. I'm a perfectionist, and I'm working on this station. Poor you, kid, Nasky. Give us the job. See, you're clothing. Here's a small correction. Oh, there he goes. Pick it up my clothing again. Okay, my baggy pants in my shirt. I don't like. I got a little bit of a rum on my shirt. It's not the long. It's just the thing. No, it's not the thing. It's just, you know, you're stuck it up to Mull again. If you're in those same pants this morning, I'll tell you why. I'll go. I'll get some new designer suits when you get a new piece. Okay, Mo. When you start looking human. He's a good one. Talk. Crap. Anyway, here's a small corrections. As I was asking, Elaine DeLon is pronounced. Elaine DeLon. It says, he is in French. He's there. I've put the accent on the. I don't give a crap. I'll ask you, okay, take your frog stuff and jam it. Oh, God. Elaine DeLon. You got to sound like you haven't had a bomb moving 45 years. Real constipated like all the French. And then the. Elaine was a European heartthrob in the 60s and 70s. And also, co-starred and Texas across the river with Dean Martin, Joey Bishop and Rosemary, four-cythin, 1966. I believe a funny funny Western soundtrack by the Kingston trio. Oh, you know who did the music for this movie? This, um, Pline Soleil? I give up Elvis. Oh, I'll think of it. No, uh, somebody here famous. I'll think of it. Anyway, I'm asking you something. I'm going to get a frog, whatever. What do you, somebody famous, I'll think of it. I'll look it up in my book here, okay? It would kill some good time. You probably not going to get a rose. Calls today. What? You go Martin Eggrow. No. I just like saying that. One to egg row. I'm getting my big big ass heavy book here now. And you got to look up Pline Soleil. I think that's what it's under because it's got 55 different names to a this movie. And by the way, it will be really sucks. I mean, he looks great, but the movie is awful. So if you, if you like to tell that Mr. Ripley and you think, oh, I better watch that because it was the original. It's horrible. It's real choppy. And it starts like in the middle where he's already over there in, uh, I'm on Jebello and it's just a city out of it. Let's see. Music by, uh, how come I can't find it? Oh, no, no, rota. He wrote it. Neenow rota. Now what, what did he, uh, what the other famous music did you do for what famous movie? I don't come on. Come on. I, we look at upon the thing. Our OTA. Neenow rota. You've never heard him before? No. Very, very famous. Uh, uh, still myster music guy. I got to I. Start to get again. Start to get killed. Well, when you stop, uh, Ali North. And he has old, small potatoes, old news. Gillow, your other facts was great. Just condom, man. Oh, man. What are you trying to say, Gill? I have no right. The godfather. That's what I thought. I thought Neenow wrote a rota. Some of the music for the godfather. Well, huh? You're right. He wrote it. That's why every time I saw that on their, uh, music by Neenow wrote it. I thought, oh, that, that name sounds so familiar. It's not a, I think your brain is, oh, it's not a thing. He's going to understand working on this joint. 5605060, pound 560, on the AT&T Verizon wireless line. WQA, hello. New law. Yes, sir? There's a change between my girlfriend. Uh, WQA, hello. QA, M. Like I said, these calls are fantastic. WQA, hello. Forgive me, father. I just turned this show on. Did you get the news yet that Richard Clark is going to be on the daily show tonight? No, he did not. I got the news that kind of eases been testified in public under oath. Oh, she is. Yes. I didn't get that news, please. See, I got the important news. The fact that Richard Clark's going to be on again, you know, forget about this. See what I'm talking about with the public. It's all. I'm playing Elvis all day. I can't take it anymore. I can't stand. Oh, I almost all day. You know, I can't cover. God, almighty. The daily show. My God. Is that what John Charles daily? No. Five six. I know what it is. What you just relax. Five six. Seven. Five. Six. Five. Six. Five. Six. Six. Five. Six. Five. Six. Five. Six. Five. Six. Five. Six. Nine. Six. Five. Five. Six. Five. Six. Nine. Six. Cyclops. Five. Six. Six. Six. Six. Six. Five. Seven. Six. Six. Nine. Six. Six. Seven. Name a bunch of songs. Name a bunch of bands. Right? A whole bunch. Not just one. Give me a whole bunch of me. I got 10 deal. Okay. Good. And then by the time we even get through with a third or fourth call, Time to go home. Say beautiful. George W. Bush, biggest liar 142. Rumsfeld 33. Here, Rumsfeld. Bill Clinton 27. We know who those people are. O.J. Simpson 26. Rush Limbaugh 24. Condoleezza 17. Dick Cheney 17. Mohara David has got a dozen. Michael Moore 9. John Kerry 8. Greg reads got five all from within the building. I guarantee that. To know him is to mistrust him. Richard Clark for and Corolla and Paul 1. 325. Now, how can Colin Powell have only one? When he sat right there in Ewen held up those maps. And we know that the stuff is here and the chemical weapons are here and that the the bubble mice are here. And he's only got one vote. You see the public have been. Corn swagled. And to believe that certain people are very credible, you know, just like about all those people that were slotted me lie in O.J. in the Vietnam days. Very credible guy like Colin Powell. Professional liar, professional paid liar is what he is. A sellout. W.Q.A.M. Hello. How are you doing? All right. I wanted to know. Does anybody ever seen Miriam Olafont? No. W.Q.A. Hello. Q.A.M. Yes sir. How about Jimmy Swagger? What about him? He's a mental helpful. That's a wise great. Oh, that was good. I got my finger right on top of him. I was next one. I was telling you, I got that quick finger. I got his file down today. It looks like one of Dracula's teeth. 560, 560. I'm just going to go to the Vietnam Series in a minute. I'm serious because I'm a programmer. We don't need any more names for the poll. Okay. The poll is closed. We have all the compulsive liars that we need for today on our poll. No more names will be accepted for this poll under any circumstances unless I change my mind. Okay. What about that? Oh, that's a good one. Like I said, Miss Drog, get her on there right away. Matt Drog. Perfect. If it's on the Grudge Report, you know you better triple-check it. I heard the Catherine Harris said had something happen. Let's say Florida 83884 means 116 and 144 is 260. We're making some inroads on Texas for like one or two at a time. At this rate by the year 2525 when Zagran Evans have a baby. At that point then maybe we might have passed Texas. I mean I realize that's just for fun, but we need more signatures on here. Scott's got 1204,000, 1306. We got to get to a million. In fact, I'm looking at the last five. Here is Michigan, Kentucky, Oregon, Tennessee, California. I haven't seen any Floridians on the last five on stopfcc.com. And I realize that squeeze is proud pretty good for several days there. We got a good response. But I mean there got to be thousands of people. Let's still haven't got off their dead ass and sign that petition on there. Who just don't give a crap that the first amendment is being played with like some kind of a toy. They just make it up as they go along. I shouldn't have to do that. All I should have to do is mention it once. And there should be thousands of people sign on or shouldn't there? No, yeah. But no, they're busy going to Graceland to see the king. Great grace. It is sad. WQAM. Hello. Fafage. WQAM. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I know you just closed the pole when I have no to light. WQAM. Hello. Hi, Ali. Yes, sir? I like to color green. That's there's a color name of one of colors. That would be good. Okay. Okay. Thank you. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. Okay. Listen, I want to know why we're push at the L1. Nobody's asking us to disarm. WQAM. Hello. Any other questions? Are there any questions? It's fantastic. Man, the calls are the best I've had in the sense yesterday. Any one quick thing. I know. I know some guys suggested this. I think last week about making a little section on your website about the best that are banned the ban good section. Yeah. Is there any chance of that? No. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I got a good idea. But we don't have enough time to do it to process it. Yeah. If we would have had like, you know, if we would have thought of this, but this all came down so fast about everything being banned. We could have taken like 100. And we could have made a double CD set. And we could have used the proceeds from that to fund the ads for stop at CC.com. We're not having a great idea. What have been, but we don't have the time for that. It's a long turn over. Anyway, 12 minutes after 11 at 560, WQAM. That's going to be an all-elvest concert all day today on QAM. In fact, even on the sports shows, it's going to be all Elvis all day. As a tribute to the king. He's still alive, you know. Oh, I know. Like so. I'm just gifted it. If I ever see another one of those shows like that, I'm going to, I will. I'll take a brick and just break every TV set in this house. I just can't do with it. 13 past the hour at QAM. If you need new mattress, you don't have to go slet it off to those bedding and department stores. Do what I've been doing for a long time. Just make one easy call to dial a mattress. Tool free. It's 1-800 mattress and don't forget that dial a mattress backs up everything they say and they're advertising 100%. While the competitors lie like crazy speaking of liars. When you see a mattress that making outrageous claims do yourself a favor and read that fine print. There lots of lies out there. Here's an example. A big headline that says half off, but then you find out that this only applies to a limited selection of items that you'd never choose. Everything else is still full price. And they probably doubled the regular price first on that sale item. And you're probably never be able to make a fair exchange if you don't like it. But at dial a mattress, there are ads have no tiny print, no disclaimers. And when you call 1-800 mattress, you'll see that the prices are so low. The other stores have to offer half off sales just to be able to compete at all. dial a mattress gives you a no risk 30 day. Absolutely 30 day. But third man. Competitors change policy. All beds including yours. And don't forget when you call dial a mattress tool free at 1-800 mattress. You're getting your company ranked number one or overall customers satisfaction too. From Kendall to Stewart, Palm Beach to Ford Myers. Dial a mattress reminds you too to be sure and read that fine print because they want you know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them all the way. Can't imagine that happening. So what are you waiting for? Do what I always do when you need a mattress when the old ones had it? Pick up the phone, make the one simple call 1-800 mattress or log under their website at mattress.com. Dial a mattress 1-800-MATTRES, the honest way to buy you a great new bed. My and local, we're sports radio 560's you a UAM. It's about basketball. It's about teamwork. It's about the story of two men and the friendship that springs up between them. I don't know if I'm good enough to play basketball with you guys but I'd sure like to give it a try. See, Woody Harrelson like you've always seen him before. Rural. Innocent. Kind of dumb. She's. Gosh. I don't know about that. Another beer? If you've seen cheers. If you've seen wild cats. If you've seen dot Hollywood then you've seen like Ben Kandak. Stowing Woody Harrelson. And many talented African Americans. White men, Kandak. She loved me. And I don't know what to do. Gosh. Do you believe me? Ask. I just said it again. 1118 at 560 WQM. Well, you know, the few words that we still can say you got to say him a lot. Now, Eric says that quick time. The quick time format is what this footage of a bush on 9-11 is all about. He says he's going to convert it to something else later on. Catholicism. Judaism. He's going to convert. He says our audience don't like quick time. Whatever that means. I don't know. I don't have time to deal with it and watch it right now. But it's on there. Quick time blows. What does that mean? It's an apple thing. So he's good to call it an apple thing. I'm going to catch a quick time really blows. You know. I'm going to go to these bedtime stories because the calls today. Don't make you way in. Hello. Yeah. I wanted to nominate red. Okay. Great. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. See they just they won't stop. You know what I mean? They won't stop. I could take 50,000 calls between now and 2 o'clock and they will never stop. Oh, here's one more that you need to put on their nail. Suppy sales. I mean, just for the hell of it. You know, just want to keep adding to it. Which might not be of that idea. Tell me the QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. And back to you. It's the same thing going on right now. Here in the car. We're playing Elvis. I got Elvis being put in my car right now. Yeah. We had the motherland. All right. Wow. Can you know what? Can you? Okay. Put it away, Elvis. Man. Anyway, the warm clerk. This is from Tompane.com. It's on our website today. Like all the good stories always are. My Larry C. Johnson. Who's Larry Johnson? He's been on a lot of the ATV shows talking head. Larry Johnson. If I don't turn the page was a guy, I'll find it. Remember the veteran intelligence professionals for Sanity who serve with the C.I. 85 to 89 working the State Department's office at counter terrorism. Even in 1993 also is a registered Republican who contributed financially to the Bush campaign in 2000. But not no more. He says Richard Clark must be wondering if explaining what the US did not do in the war on terrorism is more dangerous than actually fighting the terrorists. Clark, the former terrorism is our. For both President George W. Bush and Bill Clinton is now being vilified by a host of Bush officials, including Dick Chanion, Condoleezza Rice as a liar. The attack on Clark which consists of leaks threats and intimidation tactics has become the genuine hallmark of the Bush presidency. Previous victims of the Bush's mere machine include Armée Chief of Staff, Eric Chines, Shin Sekhi who challenged the fantasy spun by Donald Muntel and Paul Wolfowitz and correctly insisted that several hundred thousand troops would be needed to pass a fire rack. Ambassador Joseph Wilson who provided the Bush administration where the report that Nigel had not supplied a rack with uranium-yellow cake essential for building a nuclear device. Not only were his character and confidence called in a question, but his family security were jeopardized by a White House leak that his wife Valerie Plain was a covert C.I. operative. Secretary of the Treasury Paul Loneo reported on the Bush administration obsession with a rack and talked early on over moving Saddam Hussein. And I'm not going to read the whole thing. And just a couple more paragraphs I want to read, can I yes? Park is told the Uncaptable Truth in his book and now finds himself the target of the full fury of the Angry Bush partisans who insisted fighting terrorism was Bush's highest priority. The evidence shows otherwise. First artist Park presented a memo to convalesize our line of the urgent threat, this tag is made on the document. Urgent threat presented by Al-Qaeda in January 2001. While Dr. Rice and Sissi made terrorism a top priority one of her first decisions in the early days of 2001 was to downgrade Clark's position as the National Coordinator for Counterterrorism. How is that making terrorism and elevated priority? Is it not Richard Clark also, it is not. He says Richard Clark also requested in January 2001 that President Bush convene a meeting of principal Bush officials, the Secretary of State Secretary of Defense and Attorney General, but this meeting was postponed by Dr. Rice until September 4, 2001. That seven-month gap represents time that in retrospect could have been used to defend the 9-11 attacks. The Clark Bashers also insist that no more could have been done before 9-11 than what was done during the first eight months of the Bush presidency. All, if that was the case that why did Bush direct the airlines to lock cockpit doors after 9-11? Why did the Bush administration decide to arm pilots? Put more air-part marshals on planes and federalized its security force doing screening at the airports. Why did the Bush administration order attacks on Al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan if in the words of Bush spinners we did all that we could prior to 9-11? Why did Bush officials establish emergency financial task forces comprise of intelligence and law enforcement officials to hunt down the trails of terrorist finance if all had been done prior to 9-11? The uncomfortable fact showed that Richard Clark proposed many of these measures in the early days of the Bush presidency action was taken only in the aftermath of 9-11. Here's the bottom line. Richard Clark was right and the Bush administration and the people of the US would have been better off if his warnings in the early days of 2001 had been heated. Rather than attack Richard Clark's character, Republican-operative should focus their venom on the terrorists who killed Americans in the world trade centers in the Pentagon, George W. Bush had set the tone and take his former terrorism chief, apologized for this week's ugliness and focused on getting Osama bin Laden. As one American, I say thank you Richard Clark. Right, Larry Johnson. We also have him on MSNBC and during the lead-up in the war. Can I say, and the interesting part is Richard Clark registered Republican, Paul O'Neill, the Republican Secretary of the Treasury. Oh no, these are just all partisan liberals, man. That's what it's all about Neil Wright. Whatever you say. More ons. 560, 560, pound 560, moron on the AT&T in Verizon line, which of these people do you think is the biggest liar? George W. Bush 181, Rush Limbaugh's movement in the second place with 40. He just leaked prognon O'Neill, O'Neill, Donald Rumsfeld 38, Bill Clinton 31, Dick Cheney's movement up the latter nicely with 28. Condolese at 21, well, how are dated at 14? Michael Morten, John Kerry 8, Richard Clark 6, Greg Reed 6, tied with Richard Clark, Colen Paul 1 and Miss Drudge Don't Have Any Yet 430. Probably most people figure Miss Fudge is small, but they did. Yeah, I mean, he was only one that broke the Monica Bluegrass story, you know. Yeah, family who that all around. He's only the one that put on to the screaming lights I was talking about yesterday. Oh John Kerry, in the intern, here we go again. That one didn't pan out. Another trial balloon, this one, they popped the balloon before it floated. Of course, Miss Fudge, she's still floating. 26, past 11 at 560, W.C. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. You pay zero closing costs, zero application fees, zero credit bureau fee and even zero discounted points. Get that new low interest rate at just 1.25%. If you have 100,000 loan, your payments are just 334 month. If you have a 200,000 loan on your pay a 608, I'm out to don't forget. Once you be fine, answer good new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay those nasty closing costs again. So, Carl and find out all the details there's no obligation. Call 1-866-395-Len. Get the low rate mortgage you deserve that move onto your next property with no further cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fees, zero dot fees, zero closing costs even when you move to another property. Get that new low financing rate at just 1.25%. It's called the only one mortgage from financial group and never pay closing costs again. Call them today. What's not to like? Call 1-866-395-Len. That's 1-866-395-L-E-N-V. They're an equal housing lender. Restrictions apply. Rates subject to change monthly for .21-APR. My life and low cost. This is for 20-5-60. You weigh yeah. Damn. She's another dot's Jew. And she needs two vibrant fetches on level. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. And she's buying red at 7. He's living. Oh. Oh. And the bread is under. Oh. And the bread is under. Oh. Oh. And the bread is under. They wish it would outweigh this point. Even for the glimatum. There are wonderbread as poison. It'll kill you seven different ways. You do know that. Don't you? I do know that. It's 11.30 at 5.60. WQM. Let's take a look at that schedule today. The mad dog. He's a little bit overwork lately. Oh, right. He's got the day off. Kimbable camper with two. Let me take a look at this schedule. This is the mad dog off the mark. Because we got the. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Yeah. If you're going to get a job. You just have to come up with the day off. It's the day off. Oh. Oh. I think the day off it. A role. Oh. That's not a role. She's slipping. Can this be right? This is one of the great things in a. History man, Kyde, did you look at this schedule for tomorrow yet, mr. No. He was reminded me about opening day, which is next week one day. In a regular season. Take a few, kill well we got tomorrow. Ooh. Hey now. opening day in my correct and we get off a noon he said something like that. Wow anyway today let's get back to the day skids won't stop bragging about the fact that you got less than three hour show tomorrow. Kimba had to the Humper at four three solid hours for the Hebrew hammered it. Very tough assignment if you ask me. That was correct. Who in hotline at seven the big or land of Elsa query a date because we have got nobody else any kid 10 and then that's it. And one's Joe coming back when Joe's what's Joe comes back on dammit. Let's get with it. Come on Greg you lie in sack of crap. Here's the whole story now. Miss a condolence of business. As much as the public gets in a reversal national security adviser condolence will test to find public under oath before the commission of messaging the 911 terrorist attacks as long as the panel sees no further public testimony from White House officials the administration said that and those will throw your her and that's it. Right. Yeah. In addition, President Bush and vice president Cheneve agreed to a single joint private session. They agreed to a single joint. They're going to share it. Private session with all 10 commissioners with one commission staff member president take notes of the session White House Council El Baritok and Salah said in the letter of the panel. Speaking of Gonzalez White House press secretary Scott McCullan Air Force one with President Bush said the commission at unanimously agreed to the administration's conditions for the testimony. The decision was conditioned on the Bush administration receiving assurances in writing from the commission that such a step is not set a precedent and that the commission does not request additional public testimony for many White House officials including Dr. Rice. And it goes on and on what we want to do this and we might need a decision to average testified is made in the wake of the publication for more White House counterterrorism chief Richard Clarks book of which he charges that the Bush administration was slow to act against the threat of Al Qaeda and his David Corn and others appointed out last couple of these articles that we've referred to. It is an a question of opinion. It happens to be matter of fact or was it matter of whoever was one of those Matt Livin's somebody. Here's a fact that says when I watched the footage of Bush being informed of the second plane, I wondered about his reaction as did a lot of people unsure. It appeared as though he nodded his head slightly and didn't speak a word. He remains stoically staring in the space as if living in a surreal experience that the event he expected really came through. I think he would have said the effort and gone air force one immediately with the very least. What have asked a few questions and issued a couple of orders to the informer. I saw this immediately says our facts here today. If you want to see it again go to mirage.com and take a puke at that. What is it the end quick? A lot of step quick step quick time. But the video is there the five minute video. In fact I wanted to do we get audio with that too where he says Mary had a little land. Do we get that part? The version I saw had audio. And that would be cute. Let's take a look at that pull we got going today speaking of all these lies. Which of these people do you think is the biggest liar? George W. Bush nobody's going to touch him to O4. Nobody can come close to W. Rush Lombard was given to the shot 44. Domarumso 42 OJ 39. Bill Clinton 32. See, OJ should have 32. That was his number. That'd be appropriate. Dick 1031. Kind of leaves is only got 23. Police. Oh my goodness. Mohour David of 15. Michael Moore 10. Place down what I have no idea just because we put him on there. John Kerry 8. Richard Carke. Greg Reed's got six. Good sort of people inside the building. Oh when he goes out to lunch I guess they'll vote, right? On a coast of Scare. Colon Powell's got a period of matthroats. He don't have any out of 464. Your small potatoes misdraught. They don't care about you. 560 5056, the Pond 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WDQA I'm hello. Neil, good afternoon. Man, that way. Good evening. I like to vote on your poll if I'm still out to say that. Vote on my poll? I got I like to vote. On the air, how do you do that? Well, I don't have a computer. Maybe you can vote for me. Okay. Condolisa? Okay, thanks. Like I said. I'm kind of enjoying it though. Yeah, I'm enjoying it though. I'm going to do is I think this is a new format. I'm going to intersperses three things. Some really interesting bedtime stories, some serious and not so serious. A lot of Elvis. And some wacky calls. Some like a new format to me. Don't know what a great talk I've had. You will manage to like, lost. Let's all go to Graceland. One last shot at it. Come on. Let's go. For all time sake, it's not a big bus. And go to Graceland. Okay, now what I'm going to do also for the audience is give a little slack. I'm pushing to our like the seeds and that's on. 13906. That means we need 94 more by 2 o'clock to get to 14,000. We're not going to pass Texas today. This week, you're right. You said before this week, they got 14157. And they've been doing something on the air there in Dallas. Houston, uh, Loretta, or where ever to hell. Austin. So they've been doing it. But we can make 14,000 by the end of the show. Even you would agree with that. Yes, I would. Only 94 more to go. Signature stop FCC dot com. Get on it. In fact, let's take a look right now and see the last five people. I mentioned this for people on there. Look at that mic implantation. Thanks, Mike. Mike signed it. But Nevada, California, New York and Pennsylvania. But the good thing is, you know, this house spread out. This is from all over the country now. Yes. 124,259 signatures on Scott's petition to stop the FCC from taking away our first amendment rights. Slow this down this runaway freight train, we're pretty. So we won't be able to say hello and goodbye. And then just play all Elvis. Oh, this is so bad. Didn't Joe Dallow do this one for him. Do you see? I love you. Please don't break my heart into that. Now seriously, I don't want to do an anti Elvis thing. Because I like a lot of his music. But a lot of his music was pure crap. Okay. I mean, that is the heart of it. It says, it sounds like you got to slip with his mother until he was about to turn him in. You don't want to mean? Most of it was crap. I bet you're pardoned. Did you hear what he just said? Yeah. Most of it was crap. Most of Elvis's music was crap. 9.9% of Elvis's music. Now I can't have a real depth, but I'll say that real fast. But how can you possibly say that? Just out loud. Oh, if that allowed, bad songs. Good performance was crap. Good performer, bad songs. Now a good performer when he was like really fat and vignus with those suits that were like two sizes, two small ones when he was young and innovative. I see breaking the rules and whatnot. Breaking the rules because he shook his hips. Yeah. Oh, oh. On a Solomon show. Television. Never see the end Solomon show. My grandmother used to think it was the end Solomon show. She thought it was, she thought everybody was Jewish. Tickie man. Mickey Mabel was Mickey Mendel. She, I'm not making that up either. She thought everybody was Jewish. Let's see. There are any songs in here. Oh, here you go. Here's real syrup. Huh? Here we go. Pondrous. Slow. Come and do sing. Okay, I'll tell you. Yeah, we'll put this in the song. Our audience hates Elvis. No, seriously, I'll tell you a couple of Elvis songs. I like a lot. And I can't find him on here. Well, mum, mum, please. You can't think of him either. No. That's not true. That's bad. Let's see. Mine, I don't like that. I don't like that. I got him all. I hear him all. Cute and a can't be sort of. No, some of them. No, the Courtney. Oh, I think I'm kind of a crap. No, that's not it. One night. Dog. One night. What? One night was there. Remember that song one night? Yeah, remember it. Blue. No, that was good. Blue something. No, it was good. That didn't like it. I did. Where do you go, Lizard? Well, don't tell me I don't have that. You don't have it. That is bad. Oh, I'll find it. I got enough Elvis here. Man, I got Elvis up the old. I can't see that. But I can't say, ask. Just just all by itself. You can't make it in connection with anything else. You just have to say, ask. Just have no word. Hey, how are you doing today? Ask. Don't ask. I can't find one night. And is that something because that's about the only one I really miss? I don't know if some other ones that are okay like maybe once every 20, 30 years. I want you. I need you. I love it so corny. I mean, uh... I don't like that. How about return to sender? That was pretty good. Yeah, okay. It was a little bit like that. Return to sender? It was alright. Huh? This is great. Oh man. Hey, I think that'll be on the QM Sports auction. The Elvis's joxtrap is going to be on it. And Richard Clarice will be voting on that. It'll be vitten. I didn't hate this one. You already? Yeah. I just got your plans. I just wish mine's a little bit over. And if I bring her a play more, more than enough if he asked me. Okay, well we'll argue that when we come back. After the break, we're gonna argue about Elvis today because your calls are so weak. Burning lot. I do like burning lot. Okay. In fact, it's alright. Ah! See, when you say that, uh, I guess the audience thinks I just made that up about how we slept with mommy until it was like almost 20 years old. I mean, I say about that. Good man. Just exaggerated we bit. But it's a little embarrassing, don't you think? What's his mom look like? Now, then, not good. I think till noon at five, 60, in fact, I don't think too much difference between now and then. Hey, when you shop for quality food, we're a great selection and professional service. There's only one place to go. I've been telling you about Brandy's in poppin'o for a long time. If Brandy shoes, you'll find the biggest selection of men's and women shoes. The best service in the best present in town period. If Brandy's will find all the top names that you know and love and covet. Like rock port, floor shine, SAS, Spirory, Timberland naturalizer and lots more. And with Brandy's humongous selection, the chances are they'll never say the, sorry, you don't have that style in your size. You want it, they got it. So find out for yourself. I'm most of Brandy's customers don't really keep coming back. But usually by a several pair or is that pairs on each visit. Brandy's is open daily 9 to 9, Sunday, 10 to 5. You'll find them at 12, 90, or federal highway in poppin'o Beach. 12, 90, north federal. It's always worth the trip no matter where you are and right now is a great time to save at Brandy's shoes because that means that all men and women's famous brand names shoes are on special sale. So stop and visit right now at Brandy's shoes.com. Bye-bye. And love. This is 420-562. You ain't as a way. We're changing the pool by the way, Eric. It's an Elvis pool. Come out, momentarily. You'll see. Hey, if you're long gone to the event, you can bid on my two. What you shouldn't be buying, I'm playing the top along with you. It's all a thing. We turn my mother. I want to get a plan. But that's my goal, feeling. The plan is my plan. What on the thousand? That's my goal. Oh, that much money can buy a lot of time to buy a lot of love. You're the weird one, but it's you. You need therapy. Because the only one does that. You're the great one to spend with me. The one who's watching. We turn my mother. Come on, be a cat. And why would they option? My root is now. We turn my mother. You've got no rights. But you said, on my teeth, the fact really fights. The Richard, my mother. 13, I'll go to the 5.60 WQM. I'm going to change the pool. I know Eric's going to feel put upon. But that's OK. Did a great job getting that picture up there. I've double your sitting in every little kid's. Do you think if they were to head an IQ contest in that classroom? Well, at any rate. This is the thought. And anyway, let's change the pool. Here's our new question. Well, let me give you the results of that one. I will smack him right away. So Eric and the put the new one on there. The other question, which of these people do you think is the biggest liar? 547 votes. That's not too bad. Not too great. George W. Bush 238. Rush Limboff 52. Don Rumsfeld 49. OJ48. Dick Cheney 36. Bill Clinton 33. Condolese 26. Well, Howard David 23. John Kerry 12. Michael Moore 11. Yine for Richard Clark. Greg Reid still stuck on six. Cool and powerful and Mr. Judge don't have any. I don't think they know who the hell I think is. Nope. This is fun. How to 547. Okay, here's the new poll question. What's your all-time favorite Elvis Presley song? Now, the first choice on there would be Elvis sucks. Right? Okay. And I think that'll win. Because there's so many songs. You know what I mean? Right? Our audience hates Elvis. They despise Elvis. They can't stand people like Oda Grace Land. People are living in a past. People like those Australians from down on other, who are slipping over their candles. And holding candlelight vigils for Elvis, waiting for him to come back in order to repeat something. What's that all about? But there's a lot of choices on here. Okay? Now, will wait till Eric gets set up. And then of course, Josh and his own inimitable style can butcher up the spelling. Although, these are basically pretty simple words. You know? They even Josh, I think, in hand, like, Hound Dog. You ain't nothing but a hair and he's going to be. Can you handle that? Yeah. What's that you've heard before? As opposed to a lot of the names that we get on there, like Gordon McRage, Sheila, whatever the hell I think was you had yesterday. How are we phrasing the question? You got what's your take on? What's your take on? No, not what's your take on Elvis? Elvis, living or dead? Now, the question is, what's your all-time favorite Elvis Presley song? The first choice, Elvis sucks. Which means they don't have a favorite Elvis song. They don't like Elvis. They can't stand Elvis. Elvis makes them want to puke. Okay? There are a lot of people who feel that way. Yeah. Now, even you won't vote for that, though. No. Because you're Elvis songs, not too many. That you like. I think Elvis sucks, but I still have a favorite Elvis song. Right. Okay. Well, not way, man. Should we make two? No, no, no, no. No, no, no. Ha ha ha ha. Come on, cut them slack for the king, baby. A Hound Dog. And we'll start with a few obvious ones. Okay, Hound Dog. Don't be cruel, right? Right. Like I said, don't be cruel. That's enough. Oh, too much. In fact, how many Elvis songs is too much? One. One. One. One. One. Oh, man. One. You're right. 99 and 910% of what he did was crap. Corne. Garbage. And you know something? Carl Perkins probably should have sued his ass. Yes, he should have. But it's the one for the money. I'm pretty sure. I'm a three and a cross-cut. It's ass. I agree. I've all my boots. Wait, you. But what's in the back song? But it was a great song when Carl Perkins did it. In fact, I think Carl Perkins wrote it. Yes, I'm pretty sure. Yes, he did. Since you're one of those purists who says, oh, you can't be musicians unless you write your own music's right. And the Elvis write his own music. Oh, he write any music. Oh, not that I know him. And he recorded it first. Carl. Let's see. Blue Swag Chew is written by Carl Perkins. It says it right here on an insert. On my package insert. Everybody should have a package insert. Yeah. Watch it. Write it down, Josh. 1151. Tuesday, March 30th. March. Fuck. Dude, man. He said package. Let's see. Say, look at that. The pole is down. The old one were getting the new one up there. I think this is exciting. That's what we needed today. A little bit of diversion from all the other crap. Now let's see. Here's a, um, uh, here's a faction gene in Miami. You know, it's really interesting that we get faxes from women. We get suggestions, polls, suggestions from women. But we don't get any calls from women. Maybe because we're doing a screenless thing. They're outnumbered so bad. But like yesterday, when we did the thing about, you know, famous people who are not really all like we had looking, but they think are really hot. We only had one woman calling that all day. And that's that's so depressing and debilitating. The women just don't love us. On this, this, how do they do this by the way? How do they put that kid in the picture with Bush? Suncee and then right now again. She'll give you awning. She's seven billion. That's how it all your heart. Pretty s worldwide pants. They got this kid in a background who's yawning and a whole day. That's, uh, obviously a fake, right? I was led. It was led. It was lettermen. It was a fake. It's too bad. It wasn't real. It would have been really good. And then he read. Janceism or regular and by the way, one of the new things you're great. I am Jane, the woman just hate me like poison. Because they're, they're humorless bitches. Also, I'm a Democrat hate Bush believe Richard Clark at set of it. So, however, I just want to correct your statement. The Richard Clark is a registered Republican. Uh, as Richard Clark admitted, I meet the press on the he voted for Goor in 2000. And didn't want to say who will vote for this year. Uh, I understand that, but he still, you can vote for anybody you want. But he's still a registered Republican. That I didn't just make that up. He said it. It's in the book. He voted for, uh, Yadia. He says, I'm not going to win Doris Kerry. That's what the White House wants me to do. They want me to say I'm part, uh, when you vote for him. That's my business card said to maybe he will maybe you won't. But he is a registered Republican. And by the way, Jane, you better hope that many people are registered Republicans also don't vote for Bush. He saw Richard Clark. I just mentioned that in passing. So, Jane, nice try. Thank you for the memories, but you're wrong and I want it. And anyway, where we going? I mean, he did vote for Gore, but he's still a registered Republican. Okay, you got that. Is that so difficult to understand? Yeah, there we go. Hound dog. Loving you. Oh, this might be one of throw-off. These are horrible. Uh, oh. Small smile. My, like, dude. Oh, and he, yeah, and you hear the way he said that? Yeah. He said those words like you're glad it's fun with his mommy till he was about 30 years old. Fuck, I'm sorry. Listen, I would like to, kind of like, my, like, what's it up a little of us, come on? Loving you. Uh, just loving you. I mean, you called that singing? I actually, when it comes to singing, put him almost in the same category with Dean Martin and Puri Koma. No, boy. Well, you know what I mean, guys, it couldn't sing a lick. They might be able to lick, but they sure couldn't sing. They're coming right here. I'll show up. Oh, no. I don't know. We got it. Are you writing these down, Josh? He is. Are we getting these on the computer on our pool? Eventually. Now, I would say heartbreak hotel comes close to being like a real song when you. Yeah, it's adequate. Attequate. And that's where the singing stops right there. They're like that. I'm in fact also. Let's put Dean Crossbee in there too. The great crewner being Crossbee. Yeah. Remember, true love. Being Crossbee in first grade? Yeah. I'm, I'm, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, there were those people above a boot, above a A was kind of sticky. You know, they really couldn't sing, but it was just that it was nobody else around. They picked up the slack and made a lot of money. I have no talent. I was saying, all that bad is if she all was rocking up that one through part of the piano. But it is corn. Oh, and now somebody says a little less conversation is the best Elvis song and the only one I can listen to. Oh my god, it's lunchtime and it's also time to... You brought yesterday's lunch to humankind. Wow. Let's put that on there, a little less conversation. The only reason that Randy would say that who said the facts is because he's probably a punk and that that came out like he or two ago. I got that here too, but I think I'm not gonna play it. Good, thank you. That would be cool. I'm an usual punisher with even cool audience. Yeah, that would be cool. Oh, oh, this is so great. Yeah, don't be cool, Elvis, come on. We're all going to race land everybody, how about that bus? Well, by the way, we just checked and Elvis is still dead. Who's gonna go? I am from Australia now. Ruff, laden, and I like scrubbing my belly, drill, ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new Ruffay, I'm gonna use the hour. The guy I am from the morning. Celebrity fragrances have reached dazzling new heights. The list with Taylor has white diamonds. Jennifer Lopez has glow. And now, Courtney Love has plummidia. Plummidia. The enticing new aroma from Courtney Love's whole surprised the one you love. By giving them plummidia. I'm in here. The conphidious fragrance from Courtney Love. Look for the bottle shape like a... Oh, well, just look for the bottle for the media. Available at smears, right A, JCPU. And our gangrene's location. From the owner's five 60 WQM, we gotta have you do now. See Elvis sucks on that pool of the judge. No, over time. And we can put this up there anytime you want, Eric. We can get this done and leave you alone for the rest of the day while you eat your ballooning. Let's get that on there right away. Elvis sucks. That's gonna win. Yeah, my vote. One night. Let's get that on there. So I can vote in a crack this thing open here. One night. Which I don't have that here. I can't believe it. I don't have it either. You don't have it there either. I mean, I didn't look through all the 50. Your lion's CD. He's lion, Josh. He just don't want to play it. It's not good. It doesn't have it. Doesn't have it. No, wasn't him top 10. I got that same thing here too. I don't know. Golden records. I don't get it. How come one night is now here? You know the song I'm talking about. Oh yeah. Sure. Let's see. Gail House Rockery got that on there. Yeah. Too much. Don't be cruel. That's when your heart aches begin. You got that? We do that. Oh. Oh my god. Just unbelievably man. You're right, you're here. That's when your heart aches begin. When the music starts. How about? A bit of a bit. Petty Bear. You're right. He actually sucked. I never really thought about it as much until I saw that thing. I'm independent film. She had already set me off this morning. And then you said, I mean, you know, I took a lot of courage on George's part to say for a little guy like George. He sucked. And you're right. Most of the music was garbage. But if you've got as many songs as he has about the people songs as he has. You're going to have that. You're following this now because I'm going kind of biased here. You know what I mean? See, if you had people writing a whole bunch of songs for you, a couple of them just by accident or bound to be good. Right. Now what about if you say this song sucks, they're going to be coming in there. They're going to be protesting, pick it in the station. Even though you might have a point. Here we go. Up or down. Down. Down. Down. All right. So saccharine man that there are there. There are there are lab retur A mice that are dying just from here and now. I think the creepy notary arrow. Or should get her with that song. There. There. Oh, creepy nice. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. Oh. He might be. We want to do that pull of the most overrated performers of all time. He might have to be right there. It's the top of the list, you know. He's the king of the king of the king. Yeah, good job. Come on. Anyway, you want me? Anyway, you want me, got it? Oh. God. All this one, George's in like it. I want you. I need you. I love you. It's corn. Oh, man. Oh my god. Well now here's why that you might actually like a little bit. I think it's okay What im hilt the things you know that's all right mom. Yeah, that's all right Yeah, I You Actually listen that voice out like somebody's squeezing him with a vice you know Squishness private. Yeah probably mama what Maybe let's play a house What kind of You know I think that we hit a mother load today. I think we stumbled into the biggest problem of all time the problem in the world today It's not fundamentalist religion. It's not crazy political leaders. It's Elvis I think Elvis has driven a world man those people are were screaming about Elvis when he was on it Solomon and the other TV show Steve Allen in the beginning. I think they may have had a point I think Elvis is turning the entire human race into a bunch of lunatics Misgrade train this ain't too bad. You could good. Hey today How fun at mystery train It's terrible like I said What the deal my balloon Oh Yeah, Carl Perkins should have sued his ass. Well, it's just not the way it works, you know Anyway, what do we got so far Elvis sucks 11 Your all-time favorite Elvis Presley some got the new poll up there all shook up to jail house rock two one night That was my vote the last conversation one. I was there and we know who it is and I was the first 17 votes just went under like now Let's get a million votes on this okay because we discovered it in that Elvis is the problem in the world. It is it really is All of these other people are your blaming bush and Kind of Lisa and this one and a Clinton and all of these other people. It's not them It's not even the alkite of people. It's not all these other crazy fundamentalist born again lunatic religion It's Elvis because that's where the gender with self Yeah, I used to when I saw those people this morning on that flick what there was an even that thing taking care of Elvis On independent film channel it was the following a group a Anunterized that threatened that slept that tricked all away from Australia to Grace land to pay tribute to Elvis and they had a candlelight vigil outside of Grace land And they all sat there with their candles that and all their little pictures of Elvis all around I'm not talking about a few people. I'm talking about hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of crazy people Of which there are millions in these people in the world. I mean there was only a few from Australia there, but there are millions of these people running around loose, you know They love him tender. Oh, did you get that honorio? Love them sick contenders. They'll kill you by the way Look at that Elvis sucks has got 18 votes out of the first 29 not looking to good for the king WCWM hello nobody there on the Elvis line 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T and Verizon Elvis line WCWM hello thing. They all how you doing pretty good I know you don't like multiple nominations, but there's just so many Elvis songs that are actually pretty good. Okay. Let's say here what some of them are Well, his latest flame for eat the name of his latest flame. That's a great song That was not when so's a great song. It was okay his latest time Little sister was a pretty weak right? Yeah, I think you mentioned stitches mine Can talk to you rain was a good song too I would agree with that in fact I got it here somewhere. I'll play a little bit of that Kentucky rain was good Okay, and you too Well, how do you like that he said his latest flame? That had a number of these the name of his latest flame That if we put burning love on air because that one is good We're doing it rain love return to sender. Huh? Okay, and all the Elvis haters and all the punks out there. We don't know for Elvis What you know what to bed you might learn some of the you might learn what really bad music all about I mean that's right What I was the one I just said Kentucky rain I know I had that here somewhere Huh any bed And ain't too bad. It's one that you might actually say yeah. I would just do a couple of bars of it. I didn't set out to hate Elvis, you know It just it just happened organically I see Not good I take that what I just said not good It's a terrible song what about fever take you lay huh? Take you had that big mole on her push the razor play down Josh Come on people in a morning and you know what tonight How about you part? We're just thinking about that chick. We have fever fear I think we should go away. That would be okay Oh, here's one I got a woman See I got In this last call or how could he have left out one of the most famous and one of my least favorite The song that would make you look stop out of church forever In the get-to Got that one down Josh Good morning I discovered it at George is not always wrong once in a while just by accident he stumbles into something He real bucket of stuff even if he's right Elvis sucked God, so you know I looked through all these golden records here Yeah, I found blue switch used by Carl Perkins, but no all the songs at all and any of these did you know What that's because they couldn't get those don't you understand because our CA had a copyright on that It's not because they wouldn't want to put them on or you crazy but it happens that way with the betles to Right What was the other one he said oh there's a whole bunch of money. We got suspicious minds. What about good luck charm? If you must Right, oh and another one that really was a big hit and it was just horrible. It was the foopside Don't Don't I got a good one for you. I don't think I have it here It's one that I like and you might actually too won't you wear my ring around you neck where my ring around your neck is the name of the song There's one you haven't I don't remember that. I don't have it You don't know the song what you wear by ring around your neck. Yes, you do you know that song They were made in time You got it there somewhere. I got a can't believe you you're you're just the anti-album The houses let me cut I know how how can I be honest this it's not supposed to be in that spot Well You Aren't I did woman big hunk a love the the this is a disc that does the numbers don't match the the menu You know what I'm noticing maybe I have the wrong disc in there. Yes all these songs and rapid succession I've never listened to actually you know like an Elvis's greatest hits yeah a lot of these sound awfully Same a similar yeah To each other yeah yeah Well, I ask you if you played a lot of the stone songs many of them sound the same perhaps a lot of the early Beatles songs They all sound the same the Beatles early stuff was garbage You were a little more right. I like the early Beatles What about heart-headed what you liked the early Beatles like please please me not like the letterday Never the lesson was just fine for it's time. Oh, it was horrible. She loves you. Oh my good And a big hunk of Big hunk of love Well, he's your hat a lot of hits Forgotten. Couldn't sing how about stuck on you man? Stuck on Jews and then of course there was always It's now or never And How could you forget one of the classic Elvis songs man? This is the definitive Elvis Really cruning and moon and Great minds work alike as usual so the list is growing man we're gonna have 8,000 Elvis songs feet of vote on or you can just say Elvis sucks Which I'm convinced I'm gonna change my vote Elvis just blew 12 13 at 560 WQM if you're an a dead end job man like you're hanging out at Graceland all the time trying to find some And Elvis bubblegum cards if you're underpaid nover work you'd like to have yourself some skills man So you can get you saw some real a cash get your hands on a real job Here's what to do it make one easy call to our friends at fast train Tulfree one eight six six fast train They can have you trained in certified for a brand new high-paying computer network professional career and just four months time What's not to like that's true you can be fully trained already for a great new career and as well as four short months Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule They offer job placement assistance and financially to people who qualify to seven convenient locations are waiting for you So don't wait change your life for the better get out of your dead end and get yourself some real skills and a big fat paycheck That goes along with it call them today first check them out in the web if you like it fast train.com and then make that call once and for all call toll free one eight six six fast train You're supposed to be a You a Nail Rogers I will bless them a soul with wrongly some Marie now We got a perfect up the family tree I'm spinning in my grave and I'm about to throw up a jakey's ass Oh, if I could get dug up Oh Oh Well my leg is a rotted in my arms fell off So cold in the grave a god a nasty cup But he got pops up a night, but a cup by both hands If I could get dug up Oh Hmm Well a break is jawing given to black ass To nose with swell ups and it's original size I bleed here skin till he's all gone Open the mobile chip looks also do me a favor if you love me Bring a back home to the cemetery There's a lot of love and put it about I gotta beat up, but I can't Well, so get dug up Oh There you go Tracy and Ken less for you. She fact and says I love many Elvis songs, but my vote for the pull is burn and love I would agree that's pretty good song. It's all right, and we got a bit we can play Well, we can't play the Vulcan Brian tribute to Elvis. I just auditioned after in a break into Good thing I did because it's got a lot of those raspberry kind of sounds, but they're not raspberries. What bit is that? I don't know Burn and love you, sir. We got a bit. Oh, we do Know that one the one you just played. Oh, I see I could get dug up. That's we got burn and roi It's but I don't think we can play that Can we let's play as much as we can that's our audition All right then We make it three seconds oh man Woo That was one of the shortest auditions in history even the even the gong showing they were going to anybody Out that bad. I'm gonna say a match Yeah for many reasons Wow that was shocking Anyway Tracy says I'm a closet Elvis fan. I was a grace lady January and love that it's definitely a musty for the Elvis fan The only sad actually pathetic thing I saw with people crying during the tour Everything you say about Elvis What people crying during the tour? Yes About what about the fact that the king is gone don't you understand? This is very serious business mister but his music and family bond divine and our CAs we'll happy about it Everything you say about Elvis is right on effect the first song you sang for some records was a birthday ballad for his mama Although he's known as the king of rock that's all right mama was the first hit that I just played little That dinner yeah, yeah, you did all the ever wanted to sing with slow balance and I hate all of them She says could you play the song about Elvis turning our just didn't? More importantly says Tracy over the weekend. I watched Bill Clinton speak of the democratic unity dinner And he was nothing short of amazing. I saw that he was great like always he's sensational My husband and I agreed we'd vote for him again in the instant amen Though we can run for president we agree with your idea if couldn't run it for VP maybe we could start a website Clinton for VP calm and force him to run and save us from the bush regime thanks Tracy But we got enough on our play it already okay enough campaigns and we're not doing too good on this one right here. I'm amazed We needed what 96 to get to 14,000 yeah in Florida and we still need 70 Thanks about all that exciting huh? We can do it. We got 70 to go to get to 14,000 stop FCC dot com. Let's get with it. Okay We're trying to entertain you with some Elvis Which is probably why they're not voting okay they're probably gone they're probably rushing over to rush now to pop up Like I said surrender one of the all-time worst Elvis song what about good luck charm that's kind of innocuous Horrible just awful I mean seriously forgot it had how many thousand songs did he be And all those a gospel balance and all that crap to and and out of all of that have like only maybe a two or three that we could Honestly say what I was doing really good crap, you know if he didn't have that act how many hits do you think he does? Oh yeah, oh yeah, I don't have this one either. Maybe I do maybe I don't the wonder of you Right at pace off time to the wonder of Jews I don't think I have that I'm worth how are some of these oh here it is I do have it and get some before's to play like a little tiny bit Yeah Thank you. Yeah, thank you so very well. That's true. Are you Lonesome tonight? Do we already just play our we won't I think I just wonder of you I wonder At any rate well it was one of those things in its time you know what I mean in its time Sure Rudy Valley was great too in his time and we're Rudy and a valley I'm really pissed off about that fact that's taken so long and in fact if you look at the last five people decide to petition Stop FCC.com Alan from Massachusetts They're in from California. Vin from Massachusetts a brand from Texas Carolyn her New Jersey goes at last five anybody from Florida? Oh no No Now I got news for our guarantee that there are thousands of people have been doing nothing last week and a half We've been talking about this sitting on your ass. Oh, Jeaniel. That's really interesting, but you know can we do something a little more fun than that you know We don't want to sign no petition get with it How many radio shows need to go off the air before you find the discovery that freedom of species day? I'm sorry man. Well we're on our way believe me Oh, here's some good news though patient wins the right to fly with pot Okay, I'm in who legally smokes marijuana from a dissinal per position should have been allowed to board a delta airlines flight with a drug federal official said But the US Department of Transportation dismissed a complaint filed by stock broker Irfan Rosenfeld who alleged that the airline discriminated against him when ticket agents refused to let him board a flight in 2001 from forlaterdale of Washington Rosenfeld is suffers a chronic bone condition as legally smoked pot since he was placed in the federal government's medical marriage a we need program in 82 is among fewer than 10 people who have the right to Caramera one under the program which stopped accepting new patients in 92 a Delta spokesman said the airline had no comment The government report released Friday said Rosenfeld's convective in incident amount of the grandstanding Rosenfeld said marijuana is the only medication effective in treating a rare bone disease causing tumor growth Muscle spasms and internal bleeding He smokes about 12 joints each day and plans to appear the order Grandstanding I mean I mean minor things like internal bleeding muscle spasms tumor growth Only minor things like that He was grandstanding cry baby how sad 567.0560 pound 560. It's an all Elvis a Tuesday baby. How's it coming? What's your all-time favorite Elvis Presley song Elvis sucks 40 all shook up 10 jail house rock nine a little less conversation eight sucks How in dog six blue switch you six five for one night. I like one night's for you We sure had it that's all right mama three loving you three burning love two Kentucky rain one Did we get return to center on here or not? Hmm because if we don't have return to center on here. I'm gonna be really really upset look at all those songs on there My god, I only hundred and seven votes so because they're really they're all gone I don't see me turn to center. Did you miss on at one? It's good not there now Yeah, oops return to center that could be one of the ones that's even worth uh and I play that return my molar thing As kind of like a little suburbable uh suggestion there and just look right on by See this is the kind of stuff you have to put up with Josh you can't can't every day have like a really hot great stuff that you want here about like naked women things like that, okay? And this is no this is the punishment you get for uh suck it up to that Lucy Lou. Oh god In fact, you know something I'd rather listen to Elvis the next hour than ever see Lucy Lou again Sure, I love Lucy but not that Lucy, okay? Lucy will ball great Lucy Lou Nasty looking wow Right, I say it's time to start checking out a little action over there in China myself 26 past noon at five 60 WQM if you want to know more of I was speaking to Chinese you don't just found 5000 Chinese people in Toronto I do know and I would say half of them look a whole lot better than Lucy Lou even most of the guys are pretty and she is but anyway If you want to know a lot more about following a low carb diet here's the deal for you head forward to lights a West Boca Whether you're starting on re or restarting the atkins sugar buster south beach ready low car Sugar free diet the lights a West Boca's always been the number one low carb store in the universe and for good reason because you can't tap their Selection baby over 1200 low car products to choose from including Reds and bagels cookies crackers chips brownies chocolates Carbolite ice cream pasta sauces ketchup cheese gates and the list goes on almost forever And don't forget if it's brand new and great tasting in the low carb field the lights will have it before anybody They're open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10 You can always try anything Mr. before your bite. They got a friendly knowledgeable staff that really knows dieting inside and out and it The lights take you're the most complete line of atkins brands product their run sale today all day every day Delights is on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to Boston market you can call them tool free one 877 low carb WCARB that's W run away with low carb.com and don't forget there's only one to lights the West Boca's your official atkins retail center Please in that fucking All right you like a very much This here is the king I know I haven't been around much for a while But I want y'all to know that I'll be right here all of a sudden I'll be thinking of you this Christmas And I could give y'all a special Christmas message I'll miss a surprise Like How about a little please that high go by thank you Like a whole soon Christmas is a time of hoot time of joy What's wrong for loving and I sure would love it takes slides by teaching you got there Okay, what will life or what oh yeah Christmas Christmas the me means family If having a means friends the friends means getting together and getting together means Eat and all passing at times they which please while fucking right more Not the most lady right now You know, I may be a big star maybe too big But I know about it so big you can't reach out a helping hand Helping Well, yeah, and man help out those my data going there Now like I was funny Ain't nobody so big he can't stoop to help a friend and need over the holiday season I speak in a season We won't pass me that self-shaker when you get the chance like yeah, yeah, just just really tell So this Christmas why don't you all take a tip for mold a oh Not all either stay kept right where you are you know what I mean? Thank you. I want you to remember for all part of God's great big family And you know God make man into his own image And look in the mirror. I have to say God must be a big big symbol again. You know what I mean? I like it here, but I especially want you all to remember this one last thing You're all the homeless Christmas spending that popcorn up on the three Save a big big bowl for the king extra butter the little money Like you do Remember 23 of five sixty W. humor as a fanciful says if you're gonna call Elvis his music corny it's corny Hello, I will say this George before I finish the facts 34.9% of the audience say Elvis sucks which means that 61.1% Like the king or how do we better watch ourselves who my loose contact with the audience again? What the question is what's that? What's your favorite Elvis song right? So even I have a favorite Elvis song Even though you think Elvis sucks right well, okay So let's say that only 95% of the rest of the people think he's so and here's the fact If you're gonna call us in music corny consider the times and that that the week before a Hondog hit the charts and everyone song was Mitch Miller's yellow rose at Texas What? Like him or not it changed the sound of music for generations to come I thought that was Bill Haley and Fats Waller and Fats domino that changed the sound of music and the big bapa and the big when I big bapers Yeah, I'm about that time And buddy Holly sure and Carl Perkins Chuck Berry right all these people but anyway I happen to be who jailbed all there you can't you can't question the marketing power man It was very few people in history in the human race who had the marketing power of Colonel Parker not Elvis himself a Colonel Tom not to be confused with uncle Tom Says I happen to be a huge Elvis fan so be virtually impossible to pick one favorite song given by deck a 50s mystery train and a lot of him is cloudy now. I don't have that vibe. I do like a lot of him is cloudy. How do you like that? Okay, I like it 60s faming forces and she eyed blues Who Raspberry and 70s Polk salad Annie and walk a mile in my shoes? Well both of those songs were hit by somebody else right Right who did walk about my shoes Joe South? And Polk salad Annie was somebody else I could look it up, but I who the hell cares? I got important fish to find a meantime I got a very important article here by Paul Curgman in the York Times today, which is on our website This isn't America. Do I have time to read it before the break as I do yeah Paul Curgman writes last week in opinion piece in the Israeli newspaper Harraits about the killing of chic ox media yawson said this isn't America the government didn't invent intelligence material Neurisaguate the description of the threat to justify the retake So even in Israel George Bush's America has become a byword for deception and abuse of power and the administration's reaction to Richard Clarks against all enemies Provides more evidence is something rotten in the state of our government The truth is that among experts what Mr. Clark says about Mr. Bush's terrorism policy isn't controversial The fact that terrorism was placed on the back burner before 9.11 and then Mr. Bush claimed to rack Despite lack of evidence are confirmed by many sources including Bush at war by Bob Woodward And new evidence keeps emerging from Mr. Mr. Clark's main charge that the Iraqum session undermined the pursuit of al Qaeda from yesterday's USA today in 2002 troops from the fifth special forces group who specialize in Middle East were pulled off of the hunt for Osama bin Laden the prepare for the next assignment Iraq There were placements who were troops with expertise in Spanish cultures That's why the administration responded to Mr. Clark the way it responds to anyone who reveals inconvenient facts with a campaign of character assassination Some journalists seem finally to have caught on last week an AP news analysis noted that such personal attacks were standard operating procedure for this administration and said that they behind the scenes campaign to discredit Richard Foster the Medicare Actuary who revealed how the administration had decede Congress about the cost of its prescription drug bill But other journalists apparently remained ready to be used On CNN, Wolf Blitzkrieg told his viewers that unnamed officials were saying that Mr. Clark wanted to make a few bucks night in his own personal life, they're also suggesting that there are some weird aspect in his life as well This administration's reliance on smear tactics is unprecedented modern US politics even compared with Nixon's Even more disturbing is its readiness to abuse power to use its control of the government to intimidate potential critics To be fair Senator Bill Fritzkrieg's suggestion that Mr. Clark might be charged with purgery might have been his own idea, but his move reminded everyone of the White House reaction to relevant revelations by former attorney secretary Paul O'Neill and we didn't investigate into whether he'd reveal classified information The Alecriti with which this investigation was opened was of course In sharp contrast with the administration's evident lack of interest and finding out who leaked the identity of CIA operative salary claimed about Novak And there are many other cases of apparent abuse of power by the administration's congressional allies A few examples According to the Hill Republic of Lamae, her strength to cut off funds from the GEO Unless it dropped its lawsuit against Dick Cheney The Washington Post has represented Michael O'Neill told lobbyist that a congressional probe might ease if it replaced its democratic lobbyist Where they were public in Tom Delay used the Homeland Security Department to track down Democrats trying to prevent redistricting in Texas And Medicare has spent millions of dollars on misleading ads with new drug benefit ads that look like news reports and also service commercials for the Bush campaign On the terrorism front, here's one story that Zerv Special mentioned One of the few successful post 911 terror prosecutions of case in Detroit seems to be unraveling The government would tell the information from the defense and witnesses on favorable to the prosecution were reported by accident the government says After the former lead prosecutor complained about the justed departments handling of the case He suddenly found himself facing an internal investigation and some on leaked the fact that he was under investigation to the press Where will it end? In his new book Worst In Watergate John Dean of Watergate fame says I've been watching all the elements fall into place for two possible political catastrophes One that will take the air out of the Bush Cheney balloon and the other The former describing that will take the air out of democracy Paul Craigman says New York Times is on our website read it Read it and weep You can have your choice you can wait for Elvis you can wait for America that's your choice And I think there's like some connection here if you catch my grip Uh-huh By the VV? Exactly Funny till one at five sixty WM if you're planning on doing something with your carpeting like maybe replacing it The spending of fortune don't do it even if your carpet looks worn out hopeless like it's had it Do the thing that I've been doing for over 20 years in a whole bunch of houses Isn't that as call a good people at dry concepts because they're the best in the business at bringing nasty old Staya looking carpeting back to life and making a look and smell just like brand new That's right they have only certifying trade technicians who know their stuff inside and up and they'll dry clean your carpet Same ideas drag thing you're clothing leave them look in vibrant and color salt to the touch They smell lemony fresh they're drying a couple of hours and you'll say what's not to like and it give you a written guaranteed price right up front before they start to win the job And speaking of price when you call dry concepts Ask them to put you understand by list will save you and extra 15% off their unbeatable job that they're already doing for you So column tool free and you'll never call anybody else again. I guarantee you that how many judges life on it right now? call 1-800-248-5071 That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the worldwide wicked web at dry concepts.com morning in the park a jogger found a brand new tennis mall and seeing no one around it might belong to he's lifted into his pocket into his pocket in his shorts Like her on his way home he stopped at the pedestrian crossing Waiting for the lights to change a girl standing next to him. I the large Molls in his shorts What's that she? Asked her eyes gleaming with lust Kennis ball said the man All said the girls sympathetically that must be painful. I had tennis elbow once now page two A Chinese man arranges for a hooker to come to his room for the evening once in a room they undress climate to bed and Make love Finish the Chinese man jumps up runs over to the window takes a deep breath dives under the bed Climes out the other side jumps back into the bed with a hookering commence to repeat his performance The hooker isn't pressed with the gusto of the second encounter when Finish the Chinese man jumps up runs over to the window takes a deep breath dives under the bed climbs out the other side jumps back into the bed with a hooker and begins again Hooker is amazed at this sequences repeated for Times I'll say it again for Times during the fifth encounter she decides salt tried this myself so when they're done She jumps up goes to the window takes a deep breath the fresh air dives under the bed and finds four Chinese men Paul Harvey Good day 45 if 60wm that adds a little something to it that little and wait up at the end there Huh wait for it I died I died I it's under the bed and finds four Chinese men Paul Harvey Good day How come I didn't do it that way? I didn't do it that damn it anyway. It must be a comic conspiracy Here's the fact that says handle and George senior CNN reporter William Schneider is a peanut signature I do believe that bill Schneider the political analyst Uncine in when surprised me certainly not news network They're all Philip crap PS on the FZ petition thank you very much anonymous facts are also Mike one of our chronic facts are says best Elvis song fools rush in A lot of people say that's I was an old song Rick Nelson saying that's into the very poor job of it as well Come at song, but anyway Mike likes it Also we said that was an even for movie starting some a high-ack who won our pull yesterday Okay, now let's see 31 on the half percent say Elvis sucks 59 But it's early yet that's out of the first 187 Before we do that let's see stop FCC c.com 13951 which means we still got 49 to go for 14,000 what is going on over here? I don't think we're gonna do it by two o'clock view We we can yeah we can do it 49 which means we're 250 behind Texas you're right We're not gonna pass them today. All we have cut the margin down just ever so slightly because they're obviously doing something too Which is good keep that total going up there. That's what it's all about But we need 49 more people who'll care enough to send their very best take 30 seconds out of their busy day Go to their little hug keyboard tap it out go to stop FCC dot com and sign that petition I mean it's a very least that you can do I'm looking at the five names on their last five oh Hio Texas Texas Iowa Texas They're doing in Texas are they doing in Florida? No, they're not doing Florida dammit Okay, let's get a result of the pool Elvis sucks 31.2% 60 all shook up 16 Jail house rock 15 a little less conversation 12 suspicious minds 11. How long ago 11 in the getto nine Blue Swade Tuesday return to center eight one night's got seven Kentucky rain six that's all right mama the move will we're off to say you're pushing me off the side of the bed for Love me 10 what does that say love him tender love him tender Lucky little boy I'm telling this puts that you got sitting there man How much I would say his brain is the size of a Doesn't know any of these songs. I'd say his brain is the size of a Yeah, you got it Love me tender All right, whatever you say any rest of we got like almost nothing but you'll see this is gonna build that one 80 million votes under by the time the Elvis people on the Rhonda America in the world find this pull on there It's gonna have votes up the old ass. See I said it again ass And then what Kennedy said ass not what you can do for your country something like that WQAM hello Yeah, hi Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing man? I have pretty good long for the Elvis okay? This he's not all the greatest but there's a couple ones that are standouts. I think it's one called if I can dream It's excellent song so if I can dream if I can dream I Don't know about album this owner and that stuff, but it's pretty powerful Okay, okay, thanks. I can't I love you show that's a lot if I can dream there's one for you another one we forgot A fool such as I got that got it good. I mean there's another one too that probably has got to be on the list nobody's called it in yet Mark With all apologies to Don Ho or we can't say Hold on Marm sir. We've done This is almost as good as the Rick Sanchez things, you know wedding song Hawaiian wedding song I That's pretty weak line wedding song got it got it Oh my god we could have played all of these and killed a lot of good time, but I would have been bad Then we how many people would be left? Not sure to man nobody because I don't care about a 31.3% of Elvis sucks I think the other people just ran away and I don't blame him. Sorry Don't forget you got a couple of hours to go log on at wqm.com make your bits for the first ever QAM online auction Now let me ask you something Because this facts is unacceptable. Where is the money going? You see what I'm saying? Where's it going? The money for this auction. In other words, they're it No, this has got to be for charity, right? Says who says what? So in other words, Terence is going to put the money in his pocket. Is that what you tell me? Somebody's pocket. No, this is going to be for charity. If we're got to put it on there's got to be for good cause. Oh, I'm sure we are sure. It would have been nice though if he would have said enough facts what it was for though Clarence you idiot you're simply fool you simple and you little pans of you Lots of great items up for auction including a skybox for 12-Dromarland's braised game an autographed on Shula football signed by the brainstorm An autograph Ricky Williams football a framed in signed in Reno photo from Rotigot to the panther final home game of the season against Carolina That's the Carolina Hurricanes in the great Ron Francis not So log on register and start bidding a WQM.com because the auction ends at 3 o'clock this afternoon Maybe why the end of the show will find out where the money's going Because we're gonna no if it's not going to charity if we're gonna keep from on it We should have a little split amongst us don't you think? Straight where the house of money going Clarence WQM Elvis line hello Yes, sir Viva lost Vegas how could we forget thank you guys? All right, fine Viva lost Vegas Viva memory those horrible Vegas trips don't it oh man would Bob Lincoln Because he was singing and he was singing Bob Lincoln was stinking Yeah, Viva lost Vegas in a group that was after we went through all of that crap We won both of those we in a second one all of that oh God wow And fat rich was busy there not mining his own business but telling Bobbling oh don't worry he's there He won't be upset he'll forget about this right. I remember the stink bombs I remember the silly string you get inspired by the stuff right? The little string uh-huh which was funny actually was it really Well, it wasn't if I went a bit of if I wasn't been a better mood I would have minded so much except it effect we had gone through all of that crap and everybody in the entourage right to stop at me since it was my deal Oh man, I'm sitting in with all that green silly string all over my post man. I'm hyperfenently Yeah, you're good buddy Scotty Mac what a simple demand He he was so perfect for that. I did that one time about 15 years. I hope y'all bet Man, just pathetic anyway that's Viva lost Vegas. It's a fun song. It's okay, you know I wouldn't say it's a great song. It's gonna go down in the handles of music history is so one of the all time I wouldn't put it in the same category where anything music by the doors for example It's more I just say that is kind of a humorous aside WQA and hello yeah I just wanted to say that Elvis was a patty and a music song, but he did walk into the White House with a gun So you gotta give him a special there. There you go. I never thought about that good point And the worst part of the deal is that Nixon was inside at the time so I guess he missed his chance just like what's his name said so also in godpots. I had my chance I am the hunted one five six seven oh five six something like that. I don't know See how quick they forget something like that All those great lines. I had the whole day movie memorized once upon a time in America, but now whole different story What are you gonna do nice college boy? They want to get mixed up in the family business and now you want to go and down a police cap one because he's left you in a facial a little bit What do you think the army where you shoot them on my way you're gonna get a close like this The thing you brought at friends all over your nice side of the league suit come in You're taking a special first The thing you brought at friends all over your nice side of the league suit The thing you brought at friends all over your nice side of the league suit there are a few people like James Con man he's great. He really is down to my I got the pretty old though Happens to the best of us. How many QAM hello? Hello. Yes, man. I heard you're having a pull on a liar Right, I want to add your castle to that. Why is that? Normal on time What do you lie to you about? He's saying wasn't married No, we didn't lie to me personally, but I know him personally Everybody please. I'm all right. Yeah, I'm all right. How about one? Everything yeah, well give me an example about what oh my god Yeah, let's see how good he is That's okay, great. Okay Wow She what I mean about the will and I've got to hear me of that. I'm not I Mean of all people for me to be begging for him. I can I say you guys begging for him for various reasons But I just forget about it. Okay. I need to have that taken out of my mind. Well, what the hell difference is make? We're doing just fine. Okay So next time I start with that crap just say but got about it. That's right Wow, what a bad idea Yeah, we were taking a pull on that and President Lincoln by the way still got a bad headache WQM hello line nine Yes, sir You have Okay The reason why I'm choosing this one is because of the realism you know it it's like a life experience In the ghetto In the ghetto. I think we put that on we did. Oh, okay. Thanks, bali. Thank you. I'll see in the hood In the get-to Well, I mean, I don't know why he said that with that to like elicit sympathy or something We could we could probably take in some of the money from the auction and ship it off to this guy so I'm like he could use it Wouldn't heart Did we put Kentucky wait on there pretty sure we did? That was pretty weak See the passage of time maybe think that this song of all these other horrible ones was a lot better But now let me ask you this question before we do the break Now somebody made a good point before maybe was one of them facts is there that we're judging him based on you know It's very difficult to judge people out of context within the era that they were popular in that is correct So I do consider the era that they were in and what was going on right at the time and there was much better music going on at Right we can so we consider all of these things we examined And then we say he's Oh This not a tumor it's the one the two hour Well, it wasn't even close Okay They've been all it was like 33 but that don't care and the water's okay Because now I'm done the proper data of the candy for your people Well, I use not like my muscle and I use not like my sex appeal I'm very hot. I guess the waters didn't care that I may all those people out of which is the school Ha ha ha ha Well, if you're honest with you public and you tell them you had a Bible screen Trust me Therefore give you like it me and the link you to the GOP Isn't he changing the song Who's the man? He's a bad man so a Mario brother never had a friend No Don't know the start about the techie Give her a piece He's been a bit on the a photo yesterday Don't you think? I mean, I'm supposedly a lot of women think that he's really hot. He's rude to grow test-looking We're like he's got the mask of Death over his face, but he's a lot of women think he's really hot stuff The good opener and by the way he ain't gonna participate in an investigation 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and T and Verizon wireless line a very important question today for America What's your all-time favorite Elvis song? Elvis sucks 72 how did that go? I mean it sounds that thing if you want a 9.1% jailhouse rock 20 all-shark up 17 a little less conversation 15 I might be forced to play a little bit of that teeny tiny bit suspicious minds 15 How in dog 13 blue swage used 12 in the get-to-10 return to center nine That's all right mama eight one night eight Kentucky rain seven loving use six burning love six It's now in a number five loving loving me tender for and the pretty small after that But like I said there'll be 80 million votes on there when they're all counted now during the news break or the other than the news break For just a second there I had memories of working on a real radio station that had news during a commercial break there It is oh we're gonna do it easy now see that That's it we had a big flurry on there during the break All third one also during the break Josh. Yes, tell me what the name of the charity is and what is that? Beasley broadcast group. Oh four presidential campaign fund Come on No, I'm sorry Seriously, yes, they beasley broadcast group I'm done What what does that mean the company the The company easily broadcast per bankruptcy prevention fund No, you have to be making this up this has to be a joke. All right The beasley broadcast group for profit the first QM online auction where doing this for profit and upward charity This well, why did you tell us that first I would never promoted this photo there you are you think what a fucking that is man I don't want to be a party party to that you clown if I why don't they take the money to get from that and give it to us So we can take our ad out and you want to say today first off at CC dot com Of course they wouldn't want to do that those right wingers over to Naples would they no no Burn in love don't we have brutal of honor or we got burn off. Thank you Stu But we already got your burning love oh yeah the Christmas tunes blue Christmas since we already played blue Elvis We didn't played blue Elvis did we? No, well we will Eventually Okay, so let's get that on it right away blue Christmas from Dave from Penfield You believe we got somebody listening in Penfield New York which is a suburb of Rochester Wow, that is exciting Okay 13,984 so we need a 16 more signatures by two to get to 14,000 for Florida 16 only 220 semi-high Texas year right tomorrow be today will pass them like they're standing still That will love that total, huh? That'll be the day tomorrow pass up them Yahoo's But at any rate that what you just told me is so mind blowing so He was serious when he said that yes, we're all very serious here How is that possible though? What do you mean I mean that that's the the chiniest thing I ever heard of in my life and you're offering off a bunch of stuff I mean radio stations do that for charity for some worthwhile cause they don't do it so they can stuff the money in their own pocket That's right radio stations do that. Oh, I see her for God. How silly W to QAM hello Hey, Neil yes, sir. Did you have a call in the trap on there call in the trap? We did not have that, but we do now That's what I'm now what that was The emotion yesterday That's what I To Pope John Paul I go to mass on Saturday just so I could see the football games on something Thanks a lot Neil okay. Thank you. How do you like that? There's a guy that still wants to go to heaven and not to go to hell But he goes on Saturday to fulfill his his obligations, but he don't want to miss his football on Sunday So what he basically says to the Pope is whoop raspberry? No, I don't know what shocked me more today The Elvis thing on the independent film channel which I apologize for wasting all this time with his Elvis crap But that or the fact that we got this radio station And again, what a weekling I am I should ask in the beginning, but it seemed to me that I had taught this was for like one of the charities that Mo gets involved with her guilty or something like that And and this is not this is not connected with any good worthwhile cause it's a rip off It's let's go when you know something I got a good idea. I'll fight a bunch of crap Yeah, we got crap here. You know no seriously how about all those tickets instead of giving Josh's already got the dolphin tickets, but how about those Marlon tickets and a panther tickets? I'm gonna get a few sent but One of those well I'll just start off shooting them off on our website speaking of memorabilia since that's the kind of thing they're offering right All these plaques and trophies that you've won over the years up here right Like that's right there. I worth a crack to me, but I bet you some of the sucker out. I mean some collector would be lighted to have them The we have reached I want the audience to mark this down, okay We have reached a low point in the history of WQA radio. I thought when the two live Jews on the station Sunshine wireless or whatever was I thought when those guys owned it was it was it was pretty nasty. It was really weak But right now today March 30th 2004 We have reached the lowest point in the history of this place. How how low can you go? To have us promoting this thinking it's for some worthwhile cause. I mean like I have never heard of such a thing have you anywhere No quite honestly Wow holy moly 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T. I got an understanding of cheap channel was doing it. They got to have somebody to pay off all the FCC funds Maybe that's what this is for in case that for real business comes back and quite so many ass that could be it It's the fine fun. It's the fine fun for the for-well days. That might be it WQA. Hello Yes, sir. Hey, doing pretty good. Hey, is there a music book available that that tells you that About the artist in the songs they did? I know there's a book that you have that usually go to. Yeah, when you go to a bookstore like Dalton's or borders is something go to the music section And this this one is the billboard top 40 hits, okay, and it's a real thick book and it's got all the It's really great because it's got it by the name of the song by the artist by a whole deal That's what I'm looking for also. Would you be interested in a concert tape that I have that was done in 2002 with Edwin star grass roots Tommy James and the Shondales Carl Carlton. Would you be interested in that tape a video tape or audio tape? That was video really yes Greenite concert done in 2002. I'll be damned Anyway, get that to you. I'll put down hold and Joshua tell you where to send it. Okay. Thanks, pal. Okay You're gonna tell me where to go Josh. I mean we're to send it. I can do that good All this sucks only 28.2 percent that's pretty interesting isn't it? I thought it would be higher than that me to Seems in the old and days back in the day when we had audience. I mean back in the day when we had some credibility 78 people said Elvis sucks 28.2 percent Chill house rock 20 all shook up 18 little less conversation 17. I keep trying to play it. I will Us the specialist mind 17 how old is 16 loose way choose 12 and to get to 11 return to send it 10 only doing the ones with 10 and mole right now How many QA I'm hello What was it something about peepy oh something about peepy? Okay, well, maybe you can withdraw a picture five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and team by the way Get a new phone okay, pots W2A I'm hello Yes, sir, do you speak? Speaking oh Yeah, I want to give you a phone for the poll You're maybe nobody knows it's way back when promised land promise land oh, I never heard of it Look it up and see if you can find it play it and see what you think. Okay, thanks. All right, all right Promise land you got it Got it Okay Doing a hell of a job there that Josh he's got this guy bringing him that tape in fact maybe we can auction the tape off All right, yeah That's our first item In fact, I got a good idea. Let's let's get that out of this to hold in thing and let's just the next few weeks We'll just auction off everything we get our hands on okay. We'll just start taking like a Keyboards and monitors and all everything we find that is nailed out of the building. It's all right auctioning off on our own website Well, no one here say well, where's that money going? We're gonna say in our pocket I'd Eric start a new website named after Neil's auction's called E. Gay Right, it's the anirages crew retirement fund E. Gay, right I like it From it it's after one at five sixty wcum that it is the biggest Embarrassment I mean every time you think that they've reached a new level of embarrassment on this company They they come up with something new. It's so low It is so slimy and smart me. It's got an aroma stench of it that just I can't even describe this first enough these days If your mappers just kind of like that too, in other words, it's worn out it's had it here's the answer Make one easy called dilemma efforts. It's what I've been doing for a long time 1-800 mappers You'll love these people because they back up everything they say in a advertising 110% But their competitors still lie like crazy, man We define print when you see those macrosides because there were a lot of BS stories out there for example Big headline that says half-awk price But then you find out it only applies to limited selection of items that you never wanted in the first place Everything else still full price and they probably double the regular price first of that sale merchandise and you'll probably never be able to make a first change If you don't like it, but a dilemma at first There are just have no tiny print No disclaimers when you call 1-800 mappers you'll see their prices are so low Other stores have to offer half-awk sales just to compete to be in the ball game Dautamactors has a no risk 30-day covered exchange policy And all beds including yours and don't forget when you call that on my present 1-800 mappers You're getting a company ranked number one in the world and overall customer satisfaction from candle the store From Palm Beach to Ford Myers and our friends at Dautamactors reminded to read that fine print because they want you to know exactly what you're buying Even if you decide not to buy from them. So you want to do the smart thing the easy thing forget about those betting and apartment stores Do what I always do make that one simple call they'll be there when you want them to call 1-800 mappers or log on to Macros.com Dautamactors for 1-800 ma ttr Yes, the honest way to get to a great night sleep for years to come This is for 25-60 2-8 Dautama'' She's so black, but it's guess, did I see Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh means that he won't But any more L things, all this is you Well, this is you I thought we were gonna do this Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah That is never Yeah, yeah You weren't feeling white right That you're face Turn it on white Oh, then you You turn blue Yeah, yeah That's what we were gonna do Good bye to you Yeah Oh Forever Oh Let your stone The King of the Reveal Every night I'm at home And I'm watching TV Oh, oh, oh I have to sit All his dumb movies And listen to Well, this Forever Forever It's hard to grow It's now, ever But as I watch his flicks And I look at all those chicks I wish I knew If they blew Lugus, Lugus, Lugus Oh, wish once blew Lugus Lugus, Lugus What's funny? We didn't hear that Do we? Right, always on my mind was Elvis's Where does it? Also, little sister Little sister was a douchebag Who? How do you like that? See this is what happens when you get to that pattern man Oh, dear I'm just so out of it After you told me that the deal about the You know, I'm just so out of it I'm just so out of it I'm just so out of it I'm just so out of it I'm just so out of it I'm just so out of it I'm just so out of it I'm just so out of it I'm just so out of it I'm just so out of it I'm just so out of it I'm just so out of it I'm just so out of it I'm just so out of it Pretty serious, super serious I'm just so out of it See this is that Good to see you Nothing wrong with a little sister I can't have falling in love with you I don't think we have someone Charles and Deirfield Beat says A couple of quick things regarding Elvis One, just about everything Of us recorded before he went out of the army Was pretty good everything he recorded after his discharge Of your partner's expression Would the one exception return to send or really blue I'm getting on it. I can't believe it. Even with this crowd. 13, 9, 9, 9, 6. We need four more people in Florida to sign that petition before 2 o'clock to get to 14,000. And what do you think we can do that? We could. We oughta. We will. Oh man, I'm just gagging on it after that deal. I may just lay down on the floor and pass out. Come in to QA, I'm hello. Yes sir, speaking. This is Jack. How are you? Pretty good. I just saw a bumper sticker that says invest in America by a congressman. It's pretty good too. I like that. Mr. Nailvist thing. I'm somewhat of a stain. How come? I come. We've got to go to Grace Lane today. It's not his death anniversary. No, we don't have to go today. It's just that I saw a movie on TV and documentary on independent film channel about a bunch of Australians. I want to Grace Lane about there. Okay, I'll tell her that. But you think when he's time you want man, it's open. No, no, not yet. Maybe later. Maybe when you have, you really bored. Okay, pal, good luck. I'm getting choked up from this whole thing. I'm serious. I think I'm going to have some kind of like a, a spastic attack. No, no, no. I don't mean that kind of attack. Just, you know, just like that. I'm so furious because I've got, I've been had. I don't like being had. Okay. I like, I really like the radio and it's, you know, a dishonest place. See what I mean when I talked about Greg Reid on that poll before and I voted for him on the dishonest poll? Nobody told you it was for charity. Good point of not. If they would have told me that this was an in-house scam, how many chances you think there are on a scale of zero? How many chances? Unless of course I might have got a little de-action. Oh! Terrence, you ought to hang your head in shame. And this is one more reason folks, why nobody should ever go to WQM.com. Ever. Even Josh will verify that because it just means more pain in the ass work for him. That's all. That's right. He's in charge of that turkey. He says don't worry about it. But every week there's about a third man. Idiots who will come. I'm most of my accident too because they're looking for this show. And you won't find any linked in the arages in there anymore because they don't want to be associated with this bill with this disgusting show. So they're in our vacuum and that's where we ought to leave them. QM.com with our sports crap with our jox traps, bunch of silly people. Oxygening off stuff side by the brainstem. WDQAM hello. Yes sir. Two quick points. People that usually bid on this sort of stuff overbid because they believe it's going to worthwhile cause. Right exactly. On top of that, they also think that they're bidding on something that's attacked to the doctorable donation. Anybody that bid on this stuff that actually follows through and pays on it is a fine list weasel. Hey man. Well said. Thanks, Pally. He's pissed off in me too. I mean, they can do whatever the hell they want. I just got to get these fired up when I hear someone say that. I don't need my permission. I got nothing to say about what they do. But to suck us into promoting us on the air. And then see, I should have known because when I asked at first time, you know, like where's the name of the charity he didn't come running right in the tell us. I shouldn't know at that point that this was another scam. This is a disgrace. If they don't take the money that they raised from this and give it to charity, I'm going to just, I don't know. I don't know what I'm going to do. I'm going to have like a, a, a, an ugly bowel movement, you know, a massive grotesque VM just as an honor of them. Wow. Unbelievable. Here's some good news though. The internet will get a little less annoying for consumers to some are a little more difficult for advertisers. Microsoft corporation, which I know you're not big fan. Microsoft, though, changes popular internet explorer web browser by the end of the June to block irritating pop-up ads. So right pop-up ads appear without warning on top of a web page requested by the user in the separate browser window. Pop under ads, which are hidden in the separate window beneath the requested content will also be affected. I think we're all very grateful for a Jonathan Gaul research manager for analysis firm IDC said yesterday. He said they've done considerable research about online advertising and the findings are pretty clear. People don't like pop up ads. Amen. So what they're going to do, let's see about that goes on. Why can't they just say something like briefly? What can the Microsoft solution be incorporated in will larger service pack of software upgrades and security fixes released by the company? The service pack is doing really sometimes before they had a June, you're just download the new stuff and then you'll have your own pop-up blocker. And you won't need all these other ones. Okay, so my drift. And won't that be a blessing? I mean, to be pop-up blockers, they're in the same league with the people that ring your phone either clock and I try to probably get something with the sketch keys that come not going on your door to try to convert you with some crap or try to, you know, I'm working my way through college someone at scan. Same thing and intrusion into our lives. Bugg off. That's our comment. But I think if courage hit any balls right now, he'd walk in and say, okay, you guys need 30 40 grand for that. And you guys say today for a really good cause of working on stop at CC dot com. And whatever money we raise from this auction is so called auction online will write it. We'll cut a check and give her right over to you guys. What you think that's a great idea. I'm sorry. I'm double over right. I didn't say you think they're going to do it. I said, I think they're the marvelous idea to try to extricate themselves from this nasty nasty smelly mess. They've gotten themselves into wow what a stench man. Even scran never smelled a span. Well, 27 after one at five 60 WQM it's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredibly pay zero closing costs zero application fees zero credit bureau fee even zero discounted points. Get yourself that new unbeatable low interest rate. It just 1.25%. If you have 100,000 dollar loan you should know by now your payments are just 3.34 a month. If you have a 200,000 dollar loan you pay just 60 eight a month. And don't forget once you refinance you get no home mortgage from financial group. You'll never pay those closing costs again. So call today and find out all about it. There's positively no obligation. Call 1 866 395 land get the low rate mortgage you deserve. They move that as an extra property. With no further cost expense. You pay zero underwriting fees zero dock fees zero closing costs even when you move to another property. Get that new amazing low rate of just 1.25%. It's called the only one mortgage from financial group never pay closing cost again. 1 866 395 land that's an amount of call for information financial group at 1 866 395 L.E. Indeed. The Rene Quill Housing Lender restrictions apply rates. Something to change monthly 4.21 APR. 5.00 local. 5.60. You. 13 baby. All right. We're. We're. We're. She went crazy on the late show that nothing drunken blonde. What she thinking on. I'm a show I vote jumped on the desk like a stripper asking letter men to whippers. Get so much out for it. Let us get the wet. It was no custom malfunction acting without compulsion. She gave her boobs a show. Congratulations on the. And for squimply blurred the rucker attempting to show a knocker. So watch out for it. I got the houses and rather. And when she left the show. She went down town with her fam. It's some guy right in the hand with her Mike stand. And then she stopped and I stopped. And she got a glare. Her poor brain must be indulal. The size of a toy poodle. There's not much up above. That's where my hair is. All her teeth. The start of rocking from the booze and oxy companies get so. Watch out for it. All right. Recytey out. Hey. Come on. All right. No. No. No. Nobody wants to see him any day. What is that smell? That's a good. What is that smell? I don't understand a word you say. I don't want to see you. Get this squad car. Oh. I can tell you why. Her arms are black and blue. And her hair's full of something. And there's her breath. What the mile. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. It's. The----------------, the eldest brother. Stern invasions purchasing spectrum from a satellite company, and then airing a show to listeners would pay a fee of a dollar a month. Stern has roughly two years left on his infinity broadcast contract, as I'm clear how we could get out of his deal if he's not fired. Lately Stern has said I'm a show that if he were fired he would probably flee the satellite, which is similar to pay cable TV network and exam for MFCC regulations so far. But the talk has been about Stern moving to one of the existing satellite radio companies and serious reds and steering starting up his own channel both XM and serious have votes it it would be interested in pairing the Stern's. So it's kind of like us you know you might do something on the internet, but you have to pay for it. Like I like good stuff like the brain stems autograph. Now has he come back in or it's an a listen it's we made him I was just a joke. Boy you're on fire today the money is really for some disabled veterans or children or something like that. Oh my god I have only one thing to say about QAM. Be afraid be very afraid. Wow. Do not go anywhere near QAM.com okay until after we are clock at least let the smoke clear until it's safe. Anyway getting back to our thing here which we have I'm so sorry and I wanted to do a good job and really promote that form because I thought it was a good cause and come to find out we've been ahead. Oh god. That's your all time favorite Elvis Presley song Elvis sucks a hundred twenty eight percent. That's not too bad really when you come right down with. No sorry. So suspicious minds twenty five. Do you know how's rock twenty three all shook up twenty two little less conversation I damn it I'll get it. Oh. Don't be here somewhere. I've been threatened to play at the whole day and since we started this madness and I'm only going to play a few seconds. I'll get panicky although I do have the eighty five minute version that goes until about midnight. Got three of them versions already got the radio edit remix got these six minute and seven second the twelve inch you extended remix one which we could play but we won't six minutes and seven seconds as always because MacArthur part. Oh this is. Wow. And by the way before goes on I just want to tell you right now I said this one time before but I'm not going to the kind of person that usually holds a grudge except in most games. Who knew who was him I gave it a shot a couple of times. Clarence don't ever darken my door again I don't want to know from you I don't want to talk to you I don't want to speak to you don't come in here in a morning and to give me just get along. Who was behind it then it wasn't Clarence who is the mastermind behind this give me a name I would assume the West Coast George Beathly. No way Bruce Beathly. This Beathly from the Archie's. Joy the attorney. Joy but no way was it was an internal thing. The Beathly don't have that merchandise what are you talking about man it's a sports thing. It's one of our sports that that's your assignment between our tomorrow morning fight out who's the a chigrant of wood pot. Okay that's enough hate that is awful and when that video came out a couple of years ago they were playing it and in Europe too on every one of the 85,000 music channels over and over and over again. Oh Elvis has gotten new single out but he's been dead for 30 years oh yeah but he just got new single out that's how talented he is. That's right he's singing from the other side that's how great he is. Say we Tony still live. Here's a fact that says why don't they just call it the WQM online yard sale scouting tickets out of the guys of an auction is against the law it says this is pathetic. Wow PS and the blue Christmas. You got blue Christmas. Sorry. Holy moly it's the QM yard sale. I didn't think it realized things for that tight and what was that about Joe Castellas Alire? Twenty-two two at five that's probably a set of probably great paid somebody off to make that call I'm sure of it. Twenty before the hour five sixteenth wq and Kimba Boe came for a tour clock and of course isn't that interesting that man dog's not there today in that two to three hour to plug that thing he probably found out too. Probably new ahead of us. Hey if your new year's resolution even though it's almost April all ready is a fallen apart which you know by this time probably most people have failed and every year year after year. Oh this year I'm going to lose the weight today was the weight. No. No. Because they haven't found a way to do it. Balance for life might be the miracle that you've been searching and praying for for a long time. Balance for life is the premier meal delivery service based on the zone died and they deliver right your door every day to that little black sack all the magic is in your black sack. Three delicious meals and two snacks every day all of a sudden you need to keep you happy all day longer in there. And we're talking fresh delicious there lot of variety nothing frozen no artificial ingredients no preservatives no crap. So like I said it's going to keep you satisfied all day long. There's no shopping no cooking no cleaning no calorie counting not even any carbohydrate counting they do all that for you. People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life. The zone died has been proven lower diabetes your blood sugar your high cholesterol high blood pressure too. And if you ever wanted to try the South Beach die here's a chance to do it with balance for life because it's the closest thing you'll ever find. Balance for life is the only meal delivery company off is your menu choices that let you go from phase one to phase three of that South Beach die. You fill out your menu once a week you've actually back and bingo all the food is there waiting for you every morning. So feel the difference to results finally on that scale the easy delicious way with balance for life. Calm today at that new toll free number one eight six six two two five 45 43. or check them out online at balance for life.com. We can't say that. We have been through the notice for the FGC. We find you will pay and take your life is the way. That's the world I know for the younger two more boys. We're like to have my radio to be destroyed. This is so far beyond what you think it is. I just went on WQM.com and I clicked on auction. Okay. At the bottom of the page in very teeny tiny print it says, easily measuring holdings LLC. Welcome to QM first online auction. You'll re vacation sports memorabilia. Welcome to the first ever QM online auction. To start bidding click on click on the link sports memorabilia or vacations to look at the various items. We have plenty of great items to bid on autographed baseball's autographed football's from autographed pictures. I'm trying to see they can do whatever it is. But somebody should have explained to us this is a commercial enterprise like eBay or something like that. This is a crap is what it is. This is a commercial venture. Yeah. We apologize for any confusion. Thanks for participating in the QM online auction. Here's the number to call. If you don't want me to pick up your item or to stick it. And I got jewelry in this and that and it brings them signed this and I'll kind of grab. So this evidently is another kind of side-finish thing I've got going on. We don't promote other businesses. That's to me every time we read that sound like a commercial as opposed to a promo because it was a commercial for a profit making venture. Josh, idiot, schmandric, schmuck, puts, is there anything else I can see on here? No. And a couple of these. Fuck. Fucking idiot. Wow. I'm not going to be promoting that no more. Let's see. What is this? I sent an email to a home. Here's a guy that sent an email from his from both to the FCC. This is why I got back. Protect our children. It says, dear Mr. So and so. Thank you for contacting me with your opinions about indecent broadcast on radio and TV. I share your concern that such broadcast might be inappropriate if you're heard by children. And it goes on totally. It's just a form of email. Let's all presume that. Right. I'm complaining about what he heard on here. He's complaining about them. Thanks for the efforts, Gerard. In Boca. Nice try. Wow. Beesley, mezzanine, holdings. Okay. There's only one thing I can say about that. What the hell is that? I feel I feel unclean. I feel like I better go in and just take about four bars of fa. Or in fact, this case, I'm going to get out the one for the Arabs. I'm going to have a fat. And just wash myself clean. I feel like I've been raped and used it in like mold. That's the food. He knows the feeling. God. See you, priest. W. W. W. W. W. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. We're in a call you yesterday. We're looking for ladies for your poll. I was going to say Patrick, lazy. Yeah, but that was yesterday's poll. We're already on our second poll today, see. I know, but I know. But I call it a day. But that's a work good choice. That's exactly what we were talking about. Even our five-hit growth. If you're going to start your auction stuff, I have some stuff to donate to you. Yeah. I have autographed, Marlin. You can sell and collect your money for these good cause of stop STC ad. So you just let us know what you want. I want you amazed by this. I get sucked into reading these promos. Thinking I'm doing a good deed that we're doing something worthwhile charitable. And it's a commercial venture they're trying to sneak past this under the guise of something else. It's very disturbing. Especially in the state they're not supporting your efforts at all. Not at least, but not in frubley, tangibly, or in any other way. Not nothing. Well, we're waiting for you to get your funds started up. And I'm going to be first on the list. Okay. Thanks. It'll be either tomorrow or Thursday. We'll get it going. Great. Okay. Thanks. And by the way, we won't lie about it and pretend that it's something else. And then come to find out. We're going to stick the money in our pockets. Wow. This is just, oh my god. Seriously. From 100 miles away in the aroma. If I open up the window right now, I'd probably pass out with me. I'll finish the show. Probably faint dead right on the floor. There it is. Am I overreacting with this? I mean, it isn't generally when they give us something like that. Not generally, but always. It's either associated with some kind of a cause. The only overreaction perhaps is the level of surprise. Yeah. But even for going them, even for these people. I find this to be so slim. I mean, if they would have like explained it to us, send us a cover sheet and said, okay, well, they've got another business that surprised it. We're promoting on a QM website. And they've gone into this now. And we could have either said, oh, we'd like to promote that or not, as the case may be. That would have been fine. But just to send us something and say, oh, can you give it and remember, yesterday, I've got to know from Clarence. Please give us all the help with this. You can. So does that mean you're not going to promote the car. Watch that they have going on downstairs either. Oh, who's getting the case from that? Oh, man. Oh, yeah. Four 41 man. Four 41. I'm sorry, road. The whole measly family's out there. And even the kid with the manjo's out there, worship cars. Coming, stepping, stepping, stepping. Right. Still scrubbing. Oh, it is grace. What's been in a disgrace, what was there? There's the letterman clip again when the kid yawning in the squimming around behind bush. Hey, spring in the savings right now. And save like never before in a new car. Truck from armistrawns Toyota of homestead on US one just 20 simple minutes out of the 86 armistrawns Toyota homestead is worth the drive no matter where you live. Because they're going to save you so much cash on great new Toyota's. We're talking $1,000. Check out these great leestials waiting for you right now. And oh, four camera, four runners just two 69 a month or 48 months. How about an or four highlander just 309 a month? Need a truck? How about an or four Toyota? This is the largest of all that can be done on the market. It's just $1,000 a month or 48 months. These are just some of the savings going on right now. It armistrawns Toyota of homestead and with those toll increases for those of you using cash on the turnpike. Armistrawns will give you a free sun pass when you buy your new car truck from them. General manager David Rich and the stamp will do just about anything except stand on their head to get you to a great and they might even do that. To get you to a great new Toyota today. So experience for yourself, the armistrawn Toyota homestead difference are locally on the operated. Committed 100% customer satisfaction too. There are service departments even open for you late till 8 week nights to make sure they get your service work done. It's easy to get there. There were US1293 in the homestead just 20 easy minutes south of the old 836. So please do yourself a humongous favor instead of wasting your time at those mega dealers or car giants who always over promised. And under liver, collar good friend David Rich, the GM at armstrong Toyota homestead. Call 305 2 4 2 3 2 4 2 3 4 7 3 0 5 2 4 2 3 2 4 2 4 2 4 7 Drive a little and save a ton on a great new Toyota at armstrong Toyota of homestead. You call this big market radio. Radio. Don't like all the hard burn. Don't don't don't. Don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don just need minutes to lift me up. What could be said if they said you'd be whoever you were, shady station for the new land. You got a Kibba Boat camper for the mad dog if you're two and then the Humphority Hebrew Hammer. I just, I'm thinking of what this is like. Like I said it's eBay all over again. There's dinner or a little version of eBay. Well, why not just tell us that? Why not just say it? Because then you wouldn't have read it. Well, I mean, if it was a commercial I might have done it, or if it had been presented in the right way, I might not have minded. Maybe if they saw them up, crap they can get the 50 bucks to pay Voker Brian. That I've got 50 did try to screw him out of every week, you know, get him off my ass. See what I'm saying? Yeah. Well, I mean, it all depends on how something is presented to you. They want to pay him anything. They don't want to pay you anything. They don't want to pay you anything. They don't want me or anybody else quite frankly. Now Josh of course handles that WQM.com. I don't want to put him on the spot right now, but, but what? How much do you know about this? No, come on man. What does that mean? No comment. That guy was like for you. I really don't. You don't have anything for me? I didn't ask you that. I'm asking you whether that'll be later. I'm asking you right now. What do you know about this thing? And what do you know when did you know it? Oh, I know. I put up the option. The option closes today at three. But you, you, what do you do? What were the items? I put them up on the site. Yeah. Well, how was this explained to you? Did you know this was a commercial enterprise? No. They had their meeting and they told me that we're going to have an option and they need the items up. That's all I know. I see. So they held their, uh, had their meeting. And they just said, OK, put this on. They were going to ask any questions just dummy up. Pretty much as usual. So don't get poor Josh involved in this because he's associated to guilt by association with qm.com, which is an anxious, uh, thank God we're not linked to that thing. Oh, man. Oh, we got jewelry invocations and all kinds of neat crap on there. And things dining. Yeah, you name it. We got it. It's eBay Jr. Beesley style. We got the banjo that the kid was playing in the tree and the livers. We got that. In fact, if you got enough cash, we even hated the kid. Right. Well, by the way, 70 years old right now, but never let he rules a lot. Wow. What's your all-time favorite Elvis Presley song was our second pull question today? Elvis sucks a hundred nine, twenty five point nine percent. That's really pretty generous to Elvis, you know what? For this crowd. Ah, for this hard bit in crowd. Don't you think? It's awful. Nice. Double digit won't suspicious minds 32 jailhouse rock 29 all stroke up 26 a little less conversation 26. I think a little less Elvis would be good. How long 21 in the get to 14 can help falling in love 14? Oh, in the getto 14 again. Kentucky rain 13 returned to center 13. Loose way choose 12. Carl Perkins rest in peace. Love may tender 11 burning love 10. That's all right. Mama 10, but move over in the bed you crowd me. And one night 10. Everything else to go to. Wow. I'm going to go on by some more Elvis. You believe me? No, but maybe you don't get a good deal on Elvis. I give up on some great Elvis hits. On some of those great tunes that we all know and I'm WQM.com. You wanted? They got it. Bye bye. Bye bye. This station stands for nothing.