She Gordon-Liddy and they don't come anywhere spend meal rockers. This is the group and we're talking hobo on 560WQAM. Call me homey right here at 567H-O-O. Oh, 560. Call me homey. Let me talk to the Steve and Miami. Steve, you're with me. Warick, good night. Well, Crow, what did the marlins have to do to win the world series this year? Oh, that's an easy one, Steve. They got to swing the bat. Hit the bow. It's a strike. Remember, the game of baseball is 50% hitting. That's almost half. 50% feeling. 50% pension. And do it, Bob, as it managed him. But Crow, that's 175%. Why don't you be questioning me? Would you be ignorant? Be what? Hey, man. Hey, man, I said you'll be ignorant. Well, now I'm not ignorant. Fine. I'll play ball, pass you no baseball. In a dirt well-culti-gins, man, half my time. Did you? Well, actually I'm... Got it with it. I played it. Don't even know that. Are you gonna... Come on, you don't even know that. Can I be that stupid? Come on, me, homie. Out the Crow. I'll ride you. He's a bit... Shut up already. Well, I can't hear anything now. You really had messed this thing up big time. There was a little bit better not to bend. 10-02-560 WQM-Happy Thursday, too. How about those marlins? How about that? Learned a spell with Don Trowl, baby. Oh. Man, he's unbelievable. Three more hits. A tremendous towering, three run homer. The marlins off to a 7-1 start. Even George has pumped up and pissed off about it. Huh? Why was it in Puerto Rico? Some of your distant... What relatives? Yeah. Very distant. My ancestor's my dad. And anyway, it's a pretty sudden thing. I'm not jumping on the bad wagon because that would be hypocritical, but certainly anything good that can happen for this town because it needs it so badly, so desperately. Which is why there's so many people already bailing out. Got some bad news for mighty tractors out there by the way. I am gonna spell I for a little while. Yeah. What about how they would diagnose to exist today? One of our fine new sponsors? What a great place. You're fit as a fiddler? No. I wouldn't get that carried away. But they have all this new... It really is... I can't even describe it. But you're gonna take now, gee, that's where you like the... You lie on to the MRI thing. You know what that's like. If you've done that, no. Oh. Seeing pictures. Yeah, you just lie on a thing and they take a decent... Right. And they take all the pictures in it. It comes out on a computer. And they shoot you from like any inside of your throat and like the things in your neck and then down into your chest and your lungs. I mean, deep down into your lungs. Right. You told me they found some. Some one. Poop. Not on my lungs. No. Where it's supposed to be. I don't know. Star with it. But you're still sleeping. I don't know. Star with it. But you're still sleeping. You're still sleeping. You haven't even been on five minutes yet. And he's talking crap. You can't do that. Jesus, you just didn't get the memo, man. You can be between talking about what a great job. W didn't let the press conference get the night. Stick to the golf. Man dog, okay. Stay away from politics. You know what I don't understand? Trick number. Every that website where you look up and you can see how much anybody donate to a political candidate. Yeah. How come if man dog is such a big bush fan, he gave two grand above grand. I'm sorry. Sorry. Don't say that. Image. Just like John Schuillers, that what it's all about. I don't understand. Is it for that? That's your right. Wing image and behind a scenes. He gave two grand to Bob Graham. Right. It was last I remember was going to run against the bushmaster. Well, you ought to know real matter Republicans. So anyway, you could to look down through your lungs and your abdomen and through it like the inside. It's like a what was that movie? Interstase. No, no. Not a hard short. No, no. No, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. And you see your kidneys and you see everything it's inside there. And then of course, they do a separate one of your heart. And then they go down through your pupic. The downgers and no, they said, I don't have one. And they go to your pancreas and down to your liver with little bacon and onions. They stick in there for flavor. Colin, Colin, all of these things. It's not a the colonoscopy of the separate thing. The virtual colonoscopy. This is a lot less invasive. I didn't do that because I had a colonoscopy three years ago. Anyway, thanks to the folks over there. They were treated me very well. And it's a fabulous, oh, I'm sorry. It's a sensational thing. I don't want to say fabulous. We can't say fabulous. It's a little bit too, uh, fade. Is it what do you fade? Now, let's see, where do we start? We got so much crap going on. We've got a, that story about era America, man. It is just mind boggling. I mean, it is just, uh, what, what is there to say? I don't want to say I told you they had problems. I'm a better believe. Put down the LA engine counter winner and court try to get the, and they locked the door, changed the locks on the door. That is so sad. Kind of like if we showed up here a QA, I'm on morning and our key, you know, and our card didn't fit, you know? Really? They changed the, uh, key cards and like, uh, you know, we're here. Well, you can't get in here. It's a Chinese laundry now. Something like that. Oh, we got Margot Hemingway today. She's still dead. She shouldn't think. Oh, yeah, yeah, she is. What is it? What is it? Some of you just facts me for bananas. Mango has been in his foster. What does it mean? I know what they do that. Have they somehow, some kind of a golf hole or something like that? Talk about banana. I don't care because I mentioned bananas, fosters, so they sent me a recipe for mango has been in his foster, which I don't want. Thank you. So anyway, I'm pretty decent shape. I had a little, uh, calcification around a hard few places. And what they do is on a computer. And I sat with the doctor there who's really, uh, you know, you feel insufficient because most doctors are morons. You know, but this guy really knew his crap. Yeah. Seriously. And you feel like, kind of, am I stupid? And he takes you through the whole thing. And he's clicking on a computer and showing your various different angles and images and then the heart thing on there. And there's a little bit of calcification, but then they give you a score based on your age and your, uh, this and your diet and your attitude about life and your show this week is score bar. Right. And I scored 99. That's not like a, like a test score. But like a score based on averages of and that's pretty good. So that's like a hundred of my eyes. A plaque in there. Huh? 99 out of 100 of assuming. No, no, no, no, no. It's not based on, okay. So starts in zero, which would be perfect. And I, or it gets the worst it is. In other words, if you had like 400, uh, oh, you've got problems. If you got like higher than 400, extensive, atherosclerotic plaque, high likelihood of at least one, 400 or higher. I'm 99. So if I lose some weight of people stop shoveling food down my post and I could lose a little bit of that way. Not, I'm not going to ever be, you know, look quite like a bad pit close. Oh, speaking of that, what the hell is going on around here before we get into the heavy duty stuff today with my good friend, Moe, he is absolutely. I think he went to the OF. What? Carb. Uh, what is that? OFRC. Old fart rehab school. No, seriously, he just changes all I had to do. I haven't seen him. We haven't bonded this week. He gets out of here real fast. And I come in about eight, 15 when I'm pretty sure he's out of here. Because it's like awkward. You know, no, I think he realizes that. But on the air, he's been just, I, I don't know. I'm tempted to give it another shot in spite of all the crap you leave. You know, just for, for the coming early tomorrow and found a good karma kiss. Yeah. Now, do you think I know we've been through this a million times before it gets really pondered. But it seems like he really is making an honest effort. Now, I just naive. I'm eating. I'm always looking on the bright side. Oh. He is risen by the way. Oh, yeah. Hey, I'm not. Hey, Mo, I always forget him. Well, it's not forgiven. But we'll just start fresh. How's that? Clean slate. A clean slate with the old, old man. What do you say? Ah, okay. Still going to make this stuff. Oh, yeah. Well, he doesn't care about that. I think he's starting to get it a little bit about that stuff. He's starting to get it. Maybe he's just a little slow to warm up. Ha ha. Maybe that's it. He's a slow thought. Right. Man, he makes me look like Mr. Warms by comparison. But at any rate, what's that? What's that just going to say that you said? What do you just say? I had a thought there that was so damn important. Was it? Yeah. It was about health. No. Oh, I'm going to have to be boring. No, not about that. Well, what about? Let's go back. Anyway, here's the pull result from yesterday. And we are not doing that same pull again today. Oh, and it's a little, oh, I know what it was. It was about the thing I talked about Monday about my neighbors that had to flag his business. Which is that flag is gone. I guess it fell. But I was trying to think of a parallel. If I put a big banner on my fag pole in my house, a big flag up there that said, there is no God. Mm-hmm. I would never dream of doing that. I can't imagine any atheist that would do that. Because atheists generally tend to be like living, let live people, quit bugging me with your crap kind of people like me. But it would be so rude to everybody else in the neighborhood. Right? And I think that's the way to be inside my house and believe whatever it is I want, or not as a case may be. I don't have to use my religion as a weapon, which is the biggest problem in a world at least one of them is that all these idiots these lunatics, these morons, these stone age people, use their religion as a weapon to beat people over to head with. Because they care about what time they're going to hate them and disgrace them and humiliate them and whatever. That's for your own good. I see. But don't you think that's pretty good parallel? I think we're better up there. That said, there is no God. People, I feel, oh, I feel crazy. Look at that. You feel just as crazy. Look at your religious bubble. I see, okay. So cut the crap. They want to, if you want to put a little generic Easter bunny thing on, you know, book and Christmas, fine. You know, decorations. Who were you to tell us? But there's a difference between decorations and spewing your religious, uh, hoax, poke a superstition. Stop it already. That's one of the biggest problems in this country is that people haven't been taught to be tolerant of other people. Oh, but it's a pluralistic society. Well, maybe the ones upon a time it was not no more. That's since we got this. Maybe classic example of that. I get a letter in a mail, which is very rare here. I get letter this morning. It's real thick and it's got 87,000 pages in it. And, uh, it's from a phony, a Dread Gav, not even a name is the return in Dread Gav in for a lot of y'all scrolled with the phony address. And here's a, it starts out the first page and there's a whole bunch of these pages which are already in a circular file. And I see a very familiar picture. And it's a picture of phony up, doctored picture with Carrie speaking with Jane Fonda. And we already brought, but through that, months ago, we had it on the website. And it's a doctored picture. She wasn't anywhere anywhere near that to scene. And then it says this was a man who had an alliance with the trees and queen herself, meaning Jane Fonda was famous for befriending the enemy. It's a phony picture. So what do you need to read after that? And you're dealing with the randlings of a right-wing lunatic. This is what we're up against. These people are crazy people. And take it over to country, which is why we can't say crap. We can't make farting sounds. We can't do anything. That's the kind of crap that they're worried about. It's farting sounds. People are dying every day. We got murder and bloodshed all over the place, but we're worried about drugs and we're worried about pornography and dirty words because they're so dirty. And these are the same people and put those things out there. Want to beat us over the head with their religion. Believe it. Whatever you want, I have no problem with it. Just don't beat me over to head with it. And just don't put those stupid bumper stickers on your car. That's all part of it too. My boss is a Jewish carpenter. Oh great. Karen are Richard. See, their religion dictates that they had another carbon. That's a Jewish. 12 minutes. If she had just eaten it, oh, I was trath. That's why she would eat that pastrami and Swiss. Kosher kills. Kosher kills? Hmm. That's a good. 12 minutes after 10 at 5, 60 WQM, you've heard about the big demand at high pay potential for computer professionals. Have you wondered if this career is for you? Well, here's your opportunity. Fast train is hosting a free one hour seminar and computers and networking next Wednesday evening April 21 for both of my me and for Lodernale campuses. That's right. Learn basic PC troubleshooting and networking absolutely free. Seating for this free computer seminar is limited. So pick up the phone and call fast train tool free at 1-8-6-6 fast train. All attendees to the free seminar will get a free diagnostic tool no charge. So call fast train right now at 1-8-6 fast train reserve your spot. And you can decide that a new high-pancorier is in your future. Fast train can really have you train already for that new job in just four short months. So check out fast train on a web at fast train.com and make that call to reserve your spot at next week's seminar call 1-8-6-6 fast train. Ad reviewing a newQtal man. Can't afford to drop my cow and baby with all sugar My guess is gotta be a fake roachie Because I own an SUV Sickened on the side of the phoenix, too Should you ever burn yourself first, huh? Can't afford to drop my cow It took away my credit card Can't afford to drop my cow So we're walking in the crowd That ain't you, you know That ain't you, you know How? 10, 17, at 5, 60, WCM, we don't have an old mad dog Today we don't even have no helper to collect the ballgame You know, I don't know why Cause we're tomorrow on this pregame show all day For four hours though Why can't they welcome those Reekins get it right You know, that game's supposed to start around noon, don't you think? I do I think somebody better adjust their clock's down there and stand one The game starts at two Marlins on deck at any right in the game time is 2.35 No TV, of course Because the packs people are too cheap To send a crew down to Puerto Rico That's a reason, gotta be Is it? They haven't televised any of those three games They won five nothing to first game, nine nothing last night And probably I'm saying about six nothing, nine seven nothing to the game Gina, there's a kick and ass No TV, what are we gonna do? Listen on the radio There you go, listen to Dave Ann Boring Well I noticed got a little bit animated when Darnell hit that three run home Not too much up up at a way Like that kind I think Boog was goosellum a little bit Trying to Crack it up a couple of notches Anyway, Marlins at the Esports in San Juan That's the 235 and the Humper follows the ballgame Her cool hotline at seven never got the big At eight which were really trying to Trying to understand his answer Any canter or the big O Now speaking of the big O Join him today noon to two Well he's getting around he was rather Smorted he was McDonald's He was in McDonald's I heard Mopromo And that He was doing a couple hours away And now noon to two the big Oh He's gonna be at McDonald's He's making a rise in McDonald's He'll probably come wobbling back in here tomorrow Nice as he does and eat that stuff He's show a couple of big matches in his pan He's in a health kick He'll be at the McDonald's 3247 Hollywood Boulevard Stopped when our very embarrassing QA And registered when tickets to upcone Marlins home games which now are very Desarrest It's tax relief day by one get what Oh look at this here's a spot See I don't do that Miguel I don't do that I don't do commercials For people to aren't buying commercials on his show See this Miguel I'm gonna get re-enthusiastic and all whipped up You know go see the big oint McDonald's Noon to two today 3247 Hollywood Boulevard That's it that's what they're getting I've told him that a million times And he keeps trying to he and the sales department Keep trying to sneak that stuff in there Now quite frankly myself I don't eat at McDonald's and eat at his George I do You do? Sure not Burger King McDonald I like their fries No, are you gonna start me again with a fried crab Fried foods Will kill you. Yes, they will. Okay. I love them Anyway, here's the poll results from yesterday Which of these people are things you care about less? Least. Least this. NASCAR 553 which I say Oh right Yeah. What a bunch of nose picking you who is man. What? I'm not reading that Let me say it again. It's their promotion It's not our promotion If it has it was a promotion for this radio station Except for that phony bogus or a measly auction Anything else that's a brochure or QM I'll be delighted to read. This is not a QM promotion In addition to which I hate McDonald's And I wouldn't take my dog my dog is in a Urner should be his ashes I wouldn't take my dog's ashes there and put it on the grill Okay That sounds good. What? Probably better. I'll grab the dirt pedal and I'll tell you that Here's a big tiny What's kind of contradictory into the big tiny That's cute. Yeah. I could be a dick. Here's the old big tiny on a bun Anyway, NASCAR 553 get out of here. You're not getting out of here. I'm not doing it. I'm just you can keep trying to stick those things in there. I'm not going to do it. You've said that before. Yeah. NASCAR 553 You see can't restrain himself Anyway, the mad dog I heard yesterday dropped a couple of bombs I don't even mean that kind either. I don't know what. They these people just don't get it I don't want to think I'm not crying because we're doing fine But I don't want to think that we're being single loud just because we're not sports nerds We're being single doubt because we're not sports nerds We're not sports nerds. I mean here and stuff Blurred it around on this radio station. They still They still don't understand the sexual stuff has got to go It has got to go. No, no, no, no, no. I mean you can take something about getting laid That's fine. No, but other than that. See, there's no passion involved on a sports show I don't really care father tool. It's just the way it is Anyway, which of these people? I'll get this poor red by a two clock If it's the last thing I do Which of these people are things you care about at least? Car 553 Donald Trump 346 horse racing 266 oh fat rich one last night Is it so did I got how many dollars are one last night? But we had a good time. Is real 204 Arnold Palmer Cilio Cooke? 197. Oh, but he's got the green jacket from Augusto from 1842 We'll do it's a beautiful thing. In fact, let's auction it off on a Q and B's lioxin for profit Not too much fun just for profit. Fox news 148 Sports talk 142 7.4% of the prestigious neo-Royaz audience don't give a flying crap about sports talk They care about the least of anything. They'd rather pick their nose for hours to let blades than here's sports talk And I quite frankly don't blame them Except of course my good buddy Mo, you know what I mean? Absolutely he's trying even though you got that skeptical look on your face He's trying yeah, I think he's trying he's trying to like rejoining human race MSNBC's got only 22 and CNN also 22 so those two they care about a lot of 1900 votes But NASCAR and Donald Trump and horse racing and Israel Oh, not too thrilled about those things all of these things Okay, we got Margo Hemingway on there who is still unfortunately very dead But the picture ain't too bad behind the beaten curtain today get out your picture ID please Wave it up at your hold it up right in front of your radio Oh, look at that one over there Not 50 five yet Margo Hemingway is behind the beaten curtain on your Rogers dot com born in Portland, Oregon You know how old she was well, 30 how old she was when she croaked 42 I'm just guessing 40 40 40 she was almost 41 Now as a matter of fact, I take that back. She was 41. So you're pretty close Striking model turned actress. She was the granddaughter of noblest Ernest Hemingway. She grew up on Hemingway's farms in Cuba See and catch him Idaho or he had committed suicide having decided on a modeling career She quickly rose to the top commanding enormous fees and launching Faber J perfume Which she had also helped to develop she leveraged your popularity to move into a lackluster film career Appuring most notably in lipstick 76 about her rape victim and reunger sister paid by Margo's sister Mario Mario Mario They film was lambasted by critics because of its lured content in her performance But it did spark a California law that prohibited mention of a victim's sexual history during a rape trial The rest of her film career was largely forgettable under two marriages failed a mixture problems with addiction and substance abuse Died July 1 1996 was another one of those cases with it in fined until quite a while after I'm actually looking at what we're going to do is we got the good picture on there today tomorrow We're going to put the picture on what she looked like when they found the body The postboard Ooh Little even even more smelling more than scourands I'm here. I've got some of the even more than scourands Anyway, now that's probably not possible. Here's today's poll Before we are giving the load on on the era America situation It is just it's just amazing. It's got two chances Right come back home, Randy. Okay. All is forgiven Here's the poll today, which of these people offend you the most? See, that's a little bit different from me alone. Sure. I think it's fine I'll pick it up. But a little pond rest. Which of these people offend you the most? What a good list I got. Religious fanatics, golf fanatics, right wingers, liberals, atheists, old Jews, old Cubans, blacks, Jamaican sports nerds or computer nerds There's a list of some pretty annoying people. Not all people not all blacks are all old Jews Are annoying or atheists certainly in my case or liberals But it's just what's in these people offend you the most? How about I'm not offended by anybody? Nah, we don't have. I forgot I hate those people. I forgot I hate those people. I'm offended by professional liars like the president. Me and me being kind of like Greg Reed that crowd, you know people when they tell you what time it is you look at your watch several times Or you look at the clock on a wall here to see if it's still for actor one That thing yesterday, I just I still don't know. I can't describe you the feeling because I'm sitting here And I'm just going along and doing my thing and I'm in your mind when you've done it a long time as you know You have kind of a sense of when it's time to do the next break and get rid of how things are right and I'm thinking something has slowed down here There's something very wrong this last hour seems like an eternity and it says four after one and a clock up there on a wall I look at my watch and it's 24 after one like swimming in the shore and getting close right that's exactly right like moving your feet very very fast on the treadmill and you ain't going nowhere Kind of like working here 27 after ten at five sixty W to Q. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need is the only one mortgage from financial group The benefits are in Incredible you pay zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee and even zero discounted points Get yourself that new low interest rate of just 1.25 percent if you have your 100,000 loan your payments is just 334 a month If you have a 200,000 dollar loan you paid just 668 a month and don't forget once you be finance again a new home mortgage from financial group You will never ever pay those closing costs again So call them today at 1 866 395 land and they'll explain it to you get the low rate mortgage you deserve then moved you next property with no further cost or expense you pay zero underwriting fee zero dot fee zero closing cost even when you moved another property Get the new low financing rate of just 1.25 percent and never pay closing cost again with the only one mortgage and only from the financial group For the tails call it that toll free number it's 1 866 395 land 1 866 395 L a and d the renequal housing lender restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly 4.21 APR Why in local your sports video 560 series 2 a and Oscar now the Italian staff you've just brought the sing his way to a Grammy with a little help from his friends it's why and a family still own a family a family a It's not great as do oh since tango and cash when some westerns along with sliced on he makes a sound that you don't hear every day as long as all on a Kobe do be over here that you I have good here's a see that have you say stop for my mom will shoot get your ears ready for a fly in the family still own yo I Thank you for let me be myself again who goes this crap follow you you pump your FIS team this over the top rocky and roll it's fly in a family still own a little boy Randall records and demolition and this is you know the money to just make a good point even though he didn't realize it he said it's a conspiracy the or American thing we're talking about see if it would have been a right wing radio network with rush and g Gordon living on the credit on it and if the thing would have been a show off here in a few markets most of their major markets they would have said it's a level conspiracy and this is the cleanse must have done it yeah I I don't I don't think anybody is saying this is a kind of a right wing conspiracy that this whole they got problems man and america oh yeah this is one of the most amazing things when I first read this yesterday I thought to myself exactly as we're came in to mine and then I thought after just two weeks abroad casting air america radio before even go into the system from the this Chicago Tribune what did I tell you about people who aren't broadcasters pretending to be broadcasters kind of like here but I mean even worse at least we have some broadcasters in a building you know the kids are not I thought you were talking about Q.M. Muff okay he's been around he's he's got his own radio uh Hank right me yeah ed.k okay uh I thought you were talking about like management you say oh anyway if you're just doing subroad casting air america radio the fledgling liberal talk radio network featuring al Franken and genie in garaffalo was pulled off the area yesterday morning in Chicago and Los Angeles and a payment is good to show no sign of a quick resolution Arthur Lou what do he's can do uh what's your name does he look no no what the one we had on the website Lucy Lou I'll be dang I love Lucy Lou Arthur Lou that's L.I.U. owner of multi-cultural radio broadcasting which owns america video to W.N.T.D. 950 in Chicago and K.B.L.A. in Los Angeles said air america bounce to check and it was in more than a million dollars air america multi-cultural head entered new agreement which the network essentially was writing multi-cultural air time Lucid see originally when it gives this whole i.R. america thing oh we're gonna buy stations in all the major market they're gonna buy stations they forgot to mention rexical exon and shibran and said clear and B.P they bounce to check today said Lou it's a default they paid only a very small portion of what they owe us they bounce to check he says he declined to say how much multi-cultural's O.B. did say he's holding a million dollars in text that air america's and asked the company not to cash air america chairman Evan cool and call the allegations and outright lie multi-cultural radio broadcasting's conduct and this matter's been disgraceful co-in said it is a clear violation of their contractual obligations but a spuley zero america star up network in a business that favors right wing personalities and is dominated by jank and glamourates and a tenuous position the described here in the chicago trip there's a thirteen markets nationwide in chicago's in Los Angeles nearly eighteen million combined list news constitute thirty seven percent of america's potential audience it would be like if we were like taken off here with an about a fifty block radius of where they can hear the station like from here up to like county line road and then what would we do then LA in chicago the second and third largest markets in the country typically are regarded as essential when try to sell national radio ads if the spule becomes mired in court it is unclear when america might reappear in those two markets air america file complaint wins the new supreme court charging multi-cultural with breaching its contract and seeking an injunction to put america back in the chicago station and america source and a separate lawsuit over the L.A. station is coming the network also uses radio stations in New York Minneapolis Portland or again in elsewhere as platforms to attack a new executive vice president general council David good friend appeared on america's Randy roadshow to accuse the will of essentially stealing from america by reselling airtime on kbl a third parties that network already purchased in the woods and it like bait and swish right we're going to said you like uh... ten annune and we got self-assumptus somebody else kind of like what you and teny favorite do what i'm kind of good friends at the dispute centers on the L.A. station during the period after america started leasing airtime in early February but before launched in late march during that time he said kbl a was broadcasting spanish language program provided by multi-cultural spanish language program good friends at the last week that will do in multi-cultural had been doubled dipping kind of like duck and clearance doubled dipping song that same airtime to others as a result he said the network to find a make payments for kbl a less multi-cultural credit their america for the extra money that multi-cultural made america did not bounce any checks he said those lion bastards are something like that they sent us an email asking us to immediately restore it and go back to negotiating table who said but there's nothing to negotiate the OS the money media media observers say this becomes a crucial time for the start up network what an understanding this certainly doesn't help a fledgling station that were said pola hambrick who owns media buying from hambrick an associates in orland park the president had a press conference last night so he assumed a lot of people would have wanted to hear what i'll fracking at the say this is when they're really trying to garden an audience shikago area listeners who tune in the w t n t d nine fifty ones they heard spanish language talk radio instead of morning citizen and unfolded the networks morning talk shows according to america suit a multi-cultural representative showed up at wnts offices early yesterday kicked out america's loan staff are overseeing the network's feet of the station from the york and changed the locks outdoors oh i think there's a message in there some way he can't talk about change the locks on the doors that's a hit and just in case he didn't get the first time he said by by by just in case he didn't get it and then he said yeah and don't come back how do you like that what what's with this overhead man i know what you did near this one of it is funky man it just cranked up like crazy i didn't do that like what i didn't crank it up well it's just by itself maybe it's all a senator about this all the way to the one here the story about iro american all their problems and did they bounce the check to the k they pay the day not it's a bit so on see they were full of crap in the first place because they were underfunded they know nothing about broadcasting ran easy only real broadcast they got on a whole network the other people are like they're not radio people it would be like building a construction company with nobody knows about the construction right right it would be like opening up a restaurant without a kitchen it would be like opening up a restaurant and serving a big max you know unacceptable hey listen he's going to get me started on itself because i'll admit it and am still in my do it in McDonald's and i do so very reluctantly throw the money away i thought nasty meat and the cheese whatever else and it's it's exactly what you expect like i've told you to sayman Berlin the same in Rome the same in Amsterdam the same in Rome the york the same in Miami the same in high alia sweet butter it's a little funky but no yeah water sweet that's correct little sweet kind of like our programming genesis it's kind of like a little sweet but nevertheless don't be picking on moth now she's got pink eye although that is not so that he said it's his favorite color pin gel to buy this anyway how's that poll kind of we just got that new poll going up here a little change from the other one which i think you're getting tired of which of these people of fin you the most is our poll question today i bet you got one on my here w q a m yeah yeah i just i kind of get that story there about uh... air america the state station management pull them off the air or they did better bill well they the other people that they have a contract which they didn't pay the bills they claim uh... that they did and they claim that the uh... people that they made a remote control of dinner bait and switch that they sold in the year time and also sold into somebody else and we're double dripping you know if you have to help if they are not uh... quote you are got to touch with you to do air america because my agent is normal can't and he's an idiot that very simple that's why you got to check out the money he'll be uh... the uh... the uh... the uh... jim moor and cartoon in the herald today on the kibba one it's about the fcc to the large hand emerging from the sky to push the radio and car but somebody's driving i don't get this right but you check it out you want to say a lot of right i think we had a play music now until two film on the back of it here's the deal which of these people are finnied the most religious fanatic sixty five right wingers but thirty what what's the deal with my mouse here man i don't know the deal with my mouse oh i can't say that no old jews seven old cubans five black three liberals two eightiest one to make his one go fanatic sports nerds and computers don't have any out of the first hundred fourteen that'll change you'll see who do you both i voted for uh... religious fanatics me to they've the ones that hang flags on from their house he is risen the lord is coming Jesus Jesus Jesus fine have a good time with it okay invite him over for peace off but leave me alone here's all that we all can agree on that is a didn't take any religious belief to know the dry concepts of the best in the world comes to taking your crappy national carpeting and making them look just like brand new whether it's your carpet your area rugs your oriental rugs your drapery are your furniture all of these things if you want to professionally clean the look in fantastic you ought to do yourself a favor and try dry concepts once you come a first time you're all set because you're using for the rest of your life i've been using them over twenty years of my homes because nobody anywhere does a job like they do if you got pets and kids all of these things man your carpet's take a real beating but when they finish your uh... carpets look just like he had brand new late on the floor they dry in a couple of hours they look vibrant they smell them and fresh and what's not to like and don't forget what dry concepts uh... the deal is they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start the job so there are no rip off story about no tack on snow add-ons in fact they give you a rose when they finish the job you had everybody's got a big smile on their pussy want to see even more money when you call dry concepts as a mpch understand by list which is a well saving extra fifteen percent off their already unbeatable low price on their unbeatable work come today toll free your love a call one eight hundred two four eight five five five oh seven one see it's in here you know beast is right it's in this building there's a disease in this building and must run tomorrow to pink eye because of this it but pink thing that's one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one or check them out of the web at dry concepts dot com do the best my and low this is for twenty five sixty two eight over soccer mom because this pie I can't raise to the white house is powered by this court and out in round they go as they decide which candidate takes the checker fly and we're from again we'll now start at but George the incumbent bush back in the winter circle war will list a monster to demographic drives and a grand john Kennedy carried a victory lay will wealth the carburetor later pro-war rinsing the works as boiler is all up to the star day is the turbo charge two thousand and four president of the nation and all the are in the house ten forty six five sixty we hate nascar and show to the right now and go forget about it all right it's for uh... and for uh... idiots well there's some people some nice guy i'm listening right well i got a lot of time on her hands i like to air out the muskrat get a little fresh here i i don't know i think there's something happened with him i could be wrong i don't want to act like some night of schmuck again i don't want to be the only one because i don't think anybody else here is uh... one of you more kind of any slack at this point are they joe hank no no not that i might that would be a good thing i know it sounds bizarre because he tried to get you fired trying to destroy my career i mean just did things that are unconslie but there's something there you know is the fallen senator there the how do they say the port against the product of son whatever you know i'm saying the the fallen senator who are we got to go must gather's no more except on his peace anyway whatever on his muskrat right absolutely okay it's the bigger thing okay more word a nice job he's trying time like be far part of the part of the family and the room arm here to run a building i'm not supposed to say this on here but the room arm here in you're not hearing guilty on there within this week is that guilty this is probably why he's a changing his tune because guilty who was the last hold out was been working with the police two years finally said listen if you keep slapping me around uh... that's it he went to clarity said like just like that you want me on to any more well not a few old man keeps slapping me around so i think he's trying to like mellow i'm a little bit praying the guilty will come back and that i'll be forgiven that's a room arm start i hear it right makes sense now anyway somebody just back to the thank you Susan thank you very much heads up from michael more why just love michael more he's a best i could watch a bullying for colombine and all his stuff and read his bush is all day and it's been running around cabal lately for those of you who bullying for colombine yes it has seen at many many times now about to be a man the part i like his when he says how come time it oj so black no he didn't say that anyway says a friend's i've never seen a head so far up a presidential ass part my philuca then the one i saw last night is the news conference given by George W. Bush he's still talking about finding weapons of mass destruction this time on saturday bush you closed down a friggin weekly newspaper you great give her a freedom and democracy then all close the paper at only ten thousand readers why are you smoking maybe he's the smurking chimp one year after we wipe the face of saturday with our american flag before yanking him down it is now too dangerous for a single media person to go to that square and bag that and follow report on the wonderful one year anniversary celebration of course there is no celebration those who brave blowdried imbeds can't even leave the safety of the fort in downtown bag that they'll never actually see what is taking place across back most of the pictures we see on tv are shot by the air of media and some Europeans when you watch report from a record you're getting is the press release handed up by the was occupation force and repeated u.s news i currently have two camera and reporters doing work for me in a rack for my movie unbeknownst to be at army they're talking to soldiers and gathering the true sentiment about what's really going on they fed x the footage back to me each week that's right fed x who said we have a rough feed him to a rack the funny stirmy guys tell me is how when they find a bag that they don't have to show passport or go through immigration why not because they haven't traveled from a foreign country they're coming from america to america a place that is ours a new american territory called a rack there's a lot of talk amongst bush's opponents that we should turn this war over the u.n. why should the other countries of the swirled countries who try to talk us out of this folly now have to clean up our mess i oppose the u.n. anybody else risking lives of their citizens to us extract us from this debacle i'm sorry but the majority of america and support of this war once it began and sadly that majority must now sacrifice their children until up blood has been let that may be just maybe god in the rackie people will forgive us in the end until then enjoy the pacification of fuluga the containment of sottar city and the next teta fence of ubsamin terrorist attack by small grab a group of batheslor list high love writing these word batheslor list makes me sound so peter jinnings followed by a news conference where we will be told that we must stay the course because we're waiting the hearts and minds of the people all right again soon don't despair remember the american people are not that stupid sure we can be frightened in a war but we always come around sooner or later and the one the one way this is not like the anonymous that it hasn't taken a public for long years to figure out they were lied to now bush with just quit speaking in public and give me more free material for my movie i can get back to working get a dot i got four weeks left to completion this is my more next one Michael Michael what a second rate Michael more fair and high nine eleven that's coming out this summer i'll be first in line coming out late this summer also coming out this summer allegedly is a very flimp book that's going out ill president he is the liar in hypocrite and abortion the lover that he really is forget these books they need to make movies not to be a see people's only by the uh... bill or rally book and the uh... mad fudge book and the right way in books right in the american rom they can read no books no i'm gonna go to the movies though specialt they show some action right you don't think they're gonna allow that movie to be shown fact when i'm hearing is that jepcon just came with our campaign free die peccie who look at the house like that he just got out of the show when he was busy doing the his uh... f***ing routine i can't see the oh you know what who did i hear used that word on the area is that was in mad dog yeah uh... word no it's a i'm gonna have to do on the air seminars because between clearance and moth they just can't convey to the sports people we have on the i think you're he was talking about master bation and i heard a son of a back uh... can do that no more mad dog he also said the p i were that can do that you're denial of the standard he's what the sports standard right well i did i did get to list though the list for this show and the list for the arrest of the station once it do sports right they'll pretend i think we can do it in the market taking off here is because they just wouldn't go step in line and talk sports don't you think that sports was the reason that for the demise of that phony baloney about the some picture on a website that's garbage right they just a wooden go step in line and do the old or seen and so how to look at it on this radio station the only reason we fit in his cousin number one i got a real good contract and number two i make it in a lot of money right that and that's it no other reason they don't like to show they don't like uh... the content they don't like the fact that we're not obsessed with it's for you know even i know more about a lot of stuff and they'll ever know including how bad the leaves played against the wall last night and about how sundeen and uh... joleneu and i curb of tourists they don't know any of this the fact if that's undine walked in here right now it is leaves you to form i'm wearing the number thirteen there's a better chance that you would know who he was then uh... anybody in this building except me the following saying i do but i think that i know that we'll let you know they would say it would be saying oh number thirteen that must be damn marino now do you think that the sweet with his blonde short blonde here pretty are big on you think that match and he looks like damn marino i don't know what that's undine looks like i just got to tell you sweet with blonde here did you think you seem damn marino sure you see a blonde here place no does he look sweetish is he a tagging yes yes okay there you go busy have like a lot of grease bobby's a tag a lot of olive oil i'm so not great olive oil i'll leave a olive oil i can't find it so what you want to bet that no one has said anything to anyone else about what about our new broadcast right now that's not true i know that no they have subsequently or i will be there have been discussions all right i have heard through the rate fine i've heard that there have been discussions again but you're gonna go shake a finger and i think every time they go not listen i have no trouble on start with me in a mad dog he's not but start with you and the man that i'm not going to say anything they have all right they have and they will and they will continue to it until they get said you know right yeah all right but he's an idol man he's a sport i don't he's a sports giant monster huge and of course speaking a huge how about your roads for it's blockhead although i don't hear him talking too much about masturbation Joe Rose get a little bit of a call and he was talking about it this morning oh look at this this sludge report oh let's see oh this is uh ridiculous why is somebody fencing me this stuff i just got through in the real story from a real newspaper the chicago tribune which is one of the two cities where air america was taken and they that's not good enough one guy sent me a whole thing about what randy said this and that's fine randy okay oh i'm not doing a show based on a bunch of talk show yentres and that's for the like all you know what i'm talking about i mean good for i haven't do this too long okay i've been uh like down the garden past by too many goofballs oh and being led by the garden past by stuff on uh wicked web how's cats and heres doing i just heard something about cats and her cheek yeah he's a surprise how much did you bring in here i'm only going to be here a very short time i'll read it in the comments my flavor look at that Jeff Cohen man from the world famous pizza locked in Davy who needs your business because man it's going to be real expensive next season but no hockey going on to feed the rumors what would you laugh about i know you listen the rumors are great they're wonderful people but he's just uh first of all Jeff is cheap is all held up again with him secondly that's Jeff rumor and secondly uh with no income coming in from hockey next year you don't think we're going to put him on here do you know chains he's going to be your right tables at the lock well he already did that waiter there's a pocket my so he's got some practice he'll be waiting a long time i get rid in fact and i'm going to have waiter there's a frog in my soup then he's just going to be working there too yeah oh waiter look at that there's a frog with my soup here's let's see rocko says check this out and he can't think of anything he did wrong but there or here's the rest of it see sometimes they send me a cover page for an article then they forget to send the rest you know oh this is rocko this is a little bit too long right the moment i'll check it out during the break oh it about how bush tick but this is good from slate about how wild bush vacation nine or little warnings went on her this is excellent thank you like i said rocko very good how much you put in there you maniac he's still filled up the whole refrigerator there with stuff i'll just sit down and relax his head out and do a break right now just catch your breath after that tremendous yeah we heard what you were working out 10 fifty seven and five sixty jiff cones got to come on briefly in kula show and tells about all his sexual exploits all we only have three hours left spring of the savings right now and save like never before on a new car truck from arm strong Toyota homes at the i remember telling all about what you've been doing who you've been doing on u.s. one just twenty minutes out to the eighty six arm strong Toyota homes to work the drive to save thousands on great new Toyota's check out the great leestials right now in all four camera four on her just two hundred sixty nine a month before the advance how about an all four highlander you pay only three oh nine a month need a truck how about this in all four to a ten or the safest truck in America pages a hundred seventy nine a month before the advance jump change these are just some of the great savings waiting for your right now at arm strong Toyota homes did general manager David rich in a sample do whatever it takes to make you a deal and get you an great new Toyota today so experience for yourself the arm strong Toyota homes to a difference are local owned and operated the community 100 percent customer satisfaction too service departments even open late till eight we've nice to make sure they get all that service worked on and it's easy to find them because they're right on the corner of u s one two ninety-third in prestigious home stage is twenty minutes out of the eighty six arm strong Toyota homes that offers you this uh i'm unbelievable deal free tires betteries and replacement parts for life that's correct tires betteries and free parts for life nobody else does that so forget about those mega dealers are carger so always give you a big solid advance and lie like crazy do the smart thing color good piezon David rich the GM and arm strong Toyota homes did today and he'll make a deal like you've never seen before call 305 two four two thirty two forty seven three oh five two four two thirty two forty seven travel little and save a ton on that great new Toyota only at arm strong Toyota of home step my my and low all this is for 236 two a yeah where of exploding balls Jim carry his back in a serious role you know moving that's seriously long don't miss the eternal one time of the plotless moving my character has an operation that makes him forget a people look at and it works I'm having a done to forget I ever made the majestic it's a film about erasing your memories but it's so slow you'll feel like you may race that entire night of your life came with the co-stars in the eternal one time of the plotless movie together that is memory operation the re-optrik is if anyone can remember a single movie are made since far jadic big bill that goes back and forth in time while making you go in and out of consciousness listen to what audiences are saying about the eternal one time of the plotless movie if you see only one movie this year that feels like it took all year to see it go see the eternal one time of the plotless movie you know if it makes audiences forget about the crew it'll be wow okay here's Jeff Cohen came to kill the show before we do that here's a result of the poll let's get rid of everything up to date because once he comes on it's like rumor you know that's why this is good buddies Jeff's a feather killer show together which of these people offend you the most 249 votes religious fanatics 145 right wing or 61 old Jews 13 old cuban 12 see what I said yesterday old Jews no cubans have made this tower that is now a toilet some lardies and uncaring unyielding a liberal seven black six to make us to atheist two golf at x one but zero so far for sports nerds and computer nerds out of the first 249 votes yeah good morning yeah what what's your story Jeff Cohen from the pizza loft in navy looking for more free poll of publicity I'm not a lot of people I'm sure you say hello calls up on my anniversary oh happy anniversary near from the pizza loft in navy in the pizza loft plaza between five 95 and a Griffin road on university behind here one pair one imports with a lot of people parking happy anniversary nearby the way no have you full in anybody so I you didn't do anything for the months of pizza this year so I knew things must have really been desperate that we had it and you know yeah I tried to bring it out but it was awesome what do you try to bring it in here I wanted to bring it and you know stuff next that was that what do you mean do you know what she got to say about but my way in the top he just now he's got pink eye so don't don't on the way out don't do anything you know well there were a bunch of people that caught me on the way in today saying how come they didn't get it this year they said there's twenty-one of you how come he didn't get it this year he doesn't have pink eye though or something like that hopefully he'll feel better he used to have hi but now it's a different story it's pink so what's the ideal of the pizza loft anything special going on now that's always special there you know the normal specials there are weak sexiness back room showers after we're yeah it's really funny because every time remorse show about that hot young guy used to work there you're way to what was his name um oh second I remember too much of that comedy would have young girls man as what happens oh what was his name Tanner Tanner Tanner what is Tanner oh he should have brought him over here because this is the Tanner building he doesn't work there anymore and you you know construction or something oh I know that he's doing one construction or here's a fact it says love your show and sorry about your brother George thank you says um Thomas I just got an XM satellite radio and I love it I don't know what you have a problem with it why I don't have a problem with it I just don't think it's uh most people are gonna do it compared to my new market radius wonderful I feel like I've just been set free of bonuses I was able to get the air america radio well so far Thomas don't get too excited about it too bad they're going out of business tomorrow another bonuses that none of the words are bleak that at least with time being what what does that mean oh that's right for the time being well that's correct I can't imagine that air america radio they're saying those words because they're also on commercial radio for the as of now is that incredible I bet you right behind the rumors very soon well I'm going to be coming in for some females too Randy wrote she's uh only on there now right no no she's on jn all or whatever that whatever that station is in Palm Beach but I mean she's uh moved up to New York uh she left all her good stuff down here all her girlfriends and boyfriends and whatever else she's into these days and america and uh she's up there living in New York all said to change her life she's the only one anybody's talking about she's doing hell of a job I guess now that all her local yentice stuff Connor and ruining her show it's kind of like when sponsors come in and when you're showing you we do the best we can right so you're here to ruin the show you're here justice and let me tell you've done a fabulous job over the years every time you come in it's like huh you're here just this week yeah and have you been to the loft yet no issue there will I be there no see you see this there you go do have you got gigantic fat have you gotten the bike in an exercise but I haven't exercised by you use it no I have a treadmill do you use it no okay 10 years one for 10 years I told you to do 45 minutes of cardio every morning yeah I just went for my uh test yesterday my body test they said man you got a body like a 20 year old what does that have to do with the fat like a 20 year old who's about two breaths away from death I twice as much as you yeah like a pig okay and I and a lot of people I don't need that much I just have a fat problem I got a fat cell metabolism is this man because I'm lazy slob and I sit here all day I sit here on my ass you're my men I want to sit on my feet well I need the ball and I'm here and I'm a child to you because I'm walking and walking and walking I have no car up there I walk and walking and now that the weather's warming up up north and it's over like 20 degrees not the same if you for yourself say 40 minutes you run by me wrong already I want you alone all your life doctor const full of crap folks okay another soft-blooded doctor that's full of crap and there's so many of them anyway the doctor with this um Hollywood diagnostics with Sarah Sponsious you that's why I give him a free plug that's good no seriously but this the guy I get one of my free plug right you know both yeah both we'll get you some awkwardity I really these are tow truck not I think they do it for everybody I think because they send you they send you a CD in the mail and on the CD is got all that you can put it on your computer and you can see for yourself all the results it's like taking a virtual tour through your body now of course in your case I just can't imagine all the things that they would find in there I'm very healthy I have my and I'm talking about internally I had my blood my blood remember alcohol remember when the syphilis started kicking in real bad with alony was in prison no that was before my time see I'm not just giving you a little heads up on that so they probably would find a lot of interesting things in your body but it's it's a fabulous thing so anyway say how do the rumors for me I will is there a tow truck going to come and change all that's right before you forgot to mention Jeff had a flat tire that's a real reason he wanted to be on the years to first he came on a year so I could hook him up on a hot bay from mayor's doors and you screw that all up yes I did and then it's always something well what was the thing the last time I was the thing the last time that I got my ex's car right there you go thank you so it comes on a widely listened to me around you showed like take care of his personal problems I got a flat tire out here at the Q and U you're so at all I run over a can we we are very appreciative you got a flat and I guess George and I supposed to go out and fix it but if there's anybody a tow truck guy out here what do you need a tow truck you don't have a change the tire I'm Jewish man you expect you put a jacked down there and change the tire yeah you're talking about already and what great shape you're in yeah just because you're on a way to some sleazy hooker right now don't mean that you can't get a little sweat I'm going to work to work some over yeah that's how you told me you said you're on a way to go see some a slot I should be so lucky right I'm here so our rheumatoid single and having many problems he said you probably got diseases they haven't even identified yet no not so what he told me that's what's remember say you're physical I'm in perfect condition are you yes I would have fooled me my cholesterol is good with the help of zo-coar of course and so core is going to see right here right this is beautiful yes zo-coar is one of the worst things you can take you're given me instructions and lessons I'm I'm old enough to be your grandma okay that's not what I'm holding me how bad is that let me say it again zo-coar I want you to go back when you're finished with your hooker go back to the loft take your zo-coar and read the or go online and read the package insert yeah about the side effects every drug has no no no no not like this not like this trust me what I tell you all of those all of those drugs all the lipitor and zo-coar and protocol all of those um sure's I'm going to bring to you next time I'm back which is not that far off I'm going to bring you a book by McColley Colkan killer whatever that guy's name is what's the name of the book you're around kid no no McColley Kilmer Kilmer Colkan he used to do with Michael Jackson what's the name of that book where he talks about yeah homo system not homo but homo system level and about trans fatty acids and about all of these what do they call those a statin drugs which is so-coar's one of them and about to the they're worst in almost anything you can take but if you want to go keep taking uh why do you need zo-coar if you're in such great shape if you're exercising and all and what do you think like a pig or you know the wrong stuff like a pig and stuff and you're wrong stuff and trust up try to compensate with the for pills doctor co and that's what you're trying to do I like to like for your lecture and me I bet I bet you I'm going to get you hooked up with those how do we diagnostics and get you over there no seriously I bet you when they look inside of your sorry old ass body they're going to find out that my uh pathetic uh insides are better than yours outside you look better than me but inside that's all your crap baby is how you look outside well in your case it ain't that good okay listen let's try and get some of tow truck over here to QAM okay have a great week let's try and for it it must be somebody out there got a tow truck or somebody going to help you chain and least change your tire what do we need a tow truck for we got a lot of strong guys in a building a galvan go out there and help you out right how to be fix it will fix it maybe fix it Jimmy I'll know fix it if you can stand looking for more than five enough air in it for me to drive it across the street so the tire plays over there but I can't even drive it like when completely you're missing the point that means you need to change you have to change it yes I have to get some folks in here they'll help you if more still here he'd help you absolutely right he'd he'd tap snap off that piece you know what my sales rep ought to do it he'd snap off the piece hang it on your antenna right shouldn't skip you do it skip you or skip you're sales guy go get him some of the sales will get time to wreck on to where I'm in job get time to wreck on the case when you finish you run over as sorry ass okay thanks yeah bye it's uh boy come on it's after eleven and five sixty speaking of snap out of nice piece on your head it's what a lot of guys have been doing it's a big out of musk right crawling around on them that you would wish on your worst enemy when a guy's considering a here replacement is greatest concern is how natural is going to look will other people be able to know it's not a real third so phony piece in a lanthoranzo you can always spot a bad here system like uh what's his name uh what's the on the CNN brown air and brown oh man oh man like black on the edges and little red on the top and whatever anyway Charles Alfie or he's designed and supplied great looking her system to show biz people for more than thirty five years he's been a guest on good morning America the today show CBS morning news and introduces pen to her system or millions that offer you the most amazing natural her line system you can find the most critical area of any piece is the hairline and Charles Alfie or he's new skin like her system is so great looking it's one hundred percent undetectable what are all these t-shirts you got oh I see it's a frisal Charles Alfie or his guarantee to you is this you try his system for thirty days I've heard of him and if you don't love the way looks and feels and smells you return for a full refund on your tea if you wear that piece of the charlie's got uh Jeff will make sure you get lots of action all day long in fact maybe from him Charlie also services and repairs existing here system including shampoo and trim so now to lay call Charlie day and change your life forever probably look younger and better than he ever thought you could again call toll free 1-800-3212413 that's 1-800-3212413 or check him on the web Charles Alfie or he dot com now she's gonna pay for it Jerry said she lied they found her guilty face and lots of time I must say it thrills me to see her taking out and cubs 20 years won't be enough druss her up and stripes send her to sing sing put her in for life that would be the thing for mother will they got you far inside her training and then send you away all my brother will we laugh in so hard that we're shaking what you stock with today all my brother will you have everything but you're smiling yeah the same you away all my brother our for both of you be sharing my stay and this and so on this with yourself me well in nineteen and five sixty four Martha man then one of the adures is feeling really bad not about Martha but about her buddy there Martha she says fine harass whatever hell is name was she feels real bad the bald guy all these jury guys people they just make me or like the uh... tyco thing you know number four while she wanted to quit anyway I just can deal with it by their ass man people I rip off other people's money like that take their life savings the ought to be on death row is where they ought to be with death leopard and death jam t-hundred twenty one votes under pull which the question is what's the question which one of these people of the most now got a couple of suggestions what about Haitian drivers put that on there okay can you handle it I can do that Haitian driver and shouldn't have put that on there I mean like a young like an order get it on and that Haitian drivers especially cab drivers make me want to buy a cement truck and slam into them crushing like cockroaches well man this guy's not too upset all over the top of it not a bad idea get the health of the road you idiots you all the big lot of company here and here's a fact from linda who says this is off the subject what's the subject and are are subject is all over the place that's what we like I just got home at you realize that it's almost eleven thirty nine take just one call tempest freaking fugitive where to hell she performing this way at the pussy can the storm I thought you were talking about no seriously uh... i just have to one call w q a and hello how you doing on the other pretty good pali already i know you're not taking the justice of the but uh... i don't say that today that was yesterday okay but it was a closed poll for possible poll for the future of what does the w and your stand for that's not like that that's good like warma for the bush people are good wonderful right one a bunch of different things with yet right well that it's a good but don't give all the answers otherwise you're the poor good idea thanks pali right and i like that that is a good idea high up how he okay linda says this is off the subject but i just got home after driving behind a i see i'm upset that he's taken so core don't you hate it when people let you why i mean see i could put it all the time people let you about health and there's such great specimens and then they tell you that they're taken this they're taken that that's that's poison my favorite is vegetarian i'll take a co-q ten for my heart which is a natural thing which the body produces but not enough as you get older not not much of anything and that's i think that's the reason that my heart is as good as it is i'm all heart yes i want to bond with more of some i mean bond but like yeah right i'm out of the what could be the other excuse i'm out of shape i'm sitting here i do no exercise i'm a fat slob good dna uh... you know that nestle's turtle ice cream you got these long and the living people in your family good jeans you know if they're i don't want to start it with the religious people but if they were a god what kind of god would allow your fate to be decided by the look of the draw what kind of justice with that they even don't have his grave and don't call the only would it that's not justice you know the idea that you may be born in uh... bot swan i suppose we've born in uh... man hat found what you get the what you make it or i think born in uh... dear born uh... michigan with a schmata on your head or maybe being born in gross point woods anyway very affluent family all maybe gross point woods is all down the toilet i don't know don't go to the tried folks to see what i'm saying so the thing about jeans is uh... you know it's in your jeans look at the drew a lot we can't say it's in your jeans anymore yes in your b*** not what it's supposed to be b*** in your jeans no can't say that he well fell with it lenders is that what we can't because then they're going to say well we it's triple on time we know what you met we know what's in your jeans and i'm much this is off the subject but i just got home after driving behind an obnoxious driver had a vent of somebody i'm so sorry linden happens all the time here this driver had a back window full of stuff animals and bobble head the hall a foreign flag hanging from the rear view mirror and a variety of shrines statues on the front dashboard what's with that no lenders post is a what up with that why do people from all that stuff in their cars she was driving very slowly and could make up for my where she wanted to make a turn all i have to say is get off the road lady and i'll indecis thanks and i feel better see how easy that was where you can almost kill the yesterday's where you can just roll the window down the old go to hell yeah that would be good little more enthusiastic side go to hell right almost got ran off the road by some furniture and a giant boat too many foreigners here man i mean there's a lot of foreigners in Toronto but i don't have to worry about how they drive because i'm not driving i can't got no car lot of foreigners problem here is that foreigners all media to get a driver's license at a 57 chibi and a governor wants to give everybody drivers license even if they like five years old because he's pandering to anybody and everybody really sad really pathetic i'm gonna read uh just a little of this uh thanks again rocko i'm sorry i prejudged because it's too long and i'll like the long faxes no this is good stuff from slate which is a great website uh while bush vacation nine eleven warnings went on her the out of town or here's a picture a w by the way on his ranch august 23 or 4 2.000 with the shades and a cowboy head on all smiles and all that dumb kind of doofus look in another what that had you ever had you ever noticed really show him waddling out to where he's to the microphones but he's warm it up to the primary one on a waddling what walking right and he like his arms are down at the side he is the most goofballish awkward is pathetic in an otherwise dry day of hearings before the 9-11 commission one brief bit of dialogue set off a sudden flash of clarity on the basic question of how our government let disaster happen the revelation came yesterday morning when c.i.i. director George tenet was on the stand Tim Rolmer a former democratic congressman asked him when he first found out about the report from the FBI's Minnesota field office that's the curious moussawi in his lomic jihadists have been taking lessons how to fly 747 tenet replied that he was briefed about the case august 23 or 4th 2001. Rolmer then asked tenet if he mentioned moussawi to present bush at one of their frequent morning briefings tenet replied I was not in briefings at this time bush he noted was on vacation he added that he didn't see the present at all in august 2001 during the entire month bush with it was at his ranch in Texas he never talked with him or more asked no tenet replied by the way from august 10 and two was as he put it on leave and there he had it national security adviser condolese arises made a big point of the fact that tenet briefed the present nearly every day yet at the peak moment of threat the two didn't talk at all at a time when action was needed in order to fraction of come from the top the man was at the man at the top was resting under stirbed he was on a ranch he's he's been on over 500 vacation days in uh... what is it three years just over three years over two even i don't get that much vacation time and i'm pretty peo about it too thanks rocko this is a great to be snank you man when i have the american people gonna finally wake up in sniff the daffodils and then you got like my good friend of mad dog on their state talking about how he watched the he watched the person dead and he thought pretty good company good and i noticed silence from the other room at that point silent more than a say what are they going to say quit something to the right mad dog i think they right i'm here and i'm here in the same thing that they said nothing sounds a silence i know what they could say at least grab what i'm just in that if you weren't out can you explain another thing to me i know that everybody fails another easter and pace off or over that this town is like a ghost town but this building i don't understand yeah i mean it seems like we're on permanent vacation it's just uh... let's just go to Steve Tyler the whole album permanent vacation everybody is always on vacation now i think they're trying to learn by example for me i'm only one supposed to be on permanent vacation i'm a dot-wing old uh... fact but these people it isn't a place of business it's like a ghost town well how about Greg is great here this all he's on vacation again and but but we got all these uh... things well great he will be you know he's on vacation because he knows i'm here he checked that counter guaranteed i'm gonna sneak in one of these times when i know these here i'm gonna sit right outside his office jump out of him from your own like a little long there and just sit there with his guys on shades of beard i'm bar almost peace i'm so tired we're so tight twenty seven past eleven at five sixty q a m now with your sports fight sixty do you work do Tu by way man Oh, yeah, great. There's a fight for all the ages. It's a fight for all the rest. Great. What's going on? Now all of you. Good that out. Good. Get the carl to sit here. Okay. It's better when you suffer, right? What is it, though? How's it? You've painted the jingle balls and reception board. Not anybody else here. Well, who better to represent an all-day sport-hole station? And be side. She frightens me. All right, everyone. Let's break this up right now or I'll show you my ball. Yeah. Come out of here. Get him out. I'm ready. Back. 1132 at 560 at WQM. We got Marla's baseball at 2 o'clock. Man, they were on fire at her 7 or 1. And they just, uh, it's an amazing thing. Even I'm starting to lighten up. And that's what I'm trying to burn a band. And I don't care about baseball. But at least you got to hand it to a man. They've done the right thing. The organization has opposed to some of the other organized. They've done the other organizations in this town and around the country. They've done the right thing. They've built a juggernaut. And everybody's like, Glomin' on a wooden moths to be a part of it and squeeze it and everything else. Which I think is fine. No TV today again from Puerto Rico from San Juan. So you can see the Marlins pound the crap out of a little league Montreal expos at 2. Uh, you can hear it at 2.35. Pre-Game of 2. See it on your radio. See it on your radio. Take a look and boy, you'll go to Newcoma. If you need an app, Dave Ann Boyn will be doing a game until boot comes on. Dave Ann Boyn, he is just Colonel. I mean, Boog is a little rock and rolly, but he's got a lot of cliches. That's true. They've got to call him ripped him that day, but he's good. He puts him like seven into what he's enthusiastic. He's a living and breathing person. Not some fothyl man with a bad hairpiece. Anyway, Alan, one of our regular facts, who says the small print on Lipitor says not showing to prevent heart disease or heart attacks on the ads. So what's the point? The point is that the people will make it Pfizer and Merck and all these other pharmaceutical giants. That's the point that they want to make billions and billions of dollars and they want to fleece the American public as much as they can. It's fases they can until they find out that some of these things kind of like the lutimide. Remember that Eli Lilly? Yeah, the fripper. Because all sorts of grotesque and horrendous things. And of course your doctors probably get in a lot of nice trips and vacations and maybe you can read once in a while, whatever. Because he's peddling all that. Those are for seven to so core and things like that. All of these things. Also, Alan says, eramercas on a key west on 1500 WKIZ. Honors sure will ask Friday, Randy said she learned everything she knows about talk radio from Neo Rogers in Miami. And thanks very much, Randy. And you're right. And number two, I'm sure glad I'm not on eramercas. I'll do I think about it. I could just imagine after investing all of these years in this business waking up yesterday morning and discovering. Oh, that's what you're not on Chicago where I lay today. And they like to doors in Chicago. All the door opens. Yeah, next week maybe New York and maybe, yeah. See, they have a skeleton crew. They just have a board-ops sitting in the other markers. I'm your laughing. They're not broadcasting people. I want to understand. It's kind of like one step away from from seven ninety from waxes seven nights. One step away from that. They basically have least the time on these stations. So that they could put these programs on the earth. I thought I want to say. And if they wind up on some kind of a problem like they have in Chicago and LA and who knows where else then they ain't on here and they got to go to court. And who knows if they really have the money or not? I don't think I really need that at this stage of my not so good luck, Randy. Wow. And worse comes to work. She can always come back to her. Right. Welcome home. Right. Welcome home. No problem. Now this fact bothers me because I didn't say anything about the statin drugs. Did I? You didn't hear me saying that. I didn't hear it. Because this dessert could you please. See, I'm not a doctor. I just give my opinions. I don't want anybody to start taking something or stop taking something. Just because I got a big mouth here. I'm not prescribing. I haven't totally unqualified to be doing that. I'm just quoting things that I've written that I believe very strongly about the butchers in the medical profession. Okay. Most of what to then they are. Hello. Yeah. Hello. Doctor. Would you like to come and butcher me up today? No, but I'll come over and see you. All right. I'll kill some good time, Doctor. Hello. I have to wait a couple of hours. Oh, that's great. I have nothing else going on anyway. Bring my knitting. Yeah. I'm a professional victim. Maybe you can tell me I got something bad. Oh. Neo, could you please restate the name of the book about stands? I'm currently on Crest Door, which did lower my cholesterol from 4.95 to 220, but I would really prefer not to be. And it's not my diet. I'm only a year old from triple bypass surgery. Definitely don't want to go through that again. Thanks. I really appreciate it. Here's somebody who's been through triple bypass surgery. And the year away from going through it again, they're asking me for advice. No, no, sir. That was you all the best. I hope you don't have to go through it again. But please, please. Find a real doctor. Okay. Get a search part in on sight easier. Find a real doctor. Please. I beg you. The name of the book is. Well, we don't know what it is. I used to. By a Kilmer McColley call. And it's not a book about cholesterol. It's a book about heart and heart disease and about all these things. And he's got a section toward the back of the book about these statin drugs. And he just rips them and asks them to tell you that there are a lot more data. And he's also. Well, I'll find it. Kilmer, what is it in Kilmer? Kilmer McColley. Well, why don't you do a search on why you're saying they're picking you nose? Because I got a good one. No, but the reason I I mentioned the trans fatty acids because I had a story that I never got to, which is very boring. Nobody wants to hear it. But it's it's important stuff. It's about a local doctor. Dr. Michael D. Osner and the Gables. This was where was this where I find the somewhere. Years before trans fats made into the public radar. Miami cardiologist Dr. Michael D. Osner was calling them a major health hazard. And telling his patient to avoid foods containing that fat. And Dr. Bob rest in peace. Dr. Rackens. Another one. It was screaming about trans fatty acids and how they will kill you. And how they were a hell of a lot worse for you than all this business about cholesterol and about Zokor and lipatore and all these stanton drugs. And also homo-system, which this a Kilmer McColley didn't he discover homo-system? I'm pretty sure he did. I'll take your word for it. Yeah, no, he did. This isn't just some slet that wrote another book like Dr. Fula pretends to be a diet guru. I was wobbling around with a big fat pupic. Anyway, Dr. Osner says of the three types of fat trans fats are the worst of the lot. Of saturated unsaturated trans fat, Osner is medical director of well-less and prevention at Baptist Cardiac and Vascular Institute. He was persuaded by the evidence showing trans fats lower good or hl cholesterol, increased bad or ldl cholesterol, so quit eating and cookies and potato chips and french fries, George. Trans fatty acids, they'll kill you to bad or poison. Yeah, yeah. While doctors still know no exactly how trans fats were if they do know they can reach significant damage, Harvard's landmark study of more than 80,000 nurses found that just replacing 30 calories, or 7 grams of carbohydrate each day with 30 calories or 4 grams of trans fats, nearly double the risk of developing heart disease. Oh my god, that hurts. You hear that? Again, they found that replacing just 30 calories, or 7 grams of carbohydrates each day with 30 calories or 4 grams of trans fats, nearly double the risk of developing heart disease. There are poison. There are two. I don't know which one. This is the only one on the one. The homocysteine revolution. That's it. And the heart revolution. I don't know which one it is. Well, get a both. No, no, seriously, he did guys fantastic. He's out for extending. Oh, he's out the fucking stand out. That's worse. He's out. Fucking standing. No, he is. Well, I don't like this. That sounds too, I don't know. It just makes you feel like big brother is listening and watching, which he probably is very like. He's out. Standing. The first one was the heart revolution. Right. Homocysteine revolution must have come out subsequently. I see. Well, no, seriously, if you're taking that full look acid, not just plain full look acid, but we'll come out with a B vitamins, which I've been taking that for a long time. That's going to bring the, I'm telling you, give me that look. I know give me that place. Look, it brings your homo level away down. How much more Macho I am since I started taking that formula. How about if I just take a sentiment, go for it. We just give it to our programming people. We'd really be in good shape. We could butcher this place up a little bit. A freaky curl. That's why I'm moist the time. It's takes a lot of homo. Yeah. He's a lot of homo, alright. About 210 pounds of creepy homo. It's a 20-ton. 20-ton, no, not five-60. Oh, by the way, I wonder if he has pink eyes. Oh, I am low. This is portraying five-60. You way am. Good, good. You know, when you're not feeling like yourself. I feel like Dennis Franz today. And I have men, brats. You may feel sad. Hopeless. And lose interest in things you once love. Sparkey. I feed you a poop. I feed you a poop. Why don't you just curl up and die. You feel the activities in relationships suffer. Hi, Mary. Hi, honey. What's up? I'm Max Twink. Forget it. You're a heinous bloke pig. These are some symptoms of depression. Depression may be related to an imbalance of naturally occurring chemicals. The goal of works to correct this imbalance. Side effects may include dry mouth and somnia. Side effects, diarrhea, nausea and sleeping. Damn, I just trapped all over my bed. I'll clean it up tomorrow. So soft. You know more about what's wrong. You can help. Thank you, right. There you go. Let's go into the loft. It's 17 to. First thing is bloke pig. Yeah. Oh, that's bad. I hope somebody got just higher off. First out there ponytail. You think? No. No? I think not. How do you know that? I'm just guessing. Oh, come on. Just play these people. I'm going to really match your guys. We got like Tommy. Roll up his sleeves and go out there and I'll keep a bullet. Huh? It's not like they're not capable of it. Even though Jeff has fed the building many times. Right. That's right. At least you can do for Jeff Cohen who's fed this building a million times. Got all that food. And you people sitting around here lazy. Well, we don't have anybody in the building. We'll skip you might do it because you know. Oh, yeah. I can see skipping change in the tire. Right. By the way, when you finish running over Todd Drek with right side tires. Right over skip you. I can just see it two for one deal. Man. Let me make a lot of our problems here at QAM. Here's our poll today on theorages.com. Which we got to lovely dead Margo Hemingway on there while she was still alive and looking pretty decent. Which of these people offend you the most religious fanatics to 161. That was my vote. They make me speak. Can't stand them. They are the bane of human existence. The root of all evil in the white wing or the 100. Chris is a lot of slopp over from what he had a voice to in over. That's okay. Figure out, you know, old Jews 23 and old Cubans 21. It seemed to be like right side by each where they belong. Right. Liberals 13, Blacks 13, 806, Golf and at X4, 4 Golf and at X4. I'm listening. Uh, what else we got? Haitian drivers three to make in his two sports nerds to in computer nerds. Finally got one out of 454. Wait till you're this. More Michael Jackson bad news. Bad news from the New York Daily News from the front page section. Liberathe's ex adds to Jacko's woes. Michael Jackson is lashing out at a former lover of Liberathe's who claims to have had an affair with Jacko. Scott Thorson 45 says he twice had rumps with the gupped one, surely we were splitting with Liberathe in the early 80s. I think what he's trying to say is Michael, You're gay. Jackson's it. I know that pains you greatly though. No, no, I love that. Jackson's attorney Steve Cochrane tells us Thorson's story is false track. You know what it's thursday. And you know what I forgot? That's because that was the track last night. I didn't pick up the inquire. So this is another reason I cannot be here. Maybe skip you'll bring that to. Yeah, sure you will. After he's finished changing the tire for Jeff Cohen, he'll bring me the national inquire from all. I bet you try to over here while green sure. Somebody will drop by the inquire. So I can be the whole store because this is just a short blur of the news. New York Daily News. The national inquire where Thorson makes his claim reports that he passed a polygraph test and is ready to testify in the singer's travel station case about his relationship with Michael Jackson. Thorson believes he could prove useful to prosecutors of Jackson's lawyers assert that their client is thoroughly heterosexual and thus would have no interest in boys. Thorson says that after meeting Jackson in 1979, Vegas, the two had their first sexual encounter in a London apartment. Thorson, a former model says he was trying on some new clothing. When Jackson motioned over to the bed where the singer was lounging. He contends that they had another trist to follow him after a dinner party. Michael felt comfortable to make the first move on. I mean I didn't resist, Thorson. Michael beg me to leave La Barracia had to say, No. Thorson admits in the inquire that La Barracia evicted him from their early home in 1982 after Thorson became addicted to painkillers and other drugs. Thorson later sued La Barracia for Palamoni. Maybe now we can move in with Raj. Huh? Maybe kind of turn him around. Thorson claims he saw Jackson often on over the next few years. He doesn't say off or on what. Twice he claims he saw gay porn mags on Jackson's nightstand, once with pictures that look like young boys. Cockburn reacted angly to Thorson's allegations saying we reserve our right to seek the appropriate remedies against any person who makes this claim. Cockburn, we're not saying about him in this story. Oh, Steve Cockburn. I said, as soon as that's our cockburn, I thought about Johnny Cockburn. Who we used to call Johnny. I'm gonna show what we want any more for obvious who. Steve Cockburn said it's all trash. Of course, I mean, it's trash. Whatever. Whatever. Whatever. Right. I mean, come on. In fact, I think it's time for another big party at Neverland. You might move back in for a day to say, throw to the big bash. Put on a happy face. And then I, of course, that you're gay. Right. Let me just tell you right now, folks. Anybody who denies that they're gay, they're the ones believe you me. The ones who are always pointed to fingers. Those who are rattling the, the spears. Oh, and speaking of a gay, Linda Mara, what's your name? Lisa Roy Presley, Linda Marie. Okay. Lisa Marie, she finally fest off. I had this on a couple of weeks ago, did I about to dig a fierce? And then she joined the Scientologist. Of course, it does the classic. Yeah, just a question. It relevant. Tom Cruise, John Revoltah, all of these people, were always holding press conferences and swing people to make sure that everybody understands that they're not gay. Right? Absolutely. Right. They're all Scientology. I understand the next of the Catholic Church, it's the biggest closet in the world. As I want to hear, I could be wrong. It's Ruby. They got room for more. No, and if you have a roommate, they'd like to find out who it is and what they look like. And will they cooperate? Anyway, five, six that we haven't taken any calls here today. Just a couple and two hours. I feel like I've let this crowd down. Have I? I've enjoyed this so far. It's been good. It's been fantastic. Except for the part with Jeff. That was fine. So he's a good guy. He's just a show killer. Not as much so as Rimmer though. Oh, what a hockey stuff. Wow. Which of these people offend you the most religious fanatics? 275 out of 478. Right, Wringers 1027 old Cubans 25 old Jews 23. Don't be a yenta. Liberals 14 and Blacks 14, 807. Golf, Golf, and that Explorer. And drivers 4 Jamaicans 2 sports nerds 2 and computer nerds 1. I probably should have said impereous to makins. Let's you make him win. Yeah. I don't think that you make him men are like that, are they? I don't know what that meant. No, but the Jamaican women, it's always a, but that phony, a very British style accent, you know, kind of look another nose at you. Anyway, here's one from Charlie and dear field beach who keeps making. Making his name smaller and smaller because he's embarrassed to be in such a chronic. He's hooked out and he can't stop. Can't stop. He's all right. He's good. He's an excellent factor. He says in the off chance, you haven't already heard about it mentioned red analyzed transfer rejoiced over the article. The path to war in this month's vending for magazine, which I have heard about and have a right yet. I thought I'd just bring it to your attention. It's a bit long, but definitely worth reading. See, that's another thing I got to get is this month's vending affair. Because that's a long and inditing article about what went on there and the reason we went to war in our rack. And all these people have done. He has that too. I won't be just got banned in the fair and I guarantee they got that new inquire. Comes under me Thursday. Well, at least I hope it does. Why is it? I still don't understand. They publish all of tabloids in land 10. Right. We could throw a brick from here to land 10. Probably would be a good idea. And then they probably spoke it. Mm-hmm. No, it's just that we could throw a whole bunch of baseballs tightly wound. Right. Who the ones and now that they took it away from Haiti, we'll have to find out. And that's how close land 10 is. But for whatever the reason is the tabloids, I get them faster in Toronto than I get him here. Why is that? Like trying to find a fresh orange at the store. They're grown here. Yeah. And you can probably find them in the Oshoa Ontario. Right. Fresher than you can get them here. Right. Same thing with the back. Or maybe in maybe in the... Iron City. I thought the weed came in through here. Right. Try to find a reasonably priced bag. Or maybe in Canotia. 560560. Everybody was constant? Yes. Never been there. See there you go. You got me on that. Not sure. Did the bus thing. You know. Back off. Never been to Wisconsin. A lot of beard renkers there. A lot of German sausages. Lot of Nazis. 560560560. Haiti, Haiti, Haiti. And Verizon Wireless lines. You just do that again. Welcome to QA. Hello. QAM. Yes. You're speaking sir. You know we will all be hiding again. Sounds like what do you do me? See I want to talk to some real people. not interested die die would a die die in who is now what the gold on my you said die die in five six seven oh five sixty we're trying to like spice it up with some really interesting calls here now which what do you want okay or real case for you're not interesting you're about as interesting as that not not not even close facts is torn off the machine here baby donner from west palm beach says i've been following the proceedings of the non-loving commission i'm curious as to when somebody's gonna ask oh yada yeah okay whatever you say don't don't start turning the show into light bulb please okay leave the article reading to me and let's have a little bit of a good time here today let's not get too ponderous with light bulb junior okay or senior a these uh any these things i i just i have such an that's another reason i would want any part of era america i really wouldn't write i mean i'm not gonna lie to you i'd sure love to be on your new work in l.a.a. in chicago uh national but not not not not not kind of a format doomed because they even though they claim that al frank and will you such a great humorist that's not the purpose of that deal what they wanted to be is the uh the left wing counter to uh right wing crap not interested in that and when i would nickers and they don't understand that i keep telling you it's the same with a sports format in this demonstration he's more on to this time oh we're gonna show you we're gonna have another sports agent people don't listen to gym management hang goldburg and Joe Rose because they're sports they're listening to them because of the who they are in their personality they all all those guys they could be talking about anything they could be talking about sex and that kind of is a work and have a hell of a lot bigger number than we got now because he forces really narrow casting everybody's interested in getting laid just about uh only a small percentage of people are really all that obsessed with sports around a clock and they're all here and they're all right in this building back there's one sitting right through this i could probably throw a brick right from here while i'm sitting right through that wall right at cleanses I'll go get you brick the only problem being where there's no sense there's no feeling 560 5060 pound 560 on it and by the way clearance you're gay well i mean it was just sitting there at my school use it WQA and hello i heard that before yes QA and yes hi good morning i'm bigger burn got a good morning the Michael Jackson okay right that's him uh i wanted how long it would be thank you i'm hello hi Neil yes i'd like to mention something about the FCC uh what are they going to do with the he-ha we run with all their flat you're at sound oh that's right yeah you don't see that no more no no no no the family but right censored everything okay the in fact on all the family when he's always have flush in that toilet upstairs you don't we hear that number there's one of the funniest things on a show is when you can always hear the sound that we allowed flushing toilet upstairs and what we hear no toilet flush because that has to do with excritory activity and our cheese to say gd all the time yeah now how many years ago was that on the air about 40 minutes yeah 40 and here we're not in the not only are we making any progress we're taking these big gigantic steps back into the distant past pretty soon you're going to have to say oh can i go to the water closet please uh yeah the wc i'm sorry feels navigate in fact we'll have to do code can i go to the wc field the sign language right here's the pants of mine for going number one uh don't go there literally or figuratively if you're gonna go get the old jelly there we're out again well i got a great idea for a bulk of brand but you know young Neil right not every team the twilight of my existence how about old meal huh oh i can just dare that's the one i think it's an idea about the right we're kind of right now sweetheart old meal i could show that more thing or two fine but i won't because he'd probably like it five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and the horizon uh i'm listening okay that's my new body now i knew mainman i don't know i just i i don't i can't i can't i must tell you i can't figure him out i mean i know that ninety percent of it is a bitter nasty hostile egotistical poppins so whatever but there's just a part in there that could be uh i don't know every catcher in the ride kind of like whole long time i'm sorry send me wants to be like just doesn't know how to do it yeah no he doesn't want to be like you're right and even after all this time all the places that he's been candid in the place that he's left and been railroaded out of and all the people that he's alienated all the people it's as ripping an ass uh he still hasn't figured out you know in other words the world is out of step and he's in line you know right he just doesn't get that and i wish there was some text to split out and i'll maybe uh maybe since gildy threatened to walk out and his abandoned him this way i'm looking for the big uh oh fact you know what it is that's what it is because when you leave somebody with the big band they start really whatever you say you know yeah so he's please come back gildy please come out gildy please come back because the big boys are good guy but he is the uh i'm serious he is so horrendous on here oh speaker that don't forget to join the big go today from noon to right now but well i'm doing this problem also like him he's a good he's a likable guy and personal free train but the fact that it matters he just so deadly humorless and dead pan but that sports stuff and like i don't know just i don't have to take your word i see before i came to this station before we came over here and you know me i've got a lot more sports intensive than you have ever been baseball hockey all my life but i never i never knew that these people existed i never encountered people like this you know what i mean no i do know what you mean i didn't know and i do see there were no people like this even the sports department was not not a dream no they were like uh not so one-dimensional normal people who like sports right i mean even the care of the guy even he was like you know flying the plane to take relief supplies uh during a hurricane stuff like that they're like more human but here the like sports sports of a times is what they are but you're going to be going right now noon to two a thie McDonald's located at a 3247 Hollywood board bar stopped by the wind prizes were interested to win tickets to the upcoming marlin's home game and by the way it's been very late by what we're going to have to have the big goal at McDonald's what from now until till this afternoon why and local we are sports video 560 series two a yeah arc Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on q-a-m hour from bokeh Hi, what's the thing They don't need one name, Chad. Welcome to the Recon Academy of Morning. Such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy place. And welcome to the wrong in the Recon Academy of Morning. We're the winner of the clear, we're the winner of the game. And welcome to the Recon Academy of Morning. Such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, Such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, Such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, Such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, Such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, Such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, By the way these games are perfect for the race, such a crazy race, such a crazy story, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, and such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, Such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, perform. What day is it? About 30 minutes. More volume 30. Right. Sacrifice more lives. All these things. Rick Hood, see we made a bad mistake yesterday. We both said nice things about facts are Rick. Right. So now he's like back at it again today. See? These people out there, they're reaching out. They're like, they're like longing, searching, desperately trying to bond with the rest of the human race and using us as a vicarious extension. Through whom they can reach out to mankind. See what I'm saying? Are we? Rick says notice how Cheney is disappeared again. I wonder if they're trying to hide him from the campaign. Carey, carey, he's our man if he can't do it. We'll move to Canada. Costa Rica sounds good too, says Rick. Costa Rica. See? All the way to know about those line of work companies. I guess Central America is okay for now. I want to hear more about Belize. Belize? See? They like their bow-arboned Belize, please. I heard it's kind of cosmopolitan. There's a lot of different kinds of people living there. But if you go there, they might just seize your asses. There's one on the coast there, the weather's there. Costa Rica, they might seize your asses. That's too. There's what I hear. 560, 560, pound, 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live. We got screenless here. Look at that response. There's nobody here anymore. Where'd they go? Canada? Anywhere. No, no, this is every year it's a little bit earlier. They just bail on us. Bail on you. WQAM, hello. Yeah, I talked to Neil. Speaking. Hey, I mean, I want to talk to you. I really don't care, although I'm not sure if I ended by you and I was sure I don't care if the FAC Heratasy. Yeah. I think that I think your show was poising. I think Miami would be a better place without you on the area. No, why are you listening to it? Why are you listening to it? Why are you listening to it? Get some new material. Why are you listening to it? Get some new material. Get a life. 560, you know, that was a so fake man. It's a tragic. Perfect. Get some new material. Let's poison. We'd be better. But get some new material. Then it won't be so much poison. Probably a friend of Reverend Jones. Probably his boyfriend. Come to QAM, hello. Neil, for that last golf, I get your call. Yes. I'm the fuck off. Okay. That was cute. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T of Verizon Wireless Line. Now, see he was already ringing a phone, but I guess he was so inspired by the previous golf hold I called. Not golf bag. He was a golf full. No, no, no, no. Golf full. WM-Hello. Yes sir. Oh, you're a family. WM-Hello. Yes sir. You're not an influencer. I said, you're a regular police. You can't talk to me. You're not saying anything calls right now. Okay. Thank you. You're sorry. WM-Hello. Oh, hello. Would you like to hear about, please? Sir, please, please. Please. Please. Is beautiful? The food is beautiful. The food is beautiful. The food is beautiful. The food is fabulous. The diving is fabulous. The people are fabulous. And I heard fabulous. What languages do we have to choose from in the lead? French? English. Really? Yeah, they're taking lessons. They speak Spanish. Why the law? Why are they taking lessons? They're educated in English. They're educated in English. And the Guatemalan sin, their families over to learn English. Huh. And do laundry. It's wonderful. Thank you very much. Thank you. I'm going to be a great one. Please. I'm going to be a great one. Please. And maybe just as a way of saying, give her ice squeezed. You could think I saved that. InterTube. 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Alright, thank you. I'm a pleasure. I think you want to die. Here's a greeting from Miami. Whaaah! WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy Thursday, Tusser. I want to put two people on your pole. Two people on a pole. Yes. Which of these people offend you the most, okay? Okay. White people. White people. And Batman. What was the other one? Batman. Adam Ant. Batman. Oh, Batman. Batman. Batman. Batman. Yes, that. That's a kind of words, uh, a song for our G. Oh, okay. Okay. Well, we sure don't have no of those around here. Batman. Batman. Oh, we can put that on there. Thanks. White people and things. And he's especially don't like white flags. Because we know for sure to ain't no, uh, uh, uh, Fag whatever he is. Yeah, that's for damn sure. Which he's not too happy about because he's looking desperately to find one. Okay, Pali will put that on a pole. Right your name on a T-room wall and full number. Or put it on there like that. Well, the Fags are gay. Yeah, I don't know. Fags. WQAM. Hello. Neil. Let's call in the people. Golf holes. Can we call the room? WQAM. Hello. Hey, young. Okay. Hang on a second, Pali. Now Jeff Cohen came back to the fish you tire. Working on it. They showed up for us or just, oh, Son of a, it's we didn't do any good. But we can't always, we can't bet a thousand. There's nobody around on to understand. There's nobody here now. Right. So, Tair King is right across the street. Jeff had a in this human hot weather. We had to walk all the way across the street. How many feet is that? About 30 feet over there on the other side of the street. On, uh, whatever that is, 441. Without a hat. Without a hat, no less to protect him from that blazing and furrow of a sun. And get the Tair King to people to change his tear. They're working on it right now. So you missed your 11 30 with that hooker in, uh, in the hallendale. I guess maybe you've been making it in time for your 12 30. Every hour on the hour. It's the shower of power. It's older to hope the phone. Okay. Hold on. Okay. Here's somebody who was holding on. Hello. Hey, I'm Kornin. Yes, you're sorry about that. But Jeff Cohen had a problem. Yeah, I understand. Life is the, is the bit of a millionaire. And the only thing that's been going on with the key diddy and ODB. The one where about 30 comes from is that one. One of the illegal ones you can play anymore. Oh, I don't know. I have no life. About 30 man. That one, yes sir. Why wouldn't we be able to play that? Oh, I don't know. I was just wondering you haven't played it. See if he would say about if we played about 69. He couldn't say that. About 30 man. Yeah, you got to write there. There we go. In fact, we'll play a 30 time. About 30 man. About 30 man. About 30 man. About. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. This is the part of the show that we love when a really amateur starts coming from the audience. Well, they look. They're under a lot of stress. They're being abandoned. Everybody with like more than 50 bucks in your pocket. Who is capable of doing his bailing out. I still say that that tells you everything you need to know about this area. I mean, it's, it's not like the weather is insurphably. In fact, it's pretty. Since all I'd rain and crap in the last couple of days, it's beautious. Nice and cool. Cool. Sonny Shannon and on a cloud in the sky. If you live like, between an orange and an ojas. And what's not to like, you know, but the fact of the matter is they're getting out while the getting is good. See what I'm saying? But it's now up north. It's starting to get like, you know, 55, 60 maybe in some places 70. So I think what they're really trying to say is, hey, guess what? I'd rather be up here. In fact, if the weather was like a 65, 70, 75 all year up here, we never see your ice down there. It's what they're trying to say. And of course, a lot of you would say, well, that's good. Well, that's good. Stay in the way, you know, as a way of rationalizing the deficiencies of the area in which we live. You live. Did you say, Aryan? Yes, nation. WM-ho. Niel. Yes, sir. Hey, do I'm paling? Pretty good. Paling, what's up? Not too much. I have two additions to your pole. Oh, boy. Go ahead. Physical fitness nuts. Physical fitness nuts like Jeff Cohen is one. And figure out smokers. Well, that's an interesting combination. Yeah, I think so. They're kind of opposite. Okay. Cover some of the territory. Thanks, paling. Thank you. Have a great day. Figure out smokers and the physical fitness nuts. Physical fitness freaks. No, because generally physical fitness nuts are freaks. And there's one sitting right in there. Take a look at him, man. Oh, brother. Whew. Hey, it's 11 past noon speaking of the pizza loft. The one and only. See, that's why I came back in. He probably sneak to peek at the log when it was in here before. I'm not putting you on to impellish this spot. Now, what's this about no BS coupons like they're the joints? Because the pizza loft offers every Thursday like today, a special where you buy any on-ter and the second one is half price. Every Tuesday at the loft when you buy one, every time dinner, the second one's only five bucks. Again, you don't need no phony coupon. Every week they do this. Every Monday, you buy one, listen, dinner, the second one's only five bucks. And again, no coupon. That's necessary because it isn't just like all of it for days, the fourth of each month, the between now and next circus. It's all the time. And of course, the great formula for this success of pizza loft is because they're consistent in Jeff's days out of your way and out of your hair. He's out getting late all day. It's the only restaurant in the country with no microwave and everything is either baked or sauteed. They give you gigantic fresh portions, everything is delicious. Three different kinds of great pizza, the best garlic rolls you ever had. And because they've got over 200 seats, you don't have to stand online and a weekend to wait to get seated and start just chopping down on that good stuff. They also have to pizza loft delivered at St. Great Menu from, let's see, all over the place. West all over the flamingo road north to sunrise Boulevard south to Pines Boulevard. East to 441 draw on a map. And of course, they do great catering too for any affair you may be having. And believe me, Jeff knows as affairs for his little just five bucks per person. You'll find a world famous pizza loft going strong there in Davy between five 95 and Griffin Road on the University of Drawer at Beyond Peerwood. In ports tons and tons of free parking. Here's the number to call it Jeff knows his numbers. Call 9 5 4 9 1 6 88 80. In fact, if he goes in one slow a bit slow, like you know, 3 30 and the afternoon one's an off time and Jeff happens to be there. He'll regal you with lots of great stories I'm sure. 95 4 9 1 6 88 80 for the world famous pizza loft in Davy. My life and love this is 4 236. You way too way. Rectom. I see some I change. Oh once in my life. She'd a plan to hear. But I'll go laundry to the maroon I. And I want it some girl I'm so about to get you by. I'm not in the shade. I'm a car on the street. The minute to feed. And the future seems to be used to all but change. I need. She'd realize then. She'd have wrote that ten. She'd have no. But there they are. To go home away that home. But I got nowhere to go. But why am I asking you to go? I'm talking to the land and the total. I'm asking you to know it's okay. But here's the. The ball of I told you. If you want to pass the bridge you've got all the main. Cause this lane's only accent. She got me with the maroon and the total. I'm thinking him to my future. She has us. Look how hard she's told you. Maybe that when you got to another lane. If you can't come up with it. She's a slave and a man. And a man is up. I had a positive feeling. And I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. flying overhead. Adjust yourself.ft. Provort agent.  corresponding from. Emblems. Do you know no. Check their. No more kinds of pay on their back of It's the same color for a second. Trend dates. Great. Now I wouldn't be putting them that far ahead. Not with that of the sports station coming on here. I wouldn't be planning that for a head. Now wait to hear this facts. And lie with the other guy to call it all been out of shape alleged bad phone call. Please take that picture of the- listen to this. Near Rogers, please take that at least they said please. The ugly picture of Candleys Riceoff you have said makes me puke every time I see it. We all know she's an ugly liar. We don't need to be reminded of it every day. PS get better looking women for the beaded curtain and show all the goods. Do you know what they left off at the end? I'm sure they forgot was an oversight. Whether we're going to say- BAAAHH! Like that. Yeah. I get that. A lot. No matter what we do on there it's not enough or we're going to- We're not a dancing round when the pictures we get on there. We're kind of with things going right now which on Ask Cropped All these other Nazis out there. You better be glad you can even see a little boobie. How many thousands of- Even your all sites are there free and other right for this trip to indulge you. If you want to go to the four-inch site there's 80 billion points. We try to put a little class on there right on. Quarity. Last three letters of it. Quality pictures. Right. One monro one we had on last week. Scouring for hours to find good quark. Right. And what do we get? Instead of anybody saying thank you for putting it on there. It's like we're the breath of fresh air and it's classily enjoyed and it's kind of fun and whatever. And you know that I checked the- were the we were first thing on there where the stats. There's 80 trillion of these pumps coming there. They want to see a nude picture. Okay. So we're given them a public service. Desperados. Couldn't get laid in Amsterdam in the middle of the red light district. But oh no. Complain, complain, complain, complain. Yeah. Belly. Just take what you've gotten enjoyed. Okay. Sweetheart. Or take a hike. Yeah. Now here's the fact that says Belize has got a cool. Great for diving and fishing. Otherwise it gets boring quickly. Huh. Conrad. I'm not flying. The official language is technically English. Used to be British Honduras. The official currencies the US dollar are a bit expensive to fly to. Do not go inland. It's a bit unstable. I'm going to end up 60 under. Not sounding too promising. Adventure land. How about an illegal immigrants for your poll? How about illegal aliens? Let's put that on. Okay. Sure. Or how about just alien? No, illegal aliens. And then it says Jeff Cohen should fix his own damn tire. Lazy buckle with. Hey, he's Jewish. Okay. He's used on change tires. You better get with it. You've been spending too much time on Belize on the island. Out here on the islands. We do think different. That's what they see over there on Lasola. So here on the islands. We do things differently. 560. You don't forget to big O is waiting for you McDonald's. Go over there and get a big Mac. 32.47 Hollywood Boulevard. Stopped by the wind prices registered when tickets stopcoming Marlins game. They're harder than a firecracker man. Marlins are on fire. Don 12 will us. Three for three again. He's got seven consecutive hits. Seven of the basketball back last season. And I'll three round homework to top it all off last night. Man. They got some like legitimate superstars on his team. Miguel Cabrera, Don 12 will us. Josh Beckett. Oh, I forgot Josh Beckett sitting over there and I remember I'm going to throw the brick in little while. Let's rob that pole coming with. What you only wish. He won the bad haircut. You only wish you were Josh Beckett clearance. Who you kid man. Which of these people offend you the most? Forgot to put clearance on there. 584. Religious fanatics. 138 almost 60%. Our second tattoo religious nuts. Beat in a sofa to head with your fairy tales with your bubble mice. He's okay. Right wingers. 122 old Cubans. 28 old Jews. 27. No, it's like stuck side. They're almost stuck together with some an crazy glue that Mo uses to put on at peace. Absolutely. One to ruin day. And liberals and blacks are like side by H2 18 a piece. 18 for liberals 18 for blacks. What about black liberals? A pants in Drivers 9, 18 us 7,inizi 7 golf priests. centries. Political. liner's barris cloudseron, fuckndan horses going night. With liaglais. Yeah. It does not want to pop up here. It'll be refreshing. It's on my mind. No it's not. I think it'll be refreshing. Let me just refresh it again. for fresh it again here there it is just like farting in the shower and we so refreshing or can't say that no more and there it is out of 597 vote 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line WQAM hello what time is the show start what all soon as you hang up WQAM hello yes sir hey you're heard to read the Michael more piece this morning yeah can you tell me with that appeared on my fast machine on his website Michael more dot com oh okay it's not an any publication and right but why do you need a publication if it's on his website because I can't get online that's why my not it's a little story thanks for everything you know that's a lot story wow he's same guy goes to publics and you know you'll have to stand over there I can't get online he wants to be sure of the media for that sooner well not whatever magazine you got right there on your counterpalits in there just to make him feel better did we get our national inquiry yet no did we get our uh... them just didn't bring our vanity for the late for his busy his life for a hot day and he's busy getting this time changed by turkey the most across the street and nobody here helped them out what a bunch of lazy bastards we got this whole he's brought them all of that free food I mean for six and a half years now please we can't brought food even though never could have filled up the arc with as much food you know what I'm saying are so much food to fill up that whole ship they get food over there do you think anybody ever tells us very rarely very seldom like I know you don't like sushi but I like it too she over there and I'll tell me I mean when you're looking at some kind of food that you're supposed to be in and it's it is looking back at you at that point I'm not too crazy about okay that you know it's fresh but it's still moving when that evil eyes starts moving at that point when it's out spitted out w qa and hello okay you're talking about new stuff do you know about new stands yes new stands back in the days I'm talking about back in the days and for the immigration of so many that's been this day and it was one little one in the corner oh absolutely right all my life that's the only one I've ever seen down here right little plywood shack yeah it's right that was there for a long time yeah across from my right across from where the I and I's building is now yeah thank you what else used to be there what wasn't juniors was there get the junior hunting junior was there how are you single cigarettes there back in the back in the day when it were like a few white people in that hood now they're in no mold right yeah because they kept robbing how's how's money's market doing now sonny's market oh sonny's market market just around down by pizza what you call that on Papa John's that's all that's there right all right he's expecting all over the place he did there for a good time that a long time I have a great day Bailey very good I bet you I got that one sonny yeah I think you do you'll play some of Jesus music for further maybe could be the box not that good 567560 pound the AT&T come on let us have your best material that it folks were getting some really great calls I love it my favorite makes me realize where I am briefly WQAM hello hi me I'll just want to say I love your leadance to the the ad the great the leadance to the ads yeah what was that me I'm not an ad I don't know what is that mean well just how you're spruce them up and making funny oh my leadance okay you do a great job thanks okay and pledge a leadance to the ad do you have any idea what that was you have to lead to the room like when you play go that creature was talking about how many QAM hello hey Neil yes sir hey I want to preach I want to preach I want to preach I appreciate the beaded Paul oh a beaded print and pull down see you're getting a bit carried away with us now don't take use of what I think you could probably get arrested yeah the thing they should complain about is the Michael Powell picture below yeah it's a car crash in the by him right I don't mean the body okay palie thanks a lot have a great day 5 6 5 6 7 5 6 4 look at this Jeff Kona me please look at the first spot the next break there is here's my lead in it's tire kingdom my life and look all this is for 20 5 6 6 2 8 now from Washington the McLachlan group featuring Elano or Cliffs Jack C'mon and sitting in for Pat Buchanan New York Giant Kiki Barber now here's John McLachlan issue on George W rings of Alt and on Cliff well John I have to say Ron Jack on well that's not an easy choice Ron Kiki Barber I'm gonna have to say the book wrong actual answer for exercise next issue Aldo favorite Broadway show bring in the noise bring in the fun or cats Elano G I think is well done well John I have to say Ron Kiki Jack he can come on what's a very difficult choice Ron Tiki Barber I'm ever say right not a choice we Tiki Barber you gave it to that's that that wasn't a choice correct with bonds cats he loves them next issue the cast of big brothers should be murdered how Elano wrong Jack I'm on my wrong Tiki Barber I don't think they should be wrong actual answer poison pudding bye bye 12 31 at 5 60 WQM out of my old time favorite right so we can still play that one I better we better make up with Terence in here because I just walked by to go take a leak and he's sitting in there with a really errol red furrow brownie and he's started to take it to heart I think take what to heart sports oh okay no I mean like all the yeah all the I mean it's all legitimate of course he is he's got very serious problems it doesn't care about what you say Clarence yeah oh definitely wrong about that he's he's because that's my point he's right he's read what is that school huh is that mystery pot I popped it up the wrong thing was that the pot that the secret pot that we got that's got the sound and his just a ruin there there you go man I was always always we keep an e-squeak you're the building yeah it's the door for you like that hey at 77 W ABC all the hits all of them what is that what what what what is it I think it's the that pot I'm feeding back that's digital feed that's Clarence's pot well he's gonna be pissed when he finds out you took it 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T he's all written a brown looks like really I'm sure it has nothing to do with anything you said he's probably there on a QAM site fixing up all that next auction in overdue and that new revenue stream line nine one of the world's most popular lines QAM hello how are you doing that I mean pretty good sir I get a cold still there no he's long gone oh I just want to just give him a little plug and say that his food is absolutely incredible yeah it is the best what a great good I wouldn't I mean incredible you're getting a little bit creative ways excellent it's fresh it's delicious they give you a big portions how much is he paying you for this uh you're paying me in money he's why he's not paying me in money oh really he's sharing sharing some of the goods with you okay uh and I've I've been down to uh I've been down to your favorite hot spot pump out park and I'm a relative young man and I was definitely the youngest man in that crowd no question especially in the dining room yeah I think the average age in the dining room is deceased death yes death plus 10 and Neil yes what did I ever do to you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T Verizon Wireless lines two sugary was wondering where that was it going on I I know him now I know that was him he always goes on line nine WQAM hello Neil yes sir I last night I ran into I really probably at the at the sagras he ran into Ron and the whole pump the sagras and he said I'm listening WQAM hello Jerry you're good haha all right somebody just came out of the closet on the uh air Jerry you're right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T what's going to be some kind of a summer down here George I mean well I'm not looking forward to that July and August when I would have worked two days week two days and Thursdays that's bad whatever I feel like we'll guilty taking those two hours no no no WQAM hello Neil yes sir I don't brother this sensational man this is your Air Force partner hey how you been pretty good I heard your back and down yeah briefly yeah exactly the next stop is what they call a little pit stop for refueling of course the region I'm giving you a call because you're back and time I like to pay a visit to you in Georgia to be all right no hello uh let me what didn't you understand I just said no can't do it oh okay I'll watch fine don't take it personal we just can't do that no okay we're just not set up for that anymore oh you were a hot-of-a-fired guards we have every security here we're like like a fortress now you know the way things are going especially for that fricky cartoony reference right okay maybe you want to stop buying bond with him a little while but I kind of doubt it you don't seem to be his type or you're way around you're probably right right but uh big kids do you take care yourself back to you pali I'll see you say it's up to George for me George was happening sub George sub George okay see it pal circuit bike gone here now he's a good guy we just aren't the playing that game no more okay unless you're really hot we're not playing that game under any circumstances I don't care how hot he well 560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line it's a phenomenal level just doing a Marlon build up here today Marlon's on the expo's in Puerto Rico and said one no less no speaking English I eat but nevertheless and a Marlon's are 7 and 1 they're off to a start that is so unbelievable so just death rattling and amazing it's almost speechless even George is ready to hop on it hmm what I can't say WQAM hello I know yes man how are you today pretty good no I'd like to just start out by thanking you for giving us the real truth about the world these days and anyway I wanted to call about passions yeah what is the deal with Theresa are you getting sick of her I got sick of her about a year ago yeah once you were squirting the big heavy duty crocodile tears all the time she was squirting a few she is the biggest penny has but you gotta understand every character run at show is cleverly designed to aggravate and infuriate those of us who are desperate enough to watch it everything just the every like a alustr you know alustr crane right who has all the hand motions always ringing the hand uh one good thing about him though is he smoking he's changed smoking so many of those big stories so probably have a gigantic tumor pretty soon although now what do you think that oh you didn't see it yesterday with the one today is where he finally shoots Louise does he and we don't really see it he finally pulls the trigger after the stalemate there for about to two and a half days they kill some real good time with that and he finally pulls the trigger and you see Louise drop the big stack of all those secret CDs and uh this and then you see on the picture behind Louise you see blood spatter so you probably you know nick them on the elbow yeah probably right probably one of the my favorite things that I show is when there's a scene when you really think something is finally gonna come to a head of hiding still say that and like with T.C it's almost always T.C and they're open up the door and at the same time Julian and the Eve are hiding in the back didn't know where to be found and you think that he's gonna see them together and he says oh my god no and then we go to commercial let me come back and it has nothing to do with that oh that car that beat up old curl I wish I had that thing it's worth a lot of cash I know they do that all the time it's a show that's designed to aggravate and we love it it's just hysterical alright it's the best um I have a request for the beaten beat of curtains it's since it's all for a man I'm wondering if if in place of Paul that you could put a nice big picture of Johnny Depp oh sure we could find one oh that would be great and by we you mean you you you there's a more kind of all day than you great you know the one in the TV guy just recently a couple weeks ago was the best one I've ever seen really oh my god you see so gorgeous you know his new movie secret window is really very good oh I heard that it was awful I know that he like a sleep block is performance of you oh no it's really cool it's really cool it's right nothing but nasty thing well I'll take you word for it now get one come on we're not an Oscar performance or anything but it's very clever and most of all you see him all the time well there you go that's how you care about yeah okay sweetheart have a good day I'll pan him out of back next time you don't hear what I blackload your jacket hey Neil yes I got two sets of lips and they both say no more okay see you watch it now watch it geez fine don't and that's your assignment now we got to have a Johnny Depp oh I'm not in the movie curtain we're still having females under because how many women we got listening oh yeah we can't like abandon the whole male audience but but lower and we're animal painting fine I mean Michael Paul isn't a native searcher for this test what you know how many sites have to go through just to get one good picture of the chicks so you don't have to be all that good she's obviously easy if it's Johnny Depp you know you and his PJ's whatever without him yeah preferably 20 till 1 at 560 QAF Glock this this is 56 ony a I just hope things are fine You've been a thing to me once I hope you can't say that If you're not very kind of kid or a Christian And what you say, only air would be considered up to No one's a president now I'm a man, I'm a child I'm a child, I'm a fine I'm a black-router You've been a thing to me once I hope you can't say that And I'm making free Oh, if that is you the notice for the FTC I have no luck We find you a bit And take your eyes with the brain Oh, that's for her I know you feel good, you look more All I could have my way, you'll prove it You're destroyed, no such a signal now I'm a child, I'm a black-router I'm a white-router You look more like a queer You look more like a queer You can't say that Right Oh, I don't know how they used to We're a pack and CKLW like in Detroit Cause it was in Windsor Right Well, it did kind of in the TSA But I see it's a geographical thing And it was just like the, uh, I don't want to get into a whole thing Georgia's asking me about arbitraining about the market Like here Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and Hollywood But the TSA, the turtle survey area Would include like Boka I sell Ray Beach and like probably all the way down like Who knows and does show up in the TSA TSA I did, but that's not included in the rating itself I remember You have to look in the book, it'll say TSA Just curious Okay 14 till 1 at 5, 60 couple of faxes here One that says for your poll This is a magnificent, how could I forget Which of these by me? I mean there's so many offenders in so little time But what's these people offend you the most The homeless voice people Oh yeah Holy moly man Homeless voice, that's going to move up to hit parade Like you even stucky lancens going to be a bulldozer by that How do you notice now that you're back? Yes, there is barely an intersection that doesn't have them on I try to like zoom right on by and if you get in my way Just zoom right on the point What's the one if you feel kind of like a bump a little way But that's okay Homeless voice, get that on there right away And polly, homeless voice Also what's his, what's the name of Alan Arkens movie? What's the name of the Alan Arkens movie? Which one? I don't know, maybe there's a new one I'm going to Gary Glenn Ross, he was in the head Oh, Gary Glenn Ross, I bet you that's not in here What? Those drops? The, uh, the long one I don't know, go to lunch GG- GG- Uh Uh What's that? Get the chop! Hey, get the chop! Get the chop! We might have to not play those stuff I closed it, I called Oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, man was I know It was a beautiful thing I might far That was huge but you don't know how that goes No, no, no, no, no, no, no Now, here's the one oldest is just the shore one Got a lunch George Yeah, it's the skoda lunch Will you go to lunch, go to lunch George Go to lunch Go to lunch, yeah it's what Will you go to lunch, go to lunch George Oh, I am proud of this I'm proud of this, I'm proud of this Will you go lazy? I'm too lazy to reaching here Get the one, I'm so i'll find her No, there are- Oh, that's it. There's only those two in there. Yeah. I see. He just said- I know! Anyway, here's another fact that says, uh, where can I find those Mickey Mouse bits? Since the FCC and Wimpy Q and Morton, let's you play that stuff anymore. Who said we can't play the Mickey Mouse stuff? I don't- these people don't get it. Is there anything there's a one where he says- No, there's a couple times- Yeah. We can still say penis. I must- I must- I must clear answers and then get really upset. I know! Also, the crow bit was the best. So that's come up again soon. Not let me forget about that. Almost peed myself. Oops, I hope the FCC won't come after me for using a bodily function. Says Matthew, they probably will. The people he's will be at. Probit was a laborer. In fact, that's what the a piece stands for in Polis, the people he's. That was an all-volunteer bit. Was it really? Well, we don't want to talk about that too much. No, people that don't work here. Oh, look at this, people I hate, Miami-Daw fans, for out running sports phonies. What we got sports nerds on there? Here's what it says. I checked the bedtime stories archives on a website around March 13. Did you cover the story from the T-Ran times you're getting the bushyes having our people plant WMDs around Bosra? Oh, we've had- would not just do a story on a yesterday. Yes. When I heard this smoking chip the other night mentioned the possibility of still fighting WMDs, I was reminded of the above mentioned article. There's one much more to wish the other than that, which we had on a website yesterday, and there's still around, I'm sure. And also condolences to a George about his brother. And then it says here, yes, good. I'll be, yes, good. I'll show you my Robo. That's yes. What does that mean? That's the one somebody dies. That's good. What does it mean literally? I don't know. Come on. Haven't got any idea. Don't start with that juice. I'm not going to finish knowledge. Don't you know it? Some. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5. And if I, what's the, uh, awesome, the geoliburment thing is that in here? I don't know. The Boka brand, geoliburment thing? For you, I'm telling you, it's a good thing I come down here once and over a great while just to try to butcher. It's not in there. I don't even know what you're talking about. The geoliburment Boka brand bit. From when? Last circus? Maybe he didn't even know what it's called. He probably didn't even give it to you. He probably didn't even have it. He gives me, he sends all the good stuff to Toronto. He'll be the other comedy service. That's what you're talking about. That's what you're talking about. I don't think you even have it. The one where they go at the end. You're just going to be as good as you haven't heard that? No. Oh, it's fabulous. No. Let me play it for you right now. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T. All you'll be as post-imension according to suds. Frontline on PBS channel 2 in South Florida. I don't know what it is on WSC, Ellen Palm Beach. Whatever. The big one in the same time. Not sure. No, I know that, but I mean, I don't know if the curim program is same time. Frontline tonight on PBS 10 p.m. Is that sure about John. What's his name? I just said it. I said it. John. The FBI guy to die. What is his name? The email. Whatever his name was. The died in the World Trade Center. The guy from the FBI. That wasn't there. Boy, this computer's gone. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Hi, Uncle Neil. How are you? Pretty good. Well, not way to call the firebap. Johnny Depp. Give me a great idea. You know, you have like the naked woman of the day. For the men kind of come to the website. You have a Johnny Depp picture of the day. I know I'm there every day. I see. I would. I would. I would hit that website so hard. And so fast and so often. Well, they're fearful now. I don't know. Yes, you can be out for me. See, I tell you I'll whip up now. Yeah, we'll go find those nice pictures of Johnny because they're out there. Okay. We'll look for them. Have a wonderful day. It's gorgeous. And the pictures too. You two, thanks. It is a beautiful day, man. I'm happy people down here. I mean, right? Yeah. Yeah. So fabulous day in the neighborhood man. And just the wrong people in the wrong place. Five, six, seven. Who I think I'm Joseph. I can't believe I can't. What the hell was his name? Joe Mama Joe Biden. Joe Smith. Joe Wilson. No, that's the other guy. Joe. Joe Castello. Joe Castello. Joe Rose. Joe. Pepperton. Joe name. Joe Garagiolla. Joe, do you imagine? W.T.Q.A.M. Hello. Neil. Joe Biden. Yes, sir. How you doing, my friend? Pretty good, pal. Hey, listen. I got one for your college. Just tuned in. Sorry. I don't know if it's on there. Yes, but professional athlete. Professional athletes. So, for you. Just some of them. Not all of them. But some of them. It's really pissed me off. Okay. Well, we'll give it some consideration. What do you say? Oh. Five, six, seven. What do these people will fin you the most? Professional athletes? That's to me seems like I don't quite pay all of them. Just some of them. If I don't fit you must equip. So I think the answer is no. Nice try, though, pal. W.T.Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah, sir. Hey, I have a dividing line with the gig. I mean, with the other. You have a dividing line with the gig. Which ones are on the left side? Which one is the right side? Which one is the right side? Which one's the right side? Which one's the right side? I admire the gig. What gig guys? Well, it's a gig. It's a gig. How many of them? They see Charles Darwin as their savior. And I think if you talk to religious fanatics, the people that don't leave Charles Darwin think that he's theory of evolution. So I realized that evolution was a gaiting. No, I never did that. I mean, I've never noticed that the gig I always say have the little sticker on their cars as Darwin. No. No. I never stopped to ask the drivers if they were gay or not. Okay. How do you know that? Because they had the Darwin. But how do you know if the drivers are gay? I don't know because they're gay. Oh, well, stop it. Now check it out for us. Do some research. He's looking. Look at the pink hair. And listen, don't forget to check out the T-Roman JC pennies and Westland Man, here it's a real hoot. Five, six, seven, all in fact, his name and number probably written on there. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. John is a real. John O'Neill. I'm so sorry. Got him. And you want him to why? Because in the polo, Neil book, he writes about John O'Neill. And certainly in the Richard Clark book, he's got many references to John O'Neill. Who was a good friend of his? And a great, I mean, a really bright guy. And very courageous guy. Unfortunately, he was a, he was his first day on the job. First week on a job. In the World Trade Center and about a big, that was the end of him. I can't wait for the conspiratorless to start thinking about that. Lion, nine is ringing George W. Q. A. M. Hey, good morning. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Yeah. I was listening on the internet. So it's still morning here. How do you know what's Coast? Oh, and LA. I'm so sorry about that. You are America. Oh, and I did that. I hear. Well, I listen to them on the internet, too. But that ain't a lot of internet. It's boring in PRish. You know, Randy's her. She's only mainstream one on their, but the other guys were just boring. Actually, Connie, we're talking about C.K.L.W. grew up in Cleveland. Right. And I've worked in radio on an Austin. I have some old garbage. I'm going to show them. Get a 30. 30. Very good. 30. 30. 30. 30. 30. Here. Right. 33. 7. Midnight. What a signal. 10. Well, that A.M. signal would just hug the coast of Lake area and it came in city grade. It was awesome. Yeah. The big A. So I love when you do the dropout. The eastern two thirds of the country. You could hear C.K.L.W. Do a night like it was right in your backyard. Probably the other biggest one that we will see. Let's see. Go to WABC in New York. No, usually it was WLS. WLS in Chicago. There you go. I got some other genals here somewhere. And remember Barney Pippon. Sure. WCFL. Yeah. I got an awesome. So I love to drop in. The voice of labor. WCFL used to carry the white talk schemes with boring Bob Ellson. Yeah. And well, yeah. Every time it's of course to see the carried the socks. We'd be out of there when Barney Pipp came back on. We'd be right back. Right. There you go. I have a great day. Say I do, uh, Al Franken. Oh, that's right. Locked out. C.K.L.W. Get out. What happened to my WLS genals? It's around there. It is? They got to be over there. Those are real good ones. W.L.W. Oh, and look what else I found. This is what I was looking for the other day. I was looking for this. Was it yesterday? Was it looking for it? This week's until. Okay. We got the little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a compression go. Yeah. I love to hear myself the graveler. I don't know. I'm not afraid. Hey, 75 degrees. And imagine, city. Hey, we're in. Runkest in life. Hold on a second. Let me, uh, let me stop at it over. 75 degrees. And imagine, city, hills, and over. Great song. All over your radio down. Come on down with it. We're going to get down tonight. We don't dread groovy. It's the red jables. But, what the hell am I talking about? God, bring back to bird. What do you say? Just for another few months. I'll go fetch it. Pramp him up in a cheer over there. And we can just play the a cart. In fact, if I were to thought about it at the time. 1257 and 560 WQAM. You know, nobody wants to talk about cancer heart disease. Yet we owe it to ourselves and our families to be sure we're in good health. Or at least as best we can. It's a true impact the disease responds extremely well. The treatment if we catch it early. I was in a place yesterday. It's called High Hollywood Diagnostic Center. It's an amazing place. And they're proud to announce their virtual call of us could be coronary heartscoring and full body screen exams. That can detect cancer in other life threatening diseases in early stages. A doctor's referral is needed. And one of the great things when you come out of there, especially if you have a really good result is piece of mind. I think it's priceless. You know what I'm talking about? What do you talk about? Piece of mind. You're thinking about pieces of something else. Piece of mind man. Go through that thing. You just like an MRI. They stick you in that little, whatever that thing is. Where they take the X-rays. And in just a few minutes, they take a virtual trip by through your body from your throat all the way on down through. It's amazing. For all your imaging exams called Hollywood Diagnostic Center. Here's the number 954-9663600 for the test that can give you and your family that piece of mind. I'm talking about. And of course, if they do catch something, you can do it well ahead of time before it's too late. And Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they offer you state of the art imaging equipment with open MRI, high speed cat scans, nuclear medicine and much more. Do they call a high speed CT? No. Cat. Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they've been serving the community for over 20 years. Their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you. For example, if your mother, for example, broke her leg or something, they can go right out there and they can check it out. While Hollywood Diagnostic Center for imaging exam today is one of the most amazing things you'll ever see in your life. And well worth it. Believe you may call 954-9663600. Could be one of the most important calls you ever make. 9663600. We're supposed to be in 56600. You way, yeah. Davant to 2L. Hi, Vey. This is the group. And we're talking horrible on 56600. Come homey right here at 56600. H-O-O. Or 56600. Come homey. Let me talk to Steve and Miami. Steve, you're with me. Work a mighty. Well, Crow, what in the marlins have to do the win the world series this year? Well, that's an easy one, Steve. They got to swing the bat. Hit the bow. Pits the jikes. Remember, the game of baseball is fitness and hitting. Who has almost half? 56600. 56600. And 20, Bob is 877. But Crow, that's 175%. Why don't you be questioning me? What you be? Ignit? Be what? Ignit not that? You be a magnet. Well, now I'm not ignorant. But I'll play ball, Pensiono baseball. In a dare-well-cuggie against men half my son. Did you? Well, actually I'm- I played in- Are you gonna- Are you gonna- I'm gonna be a magnet. Can I do that in the middle of that? I'm gonna be a magnet. Go to me, homie. I'm the crow. How did he do? Delomenal G. It's a- 10560WM. Marlon's in the X-Fores baby, too. We're just doing a pregame of build-up here, okay? Pregame of two officially. And again, time of two, 30, and five. Which of these people offend you the most? That's our polquette. I just- I'm a little bit slow today. Because I've many other things on my mind, like it in the hell out of here. But, yeah, the guy that does the whisper. He's doing like a real voice today. Right? I just don't get it. Because that don't really pay too much attention to anything to be honest with it. As long as the money keeps on coming in. Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba. You just keep making sounds, okay? Like, yeah, that sounds good. Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba. We don't really care. Anyway, 412 of you say religious phonetics, so offend you the most. 55 and a half percent. Right wingers, 148. Lots of slopp over what it was two groups. Old Cuban 33. Old Jews have got- Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba. What is this story with it? Man, oh, man, oh, man. You only even have enough room here for the crap. That's the other thing. Oh, this is brutal. Sigoretsmokers 23, Liberals 22, Blacks 28, Haitian drivers 14, illegal aliens 9, atheist 8, homeless voices went on and somebody got 6. Moving up the ladder rapidly. Hey, Sean, they hate you. And so do I. Sean Kroni. Golf and that is five golf holes. Sports nerds 4. Right people 3. Fags 3. Madacones. Fitness nuts 2 Jamaicans 2 and computer nerds has only one. I guess the reason for that being is that everybody who's vote is doing on a computer. But that doesn't mean that you're a computer nerd. Not, right? Who can't have a computer anymore? Right, everybody in their brothers got a computer but very few of us thank goodness our computer nerds, which I find most disturbing. Or what's a computer nerd anyway? Somebody used to be sitting in the chair where you're sitting right now. Oh, they're on the floor. That was a computer nerd. I didn't have that right. No, that was just a regular ordinary nerd. Is what they're what? Talk about being offensive. WQAM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Uh, at some for your poll. What about you said hasten drivers? What about this plain old drivers? Uh, what's it offended most? I don't know if they were to offend. Uh, whatever. Old drivers. Yeah. I mean, we got old Jews, old humans. And when they're driving it's partly ambiance that they're being offensive, right? Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I don't think we really need any more things on list. I know you people like to really, I mean, poll building is boring is what I'm hearing. That's the word around town, right? Play building is boring. So we don't want to be doing that. WQAM hello. Right. Yeah, I want to put down the people that I hate the most. The people that you hate the most? I'm always a pilot to be the most. Yes. The humans? The humans? Yeah. By that. All humans. And where are you from, amigo? I'm from Colombia. Well, go back. We don't want to hear your crap. Go back and do some drugs. Go back and say how do they mini in cartel. How do you like days from Colombia? Although there are so pretty fine-looking people in Colombia. I'll tell you that. My, my, my, my. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. How about let's go to Bogota? What do you say? No. I bet you're back in the day. That was a sweet and fine place. Don't you hear? Had to be. What about the fenothweil? I love that big wood of the way. Look at a lot of oil. They got the oily bird. Yeah. They got he goes. And sees their shop is. Huh? Right. Keep it interesting. I've been to fenothweil very briefly. Right. I look at the other. Let me out here. Not a good idea. Not a good one. No, that's in Panama. 5, 6, 7. They all look like Cijero mirror. They looked like they were trying to emulate Cijero mirror. They had on these really campy, uh, 40s and early 50s, types, suits, you know, pinstripses. It almost looked like I was in runway 84. Have you ever eaten in runway 84? No. You haven't? Have not. Oh, my goodness. Man is that a great restaurant. Is it? When a restaurant they, uh, Magnifico. See, never been there. Magnifico. Multibanding. They give you just enormous amounts of food. But it's not, you know, some places they give you a lot of food is to make up for the quality. Why do I do it a spot for them? Because, uh, I don't know. A good friend Derek is always eating over there. runway 84 has got some good piezons over that place. And it really gave you too much food. But boy, is it a great place? And you'll see some interesting characters in that, uh, written around, talking about pinstripsuits and a hats, you know? You'll see some real interesting people in there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. I can't believe you've never been there. You know where it is? There are state ready for a lot of it. You've got to go there. I'm out on you right now. Okay. Right now. Bye. You love it. WQAM. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. I have two that aren't even on your plate. Oh, God. Uh, stuff's sure executives, who think that they're all powerful, because they make a lot more money. Uh-huh. And white trailer trash individuals that live off the government. Trailer trash is good. I like that. You were starting out pretty slow, but you redeemed yourself. Thanks, power. Trailer trash. Huh? That's all you have to put just trailer trash. We only do embellish it with 50,000 other descriptions like you was doing. Thanks very much, Powergood job. Trailer trash. Man, oh man, thank God we ain't got no trailer trash down here. Tell you that right now. I really forced me off. I think they're in Palm Beach County. Might find a few. Lucky and Boiton Beach, huh? Lantana. Lake Worth. Lake Worth got the old trailer trash. Yeah. I think they live in like in a double-wide. They're everywhere. Are they? Sure. I'll be there. Well, thank God for that Jerry Springer has an unlimited amount of guests to be on. WQAM Hello. QAM. Yeah. Neil. Yes sir. What's going on? You tell us, pal. Hey, you got smokers on there. How about ex smokers? I don't always tell you how you should quit. What? Do you know what I did where I went wrong? Well, first of all, I had a closed list. Okay. See, I'm not looking for more names for the list. The list is fine. There are plenty of categories out there to be offended until a cows come home. Okay. You can be so offended. The spit blood. But this is what they can do. Oh, I suppose to like have a conversation or say something. I'm curious. I'm using something. I see. Well, do you use your catch on fast? No. What's going on for 20 years? How many years did it take me? About 30 minutes. Yeah. Oh, no. I forgot the big OS still out there until two. We still got almost another hour. They're about to see the big. Oh. She killed W's to be the big eight. Marm. You see, she can't W. But we got the big curr Q. I am. Quite frankly, I'd rather have the big eight. But that's okay because he's a good guy. Horrible on the ear. He'll be there until two o'clock. What? Why do you laugh when I say that? You don't listen to the sports segments on a station? No. So I'll take a word for. In fact, he was so ecstatic when a crow came back on the ear because he said, Oh, God. At least finally, somebody made me look a little bit better. I don't count your pigeons too fast as the crow flies. Anyway, the big OS would be until two at McDonald's. 32, 47 Hollywood Boulevard stopped by the wind some of our very cheesy prizes and some tickets for upcoming Marlin' Home Games. It's rockery. It's through. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. With the big OS McDonald's right now, it'll two o'clock. I'm not reading that thing. He should know better, Miguel. You're good, buddy. Miguel. He's a real smart. He's under pressure too. I know he's under enormous amount of pressure and stress but I've had Dormine and Chase in his ass around here all day. You think he'd like an up a little bit, you know? Just a wee bit. 10 minutes after one and just a. BAAAAAAAAT! BAAAAAAAT! Oh, God, it's getting so bad. You can't say a dang thing, no, mo. What? You just can't. I mean, everything you say, oh, did I mean, did I do something wrong there? There it was, you know? Talk about keeping everybody on, like walking on egg shells, right on the edge all the time. Unless it's the sports show, it's just, you know, they just blurred it out. I noticed. You know, they just moved right along. You heard about the big demand in high pay potential for computer professionals but if you ever wondered of this career might be right for you, here's your chance to find out. Fast train is hosting a free one hour seminar on computers and networking next Wednesday evening April 21, both the Miami and Fort Lotto Hill campuses will be doing it. So that's right, they're in basic PC troubleshooting and networking absolutely free. Sitting for this free computer seminar is limited. So pick up the phone and call our good friends at fast train at 866 fast train. That's one 866 fast train all attendees to the free seminar will get a diagnostic tool free no charge. So call fast train right now at one 866 fast train to reserve your spot. And if you do decide that new high pancairs in your future fast train, we can't have you train ready for that new job with big fat paycheck that goes with it in just four short months by the end of the summer. You can be doing it. So check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com and then call and make your reservations for next Wednesday. seminar called toll free one 866 fast train. This is for 205. You way out. Don't it I told you don't bother me while I'm in here. Arthur. Hello. It's Mickey Mouse. Oh Mr. Mouse good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing sir. You're freaking killing me. No not. I got there but Kelly called me every three minutes. Why did we move the protest? Sir you told me to move the pride and tell you why do you want the mishoners to me. No sir you said move the practice to Monday. Hey hey listen but wipe on the boss. I make the decisions you take the heat. Right. You all move the practice. Okay. How are we going with it anyway? I'm going with it anyway. Hold on. We're having a beer. We're having a beer. Yeah. Shut the hell up. I'm on the phone. We're having a party. Yeah. Yes. What was your question? I'm telling you I'm going crazy over here. Between David Kelly and Michael Jackson call me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking mind. Hold on. We're going. Yeah. Here you go. Stop it. I'm going to follow my stop for the door, Raymond. Raymond. Raymond. If once this in my hand, Raymond that's your beat is both my other hand, Raymond. That's a phone ball. Right. I can't hear anything, Raymond. Stop slowing the floor. Sorry. I think sir sir the moves are working out very well. The practice is four minutes times one and more minutes times one. What? Why are we even beating the WB? Barely. Oh my god. Michael Jackson thing was a rating success. A punch. Hold on a second. Remember. Decid book. What's a hellie at two and one with a harmonica. I'm going to lose the movement. Don't play, Raymond. I'll jam that thing down your throat. Get that move right away from me. Oh, for come on, Raymond. I'm allergic. I'm allergic to my eyes. Sir, over 25 million people saw. Shut up, Eisner. Listen. You see me? What I'm doing here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? Use your imagination for crying out loud. I believe my hands up and down. Why? I'm the puppet master. I said you do it. Now, Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of the Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him more of a thing. I'm the puppet master. I'm the puppet master. Me. Idiot. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Really? Yes, yes. I'm the hellie at two and one now. Fixing the flow, though. It's nothing wrong with a floor, Raymond. What's this in my ear? That your penis was my own ear, Raymond. Oh. That's the phone. That's the phone, Raymond. Get out. Go over to work. Get out. I've heard. Yes sir. Kill me. Kill me. I'm sorry sir. Kill me. Sorry. Kill me, softly. Two men may can't play. Let's make him else things anymore. There was no funny. One 18. Anyway, the jewelry ribbon thing that I wanted to play. See, he names the different things on the one he sends. You and sends me just to keep us off by. And now, Mr. Van Gernstein. Campaign advisor for the Joe Lieberman Presidential Campaign. This Gaddao Lee S Kadash Maki Rabo. They all immodivilloree Rusei. They all nigh malthusei. Bagolou, vis-manko rived, vimalou, omenen. Oh, hey. And I just figured something out. I'm finding the kitchen out another. It's almost time to leave today. These are. Color of Clarence's forehead was the same as the colored duff's eye this morning. Think about it. I did. 5605 and I've also forgot at the beginning of the show I should have put that this is really cute a fact that was sitting in the machine this morning. Thanks Brian. The no-carb diet for 2004. No-Chini No-Ashcroft no rummisfeld no bush the CARB no-Chini ashcroft rummisfeld bush and that's a little you know rice Excellent. No, not saying it every day. Nice going Brian. I'm sorry I apologize for a waiting so long. Wait in your this story this one will set you off the edge. I already told you this but it's a sickening New York Post this morning A callous traffic agent ignored the pleas of a double parked Brooklyn driver suffering a fatal heart attack and wrote him $150 summons telling witnesses as she walked off just tell him to pay his ticket the victim's family charged last night He was having a heart attack Stokesk you just tell him to pay the King ticket okay The stunning claim came as the outrage relatives of honor free of inti a Bensonhurst Taylor Filed a $100 million loss to the against the female traffic enforcement agent her coworker and the city Were very hurt. I can't even talk him so I've said the victim's brother-law Antonio Lido wheel Honor free was wife is dying right now. She can't walk. She can't talk. She's un-tranquilizes every hour. She had a burrow some from rush The tragedy occurred just afternoon this past Saturday as a vintage 61 waited for his wife Carmelah who was shopping at the Met Supermarket on 20th ab between 70 second and 73rd streets in New York That's when the family says a traffic agent identified as L Hinkson walked up and without a word Started writing a vente at ticket for double parking He was angry about it. He started a feel sick and you'll play that he wasn't feeling well He told the agent she should call for an ambulance at a bond these hearts six on veto 32 vetoeoni the witness is said she just walked away and told them just Tom the pay is ticket What a bitch? Is that incredible or what a very credible The ticket was written at 12 or 7 p.m. and some of the finally called 9 11 and 12 16 when it was two late family members said They claimed that if the traffic agent had called for help immediately a vente might as survived which needless to say he did not that he survived. No No This was an outright disregard for human lives had family attorneys Sanford Rubenstein Rubenstein But deputy police commissioner Paul Brown said there was no evidence the agents were aware of obvious Condition and the witnesses have disputed the family's version of events A law enforcement source told the post-apulmonary proverbial someone as this had lied and made him bellow statements One of me even said the storm would yell at me The source added that event he had refused to take the ticket and suddenly attack after hints in no drove away This was a cranky old man with made your health problems the source said I think the message is if you have a bad heart Part legally oh Man if you have a bad heart Part legally don't break the law and you won't be dying over there It sounds like they're all hard to me that the police Department well he won't do that again. You won't be doing that no more even better not Crank you old man. We know if you like that. I'm listening. He's okay now We welcome to back to the QM family with open arms and legs Don't you think absolutely I don't know I just I don't care what anybody else thinks that's my take okay I feel bad for him pieces good yeah piece of Hair pie oh And I see if you oh boy not hey you know now no I said piece of pine you said piece of hair. I said hair first holy moly you better check You're doing clearance on that. I want the truth we're done you're the one canito baby Venito we're finished we're out of here but I know on your Holy cow and now if you were to start a word away with that Like that He's supposed to judge your right Right Stop in midward the alarm he snooze in man when he snooze he lose guilty and by the way Moses all is forgiven please come back He won't slap you again the rest of this week. Of course is only one day left Starting next week no glademties 56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello Hi Speaking It sounds just exactly like me Hey what's gone now I'll do it Neil just a couple of statements I like to make about the state of this country We're living it. Yes, it's pretty bad September 11th obviously in my opinion was used as a poison I guess It's to get the Patriot Act and Remove our civil liberties and the entire attack those all of these things all Appetit to the American people my fellow citizens please open your freaking eyes It's smell the coffee smell it The guy who's in charge right now has no idea what the hell he's doing He's just a steward man. He's just a stewardly for these Neil kind of lunatics He's he's a pure form of evil a President I've ever you know dealt with a man and he is the ultimate evil doer So that's pretty much all I say just open your eyes America please do not vote for this guy in 2004 Thanks, Founding vote right off in man. I'll see you there 20 30 times All right, okay, don't forget if you're gonna vote once vote about Please Are we in the end diplomat shot dead and bagged him, but I thought everything was on a controller Yeah, and Our ring the diplomat and bagged that's been shot in killed a ring and embassy official said today a day after our ran Said the US had requested a winging help to the fuse Iraqi violence The embassy said that if that was colliely nimey first deputy of the ring and the scene a rackin now He's dead They're dying over there like flies Like it's just Was drivable worth it is out there. I don't think no I even we're not even saying that anymore It is just so and the thing about the WMD is just everybody keep that in mind That's why we're that story yesterday and I want a couple of months ago just keep in mind That just maybe they're gonna be trying to plant a few things for that good old July august September or more likely October surprise Look what we just found hey it was worth it Of course by that time how many more thousand people might be dead about 30 man yeah Thousands of people are the Italian hostage that they took these crazy alchetta lunatics he's dead They got that film on Alchaser there where the show which Hopefully nobody is gonna show I can't even begin to imagine that anybody even Alchaser didn't show that part Would they show them offing him a snuff film? I don't know I'm sure it'll get around somehow even don't call the only Speaking of a Sicilian didn't show no snuff films in our titans see what I'm saying Terrible grow tisk and why is that why did he die? Why do we weep I give up because of the bush mice or all of it because of this unnecessary I'll just crap going on over there every single person unless it was gonna be from old age Everybody else over there who's died in the last year plus has died because of this insanity and because the media is going along with it And because a lot of you idiots out there. Oh, he's doing the right thing just like my good friend and colleague there right to the golf mad dog Saw El President at the LA sounded be it did pretty good job You know even Republican thought it was embarrassing They were humiliated and he graded he didn't answer one single question and he kept talking to him crap about WMDs Every time you know when a heat when see this is a man who's a stubborn obviously and So when he is on and things are going really really badly all he wants to be on me depressed made a total ass of himself on me to press a disaster So all of a sudden because you say well you never hold the press conference never says a prime time press conference to try to steal a limelight And again everybody say oh my gosh keep him back at a broom closet. Don't let him say a word Kind of like the Dan Quail factor again all over Although at least at least Dan Quail. I mean he looked a little bit goofy, but at least Dan Quail look like maybe he had an idea how to cross the street This guy's got that the deer in the headlights look all the time like hey, what me worry? You know and again we apologize to Alfred you Newman 26 oh yes, he wants to cheat back from kind of Lisa With without the gap with the trademark 27 past one at five 60 WQL. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need my friends It's the only one mortgage from financial group that benefits are incredible You pay zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee and even zero discounted points Get that new low interest rate. It's just 1.25% if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are just 334 Month if you have you a 200 thousand dollar loan your pages 60 eight a month and don't forget what you refinance a good new home mortgage from financial group You'll never ever pay closing cost again So call them today. There's no obligation. I'll be glad to spend it to end a tail call 1 86639 five land Get the low rate mortgage to deserve then moved to the next property with no further cost of expense You pay zero underwriting fee zero dot fees even zero closing costs when you moved another property How do you like that? Get the new low financing rate you've been searching for with the only one mortgage from financial group I like I just said only moments ago several times never paid those closing costs again column today one eight six six three nine five land That's one eight six six three nine five L a and d the Renekwell housing lender Restrictions apply rates subject change monthly 4.21 APR My Yeah I Get in and hold it In the beauty The whole white hair you. What do I say? And when I think you. I want a tie. You're a peck of green. No, don't know. She's a romance. Put me in a coma. And going like that. You're the one who you are to respect you. Then I know my smell attracts you. Thank you. But unlike Zack you. You've still got such a... I feel just like that you are my dear brother. And when you do it, I'm... That's why you're still not buying it. It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a toy toy toy toy. It's a toy toy toy. It's a toy toy toy. I want a joke. And what you. And a cute man. It's a toy toy. It's a toy toy. It's a toy toy. Wow. Look at this pole on CNN. Unbelievable. College undergraduates. If the election were today who would you vote for? A carry 48 percent. A boistery 8 percent. Other five and don't know 10. Carry 48. A boistery 8. College undergraduates. How do you like that? That's a good sign. A ride. Now we can just get them all registered and give them to vote. Huh? Listen, I mean, just put that pot down for a couple of minutes. Okay. And then call the kettle black. Just zip it up a little bit. You know, just rest that thing. Error it out a little. And, you know, save it for another day for tomorrow. On election day. That's right. They can handle it. 560560 on the AT&T. That's what the campaign ought to begin. Everybody in the brother register. Especially, let's see, young people, black people, Fag people, women, right? Jews. Absolutely. All the same. Hating kind and a self-hating fact. Your kind too. Log cabin Republicans. You can't vote this year. We just decided. But. In fact, I'm election day. We're going to clean you up. We're going to give you a shower. Which of these people have fin you the most we asked? Religious fanatics 459. 54.2 percent of this crowd are sick and tired of your crap. Okay. I think you want to believe the rest of us are young. We want to be left alone, like Marlene and D.T. We're a red agarber. Where were we said that? In addition, we've seen every set. See, it's kind of pointless figuring out who was it. Was it May West? I want to be alone. I think it was great agarber. But she never said it. She never said it. And Jimmy Cacken, he never said you dirty rat. Yeah. And, uh, Kary Grant never said, dude, they did. They did. Maybe, maybe he did. I don't know. They said. I don't know. He never heard it. Uh, religious fanatics 462. He was a 166. He was good actor, Kary Grant. He was also well. I want to say it. Uh, old. Old. Old. 36. Old. Old. 34. cigarettes. 26. Uh, was it, uh, Danny K. Rames with. Faye. Let's see. L'Ebell's 26. Reds. Old. 26. Blacks. Why three Haitian drivers. 15. We're not too keen on a Haitian drive in here. This kind of nicely there. Uh, what did I say? Blacks. Uh, the homeless voice 13. Illegal aliens 12. This thing with a mouse man. We got a mouse problem. Yeah. Well. Oh, you know what it is? A snagged? Yeah. Snagged. It's like a snagged. There he go. Much snagged. You old fish and line man. It's bad. My, uh, mouse was in deep trouble. The homeless voice 13. Illegal aliens 12. Atheist date. Golf Panatic 6. White people. Five. Can't stand them. Sports nerds. Five. Fags for. Bugadones. Fitness. Not three. Trailer trash three. Jamaica. It's two and computer nerds. One out of eight. Fifty. We're moving right along here. I mean, it's, you know, it's the beginning of the end for this town for another year. I just, as long as I've been here, it's just, I've never been able to figure this out. How can anybody called this like a real place? A world class city. How can you do that? When it, when it's still just a horse and buggy fly by night place. When it's soon as Easter and pace all her overmen, everybody in their brother just can't, they can't get out of here soon enough. Amen. They just can't get out soon enough. What's your point? There's something wrong here, man. There's something that don't meet the eye. Something really, uh, stinks. The pothinco doesn't meet the pink eye. Oh, by the way, he said it's a pick and up a little bit. What? He said he picked up a little bit. This is probably a Westland. Here's the fact that said, and this is a pretty good idea, and what we can do it. Let's put the look through the holes. Uncle, he was saying, glory how will you when he was looking? Uncle Neil and reference, didn't he? Don't start. He was again, getting start. Now you're with his field for conversion and trying to get a sound effect. In reference to Neil's noises, are you going to update that part of the website? I need to assume that, but all your CDs throughout the years, but it's good. More fun to have that all available on your website. Considering it's your website and not the radio stations, why can't you put out the so-called band stuff? Because we'd rather put it on CD and sell it for charity this year. Right. Right. He was in for free, of course. We can put out a double set. Right. And still, as opposed to spending hours uploading and uploading, which it took hours. And that makes it all the space to take on the website. And all the band would be required to all the band down, all that stuff that you would have to pay for. Because Eric never had to do that. How much I offered to pay for that, so he doesn't respond because he likes being like my mother a professional victim. He enjoys martyrdom. I appreciate him very much. You're the best. But he just enjoy, I keep offering. What can I do? How much is it? Let me know. You know, send him a check, a bad one, a good one, whatever. He will not take it. So back to these guys that won something for free. Yes. Oh, you hear that? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That was a Raspberry. I'm sorry. Just give you a Raspberry. And some other sort of fruit. 5.670560. Don't forget the big girl. He's almost done out there anyway. He's just a nice and nice. Nice and stuff. All in burgers. I don't care what you say. You know what is what? I will agree. I will agree with you. Be honest. Shadow of a doubt. That McDonald's his head's in shoulders above Burger King. We've done it. How many times have we done that? Not bird man. Burger King is the absolute worst thing is what did he worst. It is just when you have a piece of rubber in fact. The flat Terry that Jeff had out here before. I understand they already shifted off the Burger King. for tomorrow's lunch. Robert, well they won't serve it for any of you. And it's cooked through a conveyor belt, right? I'm never crazy about things that are cooked in a conveyor belt. Just like Pizza Hut makes their pizzas in a conveyor belt. None of that would be a problem if they actually serve it to you when it comes off of the conveyor belt. No, I disagree. I disagree. It's rubbery. Yeah. Tasteless. The oven rings are an insult. In fact, I think maybe the onion world, if there were such a thing now, to sue have a class act in the onion industry, worst excuse for an onion ring ever is a burger king. So I would agree with you. I'm going to McDonald's is far at least it's edible, right? When I'm an Amsterdam, I want to stack their late at night. And I just do nothing. I mean, the restaurant's there are just horrendous. I mean, 95% of them just below the restaurant. And so at any rate, I'll go to McDonald's, right? Get a couple of double cheese burgers. Take them back to my hotel room. Throw away the buns. Right. I'll sit right there. And you're most of us are the well-funded aerodite that you are. What does that mean? That we are sloppers. And so we drew go to drive through. Let me ask you something. What about Wendy's? Wendy's is there? Wendy's is got juicy juicy. Look what happened to poor Dave. What's his name there from Wendy's? It was like Dave Thomas. Right. There's about 10 McDonald's for every Wendy's. You can't always find one. Come on. Cracker, please, man. Who are you? I've got to Wendy's. It's closer than anything. So, I've got to go right out there by the store. We have a probably haven't dinner night. We've ponded old Ron. But Dave always available. We'll be breaking the potatoes together. And McDonald's fries are better than Wendy's. I don't eat fries. I know. But the rest of the stew. Now, how come Wendy's never had onion rings? I don't know. They got paid. And if McDonald's don't have onion rings either. No, they don't. Just one of those things. Okay. Burger King, dying. Anyway, I've not doing McDonald's. Not when I'm here. I mean, if I couldn't find it because you got a woman. I will say this. People say I'm anti-American. It's not. I'm just anti-bouch. Anti-discoverman. But the food. Now, if you want to tie in food, certainly it is the best to tie in food. But all kinds of food, the variety. There's no place like this country. Anywhere that I've ever been. Right? Seriously, make sense. Right. We've got somebody from everywhere. Food in a lot of countries in Europe. Other than Netherlands. There's good food in Germany. There's excellent fabulous Italian food in Rome. But you want a great steak? You're not going to give it an Italy. We've got the best variety. Yeah. The restaurants here are pretty damn good. 19 till 2 at 5. 16 WQM have been putting off that home improvement dream because you're terrified that you're going to have a home improvement nightmare instead. Well, here's the way to have some ready pleasant dreams. Designed concept builders is the answer that you've been searching for. Designed concept builders has been one of the top home remodelers in South Florida since 1983 for the following reasons. There are 100% customers satisfaction with their no excuses policy. They refuse to have any unhappy customers. They offer quality work fair price and design concept builders exclusive five year labor warranties so you can't be that. Like take the risk of a nightmare on that new addition to kitchen bathroom windows and the other home project. Called design concept builders. Here's their number 954. 7186766. Run the web. You'll find them at designconsetbuilders.com. Finance is available with no payments for six months with a pro credit. You can also get you a 10% discount on all your remodeling needs through the end of this month through the end of April. Only with design concept builders. So I guess I'd check them on at wicked worldwide web at designconsetbuilders.com and then give them a call for an unbeatable job every time called 954. 7186766. My life is low. This is for 256 years. You may have. I want a full investigation. The children's are children. The children's are children's are children's. The children's are children's are children's. The children's are children's. The children's are children's. The children's are children's. Like the cow wanted home in a room that. Drought the foul about a cow built a piece of fat. He didn't want you to air the machine at all the do on the things going to say crap. And I'm qualified for you to be the rest. Got to give you guys a gift from the old man. That you tell your way to air his hand. And you've got to go to the bloodshed. The clothes that I said, The way to your feet. Things so dark from the blue and sea. That day you're dead. You're dead. You're sick, winning. Like a cow wanted home in a room that. And let me find him to be found that he showed that. He has a mind of a five-year home that. Violet is good. Look at the same six so fat. He's a grand cracker built in a low net. Bench to the job that he got from his death. We got him all in this damn C C. Baby, don't bother children singing looted G. That's your home with lots of feelings. Being a home mess up the harmony with this. I don't want my baby shit, Joe Kid. I can tell by the known way to move that. He's like when a cow and he's dead. On an important one of the feminine fat man. He's the ladies from the booby with that death. I'm just easy that likes to grant that. I can tell one or go with a move that. Like a cow wanted home in a room that. I have no right. 146, 14 go too. We got Marlon's baseball. I must forgot about it. Don't let me forget. Don't forget. Well, I got to do the break a little bit earlier than usual because we got some fantastic music to take us. We ought to play that baseball thing. Get out of what's that, what's the name of that thing? The disc played by playing the radio? Play by playing the radio. Play by playing the radio. I don't have any sub-rate. I'll fight it during the next break or not. In fact, I'll fight it right now. Trying to organize that thing in there. Look at the number two column. Oh, great news. Look at that. Very good. Now, I think it's on this one. Play by playing on the radio. I guess I'm pretty sure it's on this one. No, I think it's on this one. What's on one of these, isn't it? It's on one of them. That's the first baseball game. It's a beautiful day for a ball game. It's got to be on one of these. Oh, please don't tell me correctly. There's only you and it's on one. There it is. Well, how come there's no mark next to it? Let me make a little mark at a sharpie in there. Magic mark. Next to this one. This is the only one that we play. Anyone want anybody wants to hear? Play by play. I saw it on a radio. That'd be great. It's not that you can send the Marlon game. Because it's the only way. It's the only way. It's the only way they're going to see it on the radio. That's right. You'll see it right here on QM. Just look into your speaker. Use your imagination. The day van boring is actually animated. And then if you can hang on long enough, then the boost you'll come on to do some of their game. You get all excited. And then we'll go back to David. You go back into a coma. Hopefully by the time Dave comes back on, though the Marlon's have about a 10 or 11-month lead. You won't have to worry about such crap. Right? Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. I'm so glad that I found this fact. I'm taking this with me. Because you'll never play it. No. No. Why not? Come on. That's not dial. No, it's not. Oh. Start straight off. Probably because it's the wrong cut. This is not. That sounds more like it to me. Done it? Yeah. I thought it was going to be the obvious again. I thought it was going to be the obvious again. He makes the one hand a better gift from a friend. No. Oh, fuck it. Now I'm approaching the sun. The sound of the sun. There's voice filled with street. He and the red had were up in the can of earth sea. And I'd understand who it was sure he'd say. Holy cow would have based Paul game. The sack's loaded and here come that man again. And it was play by play on the radio. Play by play on the radio. Play by play. The song on the radio. The swing of the splinter. The magic of his life. The bear who mimes made it come alive. The birdy and metal. And Bob was a prince of a guy. Out of thin air, he just somehow was here. He could smell the hot dogs and taste the beer. He felt the excitement as the crowd began to cheer. And it was play by play on the radio. Play by play on the radio. Play by play. hey my Oh, what a catch is a long long drive. Turn it up loud and pick the shoes and come in and find. Alright. And it's play by play on the radio. Play by play on radio. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play. Play by play.