Mike, I absolutely want to pew. I miss it so boring. Looks better than a live radio show every morning on TV. Well, just about anything. But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teeming up with radios original bad boy. Who now looks like a nasty old lady. Listen, Bernie, I'm a sellout intern as a copy of socks. Yes, every morning, see I miss listening to a table of other people's cowardly bits. Why, bomb the air? I did a hammer to buy the windows from my door. I just want to get back to the restaurant plate. See, his wild behind the scenes and it's. I also made them a plan that I ban you all the wallers. Cook, cook, and chew. I get me some fresh coffee or your fire. I miss he's irreverent. So, what's it deal with the poll? It's topical. So, what's it deal with? It's water gate. He's incoherent. I'll tell you why. It's a double-return. What does it matter? He's, I'm a stand-he's boring. And he's only on MSNBC. A cable channel, nobody watches. And a bunch of AM radio stations go, but he listens to. And it's somebody gets some fresh jingles. It's I'm a loser. So at 560, WQM happy Thursday too. Got some big, I'm a stand-he's. I'm not really big, but. Mediaoker, medium big. Although, here's George Tenet. Gone in the fall of 2000. Yeah. See, I direct George Tenet as honor, gone. But a beat, but a book, but a book, but a book, but a rock was a dangerous and son of a bad guy. And we still haven't found it yet. But they take in a few potshots at David K. But the most important thing he did say was, no one ever said, a rock was an imminent threat. You got that, an imminent or an eventual. And imminent threat. No one ever said, in other words, who didn't mean intelligence agency. Which, of course, is what El Presidente told us. And that was the justification for going to war. And of course, the Tony Blair was spewing the same kind of crap about a 45-minute window for an attack. And guess what? Nobody who knew ever said there were an imminent threat. But at any rate, I just mentioned that in passing. And you can do whatever you want. Before we do the I'mus and Don and Mike thing, here's the result yesterday's pull again. Oh, that one website that's a U of M thing. Yeah, I have to subscribe to get like inside of it. A U of M sports, a jackstiffing thing. Ah. And right, Tony, we had a lot of hits from there. So we have some closet people. And not listening to the show, of course, that you've been because Don is Shalily wouldn't permit that. She's, they're all busy waxing their Shalilys at U.M. But probably just checking out the, you know, right. And when you go to U.M., you do get a booby prize as well. And I'm here. And that's what the beast told me. He got two. Uh, two, a 213 votes again yesterday. That's, that's why we're going to have to take those two polls today to find out what that was going on here on our website. And of course, Eric has been doing a fantastic job these last two months. It's really been great working with them. Uh, here's the poll question today. Which of these do you think was the most obscene or outrageous? Nice job, Eric. I'm sorry I sent you all those stories for today, but it's always great to go out with a flourish. You know, which of these do you think was the most obscene or outrageous? 211 of the 11 votes to just pour in faster and I could even read them. But I'll try. George W. Bush sends thousands of US troops to war based on lies. 1926. Nobody ever said that. Iraq was an imminent threat. Oh, where did I just hear that? 1926 said that. George W. Bush steals the 2000 presidential election, which we all know of course. Absolutely. 552. Enron Rips off investors for 1,146. WQM Highers Mohour David 11, very nice impressive fourth place showing. Michael Jackson-Malesk Cancer Stryton-Kinnelles 99, Fingerpointy Rush Limbaugh turns out to be a junkie 87. Clinton-Winsky-Peniske's 6-Ghandle 85. WQM Fire Scott-Parelle 41, Dan Marino tells Wayne the stick at 31. Justin Janet Super Bowl flap after all of this stimulus after all the hysteria in the hand-ringing and the finger pointing in the pot-upologizing. After all of that, Justin Janet Super Bowl flaps only got 23.1% out of over 2,100 votes. No big deal. Robert Blake Kills-Bony Lee alleged only 6 and Martha Stewart Insider trading alleged only for out of 1,111 votes. How do you like that? Here's the first poll today. Not something you really have to eat or one of these. Which of course means we're going to eat a lot of great calls today. You'll see. Watch. WQM Hello. It's a pleasure to see you. So anyway, here's the first poll. That was U.M. That was... You're the old day there. That was Mike Rosenthall at the University of Miami. I'll let's say about the Donnie Shilet Lake. Yeah, screw you asshole. Poll number one. How long have you listened to this show on the internet? I'm sure you've been listening to it. For choices for you. I'm a regular a long time. I'm fairly new, but before Titi Gate. Only started since Titi Gate broke. And I'm not a real listener. Just monitoring. I think that one for covers all the bases. By the way, thanks for the great work, Eric. You've been a real treat. How long have you listened to this show on the internet? I'm a regular a long time. I'm fairly new, but before Titi Gate. Only started since Titi Gate broke, which would've been sunny, not I guess. There was a game on there. And I'm not a real listener. Just monitoring, which has some ominous tones. I'm monitoring you. Right. Anyway, here's the I'mus and Donnie Mycrap. Anybody know who done in my car? No, good. Lloyd Grove in the New York Daily News writes. And this is on radio and records today, so it might actually be true. It's always difficult to know for sure when radiojocked Donniamus is taking one of his patented on air 10 terms. Probably because he can't understand what he's saying. But his explosion in Vanity Fairwider, Morin orthon Friday, was apparently the genuine article. I'mus who show on WFAN AMis, Simon Pasta and MSNBC, was clearly irked at the wife of NBC News personality Tim Russell. And I'mus you're right here, a boarded opponent of you so that you could flog her much-hyped Michael Jackson's Jose on CNN's American Morning. She's blowing us off for CNN. That's volgement here, slain. I'mus erupted his unsensed profited, clearly audible on the air. You can't do that. You can do that to me again. Booking somebody who's blowing us off. I'm not saying you'll be fired, but he read it. To produce a Bernard McCorkk. This is outrageous, is what he said. Yesterday, I'mus to climb to comment on the incident. MSNBC spokeswoman had this to say about dropping the S-bomb. We regret that this went out over our air, but to sure a lot of apologizingly, isn't it? We apologize. No, we don't. Orth asked if she thinks it'll all blow over, said in the statement, I certainly hope so. I've known Donniamus since the 70s and I think he's the best. Right. The best Edman in the chair, making a lot of cash. She added in an obvious attempt to play Kate the Ornery 63 year old. He's only 63 he could pass for 90. Looks like my grandpa. Then the fair publicity director Beth, whatever that is, Cassinizyac. Plus you told me that Orth who had phoned Amus from the CNN green room was not at fault. We scheduled her to tightly, S-Z-X, adding that Orth ended Ramus in a few after mere five minutes, because the CNN staff arewithstanding their by demanding that she do so. We thought CNN wasn't going on till later, there would be plenty of time to go over on Amus. Cassinizyac pointed out that Orc was ready to go on with Amus on Thursday, right after her today show a prince, but Amus's booker said Friday would be better. She'll never be on again, I'm as vowed after what's sudden to part you're not ever. She's banned for life. Well, how many people are watching Amus? I've heard of Amus. The majority of people are going to miss Marine. Now in the wake of that, not to be outdone, of course. Don and Mike land two weeks' suspension from infinity. Affiliates will hear best of shows through February 16. How can you have a best of on the Donna Mike's show? We wonder. Don and Mike. Well, plow. Right. There's so much to choose for. Oh, I know. The only, you know, the only good thing that Don Geronimo ever said in his life was W-I-O-D. Oh, I hate that station. I was in. And then when they did that pay for, what did they call phone booth challenge? Right. They ripped off, uh, Rick and Sudge's a bit that Rick and Sudge been doing for years. Pay phone challenge. And they ripped it off and called it phone booth challenge, which is so, I mean, just, uh, pathetic. Anyway, although infinity's official stance is that the duo were suspended without pay for a violation of company policy. This suspension was needed out thanks to John Geronimo's utterance of the word bullshmit on the ear Tuesday during a tirade about infinity stable mate Don. I'm a suitable, I believe, got away with using the word during a show that morning. But while I'm as flubbed in there on MSNBC on the Tuesday morning, final cast. Infinity spokeswoman Karen Mateo tells radio and records the word was bleed for radio by I'm a station WFA in New York. Don and Mike's home station at WJFK Washington. And the duo's affiliates will have to get by with best of broadcast through February 13. That and Mike are slated to be turned to your Monday for 4 or 16. Are they on anywhere in South Florida that we know of? That that I don't know. No, I don't think so. Is I'm a son of a year on the radio anywhere in South Florida? No. I can a palm be true? I don't. Well, that could be. Not that we know him. So I just mentioned that in passing because everybody's apologizing in lot of bleeps and lot of words and everybody in America's really all upset about words. Well, this is a lot better than that though. Although it's a picture on CNN's website that looks like, uh, crap. Literally. And it's in living color to a living brown. Longview Texas, a Texas woman is struck oil or maybe it's struck her. Lila, latorno, returned from work laid Monday to find crude oil covering her homestores and spilling from the toilets, battaven sinks. Experts of, totally all kind of, burped up. Burped up. Like that. Longview City crews and representatives from BASA research which owns some wells in the area trying to help find the source of the oil. Local station KL TV reported one theory is that the house may have been built on an abandoned well that wasn't properly plugged. But wouldn't surprise me tomorrow morning if we start seeing oil popping up in that studio around 730 in a morning. Maybe most vagas and properly plugged. Absolutely. We got olive oil. It'll probably be the same color as this turlet scene anyway. But this is disgusting. Food oil covers the commode in Leyla, latorno is home as the caption. Anyway, I'll pick for that. What? Of that. It's on the CNN website. You bet your ass. I always tease people about doesn't everybody. The Texas have an oil direct in the backyard. Then when I came home and discovered, I struck oil inside the house. Later on, she entered something else. And I'll be clean up the gooey brown mess. The oily bird. Whenever you something, if you flushed your turlet and the oil started spurt now. Yeah, and Florida, if you something. I would be heaven. Well, you never know. Down in the coral reef somewhere. There might be somebody might have scooled a couple of cans of something. WD40 or something. Okay, I guess I better vote. I guess I'm a regular in a long time. I'm not a real listener. I'm just monitoring. I love that. That's one of my all time favorites. I can't stand you. Oh, look at that. There's already 18 votes on there. I'm a regular long time 15. I'm not a real listener. Just monitoring three. And this is interesting. I'm fairly new. Yeah, the other ones don't have any yet. No. So this must all be our people. It's just us. Those people who are like checking out Jan and his booby on our website. Those are from the Google. Much search. They're not listening. Which is fine. Because we, you know, it's kind of like a private club or so bug out. And then you, you've fast me this thing from the University of Florida Police Department about Willie Williams. And I can't read me three words of it. He's took the original out of here. Hey, based you in any of the man you fat tub a crap. So basically what did it say? Because I don't really care about Willie Williams or you and football. I mean, this is a job crap. They asked them if you, you know, if you go walk it up to strangers and grab it and grow up in them all the time. And he said, that's how we do things down in my hand. Right. Of course. Just being friendly. You know, if can't argue with that. When in dark, grab it and pull it out. I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't read this. I mean, we're good about it. But a picture of that. Jan, it's off the edge. Grammys, of course. We're getting into all of that. Oh. Here's another. A fact that says from Greg and Sonar. As if you noticed that, Echryd's doesn't sell wire code hangers. Ha ha ha ha ha. It's your Joan Crawford drug store. The Joan Crawford pharmacy where we absolutely ban wire code hangers because God only knows what you might do with it. Come on. It's after 10 to 5 60 W to come mad dog at 2 the hopper at the Royal Caribbean at 4 over the big year 7 to 10. Any K at 10 and join Mark overnight 2 to 5. Panther game. I caught the last few minutes. That's all you need to see. They're tied to 2. Phoenix scores 2 late goals. They're head 4 to 2. About 2 and a half minutes left. And the Panthers amazingly tied up with 2 late goals. And then went and over time on over Yoke and in school. It was a 5 or 1 very exciting game. Anybody cared? No. I just mentioned it. Pretty damn exciting. Ice going boys. Anyway, I'll tell you we're also going to have some exciting times. That's at Pompeo Park in Paparobiech. Don't forget Big Gun. I come up to the tomorrow night. Friday for boy 6. Paparobiech. Normally featured right night time harness racing action. Sommel casting and their family was poker card room if you're over the age of 100. But it's the tracks 40th anniversary night. Wouldn't surprise me if Dell manji shows up and buddy Beaumarm. All I'm guys. And even Bob Beaumarm. They'll have live music including Chris McDonald's tribute to the Elvis show. Shane Lomer entertainment triple shot band. Maybe even Eddie Koalach will be there. Giveaways. Three prize drawings. A family fun night and teacard display and lots more stuff going on. All starts at 7 o'clock tomorrow night as Paparobiech celebrates their 40th, gigantic anniversary night. Located just a half mile for both 95 and the turnpike Paparobiech is easy to get to. And of course they give you a free admission free general parking every single day. Live harness racing in the poker room are open daily Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, like today, Friday and Saturday. The poker starts at noon till midnight and live racing gets underway nightly at 705. And please don't forget every day, seven days a week starting at noon. Paparobiech is open for a sample casting. Some of the very best harness racing through a bread action highlight from all across North America. Every single day, seven days a week. But don't listen tomorrow the big 40th anniversary night at Paparobiech. For more information or their schedule call 9.54. 9.72.2000 or check them out online at pompinopark.com. 5. Local, the mistake is 5.60. 3 years old yours. Q.A.M. Oh god, Leo. On the stake of the list is television at its best. Mr. Brown, you are arrested for domestic violence. How you doing now? I'm happy. I'm comfortable, but I had to be here because I didn't know. I didn't even sign up. What are you doing here? Good morning, Benito. Can you repeat that? I'm sorry, I shouldn't say that. Guys can we see somebody talking German? We have that. One for our mom L QUESTION list what you are more personally supporting us. No one for nevertheless been dong due to our members. down it. You know what now we're just going to do this first pull this first hour because obviously this is a very limited uh... a very select group only a tiny fraction of our vast audience. Listen's on the internet right? What would sixty-eight so far? Of which fifty-seven now regular long time that this is fabulous. This is great. Look at all the new listener we got since uh... titigate broken we had that picture on our website and we've got this phenomenon response. What? Anyway, I already heard from he's the asshole that called from you and right there at the start. The little fag. Sadder a little bit like Justin Tickerbell. I'm a regular have been listening on that long time fifty-seven. I'm not a real listener. I'm just monitoring six. I'm fairly new but before it's titigate four and only started listening on the internet since titigate broke one. All right we're building our audience one in time folks. All right that's outstanding. You're like this story though before you go look at more naked pictures. Merced California. A central valley high school teachers been arrested accused of molesting students on school grounds. He's Zeus Rivera. Oh they got it whether to Rodriguez. Jesus. A drama and Spanish teacher at Golden Valley high school in Merced appeared in court two days charged with sexually assaulting four students. Reherably did not guilty. He also faces Mr. Meiner charges of suspicion of annoying or molesting children in Cincinnati back to 2002. Wait for we get to the point of this story. What? That's really a lot annoying annoying. The annoying or molesting children. Well maybe he'd like fashion a lot of know maybe it's like farting on their face. I don't know. But wait till you hear the good part. January cloth this student came into see me right after lunch and she'll grab me some concerns that he was feeling about some things that happened between him and a teacher said golden showers high school principal Ralph Swenson. All of the alleged victims were teenage boys between ages of 14 and 17 at the time of these suspected insons. According to Merced Police Department Rod Dash, who was investigating the case at least three of the alleged victim said they were molested on campus in a fourth alleged victim said a molestation for Plysev Rivera's home. Investigators said there's evidence that strange behavior took place at the drama building after hours. One of the more bizarre incidents that took place was he actually sucked on the toes of a student on campus that Merced Police Department spokesman, DASH. Should I read that sense again? Yeah. One of the more bizarre incidents that took place was he actually sucked on the toes of a student on campus. It was for class. Reverse attorney said the allegations are completely false. This might be targeted because he's an openly gay teacher. Swenson said it was sent a letter to parents that explained the situation. Well maybe openly gay teachers have a right to suck on your toes, huh? Rimes with. Anyway, I'll speak to that. He tried our stasis paid nearly $1.4 million to sex abuse victims and the meat goes on. We can say that. The Roman Catholic arts dices of Detroit is paid nearly $1.4 million in settlements and counseling costs to victims of sex abuse by clergy cardinal Adam Meida said on Thursday. Remember Meida from guiding light? No. As of Sunday, 116 victims were owned of the Detroit Arts Dices since 19th season. Since 1950 allegations of sex abuse were owned against 63 the arts dices, priest and deacons, which represent 2% of the 3027 priest and deacons who have served in the arts dices during the past 54 years. As sad and sobering as these statistics are, our response to them can be a source of renewed hope. We are committed to continuing our efforts to asses victims, create safe environments and do all we can to protect children and young people. Right. Do we believe that? No. Just keep just keep hasn't played. They'll fill it up. No problem. See, I was a little bit nervous because I thought that maybe some of the people were like breathlessly and I do mean breathlessly scouring our website for Janice Booby. I thought maybe they might read some of those news stories that we have other just by. I should, you know. But I think the good news is that we don't have to worry about that. Although we now have two, we have a pair of people now listening online who are new listeners. See, we screwed up. We should put the booby pictures at the bottom of the stories. Yeah. And you really think they would a scroll through all of that? They got too many other fish to fry. There's like about 2800 different things to click on there on that Google search about 55,000. Speaking of that, speaking of Janice Booby, which Jan asks finally is winding down a little bit, isn't it? Just a little bit. It's sagging a little. Janice Jackson's peep show is still getting plenty of play says that says Hollywood, asks his Hollywood and asks his Hollywood to learn the chat. It will not be appearing at Sunday's Grammy Awards. Well, damn. Miss Jackson finally faced the music for a super bowl flashed dance saying she was wrong for making a last minute change to her performance. I'm ready sorry if I fint, now that's the different, uh, our comment, isn't it? Because she said it wasn't all supposed to come off. Right. Now she said she's sorry for making a last minute change. I'm ready sorry if I offended anyone. She said that was truly not my invent intention. So Jackson and a broadcast statement, the wardrobe malfunction put the singer's camp an overdrive prompting her publishers to create a premeditated tape message available to media outlets. Janet Chotty, public apology just after her essence magazine cover shoot with Miragey Blige and Beyoncé. Janet was set to introduce the Luther Vandras tribute to the Grammys but CBS has retracted the invitation upwards. Don't show up bitch. In response to the Super Bowl's slip, CBS will air the Grammys with up to a five-end delay so that nothing questionable will wake it on the ear and for the first time ever ABC may implement a five-second delay when they broadcast the Academy Awards. Oh, so God forbid some and maybe Michael Moore get up there again, you know, wouldn't for another documentary? Yeah. And maybe he'll make some horrendous comment about two comment about the present that men they can bleep mouth. There you go. Do you feel better about life in America now? Some stars are weighing in on Janet's peekable performance at the premiere for Adam Sandler and Drew Burmour's 51st dates. Committee and John Loves told Assa's Hollywood song Robinson at Justin's Veebili's strip was indeed unintentional. You think it was the wardrobe malfunction, John Asjon? That's exactly what it was. That's just a fact. Adam Sandler's manager, Sandy Warnic was at the Super Bowl with the wardrobe person what it happened to explain, John. She freaked out and said, oh no, because it wasn't supposed to happen. She had that red thing underneath but it got ripped away. That's all. Right. Does anybody buy anybody believe it? No. Anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail buy? No. No. What's a crap. Adam Sandler. Oh, brother. What exactly? Everything you need to know. What's wrong with America? Just look at Adam Sandler. That tells her right there in the nutshell. Mike and Dearfield says could you tell me where I can get a copy of the weapons of Astros destruction song? No, Mike. Sure. Have a one ear what? He can go online in order of CD. Oh, that's right. It's on our best of CD. There you go. Mike, go on to your Rogers.com order the best of a meal for 2003. And there it'll be. Okay. Get with it, Mike. Also, here's one that says, and I have no idea what this story is because I didn't see it. So about his messy smelly divorce, but didn't see this story. It says on February 1st, there was a news item in the crawl on CNN statement. Neil Bush was wanting to go DNA testing for fathering an out of wedlock child while married. Did we ever have that story? I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't get to listen to you, Sean and daily bases have never anything about when I can tune in. Mom, sorry, John, because we don't know nothing about it. Or this to kind of any other sitting present, the hyperventilating, whispering and general foaming at the mouth would be relentless. Even when Jimmy Carter's brother was peeing on the side of buildings that we're talking about that big time. Right? Oh, yeah. And when Clinton's brother was acting up a little bit. Yeah. We're out of care. Right. Roger was doing all of them. Right. He's broken half. Just half read brother. Right. Says if your people have done, no, this is great. If your peeing, this is the best facts I've ever had in my life. I didn't even realize this life paragraph. This is the biggest joke. John says if your people have not investigated this, it may be a very interesting item to highlight is this is the brother of our very moral president and governor after all they are Christian compassionate conservators. You got what's ever like a case. Take KK. Okay. So let's have our people talk to his people. And then your people can discuss it with my people, is that? 1026 at 560, your people's staging QAM. Oh, it's a beautiful, simple land. Numbers are in cruel wind. How are demons going to try? He's at the late and steadily. His numbers now are twinkling. Good at P.C. has to be just fine. So corridors must be thinking what was the doctor drinking? And E.M. has a really bad eyesight. Oh, we're going to check it. I would be the star. I would be the star. Open, open, open. In those voters, open. Our theme is growing the star. And words, Clarkson, Terry, look thinner than who he married. A common distance, what the doctor means. The hopeful next first lady should think twice before this blade. For big foe, twelve ain't guns at 4cd. It's a oh, how about all, Fe bangs, are we going to watch as she's com her king does. Come on then 30, two and a five, six, would you. I'm sure the Dean Myschew says he's got a win with scounceningry is dropping out 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 5. 30. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 18. 13. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 11. 15. 13. 13. lead. 11. 18. 17. 15. For his daddy, he would not be there So now he has to care about what's on the air He bit in the stone age, put your burger on today And watch TV this morning, back's a American way Get a tower, or Michael Power, the site of Janice T Thanks a power, just the fighting is position That he got the uniform of the spoiled incompetence worm I will say this though, that we got all these gigantic number of votes on our polls We did this week so that even though the people that are producing for Janice Booby? Yeah, even though the adults know the show because they're probably busy looking at other movies You know, because they know, they don't interrupt their score score activities But at least they're taking the time to chime in on our poll at something You know, you can listen and look for boobies at the same time That is true, I never thought about that Stopping up another window Just open up the window and shout out any boobies out there 234 votes on here, and this is just a little research We're doing, I talked to my people and they said let's do some research We assembled a focus group Here's a little more on it, Howard Dean thing He told us supporters today that he must win the February 17th, Wisconsin primary Or else he'll drop out of the Democratic presidential, I don't like him anymore I gotta be very honest Yeah And I was one of the first ones to say, even though I supported him very wholeheartedly Not as much as you I liked him a lot, but then his time goes went on I started getting a little bit leery like I remember I kept saying there's something a little bit off about him That I don't like Yeah See this thing now, he says the entire race has come down of this We must win Wisconsin We'll get a boost this weekend in Washington, Michigan, and Maine But our two tests will be the Wisconsin primary That would be like Edward saying, well he did already say that He had a win in his home state South Carolina, which is where he was born And he did Anyway, Dean says when there will carry us to the base dates of March Second year of the field of two candidates, anything less will put us out of this race First of all, it's pretty presumptuous to say it's going to narrow it to two candidates In other words, Edward is just going to fall by the wayside I don't think so And also he's doing something here that really it sounds like Pat Robertsonish Or Jerry Falwell ish We're always coming on the air Faking and cleaning Oh, we must raise a million dollars by this weekend Or we're going to not be able to meet our obligations And we're going to have to shut off 25 or 10 million transmitters In his email to his constituents, Dean said the campaign had to start television advertising Wisconsin markets on Monday in order to win the race To do that, I need you help to raise 700 grand by this Sunday Please contribute $50 today You're saying like Larry low me $50 so that we can reserve the airtime How do you like that? I mean, I understand he's raised most of his money online Which is commendable, I like that But now he's saying, well, he's just a lot Yeah Dean hasn't put on the air since the New Hampshire primary And skipped advertising all seven states and all primers And keep in mind he spent a crapload of money in New Hampshire and I And he didn't do well there No, he's done He's finito But at any rate, and now I don't want to pick out our advertisers Or on anybody connected with Gulf Stream Park Because I got some friends over there But when I hear the spot, we have many spots They're running the station and make my hair stay up on in Especially on the back of my neck No, I don't want to mention anyone Same thing, but where he says medaglio or the oral That it just I just want to scream, okay? It makes me convinced beyond a shadow of a doubt that there are far too many Goiam in the world That's what Alan Finkelson always said to me And it was absolutely correct There are just too many goiam running around Even I know how to say it because I had to fake a phone call with Dave Johnson Right, and he said Medaglio Medaglio Medaglio Medaglio I mean, it's just so unacceptable The Pope is cringing He's probably sitting on the ball right now I did call Defoe You didn't call him, so you did what? I called Defoe to ask him how to pronounce it To make sure I got it right I was he at that the restaurant he's Italian He's the... Hey Neil, how about end of the poll about things That the people like about your website The pictures are more Howard, my, I mean pictures The funny pictures are... Oh yeah, yeah, no, the guys right We don't have funny pictures As opposed to making pictures Right, right, the joke pictures, political power Says did you kiss and make up with mo? No, absolutely not Oh, it was tummy We still hate him like poison Yes, that, that lasted a few hours That was all on his part trying to suck up And I realized that he's still the same piece of crappy Always despise him And it says, I think the whole audience hates that asshole He's got some disciples there He's got one, and he's got anybody that hates me He likes him He's got all the anti everybody else The people that don't like Hank So that's what he's made his career on And that's what his life is all about I was thinking about him while I was shaving this morning It's the same good thing I used to One of them, you know, whatever they're At least it was while you were shaving So let's add that on there Well, something with an essay Let's add that on our second pool area Can we do that? I don't want to overburden there Because you said some terrible things They're early this morning Let's add that on there The funny pictures Huh? We didn't leave him alone See, you are such a bastard You've made you take such a delight Because you know that pressing his button I mean anybody, even a little child Compressions button Whoa, you know Eric, you're too sensitive man We love you Kind of like from a distance So you know, but It's really been great working with it And anyway, so let's add that on there The funny pictures Which would if funny pictures and cartoons You want to see that? Sure, everybody knows what a funny picture We know what it is The funny papers, okay? He's only three years old, he reads the funny papers Little copy Yeah Too much comedy with that young girl I think that's what happened to a bill toy That's why he got blown out I think that bow tie was on there too tight Waffe at Guy's, this is shocking this one You sent to me in the middle of all these other priest stories That you just reveling I will that stop Laffe at Guy's, 15 priest molested minors over 52 years This is Laffe at Louisiana, how many people live there? About 30 man Jesus I think they're all molested 15 priest at a Laffe at Catholic Guy Jesus abused her molested 120 three children Between 1950 and 2002 The Guy's, he's Bishop, but I'm honest today The Guy's, he's had insincere us paid about 26 million Dollars and claims filed by the victims according to a study The priest's exibes funded by the church The report said 427 priest served in the Guy's In the period covered by the report So let's see, 15 out of 127 would be what? The third would have been 100 So a small percent Yeah 2% would have been what? 80? I don't know, I don't do that 1% 10% would have been 42 Right? Sure I'm usually very good on that But I'm having difficult time with this 5% would have been 21 So let's talk about 3% Just like the other one, about 3% So about, the message is about 3% of the molesting priest Get caught, is what it is? Yes 560, 505, 62, put perversion on or not We don't want to be political and perverted Do we? Yes That would be QA and hello 8, you want to talk about Camille? Speaking On Camille? Yes sir On today's show this morning ER was scheduled to show an episode tonight Where woman was going to be treated She was 83 or a woman during the treatment Her breast was going to pop out Right, we talked about the estimate Ridiculous They had a data drop it They dropped it right squared On the board? Yes Another example of the hypocrisy And it's no wonder why we're just the laughingstock of the world It's just amazing When you think we're making a little bit of progress You'd almost think that Dan Quail was the vice president We're still screaming about Murphy Brown I mean, when are we ever going to come out of the stone age? Never Unfortunately But keep up to good fight I'm out of material Thank God for cable man Thanks, Ocaneal Right, thank God for cable and digital satellite Which we actually have digital cable here Yeah We have digital cable Oh you don't Yeah, what does? There are the digital cable in south Florida I would wish on Heinrich Kimler It's on most of the time And how many channels you got? 100ish plus 2.7 That about 700 here It's not 100 Huh? Here, there's still nothing on Well, here there is See, that's the drive-in and screen I'm devraving the channel In fact, I got screen TV There's the Ray Bradbury Theatre And there's driving movies The people let the time for God Oh, I love that movie Is that it? With Troy McLeard Patrick Wayne Doug McLeard, not Troy McLeard Yeah, well that's the substance Doug McLeard, that was Chuck Conner's was the rifleman What was the show with Doug McLeard? He was some cowboy I like Doug McLeard to be honest with him No, he's a cheap Independent film channels got the darling family How are you? So anyway, I don't want to go through a whole bunch of that No, of course for those real hockey fans out there I'm blonde And here's that directo Really had a good snap shot Well, they're old, old black and white kinoscopes You ever see kinoscopes? Yeah, wow, that is unbelievable There's Johnny Bower just flopping around And the power came out to make sure that Wow Anyway, well, I'll give you some of that some audio from the At least Blackhawk came from a hundred years ago It was Bobby Hullwood's big ball spot As long as you read the weather cast And the weather cast for Paul Castanova Two, we'll get that under the next hour How you doing Paul? You lying second crack Cool I'll send you How big are you? The d-anolts are saying you Yeah That's their old fly number 21 Out for the first time on the game for the Maple Leaf Okay, thank you Bill He's still dead by the way Bill, he was I did just in case cast it over's wondering Okay, we're going to be wrapping up that first pull and get in the second one on And then we'll then we'll find out what's going on with our website Because I think we're getting, well, maybe you're not I'm getting a little bit carried away because these numbers are so staggering It's exciting It isn't exciting thing that a lot of people are hopping on our website And maybe if you, I mean we got three new listeners there that's something The porn we get from Greg redoing anything for us Hey Greg, you're a bosom man He's busy worrying about what's going on out of town He can't be worried about what's going on in town Is he still in hiding? You see him at all? He popped his head in the morning Did he pop his head in there this morning? Sure But we were talking? Well, why did you tell me I had to give him my best All of that will next time I noticed he didn't bother coming here and speaking to me Boy, he is just terrified of me And rightfully so, stay in a hell of a way from me Greg I can't stomach it Well, you've done to us to all of us It's enough to make anybody want a puke And again, because he owns a piece of the action He can do no wrong, you know He's got to be easily buffled Which would be a good place for him by the way They're doing the people in the fortmires that were like Boeing socks To a picnic Big white socks come all the way up to their knees 269 votes How long have you listened to the show on the internet I'm a regular a long time to 114 I'm not a realist or I'm just monitoring We got a third man Thank you Probably in the government I'm fairly new but before To negate Abidlistan online 22 And I've only started since to negate growth We got three All right, all right One more time All right Excellent So we'll wrap that up at 11 and put the other one on there Then we'll find out what's really going on right Right Because we don't want air attack to lose his ads on the thing Because he's making a fortune on his website Is it he? Oh yeah And we don't want him to lose any of those banner ads Those other things because he's agreed to see the problem is with a celebrity nude photos That's where the problem is So we'll have to find out from the audience how desperate they are for nudie photos Because they can go to celebrity nude photos just about anywhere right Anywhere Anyplace anybody just look after window you see a bunch of naked people running around They're both Holly Berry 1057 and look at that Tom Brady man Tom those things are saggy sweetheart My god Local gear sports w Looks eat see yuan Oh Yeah Oh that I was going down But he was no one that thought he'd come. So sad. But then I was white. And I decided to listen to God. But I was sad. He couldn't afford to say no. Not sure in the day. Not sure in the day. Not sure in the day. Oh, it's been like this. He... I really hurt now. I was bleeding all over the child. He... the body shopping down was gotten beaten up by the law. I can't tell you. Oh, yeah. What's going on? Just the same thing they have known all. I can't go back to the law. The same thing they said. But why are we so strong in the day? I'm trying to make a change in the day. I'm trying to make a change in the day. Oh, no. I'm not going to do anything to my mother. It's 11 o'clock in the morning. It's 6pm. I'm looking for the theme for the virgin, which I can't find on here. You got the denny must see me. I got him all right here. I got him in my hand. I don't see no virgin. I can't even remember it. But I'm looking on the website here. Westerns of the 60s of Virginians by Paul Arnold Green. Percy face distinctive theme. The original theme of the debut of TV's 90-minute Western series in 1962. There's a picture done with the chlor. He was a trappist. Trappist what? I'm just checking this out. There was a little bit of a story. I'm looking at the DNA story for those people who are. Is the poor wild. Continuing to say thank you very much. We got the DNA story. I need a voice. Thank you very much. I'm just going back. Another scumbag, both sure to be redundant. 560, here's the load down. I thought I printed it out and never came off. Oh geez. Eric just took it on to there already. You got it? I got it. What are you talking about? About the first pull. No I don't got it. Try to print it out and it wouldn't come out. You'll put it at 84 votes. There were four new listeners that did a gig. And the rest of it of course doesn't mean all that much. Okay. There's the new one. What I like most about NeoWrg's calm is. And obviously the answer of the naked pictures right? I mean the pull. I mean those important news stories right? Alright. So thanks for the Virginia. That was not a bad show. Of course you didn't like questions. It's like how to show. I like bananas. Yeah. But that wasn't like a Western really. I mean kind of. Sure what. It was like a family soap opera that was set in the west. Like Apple's way. Huh? Never saw that. Sure you did with Ronnie. What's his name? Mill sap. No Ronnie the skinny called geeky guy. Ronnie Cox. Ronnie Cox. That's it. I forgot about that. Uh, universe apples. No. Uh. I'm not scoring here. I just can't find the thing for the Virginia. Which according to that was a that was the whole deal was the theme song. Kind of like Barnacles Jones. The show suck. But the theme song was great. Can't I find it. I bet you're not somebody who'll find it for me. Here's Cheyenne and cold 45 in the Laman and Gunspoke. And the legend of why it or maybe it's on this other one here. It keeps real good smoke. But who didn't it was on for 500 years. Yeah. William Conrad. Matt Hill on the radio. William Conrad. I don't care what you say was great even though you you have that prejudice against fat cops. No, just cops shows. Who won real fast. And never seen. 5 6 7 0 5 7. We didn't sign track with this and I have no idea why because the Virginia it was just a dog McCourt thing. You're one started that. My God. WQM. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing today? I'm doing okay. How you be doing? Pretty good. Pretty good. You know you're a big inspiration to me. Yeah. By listening to you and listening to your political views on a lot of the issues that our government is having right now. I am going to start going to certain council meetings and stuff like that and try to educate myself a little more on the situation. And maybe try to become some type of low level public official to try to change things for the better. Some kind of low down public official. Well you got to start somewhere. Right. You know it can't go run for president no one knows me but if I start at the bottom and work my way up. Maybe there could be some changes means. Okay. Like George is like the about. What they should do to murderers and rape this and stuff you know having had them work to pay back the family. I think that's one thing that definitely should be. Work. Nobody's nobody's been talking about anything like that. Now we have people talking about reparations but of course you know that those are people who really have no business talking about reparations. True. Yeah. I just say you're right. Yeah. You're very right. Just a hand out. There's a lot of good ideas out there that all of these older people in the government better in their 80s and 90s just don't want to listen to and they want to have it set in the old ways. The world is changing so fast and those people are not changing with the world. Well good luck to man. I appreciate your whatever it is. Yeah. No. Okay. Thanks. Don't you appreciate his whatever it is. I sure do. See I don't want to sound like him because I can't do five things or once. Two or three things I can't you go and suck my toe I can do that. Yeah. But I can't and I saw a puzzle just that call because he really wants to do something. You know. What about somebody's got to do so. Let's make a change. I'm too lazy. And the CD is like not the it's not true enough to what I wanted to. Oh, Jesus don't don't tell me this is a bomb CD that would be bad. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and the rise of wireless line. If this doesn't queue up I'm going to like jump out the window. We're going to have a fit. It doesn't look to me like it's going to queue up at all. Huh? It's not good. Well how can that be? Oh. She did. She's slow. Sounds like the Hibbin's heroes in her. No, it's just low because most of the stuff on here is really old. The CD is like me old. Oh man. It's just ancient. You can try to read it all. This is the world of command or McBride. Your hair will curl in the world of McBride. Well how about super chicken remember that? Sure I do. When you find yourself in danger when you're threatened by a stranger when it looks like you will take a link. There was someone waiting who will hurry up and rescue you. Just more. Super chicken. Great. If you don't afraid you'll have to overlook it. Please I do new videos. I'll just use the new tool. Man. People drink a super sauce and throw the bag out for a loss. And people bring the funeral live and kick it. There was one thing you should learn. There was no one else to turn to. Super chicken. Oh. Super chicken. Super chicken. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Oh I liked that last part. That was a beautiful thing. Can I back that up just to sing? Back that up. You. There. If you don't afraid you'll have to overlook it. Besides you knew the job was things you should do for a man. People drink a super sauce and throw the bag out for a loss. And people bring the funeral live and kick it. There was one thing you should learn. There was no one else to turn to. Oh. Super chicken. Oh. Super chicken. Oh. Oh. Thank you. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, my favorite. Do you're going to give me very emotional now? I don't want to play all this stuff all day here today. This is not what's not on my agenda. Yeah. What do you think of this side track? Huh? You got me side track. And now this thing won't queue up past a certain cut. I'm getting one because I want to play. I'm going to do anything. That CD probably looks like a road. It does. Looks like a road map. In fact, looks like they've been released. The road map analysis error on there. So I'm just going to put it away. WQM. Hello. QA. I'm talking to you. I have a line one man. Every asshole in America is on line one. It took her to QA. Hello. Yes sir. I'm doing. All right. Listen. I emailed George last night. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. that's settled stuff. Let's see what we got by like most about neorodges.com is let's new the shawan line 20. Both pictures and stories 50 50 16 the news stories 7 the polls 6 the naked pictures 5 8% like the naked pictures best. I hated its evil 3. That's what I'm going to say. I know I just started right too. The funny picture is one and the archives only one out of 60 won't wow. Holy macco we get done with this pool we may have to be a value at our whole uh we may have to get the is stat together. The stat talk to our people. Because this may really I'm serious I think this was good idea it is a good idea not as good idea of playing the all the stuff tomorrow. Come on and see see see see see see see see see no. When I you're not old enough to enjoy this but I should see see see don't worry about that point about two little friend and all the way before your time. Frank Allison. Here we are back with you again yes my girl and yes my darling who put grand. And they're all all in here we are again. Oh here we are again. I've actually said likes that sudson and uh and uh Boko Brian. Boko Brian and me and that's it. Oh come on you know about a couple of friends now. I've heard you all these are talking about it now. And what about the suppy sales show. You want to think about suppy sales being funny he doesn't have to say anything. Right I have to do is look at that face. Pretty funny and you just laugh he's got the big snows he just always has that silly issue. You're on this push and you just look at the suppy sales you laugh. Speaking of plots my line. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and for why it's a marvelous line. Mad dog at two the hopper at the rock here being at four. And what does that mean it rock here being? I have no idea. Is he like on the cruise ship? Is he like into Bahamas? I mean what does that mean? I know he's punching his guts out and probably eating like crazy too. I don't know mix up it up. Do we know what that means Josh at the rock rubbing his e-alk on a cruise ship as he in the Bahamas that a casino is he? I'll find out for you. No that's okay don't put yourself out. In fact maybe our people will have a people there go find him. Right the big seven to ten tonight and K at the ten and two on mark overnight two to five and more. Kind of a pristine schedule. No ball games. In fact we got to have a long break there for hockey because we got the all star we can come up. Big come back win last night at Phoenix 540 for the Panthers anybody cared. I'm believable last a few minutes of that game phenomenal. I know even George has whipped up about it. WQA M hello. He's on a golf tournament to these at or a tennis tournament. He's what? What do you call the hangers at the a row crib being classic? That's the golf tournament. Oh the golf tournament I thought was a rock Caribbean. I thought he was not seeing nobody tells us anything. I was supposed to know that. Hey man. Hey Neil that was fantastic here in super chicken. I have not heard that it about 30 years. Oh wait till you're some of the something. How many years? I'm good man. You're on the ball today. I think you've done a mic uh stuff. I occasionally see things from radio and registering stuff like that. So keep it up because our star stand our people have been doing two good of a job so please keep it up. Yeah hey anything to do to help out the organ is organized. The organization thanks Polly. Have a great day. See we got some good people out there not everybody's an asshole. Huh? Those are our people. Yeah that's our people as you folks in the audience. You send us the faxes. I mean sometimes get a little too carried away but that's all right. Unless they're like 20 30 pages then we get a little bit porkey. George gets all bent out of shape. Now it's for me out of really care because I have a whole new case of fax paper that was delivered just yesterday morning. You think they have to do? Yeah I got all kinds of fax paper and all kinds of supplies here. School supplies. That kind of stuff. Oh school supplies. That's where Robbie Benson said in one on one. Remember that school supplies. You know Robbie the fact that you're 52 and you're still talking like that. Now people aren't kind of charcoal and edge. What I like the most about Neo Rogers.com is that's our website by the way. Listening to the show I'm lying 35. For new people man thanks to Janet's city. All right thanks Janet. You go girl. She ain't got to be out of Grammys and you know what they don't deserve her. Screw that. Right on. Who wants to see a bunch of lame ass bastards who couldn't sing they're out of a paper sack anyway right? Yeah well I'm wrap crap. I'll add garbage. Well watch the show she goes on. I mean in fact I just didn't think her well was going to perform on there and I mean we got his comments later too. He's oh he's so upset and his family is embarrassed. Yeah screw you just and you little pansy. Listening to the show I'm lying 35 both pictures and stories 50. Twenty two the poll's 13 the naked pictures 12. The news stories 11. The archive's five. I hated its evil for the funny pictures three and the silly noises. Two out of one oh seven. 11 14 a QM let me tell you if you're on the Ankins diet or if you're on the sugar busters or the south beach diet which is such a flagrant rip off of Ankins but any of the low-carb or sugar free diets there's a store that I want to try out one time when you walk in the door you'll be amazed because when you're in your supermarket that I do love publishes you know but any supermarket even the best ones have only got a very limited number of these things that are low-carb sugar free but delights that's all they got over a thousand low-carb product speed to choose from which gives you great variety great taste even stand your low-carb diet and lose that disgusting fat they got breads and bagels cookies and crackers chips and brownies chocolate ice cream pasta great sauces throughout of this world catch him cheesecake's and lots more they offer the widest selection anywhere in the universe and they're open every day seven days week from ten and a until ten p.m. one of the nice things that delights is that you don't have to buy something to take home in the side you don't like it because you can try anything in the store before you buy it their net their staff knows dieting inside an out-of-fact there a couple of chubby people walking around there and they create a most complete line of Atkins brands products anywhere in the world that are on sale today next Easter Sunday all day every day the low-carb diet is rated number one so at for the number one low-carb sugar free store in the world the lights of ice bokeh on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to it a boston market remember them boston market sure do vaguely or column toll free at one eight seven seven low-carb elbow wcrb or on the web it's low-carb dot com there's only one delights of west bokeh it be your official atkins retail center it is the far-ullah chilly the whaire b propre alleys oil tell faire he won machine change there on bars people pirate 11-19 at 5.60 W.A.M. Go to hell. Well, the reason I played that is because Gros has Helen's school and gets suspended. No. Yes. Pittsburgh. Not even in a Perocule school in a public school. A second grader was suspended for a day for telling a classmate he would go to hell for saying I swear to God. Brandy McKineth, seven was suspended for swearing for saying the word hell, but her family says she was referring to the biblical location of fire and brimstone. She served the suspension to the of this week. The Pittsburgh Public School student code of conduct prohibits profanity but doesn't provide a definition. Schrokes will in Pat Crawford said the school wouldn't come in further. Brandy's father Wayne McKineth said when he learned about the suspension, he thought perhaps his daughter would set something worse so we called the teacher for details. The second grade would be like what about seven years old. He was told another student over her and his daughter say the word. I said hell. She got suspended for that McKineth said. He said he asked the school to evaluate it's profanity. See, this is what's going on in America, boys and girls. This is a few can pathetic is what it is. God damn. Oh, I'm going to hell for that. Oh, I said hell again. Jesus. Oh, see there. You can't say anything. Jesus Christ. Oh, crown out loud. That's a loot. Jesus. See, I can't stop. No, you can't. Hell is leaked like the least of the words in school today McKineth said you go home and turn on the TV tonight. Tell me how many times you hear the word hell and I mean network TV not even table. Who the hell cares, right? To hell with those assholes in the Pittsburgh Public Schools. Without a clear definition, the district could read it in a problem's and forcing the policy said, why told wall check? Some Polish guy, legal director of the Greater Pittsburgh chapter the ACLU. The school's policy says no profanity and that's not for the defined wall checks is how should this little girl know that hell is not allowed? I think they ought to give the kids a list of the words they can't say. That's right, so they can rehearse them. That's right. It's questionable whether hell is even a profanity and certainly is the way that she used it. He added, McKineth is suburban Pittsburgh Police Detective said family members aren't religious fanatics, but there's a healthy respect for the Lord. So he accepts their daughter's explanation. There's none of the assumption that good people go to heaven and bad people go to hell. They said I won yesterday. Well, see that girl, that's part of the problem. Rainwashing your kids with all these lies in theory tells it's even worse than the prison almost. How can it be profanity? It's a biblical word. It does refer to a location that's a word. There's no way to get involved in the evil thing. I just can't see it. You can also hear. Okay. There's nothing. Don't let her in. Okay. Maybe she was talking about hell Michigan. We do know there is such a place, maybe that's what she was talking about. There's hell now, Montana. Maybe she figured that's a good place for you. Hell, Michigan. Go to hell. Oh, brother. It just has reached the point like I said yesterday I really mean this. I believe this with every bone in my thing that every bone in my nose that we need to separate we need to go back to a pre-sival wardays we need to have a total separation of the north of the south not I'm not talking about bringing slavery back all we already have that that's why bush like so's illegal aliens But we need to have the north of the south and ever the twain shall meet and then like south Florida can like I don't know just to see for the rest of the fort kind of like do whatever they want be independent because like cubanorth what already is you know what I'm talking about right here I can't deal with this with this whole religious the world is laughing at us and the janit booby thing was a typical example man that was the epitome of what's wrong with America right there all the hand ringing in the teeth Nashing in the oh my god, this was disgusting and all the goodly two shoes bullcraft speaking of bullcraft including the seaports yeah see even he is pissed off and fired up about one line what is this it's a team from generals hospital this a brilliant heck got it done they're loaded as ship to America we tested the reach out and let Sure America to give us their own things grind but Okay, I thought it was coming to a crescendo there, but it just decided to keep on going. Oh, this one, this one, this guy, I think, oh, and what a shame. What a shame, Brian, because he made these discs for me to get some like cut number 28. And then after that, all these other good ones on here, you can't, they just didn't take. You know what I mean? You can't queue him up. Well, dang. Danny Thomas, got it, got it. What is it? Danny Thomas, make room for Debbie. Danny Thomas was, what was he's Lebanese, Syrian, something like that? Danny, oh, yeah, right. I think Lebanese poll anchors also want those people. I didn't say that. Are you picking on Paul Ankees, Canadian, eh? Don't be picking on us, Canadians. They don't forget our, how couples contest, how those entries coming in. They're trickling us to get in what we're getting. Did you check lately? Today? Yeah, I said you want today. Oh, I didn't see any today, is it good? It's good, but not for real. Oh, I see. Now come on, we want some real ones, because we got some good prizes to give away. Here you got the until February 13, which is a week from tomorrow, to submit your entries to contesteddeorodgers.com. And then we'll vote to following week these 16 to the end of that week, and whoever whichever couple gets the most votes wins, their choice of one of these two trips trip for two to hedonism in Jamaica or trip for two to roll or ice is casino into Bahamas. And one of these days, Miguel will tell us which one of those includes airfare, whatever else that includes. And the runner-up couple, the second place couple gets whichever one of those trips is left over. And the third place prize, dinner for two to the pizza lot, and you can go in there and watch the rumors eat for free. It'll be great. All contest rules on our website and therogyrs.com. What? Just go in there. Any time, let me get into the window, go in there and see what I'm receiving for free. Especially now that we have the All Star Break. You can put them in a glass booth with one of those feeders in the front, and people could stick possible through there. Yeah, that's out of that idea. What I like most about me, Oragis.com, is listen to the show online 51, both pictures and stories, pretty pity 34. Oh, the naked pictures 20, that's moving up. They're starting to get honest now. The polls 19, the news stories 19, the archive six, the silly noises five, the funny pictures five, and I hated it's evil five out of 160 six. I got a pretty good idea. Since we have that little issue with celebrity nodes, we don't need celebrity nodes. Okay, just nude people. I think it's the same issue. It's the same issue. We had naked people. How about in our hot couples concert? That's not to say that it's necessarily allowed. We're just kind of, you know, sliding. What are you talking about? Son ofers, we can't have any. I would have the in our website. We've got this. We've got this pristine squeaky clean website on this perverted show. You got to be Schmidt, me man. You better get that Eric straight now. I think we'll have to talk to our people about it. Yeah, we better get with our people on this issue. Let's have a committee meeting right after the show. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a committee meeting. We have a Harrissoon<|bo|>. Nailuk Harwin. There are two children working at the hospital, méd découvre. Help me please help Master. You have a friend who is with him The worker. My brother and I are more of his. Boko. Linda Ừ Le Capri is a company at the hospital temperature salve. I'm hoping for you As long as grass is on the plate You feel it by can see it And I can do it If I just believe it And there's a choreo I'm a big pedophile Yes I believe I can touch your mind You can see it on video tape Don't care more than try to reach I can't forever come home You see me running through that open door I'm a big pedophile I'm a big pedophile I'm a big pedophile 113 Joins surprised me if they replaced And it's actually with our cellion They've rammed this weekend, no to think Oh, geez He's probably got a one-oh-hole bunch Punch a what? Crap, coconuts? Little kids, little girls Let's see, Johnny says is there Any way to set up the archives you can fast forward By sliding your little thingy To the parts of the show we might have missed I don't want to miss him and it please Is Johnny can we do that? We've answered his question before Because he's asked that question before And what's the answer? He waits for the archive to completely load He can slide it forward Backward sideways up down and into the end to dimension Right, he can listen to what I've very want Just ask the one Anything else? If you just hold your horses Johnny Just sit tight, put your hand very hand deep in your crotch And like kind of like, you know sit Squirm back and forth in the chair And then just a wait Squirm with the old worm And then when it's done you'll know And when you're done you'll know too Here's another one from Joe who signs his name and this is from Eric I thought so Yeah, this is this is from Eric Says I love everything about the ararajas.com So that's my vote, but it isn't an option Who needs a webstaff when you've got Eric twice the productivity almost have to size Yeah, see only one He used to be But now he's only one And it's signed in teeny tiny letters Joe as in Joe Malah on the bottom Thanks Eric Appreciate the vote of confidence. It's been great working with you Let's see Rick says thanks for the jogged on memory lane with cartoon themes But that's not a cartoon thing. That's my little Margie. I have a lot more cartoon themes though. My little Margie With the gale storm. Never heard She's dead I He's a bung hole. I can't believe that voice even back then they said things like that Even back in the 50s and in early 50s Andy defined on a bus to Brown. She sure used to say punk your magic twinger frog If anybody said on the ear right now punk your magic twinger that would be the end man If Michael Paul be in there in a heartbeat shut everybody down Probably probably come to your house and confiscate your radio TV and pop up toaster if anybody said punk your magic twinger Anyway, he says I'm in my 30s can vividly remember cool clarinet all I how do you like that? That is great That was fun see the show's back in those days. They were all live and they were fun Yeah, even how do you do do he was fun? Especially when one of the little kids in the audience had a go pee or something like that Every Saturday morning right after the skipper Chuck show it was cool clarinet all I if George can remember arc one the science fiction series about a futuristic RV and desolate earth Yeah, I remember cool clarinet all I was she doesn't maybe if I saw it Says great George peace of it happiness is Rick. Thank you Rick you're in my book for Chuck show Now bitch you know a bitch in the list show Robert young Father who's that friend That was Joe Jackson said a chance father's no fan of that your breath You Was the sun's name on a charting it pun was his name pun or pun but fun, but pun same similar I thought that was on a Flip it That was a different part but I don't know what about the whole of I'm not worried about button flip or more we've seen me one of the food palpins doing okay I don't look boy he must be really out there by not being an action Let's see what is this all that's my little margin and here's one you'll know guaranteed even you We'll see Well Okay, let me give you a hint all right Deep off Deep off baby Rick Nelson. Oh, I was in hurry. Oh You know this Aussie he didn't have a job he just used to leave you kind of wander around the neighborhood No, I never saw that except for a father and it was best right. Oh, no, I don't even know what he did I was thinking he was a doctor, but that was the other Robert young show Nobody ever I did anything No except William Bendix used to go to the shandah and of course turtle O'Connor 5 6 7 how did we get sidetracked on this is all because of Doug McClure divergent in right Okay, now we come this was he's probably just as well because I got a lot of ready pressing things are like the defendant Hammer act theater debt says he was just protecting his wife this way sent boy his testimony Shivalrous instinct and failing eyesight prompted Seymour Shuss to slug a 74 year old man outside of this gone movie theater He testified yesterday his man slaughtered trial and fort laudered him I still say take away his sweet and low-annis bag and then fry him and his wife strivers license Nothing nothing like this has ever happened to me the Tamarach van father says he's legally blind Testified in a choke force his face redding. I never have hit anybody Defense attorney Jane wine crowd then softly asked him his age. I'll be 70 this year he said before his head slum thing began Oh, hey if convicted in the death of Irving Rosenberg Shots faces up to 15 years in prison Rosenberg fell hard on his head after the punch to his chin November 8, 2002 he died 16 days later Shots who turned out a pretty level to result in just a year in jail. My tins his actions were unintentional But justify Bestified my ass. I say fry enough. What have been sunny Rosenberg. That's a different story. Congratulations Medal of Honor Come on Brian what is this Even I wouldn't remember this armist Brooks with E. Martin and Gil Gordon maybe you know Hazel Just the opening like that Now Hazel the guy speaking about the interior. Don Defoe was that his name? Defoe I think he was like kind of defoe Down to foe he was the neighbor an azine here. Don't you remember that no, how did you actually ever see azine here? No, you didn't miss a damn thing all Rick and David used to do a sit around and drink milk all day and that's all Funny till noon speaking of a silly people instead of moving toward democracy right He said we're moving toward democracy, but we don't want to have it all at once because it's a little bit too much Was he talking about us or I rack? He's talking about a mirror QAM The zijn I The ball is shaking, I turn out to bear that bear that like doorbells that all that bear that all that Yes, fall simply dead, it's some more out on the table, but we're working on that too So stay tuned and today we'll be dancing! Seventeen to learn I have some bad news for your folks, and I just don't want to be another Jack Par die, the greatest entertainers The best of the best are they're all dead? Yeah, and I just don't, I mean it's a little depressing, but then again we've always got all the Nickelodeon and all the oldy but goody TV shit channel Seventeen, oh really? Oh my god, I'm running waterbren and Dick Cram, made it by Irvington Watch you, you know, the ladies, oh, you went away, I don't want to burn to be late, I think I'm gonna cry Ram, I'm even in the hood of the morning, I'm even in the hood of the morning, I'm even in the hood of the morning Watch you to me, but... Oh, Walter Brennan, he's dead too, just in case you're worried about him What is it? Now you're getting into my time zone, what these are tough stuff Yeah, that sounds like you're kind of show It's especially good, I know Now let's see, what am I looking for the virginian? I'm not on finding all some discs that I have, oh that got the virginian, oh man, this is exciting I realize most of the people in the audience are thinking, what's going on with you man? What is with the, I don't know, do you believe that? Should I do? Why? This is not even what does, huh? Because it says, Boca Bride didn't burn that disc, no, this is like a real one Yeah, but from when 1978, from before it's just on a bottom here from before Jesus was a baby Best TV show in history, in fact it was the South Park of its time Indeed I'll see, here's a fact from Todd and Key Largeros, as even though I'm a Republican, I love the Democratic slogan on your website, less Bush is a great thing PS saw this bumper sticker, I found Jesus, he was in my trunk when I got back from Teoana Are you going to burn in hell for saying that, Todd? Okay, I say hell Hey, what is this with these, now maybe it's my CD players, just think I don't think so It could be, but I think those CDs are just ancient and scratched up and there's a hold up in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Svultain, no, in white There's a traffic jam in Harlem, that's backed up to Jackson Heights There's a sculpture, a child, a sister, and I'll buy it Cars 54 where are you? Oh, yeah, one of my unfavoured assures of all time Nice, I'll let you work out with sign, let me just try it again, but I'm right It's going to work See if you wouldn't eat chicken wings during the show Ah, no, see, this is my bad olman for me because it's cut number 40 at the This disc, and it gets like 47 is about where it's present Ah, no, well, we got a whole bunch more, we got hundreds of hundreds In fact, we're going to stay until midnight, just playing old TV themes, so we're reminiscing about the good old days, all those old forts Even even young whippers, knackers, they see oldly shows, even people like, you know, 5, 6, 7 Right, in between snapping whippers Let's see, I think I got somewhere on here, I got a whole bunch of those channels Speaking of my digital TV, oh, I got the diva channel Diva? Oh, days you have view, here you go Forgot the exchange The rockford file The deal Exchange, take place in Angel Martin's funeral Let's do a clock to set in the house of our father, Chapel Oh, yeah, we got old shows up the ass here, I'll say that 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, do you can I say that? I'm like I said, we got old shows and abundance of them What I like most about the arrogues.com, that's a very non-controversial poll question today But we're still getting a fabulous response, if means you're looking at the Janet's boobie again You got to figure that with a 6 billion people on the face of the earth That all of them will have seen it once on our website Because we certainly by far and away, have got the best graphics And we got just in reach and over in Yankee and Baby off I hate him Not as much as I do All right, not even close Bye bye bye The spies Bye bye bye Like the shoot him in the ankle Bye bye bye It lost us then you little twerpy fag He is, I don't care what anybody said The idea that he did that pretty day thing with him is so laughable man Don't feed the public any crap that they can pedal, you know Oh really? Oh, I didn't know that Oh, yeah, you're right Brittany wouldn't she wouldn't touch the best part of him if she could find it Would have got them search party and our people I'd be like that I'm just out of the mood What is that? Three stages Oh, that sounds like the three studios to me I thought it was more like Oh, Walter Lance's dead too, my clients are still alive But Walter Lance's dead, that bad news Oh, yeah, it's gonna have five six seven five sixty pound five sixty oh and I haven't been reading any of the stories about it But you see who's in real deep crappies days Would it? Oh, I see that Oh, yeah, they're getting rid of food his ass out Oh, I see her Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line, QA and hello That was beautiful wasn't that was the ghost line that was an emotional moment for all of us WDQA and HELO Yeah, sir. Hey, you don't money pretty good, paly Did you bring up the show or quenquan Arc one was on that facts Oh, from like I was like a hundred years ago It was on one of the facts I was a two-pants I'm reading Okay, okay, I got you because I was oh yeah, that was the other day right I was trying to think of that show You're the night going over with a bunch of my old buddies about old B.D. Oh, you got him probably smoking some really good crap too Yes It really was especially after you smoked Okay, now get back to business Oh, so speaking of a check bearer's in the bombshell Double C double C double L-mark Cool Dangerous business Yeah Here's a fact from Franken for a lot of day Good thing all his old parts are getting together now All you other people bug off Say, remember when pluck your magic came from? What did I just get there saying before? I said Andy defined on the bus to Brown Show And I said remember I came from the bus to Brown Show Wow Hi, I'm bus to Brown. I live in a shoe. Here's my dog tie and he lives in there too Post Andy divine Pre-Wild Bill Hicoc Franken for a Frank. Thanks so much But I just got through saying all of them things But thanks for minding me about Wild Bill Hicoc Who starred His name was Madison Guy Madison All right man, he was one good looking guy Not as good looking as guy gross, but he was pretty damn good Guy Madison long before your time Let's see, Danny Thomas was born in dear field Michigan Do Lebanese immigrants, god damn you into hell He's sited anonymous, principal, and Pittsburgh Well back at you That's cute 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Let's take a little pause before they blow up the whole world Okay, let's pause and you know start The car in a little bit Look at it naked pictures and playing a bunch of old stuff It let's start living in the past because the person quite crackly and all I've Great for a lot of people Which is why Bush is going to get his ass whipped in November You'll see you will see And if it doesn't turn out to be Don't turn out to be carry and it words it's going to be carry and give heart To get all immune people in there Right, okay, I'm just saying that's what I'm that's that my people I talked to my people and my people said 285 votes But I like most about your website Theorodges.com is Well, let's start at the bottom I hated its evil 6, the funny picture 6 The archives only 6 Ah The assaulting noises 10 The news stories 33 The naked picture is 36 The polls 39 Both pictures and the stories 50, 60, 60, 60 Now see that's a little more off the thing And listen to the show online 83 Of course that's going to stop at about 300 Because we already found out in the first hour we got about 285 Some like that, at least the ones who can vote See I understand how that works I mean I realize the AOL problem But if we had like 10,000 people listening online Only a very small number can vote is that correct Why? Because of the cookie thing in other words To keep people from voting multiple times Yeah They get a cookie To get a cookie They split it all technically But basically we record the URL that it came from And since AOL funnels people through like one channel That registers as one vote Here I come to pay the day That means that mighty mouth is on the way Yes, the way the land is Are wrong to write me Mighty mouth will join the fight And if you didn't like mighty mouth how about this mouth Great discat in minute mouth Great discat in minute mouth Oh, sorry We're going to hold tape enough Not to be confused with minute name What's the process of a party with mice? I don't know, mice just make kind of cutesy cartoon characters Well, and it means you got rabbit rabbits Yeah, how many different cats? How many rabbits? I could tell you against niggas Daddy was a niggas Oh, Jesus, why do you keep dropping that thing in there? I don't have anything to do with that. That was all George It was Josh You're a Josh, didn't it? I think Greg read it myself I didn't play that and I don't even know I don't think I even have that And I don't tell me where it is if I do please What? Whatever I just heard don't tell me where it is Josh God, almighty Next he's going to be playing song of the Southropans Ooh, I got that on me Oh, this chronic you just sent me why do you send me this fax? I don't, you know, okay Just I can't handle it anymore, okay This is the one that was like analyzing the show And the ratings are done because of this And you should be doing that You go away He signs it chronic and believe me that's an insult That every chronic in the world Chronic would be a compliment to you You smuck it all life Get a goddamn life, okay Man, if the audience only had any little idea Man, doggy to the homperies that they were a Caribbean golf tournament We're supposed to know what that is Everybody's like all the golfers, which we don't really care about They're like laughing at me because I'm saying at the rock Caribbean What is that? Well, how do I know? Like could be a... See, Clarence makes out these schedules like well, it's a sports thing You're supposed to know about it Sure, your golf falls up your ass At least I need to have a pair, okay? Clarence You idiot Then we got the big That's seven Any K at 10 o'clock to relieve I was in that spanglish whenever the big was talking about And then during Mark overnight Two to five horse nicking in that morning slot That's what yo told me, eventually they want to work out of that five to eight slot What the hell? We're supposed to know five seats on You a M This is Dick Kenny I like to relax by having Mary Magnale And massage my balls while listening to the Nail Rogers 12 to 1R Okay Dr Howard Dean Governor, his assistant, sent you away Detectives in the American Voter's Consciousness Then, an accidental overdose Seven Paris rent Alter's his body chemistry And when Howard Dean was angry He wore out of rage A startling metamorphosis occurs With a college hearings to him by rage And for you, by a nation of reporters We're going to California And Texas in the yard Are you going to stop the code of And Michigan And then we're going to watch the DC to take back the white house The preacher is wanted for a tirade in Iowa Howard Dean's political future is believed to be dead Any Muslim world thing that is his dead Until he can find a way to control the raging spirit That dwells within him It'll take a hooky alien effort by a plush load of spilling And by a plush load of spilling Doctors to change the public perception of the governor The only written creature in his life Who still believes in him His blind deaf mute dog Lucky the creature must run To protect himself But where will he go? We're going to California And Texas in the yard We're going to tell the code of And Michigan And then we're going to watch the DC Like the one who was The incredible Joe Come all one at five sixty WM happy Thursday too You know I forgot to mention today And it's on our website for those who really want to waste I mean one or look into it Because we had a call the other day We've had several facts about the thing with the Al Sharpton sleeping with a GOP It's in a village voice It's on our website Roger Stone long time Republican dirty curts Operative who led the mob to shut down the day County recount to help make George W. Present in 2000 It's financing staffing and orchestrating The presidential campaign of Urban Al Sharpton It says here The stone in Sharpton tried to reduce their alliance to a curiosity Suggesting that all they do is talk occasionally A voice investigation is documented in an extraordinary Reave connections and it goes on about that this one did this And it's like pages and pages of this Which you can read on our website on thearages.com But I'm not going to read on here because Stop and think about it I have to Al Sharpton how many votes did he get? I've heard of me And it was all together so far I mean he doesn't have enough votes to even talk about In addition to which the reason I'm skeptical about this And I read the whole thing Because nobody has been more critical of George W than Charpton all the debates so if if Roger stone is really behind him And if the Republicans are like goosing him up with cash And whatever else They're not doing too good of a job So consider this or keep your eye and a bouncing ball Okay, hope you're distracted By all I'm serious Yeah, keep your eye on the prize baby Keep your eye on the prize Here's the fact that this didn't guy Madison also plays a role No, that was got Williams But a guy but not the right guy And you recall John Gavin and Destry Don't you? I don't I don't need that You have a heard of it And no John Gavin I mean Destry Oh we already did that one didn't we? Yeah, I'm on it to play this Hercules He's a role So how many stories Hercules What? Nothing You did what? I said I know the lyrics to this I used to watch this all the time When a ring sends glory fighting for the right Fighting with his eyes With the strength of ten Ordinary men Hercules And blessings when near him Hercules Only the evil fear His softness and his eyes Higher than his eyes He's a virtue in his heart Higher than his heart Higher than his heart Of my leave Hercules He'll never know He'll never know Oh, he'll never know If you're onehigh-wee No one will be beaten Just as a side where you might end up in an uneating No one will run around or run to the road All day Even the guy who can't make a change is way too easy It's the Binian Seasle show. Oh! Come go save me! The way to Vogueina, for Binian Seasle design is not an attempt to come. I heard that show is a real scream. Here's Georgia's favorite. Georgia, Georgia, Georgia, Georgia, Georgia, Georgia. Oh great, thank you. That's a good ride. It's a nice ride. Exactly. W2QA and hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good, sir. I tried calling yesterday, and I was going to ask if you watched that game with a San Jose and the Panthers didn't know. I know I did not. I think I let you out. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, you're just to go, uh, just stick the peel back out of the banana plate. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, world is a carousel of color. Oh, that's wonderful, wonderful color. It's a jiffy walk, is he's wonderful, or a car? Where is the carousel of color? Is the recombody fantasy? I swear. Oh, man, there's all mothers with all of her secrets to see. No need to care. Underdog is here. When criminals in this world appear, a criminal laws that they should appear. I'm quite sure all of you see or hear the cry goes up, and they're all in the dark. Underdog, underdog, underdog. There's all speed of lightning, more of thunder. Oh, man, what's not to like, right? Right, oh, it's crazy. Well, this is like at least two, three, four times a week. You know, it's just so much better, so much more fun than some of these people. WQM, hello. Yes, all this memory from all these classic TV teams and everything. Isn't it great? It brings back the number one guy from classic television. And who could that have been? Give me a clue. Alan's fun. Any other best part of it is I bet you're got that on here somewhere, can you remember? Do you think? I think she thinks you do. You think so, I do? I'm not on this, does kind of thing, but I bet you if I really scow her through here, I can find that dance. I can find that puppy. Get out there, Koozekin camp. All around the mountain top and Tennessee. Green a state in the land of the free. Oh, he's gonna raise them the wood, sozzy new and free tree. Killed him a bar when he was only three. TV, TV, rocket, King of the wild frontier. That's a crot, TV. Fought single hand to throw the engine board. The green swiss went and feast was a story. Then I mentioned it in waterlance. Yeah, you did. And also, what he's with, and a pecker is dead, too. They have things for that. See, good vush on there, wouldn't he? But what he had? A pecker. Why in her? Why in her? Brave or raise a send-boe. The wind is famous and long live his glory and long may his story be torn. Wow, that's almost like something out of church, you know? It says very emotional. WQAM, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. I can't believe I got through it. Great filming and he has a good dude, man. Yeah, I am. Any, really casualty, remember him? Yes, I do remember Rudy Coddly's. But in fact, I wouldn't be surprised if it's on one of these. I've asked a lot of people, so I can never get the answer. Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Any of the rounds? I'm show before I've got him in the divine room. Rush Limbaugh is right. No, honk. Jackie Gleason. No, no. I don't know. If I'm not mistaken, I think the guy was in silent pictures towards the end. Really? I remember Andy DiVy was not the original one, well we can probably find out. I'm going to look up Buster Brown on the do a search. Yeah. Oh, I'm great show man, keep up the work. Nice pal, I have a great day. You too, bye bye. See everybody's in a pretty good mood. Even in your friend Reverend Jones isn't a good mood. He's bubbling over with fun. We're all happy. I'd like to see him bubbling over his matter of fact. I'd like to see the blood spreading parallel. I'll see you later. He doesn't. He doesn't. He doesn't. He doesn't. He doesn't. So, sorry about George's paycheck and the Josh. I get peanut. Josh, you're going to kill us. NOanno... SHHHHH nécessaire. Oooh. All men came with the sun. George Gourd, there was a jerking done And so they sent over them at être gun, I would have to say it's as hurry her reach step right up and see the amazing Jackson's. One thing done one tenth of it all is all across the microla 40 something flying. I think he still thinks he's Peter Pan. Don't get too close to the boys he might just snatch you up with his bedroom play hide and seek with a teddy bear. Next we have Janet the one breasted pop singing diva. Close your eyes kid open your mouth and you're in for a real treat. Then we have Germaine the Frankenstein watch kids how his only his lips move what he's speaking. Peter Barnett would have loved in Jackson says a bob in wherever to help Bob is. Thanks Bob that's kind of cute. What is it you're mean to the a sit to the case that's the question German to the case. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and rise of wireless line. Let's see if they want to see any more naked pictures on our website. Now in other words you think we can't put any of them on there right. He'll be the agreement we can now. I'll talk about it. It's a subjective kind of thing not unlike the FCC so we'll see what we can do. Well what do you mean not unlike the FCC. The FCC doesn't there are no regulations on the agreement is very similar to the language that you find in FCC language where it's like what do they mean by that. Yeah. So where are you a you and him battle it are okay you do get out with the Duke. I don't want to get involved because then he'll call here and if he calls here I will jump out the window. They're very high battle will do whatever will do something or not. Or we can just argue about it for six months. 12 13 at 5 60 WCB and great working with Eric you know he's been a real treat. Hey guys last time you took a look at it you decided it's just too small and so small it's embarrassing. It doesn't impress women doesn't even impress guys and it certainly doesn't last as long as it used to and of course we're talking about your paycheck call fast train toll free at 1 8 6 6 fast train start that new high pain computer career and just for short months they can up you get you a new high pain computer career and get a big fat paycheck that goes along with it. The demand for computer professionals is still growing so confastrate today toll free be sure much in time for it's name they'll get a real hoot the hot or out of that call one 8 6 6 fast train and with several locations in town fast trains about to have a campus close by where you live they offer you job placement the natural assistance for people who qualify and would day night and we can classes you have notes uses no more to stay in the dead and job working for peanuts. What do you say peanuts? Yeah if you register now you can have that new high-paceregist for short months so call fast train today at 8 6 fast train or check them out of the web at fast train.com now you can have a real big impressive one just like Todd REC a big fat paycheck call 1 8 6 6 fast train. My wife found a�import It's a beautiful day in the night for hood the day for some strange behavior Don't you dare mine? I'm out of my mind It's a beautiful day in the beauty wood the beautiful day to show I really remind and lift your be-hine It's so nice to have a neighbor just like you I've always wanted to do a little kid like you so don't try to get up Then just run away just stay a while so we can both fly like you're behind One last behind but don't you be a traitor Oh, don't please, please don't be Don't tell mom and dad you try to I tell a vision neighbor and play it together again Always thought it was a proverb, you know? Did you? Did you didn't? I just didn't like it It was the sweater and the sneakers that it for me I'll be dying You can be pony Winpy Kind of said He was a great man He was a great American, you know what you're talking about He was so stupid, you were very stupid I think he was a poet I think he was a poet Which would be fine No Good to be The walls of man on the best The past is gone over man No lie I've been opening the floor Boy, bye I'm 45 not to be confused with 38 special Okay My good close personal friend Alan Peris who needs a life out there And a West Coast get with it Alan He says smiley Ed McCona was the radio host of the West Brown gang You know are absolutely Absolutely Correct sir He was also the voice of Froggy the Gremlin went Hi, I can't say hi Like that Hi, I was kind of like an early day for rail Hi, I can Sponored McCona course he croaked I do believe And then Andy divine and he croaked There's a lot of that going around Oh Scully, I flew his guest on Cheneys plane I do need to mention a few of these things throughout the minute here In between all the environment and funny This stuff Cause this is enough to really piss you off again Get you in the shower movie once again Yeah Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scully A travel is an official guest device person A dick Cheneys on a small government jet That served his Air Force 2 when the percame last month The Patterson Louisiana to hunt ducks The revelation cast further doubts about whether Scully It can be an impartial judge in Cheneys upcoming case before these Supreme Court Legal ethics experts said The hunting trip to a place just weeks after the court agreed to take up Cheneys Bid to keep secret The details of his energy policy task force I've got a secret That's the motto In fact, I've probably got that team on here somewhere too without Gary Moore I've got a secret And that's the motto of the Bush Cheney Oh, Hunta Hard cloth I told Jack Clarkman, quit the light and up them Faggot's man Quit hanging around with him Faggot's he just kept smoke at him and smoke at him Oh, he's like, no, not good He's still alive, right? I don't know how last book I brought over I've got that website, dead or alive, whatever This is the first Hispanic cowboy, Cheney Only man's child Not to be confused with the Cisco kid You're harsh they're real blind Real blind Now this thing that you just effects to me with the 61's Yeah, I checked it out, it's an anti-war Bush's A theoretical kind of a thing, it's cute Mecha Donald, some guy made it Why doesn't have that 61's? He's funny that way I see, well, he looks to say I'm not quite the Oh, here's another fact that Veraparte was also from my own Paris Who really needs to get busy out there doing something Jack Clarkman, A-Lost of Brown gang What? Jack's husband is still alive Well, thank God He's 81 Uh, right on radio, 1942, 52 Smaller than it's Buster Brown gang Coming soon, I've got shoes you've got shoes Everybody's gonna have shoes, but there's only one kind of shoe for me Go to a Buster Brown shoes, right Remember that, don't you? Of course not Well, before all them good stuff came along like cheers Brombo, Brombo, Tarrin, Buster Texas, Play Brombo, Brombo, Brombo, Play For this song about O.J. Suzy, what? Word association man, Bromko O.J. Play Play Play, play, play, play, play, play Can't spit it Oh, we're gonna take a picture Oh, we're gonna take a picture Oh, we're gonna take a picture She was like the Oprah Winfrey of sitcom No taste And I dig pain day There's a time you open the light But it's time you start Big big pain light Big fat high And some more notes to sing And the notes all around the world Where the fuck do you know that there's one She's a real confed if you ask me She'd sing She'd brass me It was cursed when herGood at reckless gods stressed me pipes and miplosi Emma confirmed her path And she'd sing rug this Gilis Tertyingophone无 agree would better be remote And if Otto World had a goal The fuck is greatdure Old hungry gods I hope you like it. I hope you like it. I hope you like it. I can arrange, I can get it. I hope you like it. What's your word to yourself? Give it to me. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I'm going to see my kids. I'm going to tell them you'll go to the bank. I don't know what to do. She's all that you and your blood. Stay away from your dreams. Oh, we're here to find that genius man. You're so great, you've let you. Here she comes. Here we come. There's the cup of Spain that runs here we come. I'm the long-tancers of these dreams. Here we come. Are you a member of William Boyden Gabby Hayes? No. Oh, my god. And you think something about life? You don't remember happy? No. Damn it. I remember poppies. That's what Gabby hears you to say. I happy. I happy too. Yeah. I was waiting. What I like most about our website, www.theorodgers.com is out of 400 in 12 votes. Let's give the show online one online. As in PT. Barnum. Both pictures and stories, pity 503. The polls, 53. The naked pictures, 49. The news stories, 47. I hated its evil, 16. The silly noises. 13. The archives 11 and the funny pictures 11. Those archives, which people are always passionate about. I don't think there is big as some people are like us to believe. I'll keep in mind asking what you like best. Right? Right. Isn't that a good excuse? Brian says that it was Sandra D. Sandra D. was your original Gidget? Eh. Was the original Midget? Me. Did you tell me everything, Pellus-Jace-Gaded suicide? Yes. Wow. He used like a small bullet. 27 past noon at 5.60. If you have a lot of little caliber show anyway. Hey, I want to tell you how a caliber joint. And that's a pizza lock. Pizza lock is the best in the business because when it comes to delicious food, everything cooked fresh to order. That's why I take a couple of extra minutes because they don't want to bring you any like overcooked pasta. There's nothing worse than pasta. It's like mushy and overcooked fat. Everything is cooked to order. So it's crisp and fresh and delicious. Whatever it might be. And they've got everything under the sun. Every kind of pasta to share. They've got chicken and veal seafood. Three different kinds of fantastic pizza. Cells own super-subs the best garlic rolls anywhere in the universe guaranteed. Now let's see. It's Thursday. Thursday night is bike light at the loft. Come on a motorcycle by one dinner. Get the second one for half price. And of course the pizza lock does great catering. Two for the little is five bucks per person for your next lunch or a fare. You can eat it there. Have a deliver to stop by and take it home. Call 9-5-4-9-16-88-80. Be sure to tell them that they're rumours sent you by. Because it'll probably get them a few more free meals. Call 9-5-4-9-16-88-80. For the world famous pizza lock, it's in need pizza lock plaza makes sense to me. Right on university, drive between Griffin and 595 behind-pair one Inports with loads and piles of free park in two. Pizza lock, not the cheapest or the fastest but the best anywhere. A jet-comb continues going strong after about 500 years. Live and local career sports video 5-60s you a UAM. The knockdown doors in the middle. The knockdown doors in the middle. The job of a small radio station in Miami Beach, Florida by David. Because I was an idea. I was an idea. I did the board. I did job. I did sports. I did news. I did everything cleaned up. Cleaned up by David. Welcome to Larry King Live. Joining us tonight is also on the bedline. Welcome to the show. Thank you. So, what time you got? Let's see. That's best to have with my eyes. So, this is your first appearance on American television. I'm not exactly. I've been on this very job. And that's right. Well, at 9-11 things pretty much find out. Stop living in a fast. Of course. Not to mention the bush. Three more of the American basis. I'm so disoriented. I say we've. So, all those warnings. No, I got what they wanted. So, how's that dialysis coming along? I praise our fellow Hubby. Is it better to us not to wait at fans? That's a room for the family. Yeah. Okay. Let's take a call from to an cloud. What's the question? I'm Larry Aga. The FCC in at Anson doesn't care about the $27,000 fine pocket change for him says Lana. Thanks for the good news. Okay. So, if you want to see a lot of boobs just turn on the channel 7. Or you already missed him today. But if you want to see the biggest boob in town, ten o'clock channel 6. Richent has. Is he still on? I don't know. I bet you're hanging on. How about she's hanging by his thumbs? How about my garden here? Oh. Oh. My show will come. All right. With the raw routine, next edition. That the braise of quite ever known. All right. Oh. Oh. Oh. It's just a tiny wrap. I've got to tell you about me below. She's a man of the law. Oh. I've always promised that the truth. That girl. I just bet right. That right. The girl there. Hey Marl, I'll miss you here. Keep the line and closet summer. We're keeping the boob closet. So don't scare that neither crack again. It's going to keep the lid. Put it back on MS and we see you. There ain't nobody watching anything. I don't want to. I want the sea march. It's a thing you're going through. I am just off of here. Never heard of it. You're here a segment in the sea monsters watching the with fun. You did not. I did so. You did. Right. Never in the court. I thought you'd be full of things. Or with a bunch of little bit of dynamical. That was a big deal. It was a big deal. It was a little like beach boy harmonies there in the background. Isn't it? Yeah. That was Carl Wilson. You're going to be in the sea. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I wanted to thank you. Tell me about the Google.org webpage. Right. I was on a bus. I was, you know, twice the tank for push, campings, started nothing. Right. I talked about 25 people. They all got to the same thing. And hopefully I'll help make a difference. And who's going to help you? But I want to talk to you something. Yes, sir. I'm sure I got it on here somewhere. I'll find it. How do you get those things? I'm just curious. Well, you can go into any or music store, any record store, any place where they got CDs. They have in the TV section. They have old, old, old CDs. TV's there. There's a whole series of them. I've been in the TV story years. I'm going to have to tell you a bit about that. I think I've moved to touch with the help of these people. Well, stay out of blockbuster, man. I will go there for anything. I haven't rented a tape and there in the keys. That's fine. I just need to go to Hollywood City Hall, one of those local ones. I have. Well, keep up the good work, pal. Okay, I have a bit of a thing. You too. I mean, I got to play a little bit of this, you know, so, you know, patting the obvious. You think it's just a coincidence that Tabith is baby on. That first of all, her name is Tabith of the Witch on passions and that her baby's named Indora. You think it's an open relationship? What's the web now? What's the reason you're here? What the hell is that? What the hell is that? What the hell is that? What the hell is that? What the hell is that? What the hell is that? Oh, no, for now. No, but that's what's that, you know. Please don't eat the daisies, really? I mean, like that. And then of course, I would only leave this out. From our reconvacers. She goes in. If Freddy don't do it, Freddy, come on. Jesus. He did it. She's right. How can you hit his son, son? Oh, he's written on the use. The word he can't go. Oh, that one. Don't be dyschoree, baby. Oh, it's on that. Yeah. He's so hard to understand. I love Jose Feliciano Man. He's good, you know? Is he the life? Yeah, yes. He's great. You don't think he's great? I like him just fine. I think he's a more excellent thing. Has a hot wife ever seen her? No. He doesn't need a... Oh, I just got your planet. Oh, that's the banana split. I'm sorry. Where is the banana split? This is please don't eat the daisies. I'm sorry. Have part of John's okay. Will you set the door? No, no. Nobody can eat. Never heard of him. Never heard of him. Do you remember? Nope. Please don't eat the daisies. Nope. Never heard of him. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. Oh. He's close, but it's not. Every outer work actor, actress and Hollywood, who couldn't get any gig, any place else, wound up on this. It was like the outcast show. The re-cred show. It was a lot of love though. I'll say right the love. I'll say right the love. Oh. You can miss your head on my shoulder. Oh. Don't know what? Come on, you know what? The ghost? Sorry. The ghost, man. Mrs. You're. Newer? Nope. I've heard of the show. I know right. We'll watch it. You know what? I'm going to see the show. I don't know. Yeah. What do you think? Oh, right. Our attorney's still dead by the way. Dammit. I told you. The great entertainers did all that. Now we've got Jerry Sonnyfeld in the name of the show. We got. Or speak of that. Or speak of luck. We got top. I really imagine you can look at the key words. What do they want here. Sh heck. I'll find it. Oh, a thousand of these. We can do this for months, months and months. I think like almost three years we can do this. Twenty-two one is five sixty-two. I kind of enjoyed it. It's a little nostalgic and then of course the puncture. What role is old crap man? A. Listen, you love it. Don't you kid me for a second. It's great. It's great for when your television was really useful. And not just a bunch of silly ass talking hits. Like we'll put a blue-screen grid if I'm brown. God, what a pile of crap they got on there now. Oh, we got Janet Jackson's movie. Great. Congratulations. Congratulations. We got the Missing Girl in Sarasota. You want to see that again? About fifty thousand. We got Janet Jackson's rest right here. What congratulation? It's getting alive. Exactly. So we ever find out where Jennifer is. What's going on with her? No, not lately. We love you, Jennifer. Nineteen till one is five sixty-two. And to write stoichios where it's said delicious new replacement grid. The taste grade and the reason is because it has a splendor. Instead of aspirateame or saccharine. So it doesn't have that nasty aftertaste that lingers in your posts. Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a hurry. So whether you're diabetic or just looking for something that would taste great that doesn't have all that sugar. This is the answer for you. And to rest diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life plus fiber antioxidants. Yeah, this low-unsaturated fat and cholesterol. And to rest diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free and an ounce can provides 237 calories of easy digest nutrition. You try once you'll never go back to that other crappier drink and before. Fix them up today. It's all over town now. It's becoming more popular by the second. Pick it up at Sedano's Navarro's Echreds Walgreens, public's CVS local pharmacies all around the drug to join. And the makers of it are so sure you're going to really enjoy it to give it away a free two pack. That's right. One thing all a bunch of it full-size samples. I have to do is call that toll free number and it's yours free. Call 1-86-368-3739. Be sure to tell me that you'll send your bar for the delicious one and they'll give you an additional special gift when you mention my name. Or you can also order online at enterrestivetic.com. Click on free samples. Here's that toll free number again. It's free. Call 1-86-368-3739. My life and love all this is for 205-16. In the way in the way in the way in. One stand are for his through with you. And give him a shower and you're self-hating you. Be that? Say that. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. You've been a great man. He's black and the Ahus and the South are listening. V. He's black and full of it and C. He's black. Politics 101, the Republicans are nothing but consistent. Well, Bill, don't worry about it. Like I said, he's small potatoes and nobody in pain. Attention to them now or any other time. Also, how about that new Dennis Miller show off? There was a Hall of Fame for sellouts who have been inducted immediately. Good point, Bill. I thought it was going to say if there was a hell. He'd be there immediately tonight. I can't say hell again. Little kids are going to be walking around saying hell. God damn it. Before we get back because I'm having fun with this thing. I'm sure everybody else is doing it. If not, to man. I got a couple of things. Don't let me forget any one to two hour. Marine Daubs column, purity of the Powell's and I love this. Lenore Scanazzy from New York, Navy News. Janet Scott, nothing on Budweiser's, the headline. This following column has been previewed and approved for all genital audiences. Anyway, just a couple of short things. I got to read. Got to do it. The spirit of question tells me to do it. Just in Tickabelle speaking of that. There's only one thing that said it would please me. Bye bye. But his family is offended by the Super Bowl in the whole deal. He's pissed off. Just in Tickabelle said yesterday his own family was offended by his racist Super Bowl. Have time to wet with Janet Jackson. But he insisted he thought only her boosty A would be revealed. Not her breasts. What a young did her cost of heanked it. And came off. Timberlikes said an interview with KCBS that he understood how unfortunate this is. Oh, brother. Oh, it's so unfortunate. You know what? Yeah. He added that he was frustrated that this character was being questioned. I do understand that we're a lot of people that were completely offended by what have an including my own family. And I think that's probably the part that's frustrating most for me and completely completely completely completely that's three completely is regrettable. He told KCBS, outside the Stable Center where he was rehearsing for some days, Grammy awards. Tinkabelle said he received a call before the show from Jackson and her choreographer saying they wanted to do a costume reveal. Now I was out of the impression that it was going to be revealed in the costume reveal was a red, brzir, boosty A he said. The singer said he didn't have time to rehearse it before taking the stage was stunned by the outcome. I mean, I was completely shocked and appalled and all I could say was, oh my God. Oh my God. He said twice. But one second when he said it just like that by the way, I was going to say in the lower register, but that's exactly what he sounds like. Oh my God. But one second flashing which reveal Jackson's right breast had only in a sunshaped nipple shield, as some 89 million viewers has caused an uproar. But this is the AP what matches of understatement. I'm really sorry I wanted to tell you all of this stuff. So Justin has pissed off and uh, and his family's pissed off. Yeah. Well said. Cindy says great choni on all these old children. Well thank you, Cindy. Thank you so much. Let's see Bob Hopestil, that by just heard him tell Janet Jackson, thanks for the memory. Not bad. Sorry, chronic Justin and Tinkerbell lakes. Not listening, just monitoring. Oh we have a lot of those Justin. Thank you. 560, 5056, the pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless live. You don't know this. You're back. You're back. You're the only one. I was here named John one, flashman. Oh seriously, what the. John, well that was your name. I can't believe I forgot that. That's embarrassing. I'm sorry. That goes way, way back. John Collins. John, uh, Johnny, huh? Johnny loves Trachi. Johnny loves Trachi. For he's Nancy looking at me. And the hill is the greatest dream in Seattle. That was like a dream. What is it? Davis. John Davis. John. Running out the street. They fall down. One, two, three. Four of them. Four of them. Four of them. Four of them. Four of them. Four of them. I remember Georgie Davis used to drive at Nahesal Park in Northville, down. His son, Thes Stephen Davis, who can't drive his finger up, is in. Here we come. What are we going to do? I don't know. It's funny. It's fun. Everyone lay in the heat. Oh. I'm a rare commodity. Oh. And it's by the way, you said they did make some good music. I know they were musicians, except for... I like their music. Peter. No, I was a Michael Nesner for the musicians. Why? I like their music. They made some good music. I can't sing for a Schmooch. I can't. I can't. They could sing for a Schmooch. Oh, it's the flying movie. Is that Sally Field? Is that Sally Field? Is this Sally Field? Yes. I hate Justin. Here's some flying music for him. Just fly away please. Cool. Here's the story of a lovely lady who was bringing a treatary lovely girls all of them at Harold Gold. Like their mother, the youngest one. We think Laura Tenderster really did kicky things with the Western one. The dance from here. Thank you. Probably. Yeah. Oh, right. Never watch this. It was a crack point. It was one point. Well, I'm not really acquainted with the Central Force. Oh, good. I'll take you with me. Here we go. This was our real show, baby. Something to everybody. Here's a good thing. Oh, and I just wanted to mention this. Remember, I was watching a biography channel and they had the Salmonios life on there. Right. And, uh, Don Johnson. There was a movie he made with a very young Don Johnson and a rap scene. A violent rap scene in prison. Where Don Johnson was the rapee. So when he was raping him in, yeah. Our young, unbelievable looking Don Johnson. And guess who else? That was the only movie. He's on Johnson. He's doing various. But you heard those rumors about Don Johnson. Going all three ways. Yeah, whatever. Up down inside out. And guess who else they talked to was good buddies with Salmonio? Well, let me give you a clue. And it wasn't, it wasn't Shirley Jones. No. It wasn't Danny to go to Dooshbag. It wasn't that they've maddened. Or John Adams. Or John Adams. Or John Adams. Or John Adams. Or there's another child. I can't confess my just obsession in my younger days with David Cassidy. I do that because the guy with the eyes probably would get jealous. Man. He's got his body. He sure had some pretty hair. I'll tell you that. David Cassidy. It was pretty. Pretty mouth. Here you go. Jillang. I beg your pardon. I don't know what that is. Yes, you do. The dating game. I can't believe you. The dating game. I can't believe you. The dating game. The dating game. Sure it is. No. No. This is the newlywed theme. Alright. So that's a gift that asshole Bob you made. What did they have different dating games? No. No. What did they have? Wrong. I'll let you book a Brian's life on. That's it. Alright. Let's just cut the music later and change it to that T1 attack. Yeah, that was it man. Alright. You just don't know your horns, Mr. It's one thing I know. I know my horns. Including Lina. I hate how I remember it. Five, six, seven. Okay. Like I said, that wasn't it. I just made it a bit more than one thing. You know, sometimes shows that change their theme. No. Boston Space. You're getting old, Mr. You're getting old. Oh, it's really bad. It's 256 at five, 60, WQM. If your mattress is getting old like George, I'll tell you one thing. George at least has got a dial-makers and so to why. And so does Boca Brian. And Miguel has got one of you ought to see what he and his lovely wife are doing on it. We can't even describe it here on the ear. And fat boy, what he's doing on it. Well, somebody cleans it up, I guess. I make you pardon? He's sleeping on his. Who is that boy? Is he really? I heard he's doing some other things. See, please. Anyway, here's the answer. If you want the best mattress going, you know what's down on my mattress. Now it's president's day less than two weeks away, which means that the mall stores and shrooms every year they do it. They run their big, phony macrosales this time of the year. The ones where they doubled the price. And they chop it in half back to where it wasn't the beginning. And they say, hey, look at this. We're giving you half off. So if you want to be a fool and get sucked in, be my guest. But if you want to be smart, call dial-makers one easy call any day for the best prices in the world. 1-800 mattress. No phony sales. No bait and swish just every day rock bottom prices. And they got them all. Whatever brand you love, they got it. Seely, sort of Simmons King Queryl tempered pedic and now even Stearns and Foster Hewitt. Choose from dozens of bottles that lower the day discount prices. You can rest easy and enjoy a great night sleep. I make it at one easy phone call. You don't even have to leave the house. Just call 1-800 mattress. And dial-makers still let you choose that two hour delivery window that's convenient for you. Any day, seven days a week from 8 in the morning, till 10 at night. Dial-makers is super proud of their overall customer satisfaction record when you use these people once. Next time like years from now when need a mattress again, you never dream of going to those vending in department stores and getting ripped off. So it'll get sucked in by the phony ads. Do what we're all doing if QAM and what all the smart folks are doing. Make the one simple call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTRES or check them out online at macres.com. My life and locals, this is for 20-56. You ready to wear your hair? The one is a two hour! I folks stand a smeller here and I'm standing here with President George W. Bush. The man I'm endorsing for reelection. Hey, everybody. Oh, George, here's doing a great job. I made you know, when it comes to get that done, he makes Churchill look like Neville and Berlin. Isn't that right, sir? Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, he's my favorite basketball player. Right, and President Bush really stands up to the terrace. Say better than the Democrats, let me come up. Those guys out the backbone of a number-to-one muscle relax. He's okay. Yeah, I think I used to lick nematodes back in my frat these days. It's taking a lick. George W. Bush is going to give the Democrats a bigger lick than who's getting Turner. Well, I know what, who's Turner? George W. Bush is going to turn this economy around faster than little rakes and Scranium in the excess. I didn't know Ronald Reagan was in that movie. I mean, come on, I don't need to go off in a red here. But George W is to pro-active for policy. What he's in for was to quantum physics. So, okay. I was always good at physics and some place folks come November 2004. But for George W Bush, just me on this, when you'll be happier, the Ruben started with a fistful of ponderosa copus. I think I get that one. Oh, good. Hey, poor by the surprising new friends of George W. Bush. It's a matter of past one at five, 60 WQM, happy Thursday to a mad dog at two the hopper and a real care being golf tournament. That is that Nulegamy-Wackens balls around. Oh, let's see. Here's a fact that this is not a 10-PM channel to frontline as we broadcasting the documentary on the World War. I don't know if you saw it, but it's a real fly opener. I'll be watching with both handsets and squirts. Here. Did you like that? Still want to answer that, Rick Sanchez. On Rick torn? Yeah. Over his Sanchez, yes. WTVJ 10 AM Monday through Friday. What did I say before? Before what? Before you said that. Anyway, yeah, so that was he still on here. Mark it down. We'll see how many days that's going to last. It's coming more than one. How many more hours can the hand hold? Well, I know that. And like I said, I lasted maybe four minutes at tops that one day. Oh, geez. I mean, Rick, come on, sweetheart. Get serious. A worse study job at Hooters, Chrisized. In Guyton, Joja, I told you, Joja and Kansas men. They need to be like cut out of the US map physically and discarded in the ocean. A high school senior choice for a worse study job was a little bit too racy and eyes of a superintendent. Laura Williams, 17th of a job a lot of months ago, as Hooters said, a hooters restaurant. The national chain known for its scatley pad waitresses. Superintendant Michael Moore, not that one. His act Williams to quit saying the job is not appropriate for a work study program. I have questions in my mind because of the advertising and sexual connotations he said. But Larry Williams said he doesn't mind his daughter working at the restaurant. In fact, Larry Williams said she might even meet Chorke Fatt Pany there. Remember Larry Williams? Nope. Number one. He planned to appeal to the school board argued that his daughter should be a lot of Keeper job. I went to Hooters for an hour and six families came for supper during that time. This is a chain restaurant with high standards. What's wrong with you people, man? It's gotten Georgia. Shame on you. Damn. And it's just shows he's cleaning the table. She's dressed just fine. She's not walking around with like paces and a g-strings stuff like that. Yeah. Those wrong ones. These assholes. Oh, it's bigger than that. Here's Moine Doud's column. The security of the Powell's. Walking in isn't a virtue business this week, Center stages a riveting Father Sun drama. No, not that one. At the FCC, Michael Powell is trying to save America's virtue while over at the state department. His father, Colin, is trying to save his own virtue. They're both obsessing about something that should have been there, but suddenly wasn't. The sun demanded an explanation for Janet Jackson's missing material while the father wrestled with the next explanation for Sanamu's saying missing material. The sun opened an inquiry into something everybody had already seen is the father that offended his speech making the case for war based on something nobody has seen. Who could have guessed it, Sodom's WMV would be less scary than Miss Jackson's Pierce Medal Sunburst, a weapon of memory destruction, aimed at CBS Chairmanless Moon v. Whereas John Stewart points out that a government's reluctant to investigate intelligence lapses is so he could have investigated a breast lapse. As the Washington Post interview on Monday, whether he would have recommended an invasion if he known that a rack had no weapons, the Secretary of State replied, I don't know, adding that the absence of a stock file changes the political calculus, it changes the answer you get. But the words at Berlin left his mouth before furious White House Aides force Mr. Paula Eatham, Justice Janet Jackson had to repent for revealing too much, so did the top diplomat. Secretary Paula had a glutton clarifies remarks to reporters, telling the war the war was justified, even if weapons are never found. Rummy stuck to his or while he and guns telling Trin was yesterday that just because we don't find us neither not there, or as postmodern professors say absence is presence. At least Miss Jackson, like David Kay, had the grace to say, unfortunately the whole thing went wrong in the end. Once more Colin Powell was left trying to squareving a good soldier with preserving what was left of his reputation, his twin concerns, wanting everyone to think he's a man of purity, and not wanting to fight a battle he might lose, have come into fatal conflict because of a rack. The younger Powell failed to appreciate the consequences of not curving big media companies gathering up rivals. Colin Powell failed to appreciate the consequences of not curving big cheney, rummy and Wolfie as they gobbled up foreign policy. The Sun vowed in 2000 Monday would be patient with cultural accesses. I don't want the government as my nanny. I still have never understood by something as simple as Trinning at off is not part of the answer he said back then. But here he is the biggest nanny in government since William Bennett, starting a little culture war to improve his ratings. The FCC-ACBS for a super-will halftime take to determine whether standards were violated, what the FCC can't pop for a Tivo, next the FCC will ask the CIA to provide satellite photography of the rogue boostier. The Janet and Justin show was unbelievably tautary, but also unbelievably vainly, another rehearsed Sudo-Shock that the media and not the government gladly play along with. Isn't it the power of social-appropriate and a free society enough? It's already out of control, Ms. Jackson lost your spot as a presenter at the Grammys, and in B.C. Zifili, it's forced and ever to take out a scene from last night's episode of ER because of breast was exposed for a second and a half, it was the breast of an 80-year-old woman dying of a heart attack, sizzle sizzle. Besides, at all the indignation to be about a wardrobe malfunction when there were all those Iki-ads financing our annual festivities of testosterone about erectile dysfunction, one feather I know Tritling is curious 10-year-old son, the ads were about electile dysfunction. Michael Palshut's stuff interfering where he doesn't belong, colon Palshut's start interfering where he does belong, the secretary should get off the sidelines where the vice president Pentagon banished him and stopped waiting for them to fail so he can be vindicated. He should get more involved and rest of the Iraq from chaos, the Hawks wore to make Iraq free and secure, slowly descending into anarchy and ethnic conflict. That's in decent. Right, so you always brilliant, Marine Dog. You go girl, nice girl. Yeah. I'm sorry, we'd want more quick. Okay. Come on, get the other one out of the way that we can have fun and games. All right. Go to that sound good. This is, uh, Lenore Scasian in the New York Daily News. She says the following column has been previewed and approved for all genital audiences. Boops that I say genital and in general. He was completely unscripted on for a scene vocabulary malfunction. Don't sick the FCC on me. But now that we're talking about body parts, how about that super bowl? Jan is peek-a-boo, maybe getting all the attention and how do you think other boob, her other boob feels, but actually it was just one brief entry in the evening's Galasaloo two sexual humiliation. They can shatter than shave that's how CBS served up all American manhood on Sunday, and much of the credit must go to Budweiser, which seems single-handedly to invented the new marketing strategy, by our beer and something terrible will happen to your who's it. In one ad for example, main number one has a dog fetch a Bud life, then ask his friend what can your dog do? Where a pie man number two, uh, two's dog, chumps on a man's number one privates, causing him to relinquish his beer and presumably any hopes of having children. Makes me scared to get anywhere near a bud, and I've even haven't, uh, you know what's his linore. Working that emasculation magic for all its worth another bud ad features see brick the entertainer, soldering it at what looks like a massage parlor, old Adler, and too late that he's in for bikini wax, all painful and girly two points. As for the Edward of the carriage horse, pull a romantic couple cuts more cheese than craft, what can I say? Sure, it reinforces the crucial past and gas-top of Bud connection, but it delivered no real crippling sexual consequences. How did CBS let it slip in? Purchase net, perhaps next year the horse didn't mistake part of the man for a carrot. Luckily the Edward of the Monkey puts the moves on a major bay makes up for any dip in Bud with the devian sea level by suggesting that a guy who leaves his girlfriend in the couch may face serious competition for a primate, message Drake Bud, lose out to a monkey. These ads were interspersed with about a million more for ED drugs not to be confused with LED drugs that make your penis light up, one even more infuures to call the doctor if they're resting less than more than four hours. And then of course there was a half time show which featured so much bumping in grabbing, most men were left wondering, am I the only one without a four hour erection? It's enough to make you a guy grab a beer or a la Vita or never mind. Pretty good call up by Lewis Ganazi in that day of years. And that cute, it was cute enough to make him grab scorch or something. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, where it'll slip. Starting to see a little bit of slack and off now, I think they finally seen Genesis boobie enough. Still heavy duty response and air, but probably all six billion people on the planet visit our website once and see them up. What I like most about NeoRoggers.com is we have 521 votes. Added to the 284 we had in the first poll is what? 7. It's 805. See? Put this just calm down a little bit. Both pictures and the story is 50, 5029. Listen to this show online 122. The poll's 75, the naked picture is 64. The news story is 63. I hated its evil 23, the archive's 17, the silly noises. 16 and the funny pictures 12. 15 holder Another date for me, the인�farlane<|ml|>. Everyone knows in seconds life we all come back to the vacinct. But my mother's a heart to a man eating an alleys- Oops whoo gullie! What got you a faggot at ねf Filaw? Sheô netcom初 216 Alright. Okay, still I'll be out here. My body hall was the hose. Take it here. Yep. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. There we go. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Get começ enough now. Get props here. Again. Go. What happens? Oh, ok. Come on,メ mac Jinupua.움. Ok. Arrogant. One more月 here. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. just absolutely the worst piece of direct believe you me I know my soap opera's Mr. I'll stick with a little tiny bit of guiding light and passions that's where it's at the lovely Sheridan by the way she's gonna get another joke today she's getting the juice and one of these days when he's gonna tell Eve something haha I want to think one thing about that show is they just keep purposely dragging it out and dragging it I just to aggravate and frustrate the audience they love it it's like an SNM thing and the audience is on the MSI we're all massacists and how about that Louise and Miguel? 12 minutes past one at five sixty wqm hey if you're got a job that really isn't paying you squad if your paycheck is so puny and tiny it looks like Todd Rex penis here's the answer for it gets yourself a real career and a big fat one that goes along with a George likes a big fat one in fact he's probably confident I'm right now call fast train toll free and change your life call one eight six six fast train room where I'm here and is that the Todd Rick has got like you know pigs have like those corkscrew penises yeah for the he opens up the wine bottles with it call fast train at one eight six six fast train to start that new high-paying computer career in just four short months fast train can up yet getting a new high-paying computer career and changing your life for the better forever and the demand for computer professionals is still growing so pick up that phone a column two day at one eight six six fast train seven fast train locations all around town so there's body of campus close by you and actually do have a campus unlike you in fast ring-offered job placement penimensional assistance for those who qualify with day night and weekend classes there's no use to say in a crappy meaning was that I job no more and if you're registered now you can have that new high-paying career in just four short months by June no less so call fast train and now you can have a big impressive paycheck that will stretch a long way call one eight six fast train or check them out at wickedweb at fast train dot com even look at that girl she's a big name beauty who's appeared in movies and you've seen her in the picture show yeah I saw ghosts loose wheels is her hubby and she's got a little baby that she brings to this studio right she makes all kind of don't about all kinds of clothes not the clothes she doesn't wear all the clothes that are painted on the girls make it on the cover of the baby fair baby fair baby boys they're gonna cover fair baby boys they're gonna cover fair baby boys they're gonna cover all the cover of the baby fair it's a very very good thing job I think I'll take a walk they've got a great passion for us you and type fashion because she's gone out on all them she got a body by sure Williams and they even did the trim now she got a prince tripe was a metal ape was a wedding and she's looking so devil they're so beautiful what you ain't seen nothing like the extra bunnies I look over the bed and I think I'll be covered fair baby like baby kind of lover fair excuse me if I'm stinger at the cover of the baby fair all my cover of the bed and I think I'll be covered oh it's a nice evening there and a come a man looks so beautiful smile and she even pregnant this time 2018 at five sixty double your crimson erected you discuss the mid school amount of cash he's making from those banner ants it's been discussed before yes well I think I'd be more than happy to replace that so we can have the website be the way we want it to be okay you see what I'm saying I see what you say because it's basically a losing proposition uh oh they don't basically still that by the way we all like robustly and unfortunately decided that how about ready for this he's a guy who can be registered oh you're crazy what's the only thing that I don't I don't know how this is so popular well kind of like time so popular Peyton place remember Sandy Peyton's place I hate this girl and you like it yeah parky you don't really like that yeah I do you just say that to aggravate me so you have to be able to answer a few questions for likes the answer is it sucks I prefer to see a fortune myself I love you look at this thing I don't know I guess is this married Cartman I think that was really the four hundred repashions if you ask me oh get zero excellent yeah gentle bend remember gentle bend no I don't even know I don't was that a bit like an animal was that there was that like a big heart right there or uh right then gentle bend was a bear or speaking of being bear or a thermometer this is the theme from the first year about hemorrhage rubber's pile oh my can't stay in there and you can leave a million what year is that's a rock hunt you can say two netkin neighbors leave me land about an hour I don't want to be a minute oh brother yeah or is it oh there's nobody's gonna notice skipping and bushing your over did you hear that? that's okay maybe that's why they called it skipping Youirdy Control I think that's where this one dies. Oh. Y'all, I don't know. I want to open another store. I wanted to be Phillip Waterley. I'm proud that I saw the early Keepers loot. I'm running out of permanent revisions. — Oh, right. At the Cajour ok, boy. — Hold on, man. You tried? Now the best part is how I'm lost. You're right me. How far she's ready. I'll boy, she's in the bottom of the sea. See her. See this. Time travel. Oh, well, the marginal James Darren. Oh, the last one. Now what do you think the same boys want? Put the bottom of the sea. Oh, there it is. Oh, okay. So what I'm saying? Let's go to sleep tonight. Now with boys we're just living over in this room. Okay, that was my favorite line. And then we'll be here playing. Now I've been for bad day to quit sniffin' glue. That was it. You're not going to believe this. Remember that fact somebody hit earlier about Dr. Dr. Dr. There it is, Dr. Better take your quick call or two. They're going to start getting psychotic. Here's line nine. QAM. QAM. Oh, look at that. Oh, no. Oh, man. It said we're not connected to how can that be. No, we're not. Oh, George. Oh, no. I'm on the place. There's no dots, George. Oh, let me try it again. Well, we got internet. Well, then the dots will come back. Okay, we just, maybe just took a long rest there. But in the meantime. What? What? No dots names. What the good news is they just came back. WQA, I'm hello. Hi, Neil. How are you today? Okay, sure. I just love what you're doing this afternoon. It was great. And this relates to it a little bit. But I have a major obsession with Kitty Carlisle and Death Myerson, if you remember that. Sure. Kitty Carlisle was on the eight winged different panels. There's nothing else to tell the truth. And Death Myerson was on the big payoff. And have a great day. I don't know what happened to him. When I said the big payoff, I think he got scored scored. He'll be payoff. Randy Burman and Best Myerson, right? Right. You don't remember that. These two were in the coach. I agree with every long before we even born before we even had a deer. 27 after one at five sixty WQA. If you got an idea of buying a new car, truck while do something smart and save yourself a lot of cash by visiting. Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. There are US one just 20s easy minutes out of the eight thirty six. And Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth the drive no matter where you live. To save yourself a whole potload of cash on a great new Toyota. Check out these unbeatable prices. They got an old fork herola waiting for you loaded, including ear. That you own for just 12 990. An old fork canry with air automatic and lots more just 16 990. Need a truck how about an old fork Toyota tunner the safest truck in the country from just 14 990. And when you buy a new vehicle at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead, you get a free sun pass. These were the first guys in the area to offer your free batteries and tires for life. General manager David Patwitch and a staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today. Experience the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference. The only one that's been on the way to the company is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The 24232-247 for Armstrong's Toyota Homestead. Grab a little bit and save a whole lot on that brand new Toyota. We are sports radio 560. UAM. Know that the Lord even loves Neo Rodgers. She's just crashed for extra strength. Dexedred. When you're getting crucified, the last thing you need is headache. A so much pressure hanging around with the whole world sends away under shoulders. And some cladding and your stick to the spear in your sight. Yeah! Jesus Christ that hurts. So in this thorny crown, she's like a face around my head. That's when I reach predicts, Edron. Well, I don't reach forward. Hey! Anybody got any dexedred? Hey, Judas! Could you throw a couple into my mouth? Come on! I'm the savior for Christ's sake! Extra strength, thanks, Edron. Because the headache is a heavy cross to bear. One thirty to a five sixty cue on the reason I play that is this facts from Alex and my muse. She's just another example of censorship and volishment that we have to endure from all these religious freaks and glam. Living in the good old USA. Mel Gibson's reportedly decided that the lead a controversial scene in which the Jewish High Priest calls down a kind of curse on the Jewish people. Oh! From his film The Passion of Christ, due to the precious placed on him from the various religious groups supposed to the movie. Can anybody say communism? Can anybody say just don't go see it? If you don't like it? You've made me the upper show to you. You've really shaped my views on things in my thing too. I'm shaping Alex's thing. Well, that's good. Maybe pretty soon to look like a real one Alex. Just keep working on it. 5 670 5 60. Oh, look at this here some good news from Georgia. Finally, they got the good news from Georgia. Maybe someday they might even have the segregation there, but not too soon. Don't get crazy. Cox will recommend evolution's staying curriculum. See, Dham Cox went to that heaven that the party haven't. Did they? didn't he? body! yeah. I can't believe I' mean I can cause he had this problems but it's just just her to the Weltd Doncslap. Yeah, that was an ordinary dealing, not expected. What do we not expected? Yeah, with somebody like old like 30. pela well, just wait. State school super intended Kathy Koshan on today. she will recommend that the word evolution be retained in Georgia's proposed curriculum for middle high school students, science students, whatever be retained. I made the decision to remove the word evolution from the draft of the proposed biology curriculum in an effort to avoid controversy, but they would prevent people from meeting these substance of the document itself, Cox said in the statement, instead a greater controversy ensued. Cox hand proposed the phrase, Biological Changes Over Time, a term that scientists is right at as meaningless to be used instead. I'm here to tell you that I misjudged the situation, I wonder what apologize for that. A lot of people are apologizing. I watched it know today that I'll recommend the teacher teams that the word evolution be put back in the curriculum to which we say, thank god, okay, for evolution. Although it's working very slowly in Georgia. Maybe that's why she wants to Yankee. That's why she wants to Yankee. Here we are. Is this your Kinappi on earth? Oh wow, how deep do they care? You can't say do they love me, so I feel like. How do you miss? I don't say it. And boys and girls at home and kids in a gallery at the door. What was how to win later? Do you mean? We're starting to sound like Mr. Bluster, huh? It was a swinging guy swinging at Kent the gentlemen. I'll take your word for it. Parson. Oh, Parson. What? That was it? Did you move? Oh. That's what goes on there. We had a Tarsan show. Was that the moment when we run Elyanderthes? Something like that. Oh, this is the earth's out there. Well, some best I can do for right now. Sure, I got it. Oh, that is. Robin Hood? Can we say fire? Talk? Can we say that out loud? Oh, my God. We got the new version to call Robin Indahood. How do you got Duncan? Yeah. Robin Hood. You know, I want to hear a theme show as it makes me think of Lutz. Yeah. And two eggs. And half of it. Come down, Holly. Right, though. I want. How does it get? I'd love it, anyway. We wait at the end. Don't try to rock. Even Mr. Wipholos, there ain't nothing worse than a raw high. Why get that thing out of my trash water? I don't that. Hello, I'm Mr. Rae. I want some horse of course, of course. And no one can talk to a horse of course. That is of course. How old is his name, Alan? What? Fuzz Mr. Rae. Hold on. How old is Alan? I don't know. He's almost there. Oh, the vinyl room is too old. Don't they listen to it? Alan, but... Yeah. The street can waste your time at day. But Mr. Rae, will never speak. When we see him, something the same. Oh, horses are horses to course to go. When the cold outside just there. Alan, you're like, is that an excellent one. Right in the trail to Bruno's where, what this is, come back. And you're gambling this is game. Who the handle on it gone. Now, Rick is the name of the... Now, I'm thinking this will might be the theme for Kirish Camping. Ever see John Kirish in her mid months together? No. Same for you. This is the great facts that you just said. Play one for me Neil. How about the theme from the TV series, Come Back. Thanks George. W. Boych. All right. Yeah. He likes that combat. As long as somebody else is doing a combat. If it catches my drip. Oh. Sounds like wagon train. Who's that on the bat line? Hello. Tell Mr. Book of Brian. He's absolutely wrong. It was Alan Rocky Lane. The voice of Mr. Ed. No, no. But the guy who played the... The carried, not the voice of Mr. Wright. Oh, I thought you were living there. Oh. Boy, you are. Okay. Can you feel like? She like duty. How do you do these? Well, I was a great show. If I the way, you remember, you just be blessed to have a brother. Do you remember what his name was? No. Me neither. I remember Bill of the Witch. Oh, sure. Hey, you know, you remember that. If you know, the Witch was on a cook a friend and all of the, right? Right. Sunday, I bought a nine volume set of Cookable friend and all. All right. Oh, right. And I got my matching. How do you do these set the other room? I'll swap you one day. All right. All right. See you, son. Okay, bye. Bye. What a great guy. Such cold and man a tremendous guy, which of course is why he's sitting there listening to the radio. Now I'm not working. I'm not sprayset. Very sad. People would know tell him what's the more, but they got a job and said the sitting there letting his wife do all the work. Well, that's not a bad idea. Okay. Which I could do that. Alan Young was the... was the guy on Mr. Ed. And of course, Alan Aldo was the horse's ass. 20 till 20 till 2. But Alan Aldo was on mash and you like that show and just everybody else does that pretend they did. I didn't like mash. I'm sorry. That's early on. Of course I watched it like in the third run syndication. I can't like home fries better myself unless it's a lot of gravy. 20 till 2 at 5. 60 W. Q. M. Guys Valentine's Day is right around the corner. Hope you're not thinking about giving the same old tired flowers. Good, Gally. Unless you're planning on getting the same old whatever does she gives you. Here are three words that you need to remember for Montettyberg. You send her a bargaret and work to love the love lover boy bear. The love vented bear with new all-star Valentine dressed like a sports fan. When it arrives, you'll be completely surprised and all of her co-workers will think you're the greatest guy for sending such an original thoughtful and neat gift. Then maybe she'll give you the gift that you're hoping for. Just call 1-800-829 bear in the friendly bear council will help you choose the perfect bargaret for your Valentine delivered with a free chocolate and their famous gift box. It only takes five minutes to order and overnight delivery to home or office is guaranteed. You give her a nice box and she might give you one too. Call 1-800-829 bear or shop online and for Montettyberg.com. Send your Valentine to create a alternative to flowers which are didn't just a matter of hours and the bear course lives on. Call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R 1-800-829 bear and tell them that cranky old Neil told you to call. How are you, Neil? This is for 20th place at 2am. God Neil. He's back in jail, reising his classic hits for his latest release. It's landmarkable, live from the Paricobe toels. Amen, old drug cowboy. When I can't see the lines, that's not we with all over the world. By the time I find my penis, I'll be sober. I am the twos, I have a silly mate. His name's Tyrol. 114 derived from capitalist Mixing good with legs up. I'm with a big star, now I'm just a wash-good Frankie. Ooh, that's all. Lanky-file. I'm on a down-simmolite of fluid. It's said as I so far. Let's just shower, child. Eight. Big fan die. Black O'Neas, Lanky-mile. Re-sings is all time made of sticks. From the Maricopa tubes, available wherever you're seeing. Re-sings are traded. 145 at 560wcm.com and up at 2. I'm going to say hit the jackpot. With the tall dog stranger there, Marquette is the name. Ride on a trail to the car. Okay, I had his bear, but his system has yet to stand. And when this is game, To smooth us and the long leg comes, Marquette is the name. Oh, while there's a wind and all just come, and all just come. Huh? There creep the end of the cool. Keep the serious. Keep the wrong thing out of the whole. Keep the out of the family. And you remember the one that wouldn't plan the other disc? Yeah. And you remember the one that would be a virginian? Right. Also when you got about. Hold much of these. I've heard him. I've heard him. Soon we'll later you find it. This is what started this whole timis today with this. We dug Mclor. The west Virginia. Now I got a confess. I like dug Mclor. He was just to find a young man, but I am the show that really just had me standing on top of the counter. Oh, for real? No. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I already had the hot sugar. I'm pregnant. I'm pregnant. I'm a star. Yeah. I'll tell Charlie to hit it for me. I'll say that. The scorch court. And Don Grady was bang in Ferris Fossic. So they said. We have a bit about this. Can we do? My three air was a bit of a son. I don't know what his son did. Well, I may be coming up after the next break. You never know. I don't even know what they show it. You? You can barely hear it. So rebel? No. Well, it'll get there. Charlie, you man. Was it? Well, it's not like Johnny Cash to me. You go. You go. You go. You think Johnny, you man. Oh, I didn't know. You're a one-way guy. Don't you love the rebel. I forgot I missed that show. Oh, talk about saccharine. It's the Don of each show. Starting Greg. And mode. And mode. And mode. And mode. And mode. And mode. And mode. And mode. And mode. And a cast of unless you're the best. Where's this? Do you hear anything? I heard a little bit. And that was it. Oh. Here you go. Have the interesting part of it. Is a lot of these shows. The theme was much more better than the show everyone. Not this one, though. But he's the guy. He's the guy. Well, you know, just like, while he's right, I put it in the middle. To the table. And I think you're not. Oh, what is this? I've never heard of it. I've never paid about Jean Orton. Orton. Orton. Orton. Orton. I've never paid about Jean Orton. Next time, since you are in the Tanner building, next time, Tanner said he was going to ask him about Jean Orton. I think he's a couple of people. He'll pay his own bill. Orton. Oh, don't tell me this isn't going to go past it. Now this is interesting. Maybe it's my players here. Why does it say error? Because this is bought right from the goddamn stores. There's something going on here that I don't know about. Maybe it could go out. Huh? Maybe it's a conucting. I think it's a communist plod if he acts me. Anyway, 5.6705. 6. Do you think I've ordered two before we're done, but I doubt it. Now, did Eric ever like it back then? You're a little message board there on your wiki board? No, I think he missed it. I'll talk to him after the show. You can fabbly with him and see. Yeah. Get a price. Let's start taking care of Eric. Can you can pay? I mean, I can pay him or Josh can pay him or reasonable money. I can get that banner red crap off of that. We don't need that and we don't need all those restrictions. We want to have like a wild and fun and crazy and great website. Now what it's, I mean, I read that those restrictions, man. That's enough to make me want to gang. Sounds like something came from Michael's Powell's bowels. Why? And local. We're sports radio five, 60's. You a.m. Were you drugs back then? And now it's time for leave it to Azzee. Starring Barbara Billingsley as June Cleaver. Hugo Maud as Ward Cleaver and the irrepressible Azzee Osborn as the Oz. Oh, good morning, Abby. Oh, f*** you, mom. Oh dear. I can see someone woke up on the wrong side of the band. Oh, you bloody hell. I can't believe I must be a hater. What a f***ing shatter. Shatter. Who's Sharon? Is that one of your friends from school, dear? Good morning, Azzee. I f*** you that, get out of me, f***ing. No, Azzee. Let's no way to talk to your father. Says on what have you got planned for today? Or you may, where we got planned for today? Oh, no. I was just one of the Prince of Dogg, except the hand out of f***ing our channel. And then I'm going to go fight the head of a boss at any hospital. I was like, oh, you have fun now. Okay, Azzee. Sure, one of them. Go f***ing yourself. We hope you enjoyed this episode of Leave It to Azzee. Toon in next week, when you hear Azzee say f***ing of you f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing. What f***ing, 56 and 56 and 56, why the typical p***ing could be to amp you up that show. You're in T-O that right now. Anyway, horrible story. Girl raped a lot of hill school by two fourth graders, B.O says, Tuesday, we had a kid, the 14 year old kid killed by another 14 year old boy, stabbed him in the neck, cut his throat. Now, two fourth grade boys were suspended from school after a classmate since he was raped in a bathroom, and royal palm elementary and lottery hill yesterday. The 10 year old victim was taken to a sexual assault center after the attack was reported. Deputy said that we see back positive medications she was raped. The two boys ages 11 and 12 and turn over to juvenile authorities. Each was charged with sexual battery of a child and loon in the civilized exhibition. The assaults were reported to police after girl told a friend who told a teacher who reported to authorities. Both boys confessed. Friday night. Yeah. Yeah. Turn over to Robert Klopp, and you'll take care of him. You'll kick their ass, man. Oh, that's good. Let me back. Whenever the law has any state or broken, a newly authorized organization swings into action. It may be called the state police, state troopers, militia, the Rangers, or the Highway Patrol. These are the stories of the man whose training skill and courage have enforced and preserved our state law. Oh, right there. Oh, right there. What's wrong with that? Oh, we already did this, but I was right. Demis de Pinosari. Don't be. Yeah, where, where. Yeah, look at this. She said you want to smoke a big fan. Got it? No. The MSquaw. Dude. Oh, how do you do, Charlie? Yeah. You're a big fan. Yeah. Got it? No. The MSquaw. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. You're alive. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. He's your publicis in Dick and Dickmane, go take a bath. How to good line for that, but Michael Paul might be listening. Anyway, this was not too bad. How in the hell we got started with Doug McLean of Virginia. I got a bug up on my side of this thing. The driving show and the people time for a got was on. Oh, that's right. See how it all, like a big Jaina, oh, we don't have time to anything else. That's time for a got us. Yeah, that's right. Well, that's really good news. Good news for us and the bad news for you if you don't make that deal with the, if Santine, it'll make that deal with the old man. Anyway, here's the appell result. But I like most about NeoRangers.com, our fabulous website. 659 votes. So let's see, 659 and 284 is what? 980 something. 43. Not too bad. Not a thousand, but we can't do that every day because finally everybody's seen that booby enough. They got the booby prize and us, because starting to sag a little bit. The both of pictures and the stories, 5578. Listening to the show online, 148. Thanks. Thank God for them. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.