I'll Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona and Georgia and New Mexico We're gonna California and Texas and New York We're gonna South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan and then we're gonna Washington and you see to take back the white house Such pastime at least Let me run my fingers through your thick ubiquity I slept again. So I brought this show here. It was really nice here, Gellie Really nice Welcome Now come a little closer so I can give you a kiss Okay, no What did I make my nose for? You're walking over the middle of my dream about Mary Hut like that's what Oh, that's not I ain't gonna tell you who's in the other room might be on the show Martin and millions Why are you dying? I'm 14 The who's out there? Joe name it Broadway Joe Will get a mini Hey, money Joe I'm 24 I Hi Hey Hi I got some coffee for you, Kelly Oh, the here Joe you want to come? I don't care about Coffee I want a kiss You don't know wait a minute you got it all wrong I'm not I take two bras in a tent Wait a minute Oh His Oh I'm sorry Yeah, you got the with little duck Yeah, I can no longer please 10 0 2 at 5 16 WQM. Can I talk it all today? I mean, oh, what am I doing here? I don't know. I don't feel so bad earning a check I can't you can you could be sitting here. I'm still running the check That's let's give it a try So here's some more excuses about why the rating sucked for QAM They didn't suck I mean, you know, they were not made voters some of us made I'm just thinking for the first time and How long so little Maddie bell comes in until this is because of the no call deal that they have now for telemarketers That arbitron can't call that I guess they had a big to do an LA with their book tune was all screwed up like ours and I guess a lot of others too So if people who are chosen the fill out the diaries don't return them. It used to be they would call them Does a reminder and please, you know sending your diaries and that's what we said you please, you know Right right we're not telling people to lie or to follow you But if you're if you're listen to us Please, you know, fill out the diaries send it back. I mean, they're painting like a buck or two whatever Is fill it out honestly right well clearly right Insundered and be very loyal to us in the send it in because the ethnic people for whatever reason I guess they can use the five bucks see I know the sounds like discrimination in reverse, but ethnic minorities they get five bucks per diaries and that ain't right and White folks we get like is it a buck or two? Us white folks That's right me white folks and you uh Indian folk you Arab folks right and we folks us a faric folk So at any rate folk them that's what I would say about on us. So it was a little bit screwed up. Mo did pretty good That I'd tip my a little tip of the awake tomorrow For run the spicks voting for him. It was all the codgers Is that what it was? Well actually we did fine except 35 to 54 year old men Which is usually one of our right or a strong the older Delo right wow would say 35 to 54 it's younger than me older than the 18 to 34 We're 18 to 49 we were number one right we're number one, okay There you go and pick me up with a side to two feet No, seriously 18 to 49 men we did fine. I don't want to have to rationalize all of this the audience don't want to hear the scrap They want to hear That stuff about how are Dean crazy person We'll take the pull on that at 11 o'clock you got an earlier pull that you inspired me on yesterday Better put that up right away. Here's the if your result. I can't talk you do in fine I'm just telling you I can't talk I understand you you don't get it turn the microphone up a little louder It's almost all the way up What's your take on marriage George one and we asked in of course you know why he's taken that don't we? Only good if you're really in love Yeah, 46 346 said if you're in love Oh, and active insanity 195 one I voted on that from the house It's for suckers 173 It's a wonderful institution 118 It's necessary for having children one-o-four. Well somebody better tell David Letterman that Right and all these other old parts that are making babies without getting married right right It's not necessarily for making babies Oh, yeah, it is piece of paper and then you can bang your brains out and for straight couples only 67 out of 999 votes. I better find let it go for like just a half a second here. You go for a thousand Huh, I bet you're right now. It's gonna go up to a thousand. I just refreshed it and it's 1,000 one there you go. So 6.7% of the audience said it's for straight couples only and that inspired me for days first pull Okay, by the way carries way ahead Massachusetts. How do you like that? Yeah, 10 points up What somebody doesn't like it Oh, it is a Howard. I guess it's that name. I think so. It's jinxed the name is jinxed if his name was like Jimmy Dean Raging is Dean or Timmy Dean, but Howard D Here's the first pull people who oppose game marriage are Correct stupid old fashion Digits or Republicans That's the little redundant there aren't you no well, I mean there's some over there Then Republicans that there's some overlap there could be a few Republicans who aren't big So Peter world got his ass kicked by Darcy Horticach last night. That was a hell of a game. I didn't go. I went Monday Pretty poultry crowds man and they're given away. I don't want to lecture the Panther organization, but I will anyway It's like Kathy will have used to say in screw-ins is the same thing when you give it away too much then nobody's ever gonna pay for it And it's the same thing with tickets to sporting events two for one ten for one here's all but I and I understand You try to get some asses in the seats and I can look less embarrassing But when you give it away it's pretty hard to get paid plus Monday night What are you what are you smoking about? Doesn't screw in yeah, wow, who's you giving it away to now now Any moment anybody with a penis So anyway, what was I saying before we got all whipped up about screw-in organizations giving tickets away? That right before you go like to Miami subs and you buy like a part-true-june pair of tree you get two free tickets Just so they're when you see the it's poultry crowds in there especially last night for Kera I mean I'll hold them up the January to give them like two for one deals Now first of all, it means they're losing a crap load of money which we already know Secondly the season ticket orders a lot of them and I really saw about 20 people that have ever seen before my life on Out of about maybe 10-12 thousand there on Monday night and I'm exaggerating maybe 20 people That I ever saw before and all of the people in my section that came and said hi had one thing to say well many things But they're not happy and When people are paying through the nose for tickets and they look around and see a lot of other people are getting seats for free And they're paying six grand a year for season ticket orders They're getting really pissed off and I realized the season ticket orders are getting all these Prebies in a mail, but that's not the point That isn't the point if you go into restaurant you order a nice steak dinner and you pay well 40 bucks for dinner Mm-hmm and there's two people across the way who are getting the same exact thing for free and they're not in radio Then you're gonna have a hard to be forced off there and radio they're probably eating for free right like for ROW that I got some for a way for all did the crappy in this book Right very even in the young demos he did crap Okay, huh. Well, I let's look you want to look because we have the R by hour and mobile them You look and read it to me. So you want to think about me as I don't I don't lie about the numbers unlike some people 18 to 34 men you want to hear I know that's boring. No, that's it. Is it? Yeah five to six a.m. I'm always got a 49 Then he's got a three four for well and then he's got a two nine not too good I for else got a two eight the two six Then we got six two seven four five two and five point oh To and mean yeah, and you go on and that should have been his demo right correct So it's fight about the audiences always told us about all they love for railing He was so great they want to back where where was where is the beef you know what I mean? Where is it where's the meat right and you're bigoted to ask once to blame the specs? What's he what's his excuse for not doing well in specs specs? They didn't like him either why not? Well, they threw up sell you cruise They did he did you said he didn't like him something like that You know what else he said about senior cruise You said that to So there's our first poll today the second poll we're gonna take on him What now did you how how much have you discussed that last two days? We discussed it yesterday I know you'll made me aware of it. We had the drop in you made you aware of it that we had the drop in me He made you aware of light and see it yeah Initially and seen it since a lot You know how many times an hour are they showing that? I still don't care on even on the food channel. They're showing it so he's getting into the pharmaceutical cabinet I still I well that's one of my choices I'm gonna take the second poll now Who just killed the first hour with this other one there's nothing to discuss Second poll what's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech In Iowa I've got five choices for you He's lost it. I'm still for me was just rallying his troops. I never liked him anyhow the doctor is self-medicating too much or I'm glad we found out about him now You know, I mean yeah before it's too late before we had the finger on the button I'm going to go to get his way. He's just a little bit too volatile Pretty nice in public. It's just a beat Right So that won't put that up at 11 o'clock and then you can catch your vote and we'll see if he's dropping his butt because we you know We got a very protein audience out there. We took that poll just on Monday as quinsons would have it poor your pull of it for an Iowa And if you thought he dropped fast in Iowa you ain't seen nothing yet I'll get the Boston Harold I got this the latest poll Curies 10 points ahead already. Yeah, and we got almost a week to go. We got till Tuesday Well you'll never catch him screaming or speaking out for curie. Yeah, you might go Hey, listen, don't knock the old man. Okay Hey, whatever. We'll take it. That's what Moses Served up. We'll take it 11 past 10 at the QAM Oh, I forgot we're doing yeah George Are you in the market for a mortgage who've been taking it? No that time to refinance your home if you want a great rate of 3.95 Percent and pick up that phone and call financial group 809 40 L E N D there's a mortgage program out there 3.95 Percent is available for the refinancing or the purchasing of your home call financial group 809 40 L E N D you know every month millions of people are buying homes refinancing homes with this program and it's available to you Just by call an financial group at 800 nine 40 53 63 the bigger the mortgage the bigger you're saving Paying a higher rate for your mortgage someplace else cost you thousands of dollars each year So increase your cash flow by cutting down that mortgage payment call financial group and put your financing in the best possible position By getting yourself a 3.95% mortgage this program can really save you thousands of dollars each year Don't wait calm today financial group 800 940 L E N D that's 899 40 53 63 Equal housing lender credit restrictions dual ply and rates are subject to change without notice But oh Port with exact and ABC's cost effective programming who are on a mission to impress themselves and then With and the bell of the new reality show that's even better than Trista and Ryan's wedding Coming soon today, BC so liberty slap down each week a difference celebrity will be locked in a room and slap the Round starting with Bill O'Reilly are you ready Bill? Sure. I'm a pretty tough guy at home. I grew up in Levittown a branch of the service. We're here. Well, I say answer the question What he got out You would authority on anything cowboy boys You shouldn't run out of form favor and assistant Don't wish celebrity slap down for marrying during the next post-pulvin of NYPD blue The only hit we have 10 17 at five 60 WQM. I'm sorry that I can speak today. I feel pretty good by just can't talk That's the way goes. I'll do the best I can. I'm closing up real tight to the mic Okay, like I almost got in my mouth And anyway the first poll today. I don't even know whether we should bother with the first one because Eric slept in this morning It's a good thing that I asked you that question about what they're supposed to be waiting for or I didn't say that to that like what the F is he doing what the few cuz he do it up there in Orlando that lazy fat slob. I didn't say that did I Not as easy to do with such a great job for us. Yes, indeed and by the way the thing that you've asked me yesterday Or email me about yesterday Eric. I'm well aware of that, but it ain't working yet But I guess he's working on it too in between that's we know he's got a lot of fish to fry and He's got a lot of cash him and the misses go up. Yeah, they go a poll on it In the backyard. Yeah, they're pulling it in the backyard for them big catfish. You ever had catfish? Yeah, oh Thought of bottom feeders, you know right? Trace. Trace absolutely So the first poll is going up there. I don't even know whether we should bother with it. Yeah, well, he's probably worked well We'll do it for till 11 because the main thing we want to find out about is what's you take on that? The top financial officer they Cleveland Catholic Dysus is warm church leaders to expect shocking numbers When local figures are released as part of a nationwide report on the extended cost of child sexual abuse. How do you like that? The findings from the past 52 years are contained in the survey of the 190 US Dysus conducted by the John Jay College of Criminal Justice The results of the survey commissioned by the nation's bishops are scheduled to be announced February 27 market on your calendar Many bishops around the country already publicly disclose the findings for their Dysus and Bishop Anthony Pila Oh, is he akin to Pilar on passions? Subbet is it. Oh, come on, Meho is expected to provide your fans look at the Cleveland Dysus numbers. No, I'm sorry It's bad. In other words. It's really bad. Meho shocking meho Let's see what can I give away about the oh, yeah, charity hops in bed with a Reese with a new bucked up punk race And then today's passion and Miguel walks in and goes Just like that when he sees the two of them in bed in the sack. Oh, let's spread it around a little bit same Paul rabbi And temple suit for alleged sexual exploitation a girl like that. Yeah, you know what the rabbi said boy a former female female female member The temple of Aaron in St Paul charge yesterday a lawsuit that rabbi Jonathan Ginsburg what kind of a Jewish name is Jonathan They're biblical I don't know no Jews name Jonathan Anyway, she said that rabbi Jonathan Ginsburg. I wonder if he's akin to Arne Ginsburg Especially exploited or by counselor her for more than two years the make-a-world woman alleges the Ginsburg news She was emotionally vulnerable because he learned while counseling her that she was recently divorced and been sexually and emotionally abused in the past Philip Vellam her attorney said she's been extremely traumatized by Ginsburg's conduct and feels that temple officials Did virtually nothing when she complained to them See, I'm thinking if I talk to whole four hours. Oh, that tomorrow you'll be doing the show again. No, I got nothing there There's nothing there See what I'm saying no I'm telling you oh there the the pull is up Eric finally drag this fat ass out of the sack See when you're really fat you like to like lie in the corner and sleep a lot You're like a beer like the hibernate People who oppose gay marriage are let's see let me cast my vote. I voted What for Republicans no bigots? Okay, I just cast my vote. That's what I voted 8 so 8 stupid 7 bigots three Republicans to say correct and two old fashion of the first 22 votes You only got to love it a clock to vote on that so you better hop on it right away speaking. I'm hopping on it two things Why that doll oh yeah Thanks to one of our good friends. I don't want to say his name on a year who gave this to me because he's a you know a sponsor Okay, I don't think it would be hard for him to get involved politically, okay? Because even right wing assholes have to lose weight although It's the president George W. Bush talking action figure and you don't even have to take it out of its lovely box You just press it under the American flag lapel thing there. Yeah, the little up in and you press it where the heart should be To Oh, believe me we ain't got a prayer Cross people probably wondering what I thought it was did the union speech the other night and I watched it for about Seconds and I was it I wouldn't watch it. I was watching hockey As watching to make believes something important more important to me than watching his crap Damn straight I did watch the democratic response so all of it afterward. I thought it was excellent Credit would deny what's your name an anti-policy see and Tom Vassil who actually was very good Which is a private theorem he can be very good if it's scripted and he's you know kind of low key He doesn't get carried away time dash Man admit stuffing shrimp in the pants. I read that you already had this Yeah, I'll read it again because you know when you're on right? A manfully the guilty retail theft for allegedly stuffing $73 worth of shrimp down his pants at a grocery store This is Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, oh holy town of and then fleeing from the store without paying he stuffed the shrimp into his pantalomies Johnny Rodriguez all 48 A Bethlehem township pleaded guilty yesterday in the case North Anton County judge F. P. Kimberly McFadden deferred sensing According to records Rodriguez was in the heights market October 12 when a worker allegedly noticed that he had his pants on done and was sticking items down his pants Maybe he was just readjusting his private Right, maybe you just check and see if it was all still there The worker approach Rodriguez who began moving bags of shrimp from his pants sounds fishy to me But when ordered a stator who until police arrived he fled Core record said a 30 city made off with four bags of shrimp Police said Rodriguez been convicted of retail theft three times. He likes stuff and stuff in his pants. Who doesn't? It depends on what it is So let's see I was about to say that the lovely Katrina's lost 18 pounds of balance for life and She's she really is the nicest person in this building invention love your Katrina you're the best and she brought me a big tool Your bottle take me to your leader of lime died coat. You'll have to tell me how it is you haven't had it yet Not already have some dear brought some of this to the trip. Oh, I got to tell you a great fat rich story. Okay. It'll make you pee in your pants So two is the morning. I'm sitting on the throne and I got the bad cold and I do want the audience to know if this is a sick building and somebody should call OSHA and complain Again, and seriously, you know, it's true. You have you witnessed that I'm sitting in here on your Monday One to two hour right right off the bat. I'm sitting in all of a semi fee You can feel the germs and that was the day after it rained and the The entire other room was leaking out in the hallway and water was dripping down all the mildew and crud in here Oh, it was going to be a hard time. I thought like it was back in an apartment and Amsterdam Well, I'm not I'm smart. I'm not here most of the time, but I am getting infected. I'm fine And that's why Mo has been sick a lot lately and guilty in the Humper and me and you and everybody because it's a sick building So anyway, I wake up Tuesday and I've got the you know because it was the hockey game Monday That which didn't help because it's really cold in area But it was here that made me sick and I'm I'm thrown I know I'm gonna call I don't have your number because I got it up all my numbers up in Toronto So I figure I'll call muff at home our program our water operations manager and I'll tell my incoming Because I got a bad cold. I got a sore throat. I can't talk so I'm sitting there contemplating This and the phone rings and I thought to myself who the few could call me at 720 in a morning Right, it's fat rich and he says you want to go to night Do I want to go to not now listen listen to me? Here's the best part of the story I said to him what day is it? I said it's Tuesday rich. Oh, yeah, but they raised five nights a week I said Monday Wednesday Even you know this from the copy right Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Oh Jesus Yeah, you know You know what I'm saying he was probably calling you from bed. You remember that movie the magnificent obsession Yeah, I mean I enjoy the track I'm driving with rich Derek all of that, but I want to say this You know fat rich reminds me of my mother right and And you know and I'm not feeling well like great which I didn't bother telling that But they don't race on Tuesday. I mean they're final casting that we want to go for that of course not I wanted to say That that's what I'm on this to make advanced plans. I had a sore throat. I would have just responded by saying You're crazy person just leave me alone already with your freaking track You got a phone by the toilet there. No in my bedroom. I see no I had to do Oh and guess what they're showing now on the local news on channel 4 I'll give you a clue duty They showed poop they showed poop on the news They're doing a story about this guy this scumbag that left the two Oh, yeah, right kids and a motor over and over again to show that the guy with a caveman insert a rest warrant and his whole wife Yeah, and and and and the woman he was with by the way wasn't his wife that makes us all Whatever yeah, they prostitute so they so they showed In they were describing and great detail how the kids were left in soil underpants and they showed in the car There was a what do you call those little things car seat? No not a car seat. Maybe it was a car seat a kid get a little baby car seat And they showed the car seat with poop on it And I thought to myself you know we can't say crap in America because the FCC Because colon policy is an asshole and the right wingers are all uptight and they want us to say asshole on here But now they're showing crap on here we can say colon we can show it to you But we can't say it right so For all you horny guys out there the good news is we can't save a jina on here But on the news tonight we're gonna see some oh and whose speaking of Dan Rathers knows Yeah, so you see he had the the basal cell car Sonoma removed or whatever it is The skin can't say from his right any made a big deal out of that on air well last night They do a segment in the end of the CBS evening news about you know about Give heart another Ed musky about politicians who have cried in public And I thought to myself then I mean Dan you demand and I thought At least for a sense of humor put that on the earthy end They didn't do it they could have they should have and it has no you I guess you don't watch him no, but since he had Sometimes since he had the snott pulled off the end of his nose He it looks like somebody's put a condom on the end of his own It look it all kind of nose Dan Not that I want to condemn a condom a Dan. I'll say 25 say people will post game manager Brighets 12 say you're stupid 10 say you're correct. That's right 15% say you're correct As the president said the other night if we have to have a constitution on whatever it takes to keep them fags apart Old fashion 10 and Republicans 10 10 27 at 5.60 QAM What happened there Where well we're having we're sure having problems here today. You know what you want to know what happened? I don't know somehow and don't ask me how that's a that I don't the audition I just want to Screen silica gets will play them the next break you want here that packs in the song anyway, do you? There's a packs in song oh That packs in song don't you remember gonna work for packs sure? Well, we don't have time for that anymore. Okay, so it's always an act of God that did that just now We're a little out of a sorts here today and let me say one more thing about that the book I could say several more things 18 to 34 WCM Q FM the Saul sustain I guess it is see I didn't do squad No, that's hope we didn't great right but 35 up so all the older and of course 36 is hardly old Especially when you're old for like me, but the 35 once you get to be 36 All the Hispanic men are turning on Returning on each other Which is why they like see that Kusomuch because she they know he she had a gigantic one. Oh It's humongous. You're yeah. Oh, oh Man, this is it. These to think it was the banana that used to be on Carmen Miranda's head, but it anyway So is anybody believe in that? No, so kid curry. I don't want to say he overreacted there down the hall of power 96 But you were telling me we do it like him a lot. He's a good guy, but when a ratings came out Kid's Kirby gets on the inner calm on a P in a building all power 96 employees immediately report to you For a big branding or what they don't have an program meet and you could hear from inside the room They're all going like that. Yeah, I keep listening to that and of course we've seen it 4,000 times this week already like they're just desperate to bury him and maybe it's a good idea But what would he have done if he would a one? He came in a disappointing week third. What is screamed? But well, no, seriously I mean if he went like that coming in third Yeah, and just disappointing and just fading like a like a Puker in the stretch of the track. Hey, by the way, where's let's go to the track? Seriously, the more I think about that story. This isn't that just amazing to you He's calling me to go to the track way to Monday when they're not even running He's trying to make plans What's to arrange that bread cut the crack rich Pats and TV founder the very religious World Bud Pats and real asshole is tossing a son out of his house is the New York post Pats and his TV network is all about family friendly fear Has five lawsuit against 38-year-old Devon Pax and that is wife to force them to sell the house Father and son bought joyly for $2.3 million in 2000 This would force the couple and Paxons grand children out of the house of which but on 59% and 41% or maybe you can live like in two-fist of the house The back room right the back room According to reports the movie was intended to force Devon to pony up roughly a million dollars that he was daddy well daddy come on You're putting all that good family first supposed to be with family man on their daddy and you still all been that money from 1973 and Sarah Soty We're gonna pony that up now Fony bastard Carrie storms ahead of the granted state in New Hampshire The base-state senator ruled past longtime firmware and are Howard Dean by a gaping 31 to 21% in the new pool came out last night in the Boston hero 31 to 21% Week or so ago, I mean it was down a little bit, but Dean was ahead of Clark by like 20 points right one point. He was like how many points ahead? About 30 me way ahead in New Hampshire, but following that tobacco and Iowa Dean is dropping like a rock in the granite state like a Hunter and it A general Wesley Clark was been closing in on D. Well, the rest of Democratic pack was battling in Iowa Slip back in a third place with 16 he was doing 20% in the pool just before this one now he's 16 you follow me. Yes So he's in third John Edwards in fourth place. He was only a 5% last week. He's up to 11% now in climbing Hey, you know something he may be a little bit of a drawer, but he might be the guy He might be I was thinking that and you know And it's the important thing is and people are gonna say well, you know you you're a phone You jumped off that Dean van Wagon the fact that matter is he can't win now I don't know if he could have won before I was hoping but he can't win now know how not no way Yeah, you are you crazy Maybe are you off your rocker? You need to start self-medicated Okay a lot more I'm golden right now. But you are call your friend So anyway, Edwards is a guy in fourth place who else nobody else has got anything really counts Poor Dennis Cassinu. See the guy that most makes the most sense and really tells the like it is he even got a challenge Can't know bad hairpiece and teeth and bad teeth and about two feet tall That's what many bell was bitching about before he said all a short people get stepped on and I did I step right on Oh June, Lieberman right away is I got 4% Cassinu 2% Al sharpness than one because no hamps You don't have too many shfarts Like I want right so sharpness waiting for like South Carolina nothing gonna be finer than a shfarts in South Carolina Because there's a lot of dark folks down here right right how about not Carolina? Yes, not as much as South Carolina. Just keep them in their places in it Better about that aerial sharon maybe make face and detonating bribery case. Oh, that was a great piece of news WQAM Yes, sir I Think carry and Bob Graham is VP Pop your back in fact Bob Graham was on last night with Wolf Blitz Creek or somebody and He asked him right out if he would take the VP thing and he said that whatever whatever They asked him do to help the country he would do it He said No, I think that way because he could win Florida Bob Graham is the most popular politician in the history of Florida right and Florida It's gonna be pivotal and we need to win by more than 5,000 votes because they got the rest of its fixed Yeah, I think we did carry and Graham don't you think that's a good type of it Well, and I will say yeah, you know, I probably shouldn't say this because it sounds like a Fony thing, but it is true before we even really knew who Howardine was who is my first choice Howardine no John Kerry. Oh way way back when like last year Yeah, I like Edwards better than Kerry younger right for a lot of looking He didn't do anything for me The less no he's got it. Yeah. He looks a little under the age of 100 although Kerry looks like I said presidentially looks like he's already guys. He looks like his face is already aged on Mount Rushmore And that's what the this was it's that's all right that's what the dolphins need to do is rush more Come on Ricky give her that haircut I'm gonna start listening to crush me It's not we need to listen to Rush less especially the your people QAM Yes, sir What do you say Ariel Shuro needs to just die oh well He will someday and his really core charge the real estate developer yesterday with pain more than a half a million dollars and Brives to Ariel Shuro and a case that could force the Prime Minister to step aside All right, thank God for the future of the human race But then he'll have lots of time to eat crap, you know Eat deli while Shuro is not in charge yet just as ministry officials say they're considering whether to indict the Israeli leader The officials say that a citizen expected the coming weeks or months his spokesman Asaf Shariv would not come out in the case except to say I can guarantee they will not be an indictment I mean the fixes in he said I can guarantee it How do you like that sounds like a funny deal to me? But that's good news because if we can get him in error far both out of there maybe they can just go they can go with Wesley Clark to the deli then Where the rascal house, huh? That's not where I want to send them and just eat a lot of deli keep them out of our hair keep them out you know out of the future of the human race But away all of this stuff about Mars What's gonna happen because it's pretty obvious now that there was once water on Mars is very little they have ice caps Pull the rice cap I said there was once where there's water there's life, right? Okay, and what is active to the religious assholes shut up and the fact that they keep talking even So about things that happened billions of years ago in a right no, I see it's right carbon dating It's a or left me the centanic ploss a tannic fun How can the Bible be right? 5,000,000 years all that crap that's when God created I mean anybody a thinking person who can still believe that crop a crap Crowds A Satan Yeah The scientists that's all I say to the religious folks up In fact, and I'm seeing more and more than signs now And you know how did you see all the protesters against Bush yesterday? Yeah, and the scientists that Bush are go to Mars right? Loved it. We'll pack a mess alami sandwich sounds good to me Now let's see if we can do this break and come back out of it and do all of the stuff right you want to try it We can try 1041 at 560 QA if you're in a really crappy dead end job You can do something about it. New years resolution don't happen. I like by automation You have to do something though. You have to get off your ass and make a phone call to put plans in action That's all you have to do those make that one easy call to fast train toll free 1 866 fast train classes are underway right now as I speak if you're committed and dedicated past-ranking up and becoming a certified computer Professional in just 4 short months. That's right. Kitchewa new high-pank career in just four short months the demand for certified computer professionals right now is at an all-time high And fast train offers your convenient day eating a weekend classes to job placement as systems financial aid for guys who qualify So if you're trying to work in for a schmuck if you've had a work in for minimum wage If you liked have a decent paycheck and a good life that goes along with a cough fast train today and change your life for the better call 1 866 fast train check them out on the web first at fast train dot com But whatever you do hop on that train of opportunity and make that call today. Be sure to tell me the old Todd Drek That's with a big D totally to call 1 866 fast train My And whoa this is for 205 16 And North Dakota and New Mexico we're gonna California and Texas in New York We're gonna South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan and then we're gonna Washington and you see to take back the way down Absolutely Hmm Oh So down the field feet dirt bag He was hiding in the ground and unlike his chemical weapons He has finally been found Now we'll interrogate him Find out everything he knows When we have all that we want Back into the ground he goes On one fine Iraqi eat soldiers came to stay Sit down with your breath so bad Regards from George Bush and his dad Now that he's in the jail cell It's a merry Christmas scene For every person on earth Unless your name is Howard Dean What's that? We're having all kinds of problems today You notice I like it what was that? It was It was But we didn't want that right there. I don't know what's going on here Anyway, here's a fact that says Neil I'd like to watch most of the court shows on TV like Judge Mathis and the others You know who I've been watching this week while I'm in home sick judge Judy. Yeah I was hoping that you saw a show I want to show us yesterday that I happened to catch made me want to scream She was ripping this guy that talking in the theater guy Did you happen to see that one? No and the woman spilled the coke on his head Oh yeah, I didn't see that it was great. Yeah, it's turned into a pure comedy show I was looking for the pot of the pot Yeah, but she's right Yeah, so he don't take any crap. Oh anybody Everybody's an asshole and she's got a good point I'll always she might be an asshole too, but she's got a robot Right Anyway, it says one thing I've noticed Neil is that when a judge is black and the bailiff is white When the judge is white you guessed it to bailiff be black. Can you tell me why? Well, it's like 50 50 balance ticket. Right. We have a balance ticket. Right? Right? If he runs that would be with that being unbalanced ticket Yeah An unbalanced ticket. Dean would just about anybody 160 votes on poll number one. This is just a warm up. Again, Eric of Apologize is just sleeping in again And he wishes you just you know would forgive him. Can we forgive him? I don't know for this. Don't do it again, Fatso People who oppose game marriage are bigots. How many votes we got? 163 56 eight bigots 29 say correct that 17.7% of you. That's the bush crowd. There's our 17 18% again. The bush people we could have put another one on there Uh, stupid 28 old fashioned 25 and Republicans 25. What would be the other one? No z busy bodies or they have no life right right to you. Why should anybody care? Well, because the institutions are right. What do you say? They got the good institution of marriage where everybody is divorced anyway. Report finds internet voting system is vulnerable. But before I get into that, see the thing with Howard Dean. Didn't I tell you before that incident? Who was self-employing? Yes. And then I ripped him and asked for that. The last two debates his performance was deplorable. It was unacceptable. That's when he started losing it. That was just a frost. That's when he sealed his own confoy. Did that routine? Yeah. I would be to pick up on it and just the way they keep doing it over and over again. Next thing nauseous. There were lentless bastards. Right? Roughly. Who would do such a thing? Bancers. Like me. But uh, you know, he, he, he, when he tried to ask somebody in the audience a question, when it was supposed to ask each other a question, Mm-hmm. And he wouldn't answer or then the one where he was asked to think by Al Sharpton about how many minorities he had in his cabinet. And then the next day his, his people come on and say he wasn't prepared for the question. It was the black and brown debate. It was about race. It was about the people that all listened to WQAM. It was about the minority people. So I, I told you then that he was just exploding. Improvalent. Oh well. Why, I know you liked them a lot. I, I, I, I, I did not like that. I did not like that to once it and I don't. I don't. I think he's in sincere. I think he's just, you know. He, he's just manufactured. Oh well, with Carrie, what you see is what you get. Oh, yeah. Well, he looks presidential. In fact, doesn't just about anybody compared to what we got. Look presidential. I did turn it on like I said Tuesday for about 30 minutes. Seconds. And in fact, there was the part where Ted Kennedy was in the audience. She is. I love that. That would so great. And, and I thought to myself, what, what is wrong with people? You just look at him and he looks, he looks like after a new man's bad day. He looks like a moron. Right. Well, now I take that back. He is a moron and he looks like it. Right. He looks apart. And so when Paul O'Neill, not the guy to play for the Yankees, when Paul O'Neill wrote that book and said all of those things. And a public still doesn't want to believe it. And now he's talking about not finding weapons of mass destruction, but weapons of mass destruction programs. Right. That's what he's talking about. The whole guy had a grandma over here and it was a diagram. It didn't have nothing, but they were thinking about it. It was a useless, right. And everybody gets up when he does the thing with saw. I saw that. That was the one second I saw, including Hillary Clinton. That bitch made me sick. That piss me off. She didn't have the balls to sit down. On him. Yeah. I can't stand her. Really? She's the gal. She's the one. I know. I can't stand her. I don't know what it is. I don't either. I think the only attraction is her last name is Clinton and the tankels. No, not seriously. I think it's the Clinton factor. America really would love to have Bubba back in. And this is the closest we can come except maybe Chelsea. And she's a little bit too ugly even for this crowd. Yeah. A little too young, a little bit too eugly. She's growtisk. Okay, here's, let's get that other pull up there in a couple of minutes. We will. Because that's what I want to hear from today. I want to hear all about the, because we got all them Dean people out there. Yeah. I want to hear the panther people calling and all three of them saying how they're pissed off of the giveaway all in free tickets. And plus you don't know who any of the players are. You don't know who the, I know about six players on a team. By the way, Bobby Longo is God. I just mentioned that in passing. He's unbelievable. I kid. He's the whole team. He's it. And you got about four or five other guys. I know who they are. Another net. Who are these people? Stevie Wyses great. Love you, Stevie. But that's about it. And only joking in with the Mohawk haircut. But nobody knows who these people are. So you take all of those things. They got a new coach every week, which they're still paying Terry Murray and my key in front of being there. And you wonder why they're losing money? And they're giving tickets away. You were there, weren't you? Where? And internet voting system developed by the Pentagon for US citizens overseas is so vulnerable to attacks that it should be scrapped for computer security experts said to be port released yesterday. But the Pentagon is standing by the system, which could get its first test, February 3rd in South Carolina's primary election. There's this. Another way they're going to fix the votes. Sure. The four computers secured to experts say the secure electronic registration and voting experiment or serve could be penetrated by hackers of good change votes or gather information about users. They said the system should be scrapped. Internet voting presents far too many opportunities for hackers or even terrorists to interfere with foreign academic voting potentially in ways possible to detect the computer experts said this statement. Such tamper could auto-relation results particularly in close contests. And Republicans said, Great, where do we get on this? Yeah, how do we get in on it? Defense department spokesman Glenn Fledz said the Pentagon was confident the system secured right. We believe him? No, no. Why would they launch enough to make your screen? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. What's your take on all these things? Especially Howard Dean. That's going to be our second poll. What's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech in Iowa? He's lost it. I'm still for him. He was just rallying his troops. Is it warm in here or is it me? It seems like a... I keep telling my jacket off and putting it back on like a sun in. Here's like a steam bat. I think it's the mold in Milbu. I never liked him anyhow. The doctor is self-medicating too much or I'm glad we found out about now. It wasn't going to be your five great choices on poll number two. WQAM. Yes sir. Good morning. I'll be before I can talk to you on the Toronto star. I only have a chance to read that. Yeah, I got it right here. Okay. What do you think about that? Because you know, I find some people outside of the United States don't have any problems actually telling me like it is. The Canadian media have been right on top of it. They've been written bush and ass The headline is bush act starts to wear thin. It's by Harwin Settikki. Who writes a lot of good comms in the star. By the way, it's very good. That is correct. Okay. I just wanted to have a chapter read that. Thank you. I see at the border. All right. Bring your schmata. Five six up. What? What do you look at like that? Which brand is schmata? Whatever schmata is wearing. Okay. You got to have the right head gear to get in though. People who oppose game marriage are... What have we got? 184 votes. We're cutting this off after the break. Then we'll put the good one on there. And we can sink our teeth into it and we'll go. We're about your time. Let me say it again. The media are relentless. There are a bunch of backstages they keep embarrassing Dr. Dean over and over again and frost my hand. We're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico. We're going to California and Texas and New York. We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan. And then we're going to Washington and you see it and take back the white house. The party I like the best because the audio is fun. But when you see the video and you see the veins popping in his head and his neck, that's the best part. Yeah. Firstly, when he goes... Like that. I thought he was going to pop up. Big one. Anyway, we'll get to that after the break. And I guess we've faked it to the first hour or cakes up for all the technical... I'm just... I'm out of it. I'm out of it. I'm heavily medicated like Dr. Dean. I should be heavily. Oh, I got his cough drops. Yeah. I'm going to take it. Just start off with a syrup. Cough drops. I'm cough drop. I'm saying I can get my hands on. 10.56 at 5.60. QAM. My head is local. This is 5.60. The ring is on your nose. QAM! Now my little brother, Hummatala, to you, jerk. Come on, listen, baguette. I'm cruising down. I'm just hanging a rock. I got my whip. Not boots. Not built. But something's not the same. How I am, my solo song. This life just ain't for me. Gonna trade Bernie's and food. Big, big, greasy, set me free. Oh, stay, brucey. I'm going down today. I hope things up my closet. And found out I was gay to find. I'm so back at get yourself a queer hope. It hurts me. Take it up your own. Back to me. Bruce, you know where we had it from. Here we go. That's the original card. I saw you, Peter. They all went back. Put it in. I got my life just a bit better. Yeah, you warmed up. Do you have what got to my wife? I just got rid of a whole bunch of flim. Oh yeah, I like yellow, no, not the lime green. The matchmack the bra and my lime diacode. I can't get through to you. How come she's so nice. There's so many assholes here. Well, that's one of those things. There are some nice people around in South Florida. Do you have to search for them? How many are there? I've heard of them. Okay, here's the final total. On the first poll. We want to get that other one up there. Right away, Anthony, go back to bed. They didn't have to do anything. 210 votes. People who oppose game marriage are big at 73. Correct. 36, 17.1% say they are. Absolutely correct. 35 stupid. 33 old fashioned and 33 said Republicans. A lot of crossover there. A lot of overlap. A lot of stupid bigoted Republicans. Why? What do you laugh at about? Nothing. Like I said, a lot of overlap. A lot of stupid bigoted Republicans. Anyway, that the CMQFM thing. We got to get some more calls. But did you talk about that at all? No. About what it is and what that they play. No. Miguel still does that to Marlowe. Okay. This is that's the problem. And that was you. George is responsible for our being number two instead of number one because you picked on the course scene that proves Western pieces. Let's go pick it on it. Yeah. Are you picking off the skins? White. Moss. Orange. Yes. Yes. You're right. She sucked. She was in embarrassment. She was like Carmen Miranda. Brudel for South Florida Cubans. Oh, so I didn't tell you on the ear what I saw yesterday. I told you before the show. I'm channel surfing at 10 o'clock yesterday. Yeah. Yes. The benefits of being sick. You get to catch all kinds of. You know what else I saw which I love. It's the prices right. Poor Bob Barker. He's he's lost it. He. Have you seen that late? Hang it up. Yeah. Try to watch it. He won game. He gained the clock game. He's 72 72 7 right. And he said higher and it was lower. And so they had to stop the clock and put Bob's brain back together. And the contestant went. Like that. Go Bob. Yeah. He during the whole show he was lost. You know, the guys got millions and how many more years does he want to work? Jesus. He wanted to die right on the ear. He will. And I'm picking up myself. He outlived Johnny Olson. Now he's outlived rod rodding. Sure. I think that's the deal. He wants to outlive all of the booth announcers on the show and the models. Oh, and Diane's Parkinson too. That bitch. Yeah. She's a little tricky. Okay. Here's the a new poll. Okay. Now I'm going to tell you right now. I'm going to vote. I don't know. There's so many good choices on here. What's there? Yeah. I'm going to vote for the bottom one. I'm glad we found out now. Right? For the sake of the union, baby. For the sake of all of us. Most of whom are you only interested in their next orgasm. Make some cash. Right? And a ball games. Other net. Who cares? Very few people care about all this other crap. See, I was thinking also that they want to sit in on the throne. You do a lot of thinking when you're sitting on the crap. We have no reading material. No question. And I was thinking about dogs because I do a lot of dogs as you know. And I was thinking about the fact that dogs don't pollute the air. Right? They don't destroy the environment. Correct? They don't kill other people. And I mean, once in a while, pit bulls, which are in bread to do that kind of thing. They're not there fault, but this not there fault, especially when they're not being supervised properly. All of these things that man has done to end me daughter. Dogs don't kill each other. They don't dogs because they're really dogs. Right? They do only positive productive things for the most part. And they crap a lot. But they can't help that either. We all do. Sometimes not my mother though. She wishes she cracked a lot. That's that's her one goal. Just before we put her in her box. If you could just have one easy, wonderful flowing. And a second fall moment. No, no seriously. You could, there a place you would go cook you lunch. For if you could just have one great bana. Not an animal. I'm talking about an animal free. Man, a muscle free. A x-lix free. Just a free flowing dump. And she would, she'd pay a lot of money for that. Old mom. That's her whole life as crap. What's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech? I wish we had more times we could have played that today. About 30 minutes. I'm glad we found out about now. We just have a smattering of oats. It just starting to formulate now. I just ate and formulate. Seven people said that. I said that. What do you say? I'm sure for me was just balling his troops. Oh, well, you know, that's true. But you see, rallying your troops is one thing. Being enthusiastic. Just saying, you know. But it just, it was so off the wall. It was just so out of the middle. Overboard, but never the last little further board. A little bit overboard. Yeah. And this, this on the heels of a lot of people saying that he's like temperamental. And say he just doesn't know how to play the game. No, that's the problem, right? But still still what? I don't want to game player for president. But even a president has got to learn how to play the game. See, I mean, you're now you've been too idealistic. If he wants to be president, well, you're living in a dream world. And in America. I'm glad we found out about him now. 12. I'm still for me was just rallying his troops 11. He's lost it eight. The doctor is self-medicating too much for. And I never liked how many, how only one. See, this audience is very protein. So it's going to be fascinating, fabulous. Dear, they're a response. What do they say yesterday? We didn't say it. But I'm not talking about a poll. You said you're talking about mentioned at no response. That's all America's talking about is. Not America here. And Shmoly Botale and Yuri Yeller. By the way, Yuri Yeller was crossing his legs and bending spoons. What did he get that thing about Michael about it? I have to take Michael in a scene. He was bending his spoon and sticking it in his spectrum. I shouldn't say that. We got that Israeli kid working in the morning on Mosho now. We got his Israeli kid. Like we needed another Jew here. Oh boy. Can you have enough? No. Can never have enough. Especially in South Florida. We're trying to like out through all you spicks. Can't do it. Last book proved that. Right on. Wait, you know something at this point. We understand what it is. Yeah. That's it. We can just always say, Oh, the methodology is flawed now. It's been alternative radio for a while. I like this whole bunch of weird diaries out there. Right. Why tell you. What's that PD that asshole who's the PD? No, you know what? We've talked about him Bob. Yeah. Vermorington Bob. Something like that. Livingston. Yeah. I don't know. Livingston Walker Jr. I don't know what his name is. I do know he's an asshole. They play crap music. They must have had a lot of wired diaries at my right. I ain't spicks. Vote for that. No. No way. Trailer trash. Spicks and Hicks. Trailer trash. Even rush. Even though he went up a little bit. Comes back after his rehab. All in pop and a moxie. Maybe. Maybe the ship went to the wrong address. Maybe Dr. Dean got. No. Maybe he got rush. Maybe Wilma sent her the good doctor. You think? That might have been it. The supporter was supposed to go to rush. Maybe he's sniffing rush. He might have been sniffing rush. He likes him. Facts. Okay. Let's see. Look at that. 21. I'm glad we found out now. See. I don't think this is going to be too positive, George. A lot of phones are able to get to the break. Could take a lot of calls on us. About a thousand. Because we want to find out now. This is important. Even if people are just worried about their next orgasm. When they're going to get laid. When they're going to get their hands on somebody or something good. And I still say Jackie Johnson looks like crap. I saw somebody yesterday speaking of Judge Judy. I remember what her name was. She was one of the, you know, combatants. She might have been one of the most beautiful females I've ever seen in my life. She made Britney Spears look like screw-in. Sorry, I missed that. Yeah, but she would be. And then she lost. Because the other chick had her boyfriend hooked up with, you know, to testify against her. Yeah. And Judge Judy looked at her and said, you mama. You know, something like that. Okay. See. Well, the Judge Judy shown out at least they're admitting that it's like the jury's finger show. The people about jury's finger think it's for real. The people watch the judge Judy can't possibly. Oh, they do that. I think it's for real. No. But she's a pit. Is real. 10 minutes. I'm enjoying her now. And I thought I realized that she's just a fun, you know, right. I'm enjoying that. She's ripping people who deserve it. And of course, she's Jewish. Oh, oh. That. If you're in a really crappy day. What did you do? You can do something about it. Oh, I got to do this spot was my say. No, I got to work. I got back. I worked. See. I was pointing at that thing on a water. Is a bug on wall. Yeah. And right away. I got all nervous. Oh, bug up my nose. I got standing. Hey, let's talk right now about the pizza log. Jeff Cohen was at the hockey game Monday night with his kids. I used to see a Jeff. He wrote this long, pondress piece of copy. It says I can remember in 1975. Stopping at the pizza log. And my way home from doing play by play for the U of M. Huracoons and thinking this place is great. And hope they make it big upstairs and such a tough location. That's back when we were on Fagdler stream. Remember that? Sure. After 27 years in a moved to Broward County, the pizza log in Jeff Cohen are still going strong. Pizza log on university drive in Davies and upgrade to say the least. Pizza log now seats 200 people, which means even on a Friday or Saturday night in West Broward, you can get a table without waiting in long lines. Even though I told Jeff to stick with one pizza log. He didn't listen to me. He like management here. It doesn't listen to me either. So we finally came to a senses. He's back at Pizza log in Davy. And there's just one pizza log to cook for. Thank God. Bad move Jeff. You can find Jeff in the pizza log kitchen every morning making all the sauces from scratch. He's scratching it and preparing all the food from the best ingredients available regardless of cost. If you're looking for the best Italian food in pizza anywhere, get over to Jeff Cohen's one-only pizza log. They're doing some atkins venue. It's about two. Some atkins items. There are on university drive and Davy between 5.95 and what is it? Griffin Road. Tell him to hook you up to us like Jeff. Remember, who wrote this? Pizza Crab. If you're too lazy to go to the pizza log, then call for delivery. They deliver a full Italian in menu along with the world's best pizza. Every day, seven days a week for lunch dinner, late night snacks. Call 9-5-4-9-1688-80. There are the pizza log plaza right beyond. Pair one imports. 9-5-4-9-1688-80 for the one and only really. Pizza log. We're supposed to be in 5-6 for you. You a-am. God. Wednesday night at 8-2 in the new Makeover show where five straight guys, Blood-Jepic, gay man, who's tired of living a well-groomed, fashion, conscious lifestyle. How many days at a row do I need to wear these days? It's straight eye for the queer guy. Join us each week as our boys attempt to teach them manly man things real men do. From the proper way to walk. You need to take bigger strides, stretch out those legs. Ouch, that hurts. To have a talk like a truck driver. Hey, truck take. Move it, or lose it. That's not top of that, right? It's straight eye for the queer guy. Wednesday night at 8-2-8. Oh, she's thinking of broken nails. Don't they have a corkscrew thing you'd open the beer can? You won't want a knife. I didn't just think it's broken. I think it's broken. I think it's broken. Look at the Phoenix 560 WCWC and we got the mad dog at you. The hump or at the 7-0 Indians at 4-7, and we're going to show up. Let's try his own other station. Perkun Hotline at 7, the big- Oh! At the Ascenior Bull at 8, he's pain is on way by the way. Any K at 10, and you'll mark overnight. Well, we gotta say that a lot because he wants you know, brownie points. He's a brownie hound and he wants brownie points for pain is on way. To the senior bull. Okay. Anyone want to know why? Why? Because he's an overgrown child. And anyway, men 25-54 is spanic before we get back to Dr. Dean and all those things. WCMQFM in midday 10-3. 12.6 year. Number one by so far they're down and rodent. They're long gone around the corner. Right. WQAM. We used to have that big-spic audience. What happened to him? They hate me now. Or maybe they just hate you. Maybe they hate both of us. Or tied with power for number 12. In men 25-54 his spanic goes to be getting raised. Power ended. We got a 2-6, 2.6 year. That's terrible. Yes. So in other words, if you take the spic in the spooks, that I mean the sposinish goes out of there. We do great. I mean even a dark folks, we did a 3.1. That's not great, but that's number eight. In like men 25-54. They're pretty with hot and EDR and men in black. Which is their three-state, more power to them. That's their crap. They're hip hoppin' on it. So we did not great with them, but buddy, Hispanic men. I think you lost a man when you started turning on Alien and then the Celia Cruisling. What was the demarcation 39? That put us stake in our hearts. This is 29-54. No, I know, but when you look at the yard, it's not 54. Well, 36 is not all Mr. Especially when you get to be in an old fart like me and you. Yeah. No cat, XSL, Poppel, and your toilet. Something like that. How does that go? I was pretty close, wasn't it? That was very, that was the right order. I don't know what they talk about. Yeah. Pocress and Dupe. Dean, it played at so many times they know what by heart. Just like, kind of balanced by heart. I know what by heart to do. Don't try it. You can't almost stop for the point when we try that today and come much left. But I'll go home and take like a hot shower. That's right. I hope a bunch of things to do today. Gargle. Gotta go to mommy's for lunch. Have some soup. Have some hot soup. I'll listen to the T-Romals season area. We'll be report tomorrow. I'm mommy's attempt to have a normal one today. Take a tape recorder. I gotta tell you great mommy's story. Oh, I love those. Yeah. This is a true story. So John and I go Saturday for lunch at mommy's. Okay, last Saturday. Okay. Maybe that's what was the beginning of my getting sick. And anyway, so we have a nice lunch was pretty good. Sitting in the living room. Okay. She's sitting in the corner across from me. We're on a couch across the room. TV is over there. And there was a bill I came for something that I should have canceled a long time. We were the cometer of address. So I pick up her phone and I call and it's one of these automated things. You have to dial like 50 million different, you know, point right. It's the way the world finally find that get to talk to a lady, a living and breathing person. I'm talking to her and we're having a conversation. I'm giving you the information and my mother says, Talk a little louder. I can't hear you. It's like a joke I've always told. Yeah, only it's true. Why don't you talk a little louder? I can't hear you. And I'm thinking to myself, I'm not talking to you, bitch. Right. I've waited 10 minutes on a phone. I've pushed every button that's been invented. I stuck my finger to a few other places. I finally get a hold of a living, really, person. I have no problem communicating. She's here in me. I'm here in her. Talk a little louder. I can't hear you. The yenta in the corner. She's got to hear the conversation. Sure. Bitch. Have a good lunch, mom. Okay. Damn it. Not in that's a true story. I can't believe anything like that up. Here's a fact that says, Dean is finished. He reminds me of my idiot platoon sergeant. I can picture him in the American West leading us all, running and screaming and eating a banana with the raised sword. Coming over a cliff into a deep ravine and bursting into fire. Remember to see where the covered wagon goes over to cliff with all the cattle piling on top? As a matter of fact, yes. How do you think Goro feels right now? It says, his judgment has to be of it in question. Maybe he was trying to find his alter ego. Well, he sees a little more animated than now. A little bit. Yeah. A little bit. Okay. How's the pull coming up? We'll get to a whole bunch of calls or not. Maybe they're going to call it. That's okay. Nobody called you about that yesterday. No. Not one. Maybe one. How's that possible? I forget a lot. That's all America is talking about. He's died in Michael Jackson and Lacey Peterson. Yeah. Yeah. 33. What do you take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech in Iowa? 33. I'm still for him. He was just rallying his troops. Well, that's 31%. Don't you feel better? All right. Well, you got four negative choices on there. One positive one. Wow. Well, how many positive? No, they're not all real negative. No, not all real negative. I'm glad we found out about him now. 26. He's lost it 20. I never liked him any. I'll 15. That's not that just people didn't like him before anyway. Right. You got to have that one on. Right. I think the doctor is self medicating to much 11. I think that's just being honest. He's got to be medicated. Don't you? Sure. If he's lucky to be going like, over again in the mirror, there's doctors. I end them all much in no names, but I told you that. I don't know all about it. Remember that? Sure. That's during my doctor was like a little over medicated that they bouncing off the walls. And like that. See, it before my former doctor. Right. One of many. Anybody ever find a real doctor in South Florida? No. Just my friend, Dr. Ham. She's the best. I hear my E.N.T. lady. She's great. And my friend, Dr. Solomon. But other than that. Now you just can't find real doctors here. No, this is where the bad doctor. You know that for 100 years. Plenters peanuts have been low carb. Do you know that? Er, do you have a sin? That's what happened. You haven't seen that spot. Everything in the world now is low carb. Try munching on your carpet. I'll do cover munchers out there. That's low carb too. Is what I'm hearing. A lot of five to two. Right. Rick Sanchez talking about the Atkins diet yesterday. So that's your was so bad. I came vegan to all the words. And people wonder why that's not going to be on the air. A whole new category of bad. How many more minutes will that be on? I'm not turning that. Rick, come on. That's not your bad. Maybe I know what your hyperventilating on the local news is his bad. Which MSNB did. But you see Jerry and Ahmed died. No, I didn't. He had a gallbladder cancer. You know Jerry and Ahmed? I know you. Big fat bald guy. I must have been a senior. Who never really said anything. But he was, you know, he ever stole a freight train. And now he's dead. And now he's dead. He was only 59. But he had gallbladder cancer. You can have something like that. Any age. What do you raise your eyebrows like that? Because that's. You know pretty young. Pretty young to be dead. Anyway, 560560 the friends you just, I love when they start ringing frantically. I can almost even though I can't hear a damn thing today. You'll have to interpret for me. Okay. Okay. What do you call him? You see there's nobody online one. I didn't call him. WCWAM. Hey, New. How you doing? Pretty good. Come on. Come on ahead. First of all, don't you think it's ironic that, uh, Yes. Bush is in a land of this week and you're going to stay in a state. Be good on a liver seat. I mean, she, she, she started home. Yeah. I'm going to be the best place to start. Good point. And, uh, what, what is it about these, uh, broad cast stations? I mean, why does they have to have that, just stay to the address on every single channel? Why does it just pick one? If you want to watch it on my channel, I was watching a hockey game. So I was watching Leafs beat the Islanders. I mean, I like there's no 24. Don't you deny it. It's a good old era game for another free imprisonment. Damn it. You're right. They should put it like only on the learning journey. You know, a political studio. All right. Everyone says, yeah. Only unlike the local cable pubic access station. You got that, buddy. Thanks a lot, Pally. You got them. I have a great day. I watched the hockey games. Yeah. I was watching hockey. I'll be very proud to tell you that. Leafs have won two in a row. Now, he will be depleted. Squared to say the least. Any hockey fans out there? I know. What's really sad is he was going on the macarina. They got a very exciting young team. Just a few players sure to really be in competitive. And they overachieve and thanks to the great goal-tending of Bobby Longo. He keeps him in just about every game. If they didn't have him, I hate to think. I hate to see that's not a formula for winning. I'm saying that to the guy who put the dud in Dudley. That's not the formula for winning. Instead of a great goalie who has just had to stand on a set every game and make Syrians a great saves. Like about a half a dozen he made last night or would've been 11 to 5. And then, you know, have the rest of the team. It's great having a lot of fine upcoming young players. That's fine. Like Stevie Wise. I love Stevie Wise. You have no idea how much. I hope he doesn't either. But no seriously. But he just did. That's not the fanzer tighter waiting, okay? And when you've been gouging and gouging, Alan Cohen, you really, you're really leading this down to Path to disaster with his franchise. I hate to say that. I mean, they're overachieving a little bit quite frankly. They're still like not that far out of a playoff spot, but it'd be a shock of the century for them to make it. And when I see that almost none of the regular people are there in no mole, just a smattering. I wonder what is this all about? I was okay for me to be there. I'm on it though because it was probably the ugliest crowd I've ever seen that building. That's why I knew the, no, the coast was clear for me to be there. It's a nail. You can come in tonight only the ugly people are welcome tonight. And that was it. No, and that's just if you can't at least enjoy an exciting game, which it wasn't. At least have some good people look at, right? To over. That's the only reason I'd go. Some eye candy. Is somebody I know would say? I hope he doesn't say it again. I don't know why. I just don't like that expression. I don't know. It's it's silly, it's a, a, a second old. It's saccharin. 134 votes on his Dean Paul. Hey Dr. Dean. What's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech and I will watch everybody as seen by good man. Times. I'm a still for him. He was just rallying the troops guy, damn it. 37. I'll ride. I'm glad we found out about him now. Well, I think I just threw my thing out. I'm glad we found out about him now. 35. He's lost at 28. I never liked him anyway. 20. And the doctor is self medicating too much. Maybe he got Russia shipment 14. He got the Moxie's man. Oxycons. Rox didn't do that great in this book. That's the one good thing. It's not important that we succeed but that he fails. Okay. He didn't. What is the matter, Fred? I can tell you right now. And I don't have the IOD number there. Do I? No. Don't you? But I can tell you like 25. 54 hour by hour, which will kill some time. Nobody wants to hear this. Mo, look at that. 53. 568. For Ralph 48. And 34. That nine o'clock hour boy. It was horrible. Horrible. Always is. Yeah. But that was it. When we were doing I know. Did we have a four, but that's this. Yeah. Then we had a five eight. A seven or five. A five two. Mad dog. A five two. A hump or four five six. A four nine. That six. Always pretty impressive. A five o'clock hour. Nice. I put out a canola. He's baby. Cut it out. How's he doing these days? He's fine. I'm not doing what I'm talking about. I lost an answer to. He didn't. Not that I can say. Well, I think on the days when Katrina comes in a ways in. You want to have Hank right behind her. Or like I said right in front of her. What you never know. He might get carried away. What? I think he ought to be right in her right. Right side by each side by each. Five five six seven. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. And I think the message is today they all look for a piece of an. I've got that. This is for twenty five six. One hour. If your hair is all over to place mostly off your head. Yeah. Here's the answer for it. Charles Alpieri and his natural hairline system. You can monkey around with all these other people. You can listen to all these other pillars out there. Everybody in the world now is peddling hair pieces and holes in the head. And magic pills that make your hair grow back. Not the natural hairline system is the best in the world which for why for over 25 years now. People with the big bucks and even slippers go to Charlie and everybody in between. To matter how much you spend. You can't get a better look ahead of hair. The natural hairline system. That's why they call it natural hairline because that's what it looks like. Life hair is really grown out of your scalp. Like it's your real hair as opposed to a dead farm enemy along your head. So he have nothing to lose but the ball spot because when you get it. Everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way your hair looks and feels and smells. Return it Charlie give you your money back. No problem at all. And be sure to mention my name when you call because Charlie give you 200 bucks off the regular price. Just for having the co-hones to mention your rodges when you make that phone call. The number to call. To all free to get your hair back and look better and younger than your ever dreamed you could again. It's 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto what. Charles Alfieri.com. My life and love all. This is for 2056. You will be a new way. It's an out of body experiences what it is. Given how my rodges are mirrors. If there is a girl in extra white jeans. A girl who said, weighs a ton. Yeah. And she's living with the women at the 28th late oints in the house of the live. The girls. When she was young at a restaurant with a boy. He didn't know that she was gay. Until he noticed each time they went out. She went for the seafood buffet. Just look at all those dikes. Sister's now. Just look what they have done. The minute she comes home from work to the door. Well, half her panties come. She laid it down. To stop publishing the rosy mag. Let the laid off staff not paid. And rosy's girlfriend, whose pregnant. Right now, I guess. She just only got laid. There is a girl with extra white jeans. And her chain or she's become. But she goes by the name of rosy oints. There's the house of the live. You know, I saw a quick verb about that. The thing that I spoke to him, I actually see the piece. I mean, just showed it on CNN. And boy, I'm telling him. He's lost it. He was singing the National of the Asterst Bengal banner. To a bunch of high school kids. And to a lot of kids smuggled in a Confederate flag. Remember his comments about the, yeah, yeah. Confederate flag. The Southern, yeah. Yeah, who's. Boy, he has really taken up the old Ying Ying man. I'll tell you that right now. The thing goes from a 30 point lead to a 10 point deficit. Just like a bat overnight. That is shocking. And it just keeps getting worse. I mean, sing in the National Anthem to a bunch of kids. What's that all about? Maybe they didn't know the words. A couple of faxes. Probably not. Okay. It is a lot better. It's shorter. 200 and how many votes on there? Like I said, 171. What's your, we got to get all these people on our website now. Let's, let's try it. And what's today today? January 22nd. Yes. Because I thought I was about halfway to work. And I started talking to myself in the car. Because I felt not too bad. And it's only a, you know, a three day cold now, which didn't, and bad. Yeah. And I'm not all congested and, uh, plugged up. But I thought, I can't even talk. And I thought, what am I going to work? I came this close to turning around and go back home and crawling. Yeah. So you're lucky that I'm here. Dame lucky. And the audience as well. Well, uh, here's what PR Ralph says. You're good friend. Right. You're former good friend. No, he's okay. So thank God you're back. George is great with material and he knows he has to do the show. But when cowardice pants down on it. Some supposed to play the dean screen, but I something else. You know, it's bad. Screw you, Ralph. Yeah. It's your buddy. It's your piece. I don't know. Another one that I'm making guys. My question was 10 Kennedy shaking his head. Was he just playing drug? Well, both. Did you get to see your boy Tom Brady? No, I did not see my boy toy Tom Brady. I heard about a third red all the stories about how Laurie invited him to the, uh, state of the union dress. And about how not John Kerry. It's like a tug of war. Kerry's got the left arm and Indiana gross. We're saying it then has got the right arm. And it's like a, uh, a chicken bone. Wishbone. He's like a swishbow and it Thanksgiving time. Yeah. They're yanking on him, which I'd love to do that. Anyway, no, I did not see that. Also, we says no more pizza law fly over. What does that mean? Why won't it not be a pizza law fly over this? I don't know. Just because he's not in plantation no more. There'll be a big fly over his and, uh, baby. Hey, he just made him a sticky got greedy. Why don't it open a second place and I don't want to go into it. This is, you can't see that place from the road. It's just a bad location. Bummer. And it's, you know, when you get partners involved, it's just not a good thing. I tried to Tom. Nobody will ever listen to me. No matter what, I tried to tell that mole was was great. That's what you're listening to me. My buddy, my close season asshole. Hey, mo, guess what? To you. Can't stand you. You notice how ever since he came here, we've been like on a rocky road. Yes. You notice that? Yes. It's probably, you know, it's probably all the same. It's probably all the same. I've just said he and Hank are like, uh, out of sorts. If you would just support his more so than usual, I don't want to support his show. I wish he would die. But anyway, the hump are his out of sorts with, which I say nice going on. I'm pretty stuck. Yeah. I mean, if I have to choose between them, no choice. We love Hank. Mo. Eh. 183 votes. What's your take at Howard Dean's famous? Wacky speech in Iowa. And when we found out about him now, 51, I'm still for him. He was just realligated troops 48, 26.2%. That's not too promising. Because this was a big dean crowd. This audience, right? He's lost at 35. I'd never liked him any how 26. The doctor is self medicating too much. Twenty three. WDQAM. Can't the quiddiquette. WDQAM, hello. Yes. Could I stick to George? No. I'm going to speak to Neil. Oh, George, not there. No, you want to speak to Neil or not? No, I need to just speak to George about. About what? Poco Brian. About a couple of CDs that I've been trying to order. Yeah. And I don't call George about that. What's he got to do with it? Well, I want to talk to him off the ear. He doesn't want to talk to you. Okay. Go to the website. Now go to the website and bug your earthquake. I'll tell you that it's a thing with him and Boca Brian. WDQAM, hello. Neil. I saved you there again. See? Yes, sir. Howard Dean was singing the National Anthem to drown out protesters in the background. Why, see? Is that what it was? Yep. Well, I was still looking pretty bad. You didn't think I, you think you didn't think it looked stupid? That thought looked stupid. Yeah, there were some protesters. There wasn't a big wild protest. I mean, they just showed it. I'll listen to it during the break. But that's why he's saying that National Anthem. He's, he's a boy. Here's what it says. Uncle Leo, wait to hear this shot. See now it's my turn. Love you. Don't want to ruin your day. Now you can't ruin my day. I'm already here. However, for the record, you must know that with your voice attenuated and made more raspy with your cold. You sound almost exactly like, Joey Reynolds. I have my nose up. Neals I ask. Wow. Can you believe that? I can't even because I guess it's both your both of them upstate New York. Yeah, that must be it. PS, the reason nobody called George about being yesterday is because he played the tape about 10 seconds left in the show. Well, that's probably when you got a hold of it. Halfway through the show. Would it about 10 seconds left? Yeah. Only 20 seconds. Sure. Well, I'll play it again. We're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma. Yeah, Arizona. And North Dakota. We're going to California and Texas. In New York. We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington. And Michigan. And then we're going to Washington. You see it. Take back the white house. Yeah. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. She, it's not that I've so much turned to get while I have turned against him. But it's the idea that I know now he can't win possibly. Now you got to admit that. No. Why not? If you, if you think you've seen it many times now, just wait. Just wait. No matter. You ain't seen nothing yet. Every hour you'd see that least I'm burdened man. And every channel. You know, even on the travel channel. You're going to close the decillity body. Did he cause thousands of deaths? You don't have to sell me. All right. Well, but wouldn't you like to pick somebody who's got a really good chance? Sure. Like John Edwards. Okay. I'm not going to argue with you. Is it a little boy? Sure. He never stole a free train. Got a nice haircut. He, how about John Edwards in Bob Graham? Was that too much? Or Clark? Clark will take the second spot. We need to get our first. Clark first. Sure. Either one of them. I say Bob no matter who gets it. I say Bobby Graham for VP. He can win Florida. I'm telling you right now. Hands down. He's going to deal with it. They should listen to you for once. Yeah. No. He said yesterday. He didn't say he would take it. But the way he answered the questions on it. He'll take it. He'll take it. He'll take it. And they can do it. He's the one guy who consistently. He didn't waffle right from the beginning. Because he's on the Senate Intelligence Committee. Mm-hmm. And he knew that was all a pile of crap. He told us that right from the beginning. He talked about it again yesterday. But you know, about how Al Qaeda still go in stronger than ever. Mm-hmm. And they're the biggest threat. And here we are. The Black, killing all these people, including our own. You know what? It's like a human sacrifice. Right? That's the way I look at the whole Iraqi attack. It's a human sacrifice. Our people, their people, whole bunch of people caught in the middle. Human sacrifice. And they keep showing these. You know, and I'll say it again. We could be broadcasting live there every day. All the elders have cameras there. But we see little blips. Whatever they want to show us. Right. And they show these kids. The one little kid who was got the bullet in the head. You see that one? Mm-hmm. And you want to scream. You just want to scream. We're going nuts. Ah! Because he was caught in the middle in the crossfire. Without even a Papucan in the or. The woman to bow time. Mother, mother, mother, Tucker Carlson. Boy, why hate him. You know what I'm talking about? Mm-hmm. God, I can't stand him. And then of course James Carville would have bought it. He looks like a white-try stratford. You ever seen together? Same guy. No, he puts on. He puts on that black face. He comes in here and sells up a storm. And then he goes on crossfire. James Carville. Good old boy. Fifty-seven say I'm still for him. He was just rallying his troops. The deal. Dean Meister. I'm still on the 27.2%. I've ever found out about him now. Before it's too late. Fifty-six. He's lost at 38. I never liked him anyway. Thirty-eight. And the doctor is self-medicating too much. Twenty-eight out of 209. My and local. We're sports video 5.62 a 2A. Brudge Packen. Oh, girl. That I was going with. Down in New Orleans, well, besides my side. Err. What's who he was with him? But he was low-leveling that guy. But then her personal flight. And I was just going to be a little bit more. But then her personal flight. And I decided to pursue the guy. And I was seven now. He couldn't go in there. And now it's got shot in the lane. And he got shot in the lane. And then the lane. Oh, I feel like he's holding on to me. I really hurt now. I was bleeding all over the lane. He got by me shopping down. Was gotten beaten up by Lola. But that's not it. Look out. He was holding on. But just the same game they have known, Lola. I can't convince Lola. A special reason for my all-regard shot in the lane. I was trying to make him a shot in the lane. I was just going to be a shot in the lane. I was going to be a J-no-bomb. And 13-ton-0-5-60-W-D-Krums. I'm fasted so all of our T-bags in here. Somebody grabbed our T-bags. I mean, I had Econisha. Really? That's all a bunch of crap. I know, but still. It's T. Oh, and you notice now that I've seen this is what really pisses me off along with many other things. Now they're saying that massive doses of vitamin C and E can prevent Alzheimer's DNA. No, a thousand international units or a thousand milligrams of vitamin C combined. These are the same including Dr. Gupta on CNN. Ooh, well, they said they're always saying, all the vitamins man you can over-medicate. And you can do a lot of damage. And the too many vitamins get it all from your foods. And yeah, every day they got a different tune they're saying it. Yeah, getting the jelly go on and get some tea. So at least you can do why you're looking for it in between. Look for the super cover. Two hundred nineteen votes on the pool. Let's get with it. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line. WQA. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? So how are you feeling? I'm fine. Okay. Just had a nasty throat. All right. I'm glad to hear you're okay. I got three things to point out to you. Yes. First of all, Uno. I am telling you Clark is going to come like a band in out of hell and run past all these guys. Is he? Yes. Clark's my word. Okay. All right. Mark it on my wish like in my mental. It's said he. Yeah. All over your body. He also said, who's Teddy? And have them all do it. Okay. Okay. And then he's running on his bag. I don't know how much longer Michael Moore is going to live because I call George Isaiah. I told him about he's working on something called Baron Hight 911. Right. But the Bush administration. Right. And you know when you mess with them, they don't play. I see. Okay. And then last of all last last thing I've heard of tell you is. George did a great job. He's great. I'm right in the put it back on right now. What do you say? I'm doing it. I'm doing it. And closing for George. Wearing guns. Wearing guns. Okay. No. See you in your perverted people out there. No. You got to understand. Yeah. That's speaking in tongues and spares. Yeah. Okay. I said I'm not your perverted asshole. Nice. All right. I thought what he was saying was. And that's funny. See if we would just play Celia Cruz records. If you get to those 35 or 54 year old, the stick nails out there. He doesn't like toys because we don't. All these has been won't work. Why there is no more. Not bad enough to work. Why there is no man. It's part of the song. Are you saying it Josh? Did he have that with you? No. Well, so he's to be. Who's he? Who give up? A favorite flavor? A favorite flavor. I don't hear him. Chaffing. So it's an old gra. Oh, not a room. No. Celestial. Erb tea. Celestial. Seasonings. Erb. Caffeine. I'm sure. They got tea at the end. Mint flavors. All right. Believe me. Just take a peek. They got tea at the end. Belgian Cardinal speaking of that says. Most gays are perverts. So what's wrong with that? I certainly raise my hand. A Belgian Cardinal city. Five to ten percent of lesbians and gays were actually gay. And the rest were sexual perverts. I think he's just jealous. I think the Cardinal. Wait. Wait. What? He said only five to ten percent of lesbians and gays were actually gay. And the rest were sexual perverts. So now there's if you're really gay, then not a person. Right. If you're really gay, then you're a woman. I'm not gay. It's a pervert. I see. It says I'm willing to write in my own blood. That all those who call themselves lesbian or gay. A maximum of five to ten percent are effectively lesbian or gay. Cardinal Gustav Juice. Uh-oh. Juicy. George Court told the Belgian Weekly P magazine. Uh-oh. And interview. This gets better and better. P magazine. I wonder what the P stands for. Oh, pervert. All the rest of just sexual perverts had Cardinal Juice. Who's also a parish priest in the fine and a small Belgian town of Lanskudr. Maybe he's a Lanskudr hunter. The Belgian Catholic Church reacted to the interview by saying. Cardinal Juice was speaking in a private capacity and certainly not for them. I guess he wasn't counting them either. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. What kind of an asshole would steal our tea? What kind of a shmuck would do that? WQAM. No. Yes, sir. Uh, use the milk. Yes, it is. How's it going, man? It's going, okay. You're a bald faggot. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. No, just a little bit of a halt. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Neil, I should have been nice with you. I'll home with the flu today. Yes, but I will tell you one thing. This is how audiences response to the Howard Dean in the situation. Howard? This is South Florida's response ladies and gentlemen. I'll tell you what. Unbelievable. Absolutely. We're not to make any scream if I had any voice. I will tell you one thing. Howard Dean in a rubber room with a straight check and it's still better than Bush on his best day. Yeah, but the American people aren't going to let somebody that think belongs in a straight check and don't you understand that? I would. I would rather have him than Bush on the high degree. I'd rather put that off. Oh, put what? Put what? Bush in, I mean, Dean in this. Okay, that's a good idea. All right. Thanks. Thank you. Thanks. Feel better. Thank you. Me too. Let's put that on. Or is Eric going to feel like overworked to bat. Hey, Tubby, put it on there on the pole. Are you going to lose all that weight? Then why are you going to call him? Slon. What do we put on her? See, you. I'm not. He's still better than Bush. I'm in coherent. Even even a crazy Dean would be better than Bush. Huh? How's that? Even a crazy Dean is better than Bush. He raised he wants to rally the troops, baby. What's wrong with having a crazy president? In fact, that's a good pull for some day for you. What's what you'd rather have a crazy president or a stupid one? Huh? I mean, he's not the president anyway. You do understand that. I know he's a guy sitting behind him. No. The guy sitting behind him is the dick tick. Oh yeah. Who almost about ticker. Who doesn't always go into hiding. Dick. He's not a president. He's the resident. Dick tickle. W to Q AM. W to Q AM. Hello. Hello. I don't have to be in a shortwave call from Iraq. Yes sir. Neil. Speaking. Why? Pick him up. You sure did. Listen about that T. Watch him the Discovery Channel last week. They had something about the Chippo Iron News and Wisconsin that drank a lot of tea. Yeah. And they were finding out a lot of them dying prematurely and they did some more topCs. And it was related to the tea they confirmed. To the tea bag? No. They found them all drowning their own tea piece. Oh. I had a wait all through that for that. I thought it was about their tea bag. That choke soldier than oxygen. Right. That's older than them. Or than the mothuseless grandpa. W Q AM. Hello. Q AM. Uncle Neil. Yes sir. I know you're a kind of sewer of fine cigars. No not because cigars are not. No. I don't smoke cigars anymore. Sir that kid. Oh you don't. I'll get it. Wait. Well may I show you. Romeo and Juliet are church children from Cuba. I have no idea. I don't smoke cigars. Call up cigar Dave. Okay. I don't smoke cigars. They're not the future of America. The future of the world. I got one guy I want to tell me about the Indians and their T.P. With their P.P. and this guy wants to tell me about the cigars. They're going to guard Dave back at you. But what? I don't want to hear about it. They're bad for you. Yeah. They taste good. I want to apologize. All those years we have those cigars sponsors to them. How many people do you think I killed or knows you? I thought you heard him. Wrong. Don't you remember those awful dandomenal lights I was by? They were great tasting. Yeah. They were great to put in your push. But he's off. Reports says most voting systems unchanged. This is bad. Somebody just backs this in. Thank you very much. The presidential campaign seasons underway. When voters go to the polls this year, the election systems in many states will still be susceptible to the same flaws that caused the 2000 stalemate in Florida. Oh, like that. Don't. Report released today. Found that despite promised reforms, only a few states made comprehensive changes to voting machines and registration in the last three years. But very I'm going to straighten that out. We'll send Mary Malarana country. She'll straighten that out. Mary of the elephant. The Washington-based election reform information project reported that money problems and concerns about the reliability of new touch screen voting systems delayed action. So now that was until they can fix it, yeah. I mean, get in again. Maybe they will work on it. Okay. For what Hillary runs in 2008. Oh, if the world is still spinning around. Four minutes till noon at 5.60 QAM, George. If you're here, it's all over to place mostly off your head. Here's the answer for a Charles Alphiari and his natural health system. You can, that's a wrong spot, George. Let's write another one. This is great. We're just playing radio here today. We're like, you know, jock, sports, radio, jock. Are you going to get over it? That was in here. What do you mean it's not in there? Oh, try out our homestead nut in here. Well, I can certainly do it live for my good friends at Toyota homestead. Even though I have no voice, I can't see better. I guess I was a kid up. No, you just play Charles Alphiari. Now you do it like me. We apologize, but we're under a lot of stress and pressure. Okay. Because we don't speak at a right language least I don't. What's your excuse? Hey, let me tell you about our strong Toyota of homestead. Locally owned an operator. These guys have been treating people right for a long time. That's why they're still here. That's why they're still in business. They're on US-1, 20 minutes south of the 36 Armstrong's Toyota homestead. It is worth the drive no matter where you are because you can save yourself. Thousands and thousands of dollars on brand new great Toyota's. Check out these great lease prices. An O4 to coma 2-wheel drive regular cab. Just a 169 bucks a month. An O4 Echo just won 79 a month. How about an O4 Sloc a GT just 209 a month. And with every car purchase at Armstrong's Toyota homestead. You get a free sun pass and don't forget these guys. With the first folks in the area to offer your free tires and batteries for life. If you're looking for SUV, Armstrong's Toyota homestead. It got a huge assortment of RAF4's. Highlanders, 4-1er sequies and land cruisers too. General manager Dave Rich, no relation to fat rich. Thank God. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.