For the rocket Luiza Florida Shacks Hugs and H Freddy Should you say comfy in my spider-hold? Now they come over to Radio Control You can't keep todavía keep asleep We will find one corner Lucky... one moreaca Red napkin Popkin Top fin30 These are my partners Youtube In the jail, I was a rat. My people can hardly wait till twenty-eight feet. Just like they did with the day in Tuesday. Only one way to try and over my post. Now, Johnny Cacre and our mark get a ghost to a rat. Yeah, say, go to a rat. Give my cell my girl to stay locked. You take it to the jail, I was a rat. Baby, if I'm lucky, I can't stop a bleed. Baby, I can even be the same thing. I must have been crazy to get into this war. It's like trying to steal Donas from Michael Moore here, rat. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, rat. I've got a rape. My head will soak the other blood. And I will die in the jail as a rat. Die in the jail as a rat. No, I'm dying out of here. 10-40-56, he's only here. Hey, very nervous through day two. See, this time I'm not going to like err on the side of caution. How is it? By the other way? Yeah, you're going to, you are going to err. I see, I'm going to err on the side of a panic. I don't want people to get panic out there. Oh, my God. The fact that a matter is, herkane Ivan is making a turn for the worst possibly. Possibly. And if this thing comes up to where they're forecasting right now, we got the track on our website, newwragers.com. That was his a five o'clock this morning. We had a new map, a new track, and all that stuff, and a couple minutes, when the new advisory is already out. But we don't have it. The winds are down from 160 to 145 miles an hour. I don't think I'll even read the eight o'clock, because the new ones come out at 11. But if it continues along the track that they're predicting after blowing their make-off the face of the globe, and then through Cuba, then they predicted to like all of a sudden take a jog north, because herkane's love Florida. Some of us are a little bit ant, burnt out on Florida, but not herkane's. They love Florida. Yeah, that's what we're saying. Huh? I see. I must be it. Oh, and speaking of that team, what are we going to do about that dolphin game on Sunday? Because if this thing comes up right through the set of the states, across the keys and right through the set of the state, then exiting, the same place where Francis came in up there near, all I would say for a purest viral Melbourne Cocoa beat. Have a net neck of the woods. We would this time be on the east side. Right? What is now a category five hurricane? All the winds are down a little bit, 160 to 145, as if that makes a big deal. Hurricane haven't killed at least 12 people in grenade, it damage nearly all of its homes destroyed, a prison living criminals on the loose. If you saw the country today, or do more of a surprise to anyone that we didn't have more deaths, then in the Paris at the moment, Prime Minister Keith Mitchell, be saying, Mitchell confirmed that the escapee is included, some of the 17 jailed for life for killing Stringer Marxist Callos Coo, in 1983, but didn't know which ones. They're all running around on the loose. Mitchell said 90% of the homes in grenade, or were damaged for the deaths, who would rise, he said, much of the country's agriculture had been destroyed, including his primary export crop nutmeg. I've actually never knew that before did you? I had no idea. Nutmeg, that's what made grenade effemists, has probably why we invaded there to get all of their nutmeg. I'll see, here's a fact, it says when this is Howard Stern Show and read the list of the weather theories, this has to be a killer for your ratings. It's definitely a killer list in the robin' do the news. Well, what can I tell you, Jean? And watch your hygiene. But it's just the way it is. Now, as a result of this very lengthy String Show today, we have an hour and a little over an hour and a half show. Yeah. And I got news for you, Greg. This was your idea, baby. Okay, I'm trying to give me the song to dance. Well, you know, we're paying meal for four hours. In fact, don't you remember when they said, well, maybe how about we'll have meal, do we love into two, at least there'll be some consistency? We don't want consistency. We want psychosis. It's always a surprise. Anyway, before we get into all of that, and the poll today, I'm taking her up in this in my house and making damn sure that that thing is protected with shutters and generators and every kind of thing out of the sun. And if I were you since today's only Thursday, now is the time based on the size and the nature of this thing. If you have the storm shutters up already, well, just keep them there. If you took some of them down, I'd be thinking about the next day or two, put them back up. And I would certainly, would be doing the things that we learned that, well, call the last one a dry run, even though it's pouring here in Toronto and it's going to be a nice two days as we slowly ask to the end of Francis, and the whole Northeast is getting dead and you just Francis finally frozen the towel. Call it like a learning lesson. And to proud the thing, I'm afraid of although, probably not too many people, but there'll be some people who like it, the boy who cried wolf syndrome, well, you know, they got us all whipped up and our friends, and then we didn't get very much where we were, well, take a look at the tracking map and then stop and think, now, of course, it could go like way up and if a hummus or even easter there, or it could go off into the Gulf of Mexico. All these things, you know, all of these things. Because they really don't know, it's just too far out. But if the surm is going to hit like Monday morning or two o'clock in the morning, which is what they're saying is for us the keys, what about their dolphin game on Sunday? Now, George had a good idea, and we'll begin this Saturday. Is that what I said? Didn't you say that? I don't know. Yeah, you said that. All right, I must have. There's somebody said that, and now you said it. Okay. And I think that's a fine idea. I moved that game to Saturday, and then you can get the Titans out of town with their gigantic victory. I mean, after they blow their dolphins off the field, I mean, and then everybody can be home and safe and sound. We might have to worry about traveling and people get the stock and all of us on all these things. 1651 votes on yesterday's pool. What about the past week was most significant to you? And of course, not even close, and especially now, would I've been coming for the big blow. Hurricane Francis, 1773, almost half. The slaughter of hundreds in Russian, including all of those kids, 397. New pool show, Bush with the big league. 127, although the news side may pull, which I got that story a little bit. Showers of carries already scratch and back. The convention bounces already. Especially after all this stuff last couple of days. Proving what we've always known and said that Bush was a wall. He was a draft manager. And him and his vice president were just a couple draft diving chicken hocks. The dolphins picked a fever and started quarterback only had 98 votes. And most people are going, Oh, hey. And Bill Pitt was heart surgery. He's got a good post votes only 56. They just don't care, you know? Sorry. I'll be fine. Huh? That's what I'm hearing. Oh, we're fine. But you would think as beloved as he was. Now, I don't know about you, but you got that weather run. And in fact, you should be having it on right now. The weather channel. Okay. 27? Yes? Can I hear it? Generations closed. I can't even go. I don't want hear their spots. No, I want to hear their tropical advice I guess it's already over with. Who would look a needle peptides? What is it? A needle peptides. Oh, great. Like they were cut a peptide. Because I'm like trying to refresh this. In fact, maybe that guy out there that's been sending me. Although I think he's upset with me. Because I said I've already got it. And he got yesterday got all been out of shape. I think maybe not. He stopped sending me the hurricane updates. Oh. Because because the problem, the normal website is great. We've got to link to it. On our website along with that tracking map. But the problem is that they don't stick the stuff on it. They send it out. Follow these news organizations, the media people are all of that. But as far as putting it on the website, they don't do it till like right on the dot generally. So the A.D. Amistol on there. Let's see. Here's also emergency officials today began a total total. If activation of the Florida Keys because of Hurricane Ivan. Because if it hit the island chain is early as Sunday. All tourist recreational vehicles and mobile homeras were issued to evacuate the Keys beginning today. A phased evacuation of Monroe County's other residents will begin tomorrow about 79,000 people live in the Keys. National Hurricane Center for Cancer's predict that Ivan could hit the Keys late Sunday or early Monday before possibly hitting the Florida mainland early later on Monday. The well we already know about the winds and above. If the storm begins to we category four if it's Cuba before approaching the Keys well, that would be an improvement but still big and bad. It is huge. Have you seen it? Was that? Here's a fact from a hectic. He says, I listened to Howard for the past two weeks or maybe I'm not sophisticated enough but his routine is boring and plain stupid. Changing radio stations until your show is on ears getting old. I think Mr. Reed or whatever his name is is a moron for his new format. Well that brings us to today's pool before we do the beta curtain or should we do her first. You want to do a angel? Let's do her first. Okay. Well we now we don't have time for her. In fact we'll do both things when we come back because we're going to get the breaks in. We got a lot of spots to get in here and only an hour and 35 minutes. Shame on Howard. Matt, we're going to so late. Don't thank you. Take a break if we don't want to. What do you mean by that? I think he played all our best. No, no, no, no. I just take a break. Like I said, four minutes before 11 at five, 60 WDQ and we got the Marlin pregame at 12 30 Marlins in the message 105. Did the Marlins win last night? He didn't do the go. Come on, he scores. You don't know? In other words, here's a guy that wants all those pre Marlins tickets. You maniac, man. You know, there's nothing about you, but he knows nothing about the Marlin score. Big one is pretty tickets. I don't want to get my boy out of the car. He doesn't exist anymore. I'm going to get a break if I want. Marlins was. Let's abuse some more prisoners. They let's re-mice them all. Get me some wires and a fat tree. I don't care if they hit from my ratchuzine. Use you to the torture because they're just playing their game in the past. It had to be worse with the dumb who's saved. He real short bits because we don't have very much time. Marlins won again last night. They're just smoking, and of course the method will over and die. I'm dying out of the hair. It comes lost. I don't like that. So only a game in the half behind Houston, which now the Astros, who are winning every day. They have a game ahead of the cups in the wild card race. I just mentioned that in passing since we're the pre game for the Marlins today. And we're delighted to do that. Angel Linval was behind the BD Curtain on your arches.com. Today, Angel was born January 14, 1979, which makes a quarter mile arithmetic 25. She's alive in 25. And she was born in Midwest City, Oklahoma. I never heard of Midwest City view. Of course, it's Oklahoma. Well, yeah, what have I said? You're confused. She's a model actress in her filmography is old on the, it's small. And her filmography too. She's in DK and Y Road Stories, New York Stories, and Seek You. And that's it. Sometimes I sometimes go to IMDB and I've pronounced these filmographies. And it's like, the first of a 48 pages, you know, cramp like that. And that would, uh, lovely and I wish he's on the part with the boobies and all. Okay. I'll be for we do today's pool. I love this story before we get anything too serious. A lot of cramp going on. Can you see I've noticed. Like I said, I would be getting up on the water. I'd be getting that plywood today. I'd be getting the generator. I'd be doing these things today. Very calmly. I wouldn't be going into a panic. But now is the time because we got a big blow, possibly coming. And if it doesn't come, say you'll put it in the garage, you're taking it back. And get a refund and get kicked out of the store trying to do it. Right? Right. Because this is the no laughing matter. I mean, I'm the right. But I still think that somebody's like, Miss Kamal and Mr. or Cross day. Hyperventilate so much it becomes like a boy who cried well, Stir, well, you know, they already always exaggerate. Just take a look at that tracking map. As a matter of fact, let me go back to the thing again. The Noah thing. Because it's 1102. Now, wouldn't you think? Wait a minute. 10 wins 160. This has not changed over the past six hours. 14.5 north, 71.4 west. If you're tracking the store and it is a category five. Of course. Now, I'm going to just read you some of the discussion. We've been from the Virginia Center quickly. They're saying obviously that a storm this strong usually does not maintain its strength or its peak strength for very long. So what they're looking at is some fluctuations and strength, obviously, over the next few hours or so, 36 hours. They expect as the storm works this way towards Jamaica. And then across Cuba, they do expect it to encounter two things. Something. Some shear is going to encounter obviously interacting with land. And then the sea surface temperatures here are a little bit cooler than the ones currently under the storm. So as it moves towards Jamaica, we're still looking at a very strong fluctuating category four category five storm. As it moves onto the north then we start to see it potentially weakening, which is excellent news. The bad news is intensity forecast are notoriously unreliable. So we're just going to have to keep our fingers crossed with fat. Now, as the storm works this way towards Cuba, all the forecast models are about five of them. They're looking at really are very consistent as it heads on up towards Jamaica. Once it goes past Cuba, that's when we start to get a little bit of divergence in the track. And that's when we'll have to kind of play it by ear as far as where it might go. The western eastern Gulf of Mexico's possible, obviously, Florida's possible, obviously, Mahal's possible. But as we go on through the next several hours, we'll start to narrow that down a little bit. Once you get out past 72 hours, you do have to be pretty careful because you could have a potential error of several hundred miles. So we know for sure now, Cuba certainly in the gun site. Jamaica certainly is after that. And it has to be concerned, obviously, about the potential landfall across the United States. And that will be early next week or perhaps as early as the late Sunday. Oh, thanks, Lauren. Lauren Sydney. I'd say she's weighed on CNN, and I say that'd be very good, yes, indeed. She's good. Oh, look at that. She's not hysterical, and she's not hyperventilating, and she's not using her hand all our, you know, making all these drawings, and etc. A father who allegedly tried to circumsize his eight-year-old son in the bathroom after reading selections from the Bible has been charged with, firstly, a solid-achiled in Vancouver, Washington. Edwin Bruce Baxter, 33, was charged in Clark County Superior Court. Judge Diane Woodward said bail of 50 grand in schedule and remaining for September 17, if convicted, he faces at least ten years in prison. According to a probable cause after David Baxter told sheriff that he's tried to circumsize his son with a knife Friday, after reading Genesis 17 next to this four, both passages refer to the procedure. If he came concerned and called nine eleven when the boy would be losing too much blood. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Baxter told that, he's yet no medical training. He's been saying about that in the Bible, I bet. Right, needed to blow this. The boy was taken to sound that's what the kid was screaming, holy Moses, to eight years old. The boy was taken to South-wise, walked in medical center where he received several stitches. Baxter, a rich field is married with nine children. Don't cut. With nine children. He works as a truck driver, but would house above his transfer company in Portland, Oregon, and the court of court documents. The parents had been reported in the past for allegedly failing when rolled their children in school. He was convicted, Baxter was in 1993 for domestic violence. Clark County, senior in the University of Kentucky, a deputy prosecutor, Kim Parsons. Yeah, good religious guy. Right. Beats up his wife. Right. Well, does I blame her things like this? Uh-huh. And they're going to, you know, that's a home school a man, that's where it's at. Just read the Bible, that's what you need to know. Anyway, deadly carbom rocks to your carter. Oh my God. A powerful carbom is hit center with the carton near the Australian embassy, because, in the least, a people who knew about 170 others, the stores in this morning went off. 12 feet away from the embassy's gate, leaving a crater of three meters deep. And what's a meter? About three-eight little morning yard. See an increased fundamentally arrested said the court in the police, the blast was far larger than the one that killed 12 people in the Mary out hotel. The same district. Lying to your. A lot of crap going out in the world. Here's today's poll question because we got a lot of crap going on in QAM. And I don't know what to make of it, but maybe this will give us a little bit better idea. You think? No. And maybe not. Here's the poll question. What's your take on the current QAM line-out? I've got six choices on here, but we don't have a lot of time today, so we better get with it. I love it. I want the humper back on now. I want the Neil-Back at 10. What is it? In other words, what is the line-up? That's going to be my vote because I have no idea what it is. I see day to day, but it blows. Kind of like Hurricane Ivan and Francis, it blows. There's a lot of that going on from what I'm here. And Greg, we need to be in a straight jacket. Well, I'm going to be tempted between what is it? And Greg, we need to be putting a straight jacket. Who would come up with a choice like that? I guess I did. So that's our poll. I think I'm going to do what is it? Because I don't know what the line-up is. Now, it's supposed to like promote the line-up, but all I can do is like read whatever's on the sheet of the day that seems to be rarely the same two days in a row. We do have mo. After the morning game that after the morning kick the mess ass again, Marlon's are going to be in the wild card in the leadership in a few days. Make no mistake about that, although. Now, let's see. Do we have, well, what's the ideal for this weekend? No, they're in Chicago this weekend, right? Yep. Well, see, there's something you know about. And we know that because he doesn't have any tickets for those games because they're not in town. Correct. It's a worrying town. You better believe that he had a tickets for those games because he took all the good tickets. I mean, he just chopped them up. Even though it doesn't know the Marlon's won again last night, and kick the mess ass to resup. Mother had kicked Lionel Tate out of the house before he was arrested. Did you see this story? I mean, he did now. He heard it. Well, now do we have the new tracking map before we get to this? And I hate to be like all over the place, but there's a lot of heavy duty stuff going on. I want to be, I want to be this time, just as panicky and psychotic as everybody else. But even though I'm not there, of course. I'm so sorry. I can't be there again. You know, house bound for three or four days and go to roller at psychotic, or crap, and sit in the house and eat and eat and eat and even pray the electric don't go out. All of those things. Let's see if extremely dangerous hurricane I've been moving across the Caribbean, and I'm clicking on it, and hopefully they've changed this thing. I sure hope so, and they haven't. You people, if they, I don't want to get into it, I don't want to start. They haven't changed. They still got the eight o'clock on or anybody got the 11 o'clock faxed to us, please. Oh, that one guy, he won't do it anymore. He's a really pissed off at me. Let's see. Now, there's the five day forecast track, but that was as a five AM. I'm sure that'll make take one more peek at it. Yeah, five AM, and the newer came out of the lower clock, do we have it? No, no, no, no. By the way, people keep faxing stories all morning, long about things that we don't care about or they already have. Please stop. Yeah, please stop. The max house cracked that we don't care about. Okay, trying to like to run the show and do what I'm going to talk about. He's going to do a bit of good. Including the slightest bit of good. Anyway, Lionel Tate walked out of his house. I'm sorry, walked out of house arrest that is Pembroke Park home, really Friday morning. Shortly after he and his mother argued and she told him to get out of the house. Tate said, he referred to a Richard Rosenbaum, said yesterday. Rosenbaum. Oh, after meeting with Tate at the Groud County jail Rosenbaum, said he was disappointed and we had very concerned for the team. I've learned from various sources that Lionel and his mother were arguing verbally and that she told him to get out of the house that mom went to bed and selects that he and his cousin left the house Rosenbaum said. Tate 17 was arrested to the incase he missed his three yesterday. Accused a violent in terms of his house arrest by leading his home Friday having a pocket knife with a four inch blade when he was stopped by two Broward Sheriff's deputy, a couple blocks north of his house and then of course lying about his identity too. Tate and his mother recently had been having problems. And Tate said that Rosenbaum said our impart related to financial screen because Tate wasn't paying his way and in part to what the attorney called teenage problems. In other words, they have lots of problems. Get that you got that. I think she, I think there's a special place for mom too. I don't want to go into what I heard rumors that their special place where she might belong to. Well, we know about he suffocated Tate and he was only six years old when he was 12 and he had a self-accated. We're suffocated the town-son, beater, up and down on her. Right. He's dead. He's dead. It would be like going into a big song to dance because Rick Sange has had that crash and the guy died. We don't want to keep rehashing this. We had enough problems already. That would be like, pick it on for Greg Beauty or some of the down and out guy like that. And the rumor I was here is that Rick Sange is going to see him and I haven't seen him though. Go have you? No. Well, I think he's fit in real good now with all that hurricane Ivan coverage because if anybody blows, it certainly Rick Sange is. It's 11 past 11 and 5. I don't forget, look for the QM fan from now on to clock it. A Marital Wireless, plenty 104, Norse Flamingo Road. That's in Flamingo and Sheridan next to Ellie Fitness in Pembroke Fines. And here's the good news. You can stop by right now to pick up tickets this days. Marlins, Metz game. And registered to win 25 grand from the hurricane's Rick for cash contest. Our kick for cash. Okay, and no, maybe that's about Ricky Williams. Kick Ricky Williams for cash. The hurricane's kick for cash contest. Whatever that is, you can register to win that and also get some free tickets for days baseball game. And I looked on a Miami radar while back and it was some like, sort of top-up show. Is it, I mean, around here and here, but then look like anything too bad. As you look out the window where you're sitting right now. Oh, look at that. The shower just popped up. All right. Anyway, it's 12 past 11 at 5, 60 WQA. And if you have, I want to say, I want to say WLD. Can you believe it? Did you really? Yeah. I don't know why I did that. I almost said WLD. Oh, I can't do it. I'm probably about so. What's that? Maybe I'm finally getting out of this place. WLD. Oh, I hate that stage. Shame in. Wow. Anyway, it's 12 past 11 at 5, 60, this place. Yeah. He's why we show him when we hear now. Looks like the breaker rolls now. Snow Trump will find a roll ball. Lover and push and punch down. And I will never rise up now. Roof with tears. You have to put囉. Pew, pew, pew.�. Celebrating more favorite of flowers. Mad Neptune so silenced by miles. See you in the color of the clouds. It keeps coming for the clouds. and she's riding wtfIC that day And to the trout image and perch nontra virgin by the cast and my almost all of her what's gonna be işi boy with conspirators night and God money can even she's adding me north I've messing with Without the moral aid, we'll inspire you! One, we will all be! Goodbye, Lord Borshin начem! Goodbye, wee Four, reportedly! We gave a stressful, tang TS years rage We fought over him and ch WIN We fought over him and ch blossoms And now I just like it's not a big thing. I'm gonna replace that most Hollywood's for now. And I'm not a fan of you. My name's Tyrell Bina. One of my 10th and five, 60, WMV better talk real fast. We better rush it alive, okay? Don't say rush. 66 votes on the pool here. And it's not looking to do promising right now. But I, you know, I don't know what to say to you. Well, say something. Maybe I just won't. The less said the better. Because it's just the more every age that goes by, it makes you realize that the whole concept of, I guess this show has become extraordinarily insignificant. And I'm not belly aching about that because the idea of being paid exactly the same. For all you working this out there, how about this? How about if you had a work like, let's say a half or maybe 60% of what you're working on. You paid exactly the same if you're a close call. You're going to work from like nine to two or nine to one. Right. Or whatever. Or like a nine to one and have an hour for lunch. And we'll pay exactly the same. And you say, oh gee, that's a bad idea. But I guess I'll go for it. I'm going to feel really about that. Because they're approaching on your time. But I'm just saying, but this program has become relatively insignificant and Hank has become totally insignificant. And everybody in the world has become insignificant. So if you're in a good way, if you're in a good way, then you're going to be in deep due to what's going to be right now. I have to go. We have no doubt what. They're going to get big numbers. Right. Well, let's take a look at the first votes on the poll here so far. What's your take on the correct QM line up? I want Neil back at 10, 21. Greg Reach would be in a straight jacket for 10, and of course those people are. I'm so low. Correct. I want the hump or back now. 10. We want the hump or back. And what is it? What is the line up nine? Nobody seems to know. And I love it. I'm six. Only six out of 71 votes. So that's early tabulations there. But it's not looking to promising. You see what I'm saying? Right. I mean, what is that? Accurate. Well. I mean, how many times can I know he's in New Orleans with all these big radio meetings? And he's always got some excuse. You know, every time there's something like big crap going on, he's always absent, a wall, kind of like Bush. Remember yesterday, I was talking about the similar easy between him and Bush. There's another one. Whenever he's needed, whenever he's supposed to be someplace, he's always busy. Some, oh, Greg's out of town. Greg's out of town. He's got important meetings right now. He's in the Orleans, which conveniently, of course, being out of town when Hurricane Ivan is coming. I think that anybody who left town and doesn't want to share the misery and pain well, you folks down there. I mean. Well, thanks to our hurricane Ivan facts, sir. I appreciate it very much. Don't ever, even though I have a much clearer copy that I just printed before I got yours. I don't even say that he'll feel bad. I'm not the meaning that keeps in and employees. And especially if you get to know 11, I am tracking math. I love to see that. And Eric, I'm sure as soon as it becomes available, we'll keep popping that up on there on our website with the new tracking math. And also, we'll link to the National Hurricane Center on theorodus.com. Because those of you who like sit back, you know, with your thumb up your ass and like oblivious to life, I wouldn't adopt that attitude right now. You could do a thing for answers. And I kind of, I didn't do that. I was a prisoner of Zenda. I didn't go anywhere. But I wasn't in a total panic. And it was, you could, if you used your common sense, you need to listen carefully to the rational people. And there are a couple of them out there. You didn't have to go into a total panic, depending on where you live. Now, the one hospital guy that called yesterday from up there in Northern Palm Beach, Kelly, I wasn't talking about him because obviously we knew there was a good chance he was going to get his. I shouldn't have said it that way. But he got his. But anyway, because the new tracking thing, I don't want to go into it. Here's the 11 A.M. advice, real, okay? And see, there really sad part of it is, and I'm not going to lie to you. And I'm not going to lie to you. This business about dragging you into your own Friday. How many people really in South Florida with all the stuff that's going on? And has been going on for several days. How many people would have been tuned to the, in fact, how many are tuned to it right now, for example? I've got tuned in there. Because, you know, we don't have a news wire. We don't have a weather wire. We don't have any contact with the outside world. We don't have anything. I got some pet a wire. Yeah. Oh, man. Maybe a wire you to the telegram. Just for practice. So why the hell would anybody listen to us? Because as that is either these coverage wasn't really blue, even harder than hurricane Francis. But what do we got? We got nothing. We got simultaneous. So I think that, and who had that must have been a great thing. And I was really boring. And Channel 10 is pondress. The hurricane has stalled people were dying for information. Real information, not history. Now watching people hypervettinating nearly getting blown away on the B2. We have seen so much of that last 10, 15 years. I don't need to ever see that again. I'm not, I'm on impressed. I don't need to see that it's raining real hard. You can barely stand up and you're going to get pneumonia. I don't need to see that you're a stuttering jackass. What I do want to see is reporters on the beach showing other people out for being on the beach. Yeah, that's okay. What are you doing out here? And of course the response is, what about all you doing out here, jackass? And 11 a.m. the government in Jamaica is issued a hurricane warning for Jamaica. The first thing they said in this advisory was, a hurricane watch and tropical storm warning remain in effect for the entire southwest peninsula of Haiti. From the border now, I'm looking at that later statement. I don't think Katie's going to get, but anyway, from the border of Dominican Republic of Westward, I reported, put the Dominican and Democratic, including for our prince. A hurricane watch remains in effect to the kingdom islands. A hurricane warning will likely be required for the came in islands later today. At 11 o'clock this morning, the government of the Dominican Republic is issued a hurricane watch in several storm warning for the, a hurricane, a hurricane in a tropical storm, which means it effectively south western coast of the Dominican Republic, and I read public and Dominican from Palanca, westward to Marjona. I'm under for Vico Juno, is from Balajona. 11 o'clock this morning, the government of Cuba's issued a hurricane watch for central eastern Cuba from the province of Montanzas, eastward. Is there any unlived in Matanzas? I don't know. Well, let's find out. Let's see if it is for now. We're calling up and see how he's handling it. 11 o'clock this morning, the hurricane warning for a rubabon air and corassal and all warnings for Venezuela and Colombia have been discontinued. Interest in central and western Caribbean Sea should closely monitor the progress of dangerous hurricane Ivan. Hurricane Senator hear the coordinates again, in case you missed Lawrence to meet. Senator is located near 14.5 north, 71.4 west. The president moving toward the west north west at 13 knots, which is what? About 50 miles an hour. I don't know. A little more, a little more than I would say 15. The estimated minimum central pressure and this is not good. 920 millibars, that is mighty low, which means it's very, very strong and it's been doing a big blow. Let's see, do you have anything else to say? And we'll get that new hurricane map up there on our website. If I were you, why at least click the link to the National Hurricane Center or go to whatever other weather website you like. And I'd be keeping my eye on it. You're busy out there doing your plywood and your shutters, hurricane shutters. And so, you know, it can like she said before, I can go hundreds of miles in either direction, but at this particular case, this one is so big and dangerous and a current tracking. I wouldn't wait any later than tomorrow is my best advice. I'd be out there getting a lot of canned peaches, a lot of prunes in the box, a lot of sharmun. Of course, that's the bad part of it too, as you're not supposed to flush the water or too much. You're curled. So I fill up the bathtub because, you know, when you fill up the bathtub, it comes in handy for a lot of things. You can drink out of it. You can use it for fill up the toilet. You can take a bath in it and then you can drink some of it. Sure. All of these things. All of these things. You can pour it on your syrup. Okay, well we apologize because we really don't have a show today. We're like, you know, this was our ultimate wed dream with the idea that he would go on until I love and are close to 11 o'clock and then we got the pregame in 1230. And low and behold, we're like boxed into a corner with it. You're listening to real Roger. I'm going to go to the 45660. That's you, A-M. Let's take a call. We're not tag man at all, but hello. Hi, Arnold, how are you? Terrific. Thank you. Do you still believe kids in adults should exercise? Thank you, really? No, at least that you were standing. We've found out that he's actually big so you helped. And now of course, I'm traveling around the country, telling all the high school kids don't take fitness program. Come on, Mr. Ohio with Arnold Schwarzenegger. Hello. Hey, Arnold, I was just wondering how far you went to school. Well, a seven-year-old kid in school, the elementary school. Oh, how high can you tell? 50 to the 20s. Well, Lancaster, Pennsylvania with Arnold Schwarzenegger. Hello. I know both my parents work, so I'm home alone a lot. What should I do when I get bored? Take drugs. Seriously? Oh, yes. What kind of pot? Okay. Well, if the realtor is a permanent high, when you do it in the morning, I think the secret really is. As soon as you go out of the bed, through your pot, and you will feel great to listen to this. And never, Mom, away, you don't feel better after them before. That's right. You're the best, Donald. Thank you very much, Larry. What do you say, Roland, you get out of bed? It's 11.33, 27-0, the Marlon Pre-Game Show is less than an hour away. Oh, right. Why don't we do this like every day? You know? Yeah. I mean, if they don't really care whether we have a show left and not everybody can find out when we're on. And why don't we just do this every day? No, this pain in the acid, we're like two and a half hours some days. That's pretty, pretty heavy duty. 166 votes. What's your take on the correct QM lineup? I want Neil back at 10.44. What is it? What is that lineup? About 30, man. 30. Greg Ridge would be in a straight jacket, 28, which we knew before this lineup. I want to hump her back now. 27. It blows 21 and I love it only 16. Won't it? That's like less than 10%. I love it. I'd be loving it. Gary and Wiston, in fact, says please wait to close from Blue Leaver website. Could it be that Republican operative who is a frontman and Arnold's gubernatorial QU is actually a girly man? This is great, he says. And then here's the story. This couldn't possibly be another closet queen, could it? Next thing they'll be saying they missed Roger's a closet case. Who would say such a thing? Me. Congressman Dryer, alleged to have lived with another man, Hustler contacts Raw Story, representative David Dryer, 12-term Republican Congressman from California, is now out of the kind of gay activist Michael Rogers. Rogers? Who's sight blog active? Active. That's an input out of the spark of resignation of Congressman Ed Schrock, a Virginia late last month. He's also the subject investigation by Hustler magazine Dryer. Rogers says that he knows that Dryer was living with another man who didn't return his call by the way. I was especially interested in talking with Brad Smith about his living arrangements for the Congressman here in DC Rogers wrote, Hustler while unable to say much on the records said they've been looking at Dryer Sexuality and his positions on gay rights issues for some time. They've contacted Dryer's office. I'm getting choked up about this. They've contacted Dryer's office, giving them the chance to come forward candidly about his sexuality and the anti-gay rights positions he's taken throughout his use in Congress. Not another hypocrite. Oh no. Dryer's office was unavailable for comments. Surprisingly, Dryer who had a dismal 17th-per-z voting rating by the gay rights lobby human rights campaign in the last Congress refused to answer a question as to whether he was heterosexual when questioned during a serious radio interview August 31st, as opposed to a comical radio interview. And I think it's time for him to get serious, don't you? Okay. Think we have to take couple calls because we don't really have a lot of time for too many calls, but I'm sure there are a lot of people out there who are very, very concerned. And where the hell is that? A lot of an o'clock tracking map, dammit. Don't know. There are a little bit on the slow size, as far as posting that crap. And I'm sure that the moment that they put up the new tracking maps is supposed to be a 5am and PM and 11am and PM and VM. And I'm sure that the moment that those come down and air cool like had changed it on our website. Yes. And then he's getting the hell out of there. Yeah. Wow. I hate to break the news here, Eric, but don't look too good. Because he was, he had some problems. He had some issues. Yeah. When nothing went up there toward Orlando. But does I look at that dam, man? Wow. That's a tracking map. I don't want to get your nervous Eric, but. Although, see, like I said, the thing that really worries me is that if this thing is true, we're on the east side of this one, which is not where you want to be. The one good thing with Francis is that's not the only where we on the west side. But all that dryer kept getting sucked in. Can I say that? And as a result of west side was much less powerful and much less dangerous and much less rain, even though we had quite a bit, uh, then on the other side. So all of, and of course, there's still plenty of people out there. They don't have their power back yet. There's a real relief from their first dam thing. That's why, you know, if you want to live in a tropical swamp in an outdoor septic tank, then you're in a right place folks that's all I can tell you. Man, why would anybody unless they're stuck there and can't get out? Why would anybody want to live in a tropical swamp? With, with mosquitoes as big as bowling balls and incredible un, inseparable, suffocating humidity and hurricanes three of them within a month. It looks like unless we, unless we dodge the bullet, this time. So it comes up over the keys and then like, what, what do you call that? Over alligator alley. Now, south east, like right now by the tip. Can I say that? Right down by the asset of the peninsula. And then up just west of Lake Okeechobee and then leaving, uh, tour clock in a morning on Tuesday. And again, this is way out several days ago. Uh, it looks to me on a map I would call that like Melbourne again. Oh no, can you believe that? Oh my God. Boy, 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Don't panic, don't go overboard, don't go crazy. But just do the things that you, uh, gusts to do this time. I wouldn't just sit around with a big lot of things. Exactly. That's right. Don't panic. Be calm like us. WCWM, hello. Yeah, I don't know. Great. Listen, you've been through the world these hurricanes and everything like that. Well, what does your take? I mean, what's the God to like preparation for this. What's the next one? I mean, do you really think they're going to come in three? You really think we're going to, I mean, you've been down here 20 something to you. So you must know about these hurricanes. This one looks bad. I mean, is this one really, I mean, you, Yeah, so if you were, if you were ever going to prepare for one and put up your shutters or plywood or do all the, uh, get all the supplies, the water, stuff, this would be the one I would tell you to do it and do it today in tomorrow. Okay, because I will end with you going to expect to do it. I'll take you for, you know, your work. I mean, a man of, uh, conscience. So I take you being serious. That would be just a, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. A serious man like me, right? Yes, if you're, you are very should, when it comes to the bossing, the, maybe hitting the keys to our clock Monday morning. And of course, already we'll be getting the effects from it at that point. Or are you because I'm out there if they can. So we're going to hatch his belly. Where are you? How many of you are in? Where are you when you, in the microwave? I mean, I'm in, I'm in Chris, so good like to power. Where am I? And I, like I said, we had enormous rain yesterday. It's all over now though. It's blown on out. It's going to be beautiful next several days here. Here where I am. Where are you? Where am I? Oh, I don't know. I'm away. Maybe that should give him a clue. Or here's the, uh, large thing. Now this is the previous one. The only saving grace that I might tell you is that in 24 hours, from five o'clock yesterday morning to the five o'clock map, the tracking map this morning is that yesterday morning they had it going north over Cuba, but west, remember I talked about this west of Naples. And then last night the 11 o'clock, they showed it going up over Cuba, but a little more to the east as it came to Florida and right into Tampa, which, uh, with all the respect to our coastlines in Tampa better than then us. But now the new one, like I just got through telling this rain nervous gentleman, right through these slicing right through the center of the peninsula, just kind of like that guy in the Washington state. And his eight year old kids slicing right through it, although hopefully one piece of blood he is at one. Now seriously, this is not one to laugh about or a yuck yuck about. And Miss Kamala, if you want to get some good information, there's always a weather channel who are reasonably good, including that hyperventilating guy up there on the beach. And then of course there's Don, no one channel 10. There's Roland Stedman at wonderful, uh, what's your name again? Robinson, Tina, Tina Robinson, I'm saying she's good. She is a known nonsense, weather lady, man. And she does a fine job. And nobody knows who the hell she is. And she's not one of the more, um, I don't know, high profile, weather people, I guess, and time. But she's a good job. If you want to get hysterical and go crazy and get the gun out and blow your brains up and certainly channels 4 and 7 are the places that will induce you to develop. 19 till noon, Marlon pregame at 1230, Marlon's and the met. Don't forget get some of them pre tickets over there to QMVAM now. Marital virus, 2010, four Northland, go road. Over the years you heard me talk about Chuck L L L. You know, you're going to be a new map is up on in the site. Thank you. Like I was starting the same before I was so rudely interrupted by George Wetz and very important information. Over the years you've heard me talk about Charles Alphair. Many, many times, many thousands of times. About two to the man. At least, and Charlie's the best in the business because for over 35 years he's been providing amazing natural hairlocking systems that are virtually 100% un-detectable. And right now Charlie's introduced him to the latest development in the hair restoration center setting, new deal called the New Laser Light Therapy Treatment. And this is used for treating fine and fitting hair. This new treatment is FIA certified and we stores your hair and scalp back to its healthy estate while increasing hair shaft density and volume. I guess we could say that floor does not necessarily help the estate. The new laser light therapy and its cool light laser devices affect about both men and women. And it's a painless non-invasive treatment that is complete in just about half an hour. In other words, about 30 minutes. Charlie, the staff of Wooden is dramatic results with this new system that impedes hair fallout for people with fine and fitting hair. So stop thinking that it's going to be a miracle that's going to get your hair to stop falling into the sink to shower on the floor and the yard wherever. And give Charlie a call. There's no obligation he'll tell you more about this exciting new laser light therapy treatment and how can stop your thinning hair problem forever because it really can change your life. Call him toll free today. It's 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413. Early next week, still very strong category five storms. Or log onto his website at CharlesOffEarory.com. Your little things have me who rudges. Relatively, 256-321-2413. Amen. Got some good news, maybe. Just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 430 p.m. And the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unblock all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets, and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces. The post office recommends that you mail early in the day, and for those with automobile's alternate side of the street parking will be suspended. That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 430 p.m. Market down. The following announcement is made for by Adidas Nike to Cleveland Cavaliers and Haynes Underwear. So what's up? This is the Bronze James. Give me a little love. Come on. One. I'm a massive ball fina on Akron. Oh, hi. My stone tires for your car truck are at you week. Can I get a little bit of a love on it? My own tires run up. Now, the Ohio State Athletic Association has suspended me for a rest of the season. Oh, man. And declared me an intelligence board or something because I accepted two old school sports jersey. Oh, come on. Come on. What? I don't know the state what the hell I don't roll. All right, most people. I got lots of birthdays during the county. Yeah. I got it. I got it. Nice. You know what people like to give me things like this here. Pepsi, a twist on a great thing. Oh, my God. We got it. Great. Right. All right. Anyway, drink Pepsi. I'm just a normal 18 year old high school student who just happened to drive a 50,000 dollar. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. Where's the diamond here in the size of a small child's head? It's rather dead. It's a fucking hate you. Because every kid's beginning with kids. Think they're ready. Right. I don't get the whole big thing. Checking when? I may still go to college. All right. I got some of the open-rated check this book. And unnamed school is nestled in the blue grass area. I got that. This is a pen house of army, a pen house, pear-like. And a lifetime subscription to bread, I'm begging you. I feel they're offering like a theme tag is deal. He's not an institution in the heart of the triple hill area. Which will go on name. They've made me honored to have me. They have boxed up and sent to me a naked Russian woman that wrecked from Russia. I know. Which I keep from my old boy, right? I have an uncept to eat it. But she's knocking, screaming, and whatnot. I have my boy Tyra here pushing in the garage with my box of food ran from a unnamed university. Co-Sense Associated with a Wolverine. Man, it's everybody! They're all ruined! They're all ruined! They're all ruined! They're all ruined! Anyway, I got to get back to class now with my boys. No, no, no, no, no, no. I don't get a piss. I already missed like three months so far. Oh snap! I just built my Pepsi twist on my new juggle boss. And looking at this, I got a little McDonald special sauce on there. Well by the way, come on up party, was a big match. We're 4 limited time. You visit one part to spin and we don't have to buy a big bag. You can know what for 35 cents. I want to sell you to one day! You get a big bag! Into one day! Yeah, peace out! The British Union has been paid for by Footlocker, and unnamed university in the Nutmeg state and deaf comedy jam. That was a special, sauce that was Barbara Bush. Anyways, looking 49. And I got good news, maybe. Okay. the air is going to have the new attract him up any second. Don't you think that's what he said? And then he's because the good news is for him and for us and again we don't know. These things keep changing. I don't know what to tell you. I know that I'm not changing any plans until I see a little bit more definitive like you know what I'm saying. What do you say? I'm saying maybe they'll want to go and get those generators right yet. Okay. The shoulders. The shoulders yes because I started to think of what happens if we get a real big one. What I said yesterday before we saw this change. With the new tracking map, I'd love to clock this morning from the National Hurricane Center shows. Still a hurricane going right over Jamaica, man with a big blow and then going to the Northwest and then a little bit to the north over the western part of Cuba, the western third, you turn of Cuba and then heading to North but the start of the heading to North is like to the west quite a ways of where it was. I would say a lot of no maybe 50 miles maybe. Not turn the man. No more than that. And so it comes up on sure I get all no look what it looks like on the map to me. I could be wrong. My geography is fairly good. It looks like maybe punta gorda, punta gorda, so drop at 10 yards in punta. So it looks like way if this is true that we won't have to cancel the golfing post bonus right? Is that a good point? I'm not the mood for it. And it shows let's see 8 a.m Monday. You know this is a quite a change. If you say a Monday it's still just half of the keys. It's approaching the key west is matter of fact on a Monday court of the new tracking map, which you'll see on the ararjud.com momentarily any second. If it's not already on your. And then going north over like the port charlotte punta gorda, whatever north of Fort Myers and Naples. And then up toward I guess there would be Ocala. Maybe blowing lakeland off the map and then up toward Ocala, which I hope those horses are safe up there. Right? Yes we hope. It would be quite a way's west of an area called though you would be on the right hand side but we certainly far enough away if it takes this track and again it's a big if or the best of course of all worlds would be if it keeps moving back to where the west because I don't know there must be. In fact you probably ought to pop on the weather channel right now. Okay, be a really good idea. They're in a commercial or they like what have even we're getting our local work in orbit warnings on the south side. Anyway, so it looks a day and Monday very close to the center to key west. And that's right on the outer edge of the cone. I think this one is like toffee. Okay, the ice cream on the cone. In fact I think Brian and Miss Kamala are having a hissing that over is going to get to look at first. And then it takes that northward turn and according to this that would be the center of hurricane I have will be 80m2s the right smack dab over Lakeland. Got it? I got it. You ever been in Lakeland? I must have. I might hold his Ocala. I know because this map is just. I don't know. I think that's more like a little bit north of Lakeland, right? Yes. Yes. And that this looks like to me. So like I said Eric I wouldn't relax too much because then all that far from you and of course you're being on the east side of this. He's gone. Yeah, he said yeah I'm going to update the map and then. Yeah. Not that he's nervous. Random like that. Well he has to go restock. Apparently they still have it recovered in recent days. Oh and I'm sure I know what he's going to restock on food. He hasn't updated the map. We still have the 5am map on there. How are you my money? Let's see a different map. You do? I do. And what's the time on it? Wait. I don't see the map. There's 11. Oh yeah, 11am dt. Well I better refresh my computer over here. Okay. I better take a long refreshing look at this thing and refresh it because if we if I only got the 5 o'clock I'm way behind and I'm going to total panic at this point. Yeah. I'm going to not let me get it to go. I don't have it. I don't have it. I don't have it. I don't have it. Well I'm looking at the 5am and I'm not wise that Mr. Computer expert. I don't know. I mean the audience is just screaming at the radio is right up. I should get in. At this time I'll wait. Good with it, Mr. Refresh again. How a Pepsi twist. Yeah. I love that big. That's a great thing. And I'm sure you do too. I am a Kilton good time. Let me take a look. I got a lot of a fish to fry here. Oh there is this still a 5am somewhere. I'm doing something wrong. Okay. How do you feel that green or egg? Huh? I feel that green. Who did? I did not. I spilled it all over my pants. Anyway, can I get back to my stuff here or even if you guys are going to do it in this Cuban Hissy Fit thing? Memo show Bush is speded from flying. Oh my God. Newly on Earth Memo stay George W Bush was suspended from flying for the Texas International Gardering to Vietnam more because he failed to meet guard standards and failed to take his annual flight physical as required. He was suspended. Suspended a sentence. How do you like that? The suspension came as Bush was trying to arrange a transfer to non-flying status with a unit Alabama so it could work on a political campaign there. A memo written a year later referred to one military official pushing the sugar coach Bush's annual evaluation. That was the exact term sugar coat his evaluation. This draft-thogging piece of turd him. On this date, I ordered that first lieutenant Bush be suspended from flights that is due to faded of perform to US Air Force Texas A&G standards and faded to meet the annual physical examination. This is a national guard that says August 1st, 1972, member by Lieutenant Colonel Jerry Kylian, who is now dead. The same memo notes that Bush was trying to transfer to non-flying status out of state and recommends that the Texas unit filled his flying slot with a more seasoned pilot from the list of qualified Vietnam pilots that have rotated. In other words, they were telling El Presidente, Purge and Rotate. The Vietnam Eradocuments and details to the Verbalen's explanation of Bush's aids over the years, and he was suspended simply because he decided to skip his flight physical ride. So, as each day goes by, you see, finally the Democrats and the Kerry people, they're finally starting to strike back. If you want to sling a bunch of crap at us, we're going to throw back some really heavy duty crap in you, and it's going to smell pretty damn bad. You're listening to new people, new Rogers, and exclusively on five-second. You're a... Mr. Dick Kaney, I like to relax by having very diagonal and massage my balls while listening to the notorious welcomes of an hour. I'm dying of a hair. I joined the Nazi Party, they used to call it the GOP. And I strongly agree with rightly callers, these soldiers won't be coming for me. So I went to the Nazi Party, convention held in the Empire State. For 9-11, they decided to hit their hands and shake, and dance on the drain. I'm leaving my car now. The Bush's doctrine is with you, you see you feeling, and he won't hit you. And thank for yourself. What's up, dog? The Bush approved the appeal of the film, the party. The entertainment that the Nazi Party was appropriate to Christian and wife. There was David, you, to clear, channel the proof, the Greenland, and to the Greenpeace, keys. I'm watching, oh rightly now, and hand-culture is with. If you don't believe, but you see only one of the issues, I don't see hell. I'm going to say the wrong thing. By the way, I did get the map back before I got your facts, but thanks for so much anyway, George. Let's see, State map before, that's what we want, right? Do you got a map? I'm going to map agrande, no. I'm going to map a pecania. Go get it, man. Get weathered. Let's see, statewide map of Florida section 1. This is great. You can get anything you want on the internet. I think I just clicked the wrong thing. Because I don't want to be talking about Lakeland because now she's got to look like Regainsville where she's got to big thing, and that's not good. But tell me it's hookin' around to it. I'm going to hurt you, Pernas. Like you're going to hook around the Gainesville from the coast, right? That's what she's shown, right? Yes, skip this. Oh, I'm so sad. Sorry, it's got a road map. I don't even know a road map, huh? Anyway, 56, 70, 56, the only Verizon in singular wireless line might have time for a couple of calls to Sapphire or not. What do you mean this half-hour? Well, this half-hour? 12, 30, it's audio, so leave it at her. Court of day. Projects, outside gas stations, the people seem to have left preparation for this storm through a very last minute. In fact, on our tour through the city this morning, we haven't seen the first shoot of pride with boards going up to protect windows or anything. And that really is the general impression that people have really left hurricane preparation pretty late. You know, talking to the weather experts this morning, they tell us that the storm is currently lying about 430 miles. Now, the 15th since just off the southern coast and police say that their plans in place are evacuated to 300,000 people. Yeah. That evacuation plan will only kick in if the expected flooding starts to take place. And that will certainly be a tour order. To carry out that scale of evacuation, if these expected 160 mile an hour wins to glory in them. Now, in addition, the Prime Minister TJ Patterson has been on TV. He's made a broadcast of a nation saying that you make it to prepare themselves for what he called imminent danger. He also advised them to prepare for the worst case scenario. I know our George is really upset about this. So, what I really find weed is going to like you. Just get blown off of the ocean, you know? We're getting from Mexico lately. Oh, I see. So, anyway, that's the latest deal right now. We got the only toll 1230. Don't forget the, we still got Marlon's meds tickets. I can't imagine that we would. Yes, we do. How is that possible? Maybe that's because nobody's listening. I don't know. Look for the QM van right now to want to clock at a Marital Wireless. I said 2104 Northlander road. That's the Mongol-Win Sheridan Street right next to LA Fitness in Pemberg Pines. Stop by to pick up three tickets of these Marlon's meds. And register when 25 grand from the Hurricanes kicked for cashpines. I see it was only like a few more than 14,000 announced at the Marlon Meds game last night. Now, what would be the reason for that? Did it rain last night by you? No. Well, you see, I think that people have got a lot of fish to fry this. We can maybe have an late, late, late, late fish fry or something. But they got all kinds of stuff to like put their lives back together after Francis. And now they're probably scrambling around trying desperately to watch out for Ivan. But like I said, if it were to continue, which is, probably won't. Because it just goes, these go all over the place. But if we're continuing on that 11 o'clock track, Ivan would go up over the western part of Florida. And if we go saw, yeah, I'm just a few miles to the west of where it is predicted to go now. I'm turning man. It would be out there when it'd go. And of course, the right side of it though would be, perilously close to us, sorry, soda and tampa and same peat and clear water. All of these things in the end, and somewhere up over to Panhandle again, which they just got through getting rinsed from Francis just a couple of days ago. And then probably the same scenario where it goes up over Alabama with the Vanjoannits knee and Georgia and then goes whipping up into the northeast so we all get drenched with rain up all through the northeast like we did here last two days. All of it's over now. Right here in T.O.A. You ever been in T.O.A.? No, I've been T.O.A. That's what I've been told. Uh, I guess I better take your- I take your break. I was gonna say take your car. Are you crazy? Sure, listen to me. Roger, get squished. I'm out of the same thing. Every Monday evening our law, and these things still life captured here, There we go. Sex and stuff like Casso Burger, When you build the hole and the in the hole, all men and breasts that make their West be�ing a square per few holes. It's a whole ring that is built all along. We drink, we've been sighted, we've been flies, we've fallen all around. Because of breathing, seeing the winds and the sun. And the sun goes out. Why don't you get to a specific or two, you know, put the my thumb right on it, but it was to me like Lake Wayne of Istha. It's the way that thing is on this map. I mean, it's, what are the chances of it's going to, like, get a lake weight of his body. It's not a third of the man. But I just wouldn't be going there this weekend. You're going to lake, going to vista? I don't think so. No. Okay, our pull is looking very, very bad for Greg Reed. It's, it's, it's, look like he did it again, man. He just keeps shooting himself in the foot, and over and over again. He just can't do anything right. And yet every time he jumps into this gigantic bunch of cow dung, he comes out of there just looking as pristine, but that silly guy's hair cut and a beautiful birch brother's suit, and the smell and luck lielocks. I don't know how anybody does it. He must have a whole bunch of horseshoe. But turn the man. A piss and a wreck him. Anyway, what's your take on the current QM lineup is our pull question, 320 six votes. I want Neil back at 10 is leading with 87 plus these six point six percent. That's a pretty hefty duty number when you think indeed. I want to hump her back now, 64 now. I like that two weeks from circus, but now 64. What is that lineup? 53. What is it? Greg Weich had been a straight jacket 48, and of course we all agree. Absolutely. It blows 38, and I love it only 36. I love it as in last place to know QM lineup. That's only 11 percent. I've almost four or three hundred and fifty vote. Speaking of holes, here's a little bit of good news for those of us to the left of Ganges Khan, with her without any comp. Four cast of John Kerry's political demise may have an exaggerated reason. Disney still could be cleaned away narrowly lead in the US presidential race. You're going to pull published yesterday. Are you ready for this or what? No, that sounds like Tommy Propagin. Well, this is from a British newspaper that Guardian, so they might have some little bit more objective in some of these right wing rags, let the light. They pulled by Zag the international reflected a state of play in 20 swing states and found that the surge in George Bush's support thereafter last week's Republican convention was less pronounced. Then the double digits existed in two weekend pulls by time in Newsweek. Both of those pulls triggered alarm and finger pointing with Democratic camp and a reshuffle in the Kerry team. But other surveys have since existed to Bush convention bounce was much smaller in the context of Mainzburg closed. In other words, he doesn't have quite so much bounce to be ounce. These Gandhi pulls as the president has made up ground in many of the 20 battlegrounds state for Mr. Kerry retains a slim lead in most of them and up to give them the majority and the electoral college if we had the vote right now that they won't do it. All right. Let's have it right now. Oh, there's doofus coming off a Air Force one right now as we speak. Look at him. Check on what's on it. However, what they're on. The college, the electoral college, which was the president's may well. We know all about that. The Pozagley pull right now gives Kerry 273 electoral votes to 222 for Bush down from the past two months, but they significant edge all the same. There's no doubt that Bush got a bounce, but no way is he up 11 points. Johns, I've been hit as ugly in the national city yesterday. Newsweek showed Mr. Bush 11 points ahead. Time also gave him a 9 point lead, but another survey by Gallup CNN, you have to say that he showed only a 1 point lead and a 7 point lead among likely voters. And you got to get a purgerge of her. So this business that they're trying to convince you, oh, it's all over. No waste of time stuff like that. Don't get sucked into that, okay? Don't believe that for just a second. That's part of the same propaganda. And that thing that's really pulled the other day that had to be of anything I've ever read seen heard that had to be one of the most grotesque. Oh, yes, if you would like John Kerry, we're going to have another terrorist attack. And you're going to die. Nothing to try this area or anything like that. And I don't want to scare you, but we got another break. It's not a foul. It's a true mirror. We go Rogers mornings and we get scared. We're so well-napsed. We're finally systems of the future. We are. Or even loves the O'Rodgers. Oh, so deep. Oh, so deep. Oh, so deep. Oh, so deep. Oh, so deep. Oh, so deep. Oh, so deep. Oh, so deep. Oh, so deep. Oh, so deep. Oh, so deep. Oh, so deep. Oh, my brain, She got that stance. Now, let me sink more, her now<|ja|> I was all alone... Feel you can suffer fame tricks all men But, in the news there... I could DON'T GAME THIS DAMN STوب CHAIN THE FACE Sultan system! Harbor him!燭 OFF THE FOP AL錢 AL STEAL お ここ が た た た ご sc 他 な し っ た た Oh my friends, they've got nuts and the red thing for a fatt ball. So pink, this is how we speak to our Lord of the Soul. So pink, this is how we speak to the Soul. So in the side of the top, so in the whole cap of my heart. I saw him in a post-me<|ru|>, he didn't understand where the slutper is charged. Yes, I saw him in the smoke, smoke, smoke, all around, he never bullied me. So pink, this is how we speak to our Lord of the Soul. I saw him in a post-me<|ru|>, he didn't understand where the slutper is. So in the side of the top, so in the whole cap of my heart. So in the side of the top, so in the whole cap of my heart. So in the side of the top, so in the side of the top, so in the side of the top, so in the side of the top. So in the side of the top, so in the side of the top, so in the side of the top, so in the side of the top. So in the side of the top, so in the side of the top, so in the side of the top, so in the side of the top. So in the side of the top, so in the side of the top, so in the side of the top, so in the side of the top. So in the side of the top, so in the side of the top, so in the side of the top, so in the side of the top. And the last dose of her gunshot wound was ross, their breasts. Hidden from the hand of the back hand, a wrenchous disc or some euro-bommel. A recipe on the back that The other four appear to be in good health. We're taking by us, can't be accountable, control, we're trying to make him available for adoption. He should have been in the gray. I thought you told me. Can I say one perjutset? And not a shallow one either, a deep one. Anyway, Jesus, speaking of, I saw Jesus, Jesus wouldn't have voted for Obama. He says, that Allen keys man, what a kidder, you know? Man, what a kidder sparks are he is. Republican, US Senate, and what a right wing extremist lunatic, even the mainstream Republicans, if they're just thinking, even a right wing Republican is the way I don't do with him. They don't want to get too close. Republican, US Senate candidate, Allen keys, who's got a much change chances of China in the hell. The clear to us did that Jesus if he were able to vote Neil Illinois this year would oppose different credit, direct Obama, because votes Obama's cash in the state Senate against anti-avortial legislation. Christ would not vote for Barack Obama, because Barack Obama's voted to be having a way that is inconceivable for Christ to a behave key set. On the available comments were the latest in the series of controversial remarks made by the insane keys they considered a former talk show, who's in prison, and so candid imported from Maryland by the state to you'll be after primary winner Jack Ryan dropped out of the race in disgrace. Key's made his remarks in a news conference that he called the focus attention on a downstate campaign speech of Amigabrice Lee in which according to a carbon deal newspaper, he said he didn't want to just be to Republican November, but give him a spanking. He wanted a spank him. I can tell him what I've enjoyed that. The reason I do is because he exemplifies the kind of scorched or a splice in Bernegative campaign that become the custom in Washington is the reason we can't get anything done. Obama said accordingly, so then Illinois's in the carbon deal. Key said Obama's use of the term spanking could evoke strong images of black adults being treated like children in the areas of slavery and too. Oh, not that's not a reaches it. No, he's he to. He to climb to say whether he thought that was Obama's intent, but I think it is possible at Barack Obama meant many things, many things. Please. And, well, it's amazing. I squeezed in a lot of this stuff. We didn't have time for too many of your great articles, but to bed. Los Angeles, Cardinal Roger and Mahoney was ordered. We asked the editor over documents in the secret personnel files of a Roman Catholic priest accused of sexually bruising children. After a judge rejected his claim that prosecutors were interfering with Roman Catholic church operations in violation of the U.S. Constitution. Right. I know that in the Constitution says you should be allowed to molest children and alter boys. Sure. Superior court judge Thomas F. Nuss ruled that disclosing internal documents to criminal investigators doesn't violate the ability of the church to pretty exercise religion nor does it illegally entangle the state in church business rather than the state has a compelling interest in prosecuting child molesters a world in a court judge. I'm so willing to correct the court. I'm so willing to correct the court. I'm so willing to Roger. Exclusively on 567 AM. Good. Coming up next, Ben Kwera, I have a question for that. We make over. Yes, they're air-fied. Trying to take over the T.L.O. again from that Mohammed Lutters game. If he's to succeed, he needs some help. No kidding. I'm just up with that du-rag. I'm so five minutes ago. Really? And that's crackling gear. I mean, who are you? It's going to be our biggest challenge ever. But we're ready to scrap that drab wardrobe and transform the yessir from a ringo star look alike too. Well, he's still going to look like ringo, but just clean our. We need to do something about those glasses too. Oh, we're going to be doing just a ton of things. On the next clear eye for that pallet's ditty and die. There is ditty and today. Okay, hold on. Bring the intro. Hold on to the mess. Coming up next. And then we got to黨 Thank the Mohammed Seven. And everybody well. Boy 40 Pычte and bad hangover. That four thoughts were something. Full of red couple. Three nine. Three nine. Your honour. Watch solid. C- Oh sailors! Ahh my Woo! A-A-C-Box Tory- shut me fire