If all of you are desgiter than you are You could not Poop These are art ye Poop Gold to nit Joy здоров Poop Brilliant Create the appendix To the Māor Mad Oh, a very young child, oh my way that cold In the garden, in your way, if you don't mess my mouth in your jaw I'm talking to the man that's almost I'm talking to my son, change But here's the Lord, I have to go yet If you want to touch the face, you're the old man And go this place only, except Hey, I'm leaving with the morning and the dawn Oh, I'm saving him to relax, so shut the air If you want to hear the sounds of the sound I just told you, you made out, when you thought you were not a man If you can't go up, with a flat chain, this lady that And about is a fire, I've got to feel my feet I'm beating, I'm dying, I'm dying I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying Come on, hold the road, hey Joe, you're dying I'm dying, I'm dying Oh, no, no, no, no Two more boys say they were molested by Michael Jackson Look at that eventually, you got a lot of fish to fry today It's a holiday, so we're going to play a lot of bits We don't have any fish to fry Although I won't tell you this, tell me Before I do though, about to be Eastern Clarence and where they are Now you stop and think about it, because everybody else Is be fuddled as to where they are today, going to make me think Yeah, all right, give the bad news Here's more bad news in Iraqi child and two US soldiers Died in three-severed explosions today in Iraq Coalition in Iraqi officials say Two more soldiers and an Iraqi child And a whole bunch more people injured, but you notice we never hear about the Interest in, you know, and this is where I am And this is where I am, it's like the Iraqi child, because you don't care I'm out of it, right? Anyway, 445 priests have been accused of sex abuse This is the US Catholic Bishop's Conference report Really? Yeah, who made that? It was about 1300, this is between 1950 and 2002 4,450, it just isolated incidents Well, that's not the incident, that's the number of priests Many of whom had like 10 or more incidents, but at any rate But we know, we'll get all the numbers for you Beast and Territz are in San Francisco Getting hit and hit, it's wrong with you The bitch is getting hit Line out hundreds of other couples are, so what's wrong with a Beast and Clarence? They'll come back with a big smile on their posts Here's the result of the pool from, uh, Friday A lot of votes on there, and there's nobody in town today, so we're going to take a really slow Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha There's nobody around Nobody in town, and I say more power to them, but I was saying as yours before the show started It's a real commentary on South Florida, what it's all about The fact that every time there's a 3 day weekend People just bail out of there like it was leprosy in the streets Speaking of bad stuff in the streets, the Haitians are a little bit disturbed these days Have you noticed that? Yeah, I'm not, I don't think they're revolting Well, that's your opinion Anyway, here's the result of the pool Thank God, I'm a real mechanic, you know what? Yes indeed, let's just make sure to show that they my fax machine My printer faxed my great brother, mother mother It's a beautiful thing, handy Jim Dandy, and it got all jammed up there And I thought, oh, was going to die right before the show, that's bad But I got in there and I stuck my nose in it, and I focused it 2185 votes, what's your take on the master's theory all over the USA about Filth on radio and TV, and I think today could be the last day we can say, Okay, so let's say a lot Okay, and anybody after his ticket of taking a crap don't do that either Until the crap police come into your house and check it out 2185, the Bush government of the FCC are obscene 532 people said that I don't want the government censoring my entertainment for 08 Let's have more sex, less violence Oh, right, 317, what a bunch of crap It was just one partial teet in morons, 252 in edictor's referring to Janet Jackson And that whole flap from the Super Bowl that all of a sudden got everybody in this goody two shoes mode Freedom in America's dead, 174 said that, I agree, clean it all up now Clean up all up now, 153, 7% also Michael Powell is a grandstanding asshole 153 said that A dead foot of tie, flat foot of dead between those two Whatever happened to freedom of speech, 133, I guess it's kind of speechless now, right? Yeah, and where do I get my passport quick? 63 out of nearly 2,200 votes I like how I said there's nobody in town now, but I think that once they find out that Halle's berries are on our website today, and it was very luscious parable, otherwise it's a nice picture That's from the movie, what? Soared fish, swordfish, a horrible movie, but a nice parable, goody, and then it goes There was some good explosions, really? I would imagine what her syndrome might like that, you think it could be a lot of explosions There could be many explosions from people in the audience, what's they take a look at that picture And this keep perusing, it'll be on there How often we're going to change these? Let me go for once a week, but you know who knows, we'll play by once a week, or more, who knows? Are you just going week? W-E-A-A-K. Okay, and I'll let you see, is this thing, look at that, the appell that Eric Man, you can't touch him And of course, he's got the little things in there where you can vote on our hot couple's contest, we got 35, thanks everybody who sent in their pictures I'm not making any comments about who I vote for and you are neither. No, not. But, what? Huh? What an asshole. Oh, it's speaking of assholes, I almost forgot, I'm not saying about assholes' charges. See, there's a difference between sucking around for free food and booze and having any self respect. You have no self respect. What am I going to do? I can't afford self respect, I have children to feed. If you wouldn't have shown up in great surprise birthday party on Friday, it would have made no difference, you'd still be there. Yeah, but still. But what? Free food and booze. And then I hear Joe Rose consorting and having a little crossover with more and guilty, I guess everybody's getting kind of mellow now, huh? Before the fourth of March when that next trend comes out of the way, it's kind of mellowing hot. The one good thing is we got no pain in the ass of middle-level management people because Muff got on those where she is probably keywest. And parents and feast are in San Francisco, they're hitching it. They're at the old hitching, because her duff was going to be the maid of honor. I heard he was going to be made. Let's see, all saran shawna got three votes real quick. I better not tell her who's got any votes because then, okay? We'll go down to this little later round, but at least people are voting now, which is good. Other hot couple's contests. First place winner at the end of the week, are we going to make the deadline on Friday at two? I thought that's what we are. Discussed. I say we'll make it Friday at like 155 so we can read it. Yeah, so we can put it on the air. That would be a little more segment. Sure. I've always, two more say they were molested by Michael Jackson. And then I got the rest of that Michael Jackson thing to read from Vanity. Ferrano is fond of us too much reading, we know that they don't like that. So we'll take a lot of calls like this one. WQAN. Boring. Boring. You're right. He's looking into me and he said it's Boring. Although, sounds like he's been guarding with razor blades this morning. Now you notice, I guarantee you anything that there are so few people in town. But you'll notice that every one of the nut cases, every one of the regular goofball jobs, they'll all be there. You'll see. We'll hear from each and every one today. Even though it's president's day to big freaking holiday, here's our poll today. Let's get that up there too before we get into our heavy duty stuff and play lots of lots of cram. Is that what we want to do? Yeah, man. Which of these do you think was the biggest scandal? Let's see, two, four, six, eight, ten. We got 10 scandals on here. Besides whenever they let this jackass out, they just crawl again. Would you like to just take a baseball back to that? There's a list. I have a list. Man. Get out that old Louisville slugger. We got children up against the wall. Watergate. Monica Pinescape. Invasive Iraq based on lies. Michael Jackson Child Malustation Charges. John Kerry Droggade, which by the way, in the judge didn't do too big over the weekend. A couple of fun pages of stories and then kind of fizzled out. What had doubted it all? Fizzled out. A Kerry wins big in the van and Washington D.C. Howard Dean's got the tourists. He's got a mental problem. Anyway, John Kerry Droggade, I don't think that's going to get many votes. Gary Hart done a rise. Remember that? Oh yeah. Vatican Banking scandal. Freeze Charges scandal, which is a very timely day for that 4,000 part of the 50 priest accused between 1950 and 2002 Amalustian children. Gary Coddichon relief, he lets old new his small potatoes, but we'll put it on. And OJ Simpson murder charges. Should I run those down again? I don't think Robert Blake deserves beyond here yet, do you? Yeah, why not? It's a real deal. Okay. Till now. And she deserved it. Right. Robert Blake murder charges. Although now we might think that Christian did it. Robert Blake murder. Okay. Well, I'm not one on there. Which of these do you think was the biggest scandal? Watergate, Monica Pinesgate. W.K.U.A.M. John Bach. Invasive Iraq based on lies. Michael Jackson Child Malustation Charges. John Kerry Dredge Gates. See what I mean? See the lifeless ones they never leave town. They're always there. They have no life. They have no cash. They have no job. They have no nothing. And so they're just sitting there glued to their phone waiting for their few moments in the sunshine. No change for a bus ticket. Gary Hart Donner Rice. Vatican Banking scandal. Priest TraumaBear's scandal. Gary Coddichon relief. OJ Simpson murder charges. Robert Blake murder charges. Might be anything out. Think about it. W.K.U.A.M. Sir. Let me have some of these free stuff we hear from the last 10 days back. Go on over here. Well, I'll be right back. Yes, all over the world. Hey, I got job. I got cash. Oh, you're funny. It's a cant. It's a cantaloupe thing. W.K.U.A.M. Hello. See there on. You don't have to let me down. I told you it could be a perfect day. When the chips are down, man, these folks are always there to bail us up. They've not mistaken about it because there's nobody with a brain is still in that town. This, you know, three day weekend. And for a lot of people they took off Friday was like a full day weekend. What's not to like? We're here though. Working our brains off to entertain an amused and bore the crap out of the audience. Fum and it's after the hour we got the mad dog at you. We got pretty pristine lot of considering it's a holiday. It's a pay holiday. And George did show up in suck red weeds ash on Friday night in a surprise birthday party at the Boca. Where was it? Boca golf club country club. But mad dog didn't show. Oh, right. Hey didn't show. Oh, rock. Oh, rock. And he hated and show. I certainly wasn't going to fly it out for that crap. Oh, ready to show. So there we go. I just can't believe what little stuff respect you got. Well, anything perfemale. It's pathetic. I've taught you nothing for all these years. I've taught you a little self respect for me. Here's the guy. I've decided to turn my turn to our drug regas. Here's the guy who appreciates you about as much as somebody. Appreciate a cricket that crawls up their ass. Yeah. That's how much he appreciates you. Yeah. So nevertheless, we still have to put on a phony eye. Hey, Greg. Happy birthday, Greg. You sh-muck. But you know what I said. Yeah. Now, hey listen, that was a compliment. I was several upgrades. 1013 when it comes to mattresses America's leading brand is celiby. The celiby posture pedicline is world famous for comfort and durability. If you want rock bottom prices on the entire line of a brand who celiby posture pedicline is celiby posture pedic every day 365 days year call 1 800 mattress. That's the number for our good piezines of dialometres. Phylumacris carried the complete line of celiby and other even easy to care for the ever before because celiby's new line of posture pedics never have to be flipped or rotated. Just like the beast. Just set it up and enjoy years of comfort and fact. They'll set it up for you. These beds are constructed to provide optimal comfort on the sleeping service and last three years and years. So just make that one easy call right now 1 800 mattress and speak with an expert bed and consult. You'll enjoy service ranked the best anywhere for overall customer satisfaction. With low prices same day delivery. Free setup and will blow it easy to see while dialometres is ranked normal or no in customers satisfaction even where they don't speak Spanish. So when you're at great night's sleep tonight with a city posture pedic from dialometres I've been doing it for years. George Volca Brian Miguel Fettboy all the smart folks in some way so smart at QAM are doing it too. Just call 1 800 mattress. They'll be knocking on your door. No time at all. 1 800 MATTRES or online at smectrist.com. This is my life and love. This is for 3.056. You and yeah. Not that you have to stop. Come to Larry King Live joining us tonight as a son of the bed life. I'll come finish off. You do so. Let's have you. What time you got? Let's see. Best best to help in my life. So this is your first appearance on American television right? We're not exactly like they're not this very double. And that's right. Well at 9-11 things pretty much like that. Stop women in a past right? Of course. You're not to mention the bush who removed the American basis when so this lawyer as I we've. So all those warnings. No, I bought a wallet. So how's that dialysis coming along? I praise our love for all our hobbies and that tells us not to wear a pants. That's a room for the bad you see. Okay. Let's take a call from 2. Let's go. What's the question? Yeah. I got me a question. You got change for a five. I didn't know. Okay. Thanks for joining us tonight Osama. What is all that? You'll be seeing Osama in October surprise this fall on CBS. We'll be back with Tristan and Ryan right after this. Ever see Osama and Jeff Hremmer together? Hey. Good. Bring their wallet. 1018 at 560 WCM. Look at this. The correct answer I think maybe wouldn't be a full so far. I didn't look. Which of these was the biggest scandal. In page of Iraq based on lies 27. Two more dead American soldiers by the way, which barely even gets noticed anymore in the media. That's why we start to show whether it was a stats every day. Because nobody even talks about it no more. It's kind of like in Vietnam. Well, speaking of Vietnam, the doctor John Kerry is being the final picture. We'll get to that. Not to do no dirty tricks. Not like that. That's how desperate they are. I mean, they're in a total panic. They're in a free fall. They're in a White House. And it's a great to see. 47 votes. 27 say in page of Iraq based on lies. 9. Priest, a child abuse scandal. OJ Simpson murder charges. Four. Watergate. Three. Vatican banking scandal. Two. Gary Condon. Sean Relievee. And Michael Jackson. Thomas. Stacey. Charlie is only got one. It's early. It's a busy looking at how he's various. He's just me. We better leave that on for a couple of days because a lot of people are out of town. We don't want the regular audience. Other than not jobs. We don't want them to miss Halley's berries. But I say every two days we change it. And they don't have to be celebrities. All right. And on the woods just some hot looking babe with some big hudders. That's all. Okay. And a more pornographic to better. Why not? Okay. Don't tell them they're saying. Sure. You're leaving off the OJ and Jim Sullivan. Who's generally become a real pain in the ass with idiotic face. He's got a good one here. You're right. He has a day of 2000 election. Right? Right. That was a scandal. Although of course the public sat bag. But no one would like that. Which I don't think they're going to sit back this November. I'm going to bet your life on it right now that Kerry wins Florida. Why do you like that? Right. He's going to win Florida big time. In fact, by so much that even without being able to. Well, of course you never know what he's voting machines. Right. But anyway, that's my prediction. So are we ending that one on there? It also Robert. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We got Robert Pleuk to never need it. He won't get any. No. But try to call it. Certainly John Kerry and Drudgegate. That whole thing. Man, did I have wings or what? Oh, god. Here's the, oh, good. Lots of Deaths to reports is our daily Death reporter. Bob Kiddel who. Call of full baseball coach in pitching and struck through again in 1936 is a minor league pitcher and continue working in baseball all the way enough of your pitching. Until 2003, we would have served as special little pitching instructor for the Seattle Mariners. Uh, died February 10th at a hospital in the Yakama Washington of kidney failure and diabetes at 86. Oh, that's all them up. Tony Pope Ben Kuh. What is it voice over artist whose cartoon career included the Transformers Spider-Man tail spin, Digimon and the adventures of tech Teddy Ruckspin. I'm beside myself. What? Alter. You know who Tony Pope was? And I do now. The Pope's dead. As well as numerous did and don't be blown no smoke about it either. Numbers Disney cartels whose movie credits include Who Frambrowger Mavid, Shrek, Drek, the Prince of Light, died February 11th in LA due to complications during Lake Syredree at the age of 56. Oh, man. And Scott Walker died. Uh oh. Well, but why thoughts of one of the sports strangest characters during the 90s who fought under the moniker of the pink cat wearing pink boxing trunks and stood back Carol Ajay M's Dean had a lifetime market of 25 and 713 kilos along whose butts were over Alex Arguillo in 1995 and lost the Julio Caesar's Chavez in 1996 with Spongebob January 31st in the Patty Junction Arizona. A Vonsec specified costs as he was 34. I always like those unspecified causes. He's dead well while we can't figure it out yet. But we'll let you know. Don't ask questions. Right. He ain't breathing. It don't look too good. Speaking of don't look too good. Wait a minute. WCWM Hello. QAM Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, let's talk to me. Speaking. I want to know why is it that what that film cast was referred to as president. What would you call me, guys? He said set of a bits. What would you call him? Well, uh, he's related. And for a moment. Did I want to, when was that selection he won for presidency? Two years ago. Two years ago. And you will vote. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out. Get out of here. Computing there is all that you will see. You just lint think about Fadell Также today. Fadell Hair Red加入 To got our voice out of slices of food. All right. We like the sounds. Robotics. boys who played their were molested by Michael Jackson and Quarra's learned exclusively. The boys came forward just weeks ago in mid-Jay and New Year and their stories could virtually guarantee a prison term for the 45-year-old King of Bob. Cap say this is the big break they've been looking for, a source posted the investigation told the inquiry. Two more witnesses telling consistent and truthful stories that demonstrate a similar pattern may legal behavior from Jackson could put the singer behind bars for a decade or more. They keep saying that over and over again, which is very good. The new year will have a great time in here. The new underage witnesses live in the LA or in both say the sexual encounters would Jackson occur within the past year. Both also say that Jackson applied them with wine calling it Jesus' juice. Let's have some Jesus' juice. Jesus, that's good. Did Greg serve Jesus' juice at his surprise birthday party Friday night? Oh, he didn't serve it. It was there, though. No class. This is the same scenario described by the cancer-stricken boys at the center of charges filed against Jackson currently. The boys were located at after the parents called Polis, the parents after becoming aware of the charges against Jackson questioned their children who had spent time with them. These kids unrelated to each other and the first alleged victim told their parents that Michael had given them wine and engaged in sexual behavior with them. Try the wine. Caps have interviewed parents of both potential new witnesses and discussed their options. The parents are nervous about the situation in the cooperation with criminal investigations not assured of this point, but investigators believe they'll cooperate and turn the criminal evidence against Jackson into a powerhouse. And it says the boys in the LA, aren't the only ones police are talking. Do they'll soon be flagged in the York City to talk to someone involved in the original child molestation allegations made 10 years ago. They also plan on taking a trip to Yale. Miami to talk to other potential witnesses in the case. In addition, a second boy who claimed years ago they were sexual molestive by Jackson then left the country as returned and he too could testify. And you just hear the parliament now singing, I want to testify. I want that record, Volker Brian. I want that song. I want to testify about the parliament. I love that. Don't you love it? It's good. You didn't even know the song. Yeah, do. Sing a little bit of it. Oh no, no, no. He'd be leaving. Oh, let's see. Iran countered the worst. Well, I put that on. There was a scandal. Was the whole all-inorth Iran counter we lied. Okay, John, whatever you say. Iran countered. Why don't put that on there? Sure, what I'm asking about it. I get about it. He may have forgotten some of the details. So ask him about it. Well, so we're adding some more to this list, which is okay. Lots of scandals, man. We're talking big, who's the juicy scandals. Top D in A discusses a plan to back carry. You know, I don't want to say that Howard Dean is like a little, maybe the pressure got to him. I think maybe that's what set him off. Because he's just lost it. I'm not so sure he ever really had it. You know, he was a, he was a creation of the internet. And that should speak for itself, shouldn't it? Because you know about a lot of the people who've spent much, much, much, much time on the internet. But he's just refuses to say goodbye. It's one of the, you know, the, you know, the, the unabied against who came to there and just kind of like, uh, made himself comfortable on the couch. Turn out of TV, grab your hold of the remote, and that's it and screw you. The man who came to dinner and never left. That's Howard Dean. He won't go away. But Steve Grossman, who is the chairman of the Dean, uh, presidential campaign, says that if, if Dean doesn't win in Wisconsin tomorrow, which is there any chance that he will, that he's going to leave and they will join the carry race. He says, I will reach out to John Kerry and unless he reaches out to me first. I'll make it clear that I'll do anything and everything I can to help me come to this person. And the Dean's got no chance to win Wisconsin on a scale of zero. He's got minus infinity tomorrow. His crowds, you can't complain about the crowds for his speeches anymore. Because they're out of neither like hundreds of empty seats, no matter where he speaks. Because he's done, he's finished. You're done Howard. Nice try. Hey Howard. I've so moved. You're done. Maybe I can help. Is it all people named Howard, and just don't know when they're done? Is that what the problem? Absolutely. 27 after 10 at 5. 60. Nobody can. He was there sucking up the free booze. You get to meet him. He just wife? I didn't meet his wife. I mean, I saw her there. But in other words, you didn't, uh, conserve with Moan. Mrs. Maas. He was walking by. We, uh, you know, had a, uh, I don't know, a moment. But we never. Yeah, no. So like a, he had well Howard kind of a moment. But he didn't introduce his wife and I didn't do this. I ain't or nothing. In other words, he was a little fridge. A little children. He's, uh, brief. I see. Anyway, everybody in there, brother is on the Ankins now. And I'm going to tell you one thing. Even when he was alive, he was never as popular as he is now. He was on Saturday on Larry King, even though he's dead. And his wife's going to be on what's your name for Monica Atkins. He's going to be on the right. It's going to be great. I hope she's not fat. Anyway, if you're on the Ankins, then there'll be a little carb dad. The An and are you going to love this story? Do you like to waste? Booker because they got something that your supermarkets don't have for ankins or other low carb diets? And that's variety. They've got a worth thousand low carb products and stock including reds and bagels, cookies and crackers, things with some taste to them, chips and brownies, cheese cakes, chocolate, ice cream, pasta, sauces and ketchup. And if you like to find a wide selection anywhere in the universe, they're open every day, seven days a week from 10 in a, and 10 p.m. And one of the great things of the lights you can try anything in the store before you buy it to see if you like it. And there's staff knows dieting inside an after-respirance when it comes to low carb. And they have the complete line, the biggest selection of the Ankins brand products anywhere which are on sale today, next morning, to be some tissue above every day. So the low carb diet is rated number one, one on the head for the number one low carb sugar free store anywhere. The lights are waste, bokeh. You'll find them on the northeast quarter of blades in 441. Right next door to Boston Market. You can call them tool free, one, eight seven seven low carb, L.O.W. C.A.R.B. or on the web you'll find a bit low carb.com. And if there is only one July time so , at the end is your official Atkins retail center. See you guys soon, and thuss your bad man. What!? I have been everybody with me! I have been everywhere! I'd been a villager! I've been a leaps shoel of fuel. That a fucking bowl just broke the brakes... We'll serve both of them, which is going to open the door. We'll hold them on the campus down the mountain. We're going to South Carolina. And also home up. And I have a gun out. I know it's a gun out. And you guys to go. And that's it. Let me hear it. Let me hear it. Let me hear it. I hear it. Let me hear it. I hear it. Let me hear it. Let me hear it. Let me hear it. I know I got a gun out. I hear it. I hear it. I hear it. I know it's a gun out. I do not know. I do not know. From the Tampa职 colleges to the Commission shameless guy again of just ordinary rightly Hitler. Anybody has a calle to the Lotus Artist boat business Church. And the слушators, calledaves, call it consumer ox enactment right away on the W its Yum, suspended President. We're going to South Carolina. And Mr. Madeleine definitely is a greater excuse for it. We wait in Saballas leaves where man we are everywhere man by the ban. I've been everywhere. And then we're going to… And we are going to watch some of you see that. We take to the wide-轉! He was introduced to basically doing one thing. He says the same thing over and over and over again about. He was the first one to come out against the war and he was the first one to tell you about the no child left behind was a fraud and he did it before became fashionable and he was the first one who did this and the first one did it and that's it. That's all he says. And he says, blank look on his post like you don't confuse me with the fact I'm Mr. Oblivious. I told you there was something a little bit off and he does. He looks exactly like your Costella will in a few years. I'm telling you right now, even though you're in denial. Hey listen, you went to Greg's birthday party so what do you know about a life? What do you know about life? Well, you will be if you go to one more those. You're the one that taught me how to do free meals. Yeah, free meals if they're but not something like that. You know the ratings parties or the station Christmas party. Fine, that's great. What's the difference? Greg reads surprise birthday party. Yeah. My, I got a book a country club. I can't afford to go to a crime here. No. You can't have a book. Yeah. See even he's got enough self respect. He wasn't a white old paid. Of course he was. He's associated with his show. He was not invited. Anybody was Josh there were you there. He was not invited. What do you mean he's associated with his show? Somebody had a representative. That's right. You were there to represent the Neil Rogers show at Greg's party. And pretend that we really care. We don't care Greg. Okay. We're not even going to wish you happy birthday. To you stranger. He don't even show his post one on there. And they're a wise choice. We know the way he's stabbed us in a heart right through the heart. But nevertheless, photograph show Senator Kerry would Jane found an anti-war rally. Don't you problem is it's photo. It's a fake. It's erasads. It's on our website. You can take a look at that when you're through a Checkin' out Halle's berries. You want to see the response we're getting already. Even though there's nobody in town? Yeah. I'll show you. I'll show you. Nobody QA in. Hello. Yeah. Hi. Yes sir. Yeah. Hi. I just wanted to do your eye on this. Do you want to show time last night? No, I did night. Oh my god. You missed me. Did it all about the calm by an ammunition that they bought from Kmart? Yeah. He made Kmart stop selling ammunition. Right. He went to Chalph and asked him to have. And he said, yeah, I'm a director. Chalph and he's got all pumped up. You know, that's in Bullying for Caliby. And that he said, oh yeah. They were sure. In other words, the movie was on? Yes. Well, I see the movie. No, it wasn't a movie. It wasn't documentary. It felt like a war. Anyone to chop an bastard house and chop an bastard house and... Oh, I never great day, pal. Keep that guy rushes all here and go away to please. So we can call him by was on last night. Now watch the little of it. Yeah. I see it bowling for Caliby and twice. Okay. It was not a documentary about Michael Moore's life. It was a documentary about his thing. Not no big deal. And anyway, it was a great movie. Everybody got to be forced to watch it. And yes, I have seen it. So when you just don't even understand, you don't care that. That's what bowling for Caliby and his. So it's a documentary. One of the Academy Award for Best Documentary Last Year. But nevertheless, I'll get back to this picture, which after you're through a check-in-out, Halle's Birries. Here's a picture of it says actress and anti-war activist Jane Fonda. Speak to a crowd of Vietnam veterans. As activist and former Vietnam, Fetcham Kari, listens and prepares to speak and certainly warn Vietnam. And it says AP Photo. The only problem is it says it's fake. And you'll see, as you look a little bit down, you'll see that the real photo, which Joe John Kari is sitting there by himself, I'll with nobody next to him, and Jane Fonda is cropped in. The original photograph captured Kari alone, preparing to give a speech to the register for Peace rally in Minneapolis, York, June 13, 1970. Three months prior to the event pictured in the previous Fonda Kari photo. Someone has grabbed an image of Jane Fonda with a microphone on the picture and knocked it up as a newspaper photo to create an impression of a closeness between the subjects. So that's part of the whole Schmerthing. Oh yeah, he's got this intern. He's got this broad over there in Africa now, whose name has been outed already the picture. And nobody cares about that because there's not even a story there. Well, he came on to where he did, yeah, I noticed Miss Fajja's already voted on our poll. Do you see that? No, I have a little bit of a high note. Because John Kari and Drugsgate has got one vote. High school in that. Nobody's buying it. And anyway. Five, six, seven. I want to give as many crank. I mean, as many great calls on today as we can, because it is a holiday. And I think I proved my point. And this last guy who started out, I thought he was a real call. You know what? He was a real call, but no, it was a documentary on Michael Moore's life. Sure. Isn't that what they had on Showtime last night? I documentary. It was a documentary on Michael Moore's life. That's right. Started when he was a baby. Exactly. And it ends when he dies. Five, six, seven, five, six. We haven't heard from, let's see, what does it got to say? You started with a human, you miserable, you're so hungry for me, though. The Husky guy. And Husky guy. You're a miserable son of a bitch. Yeah, the one who drags it out. He'll be on there. Yeah. He don't have money for bus to get either. WQAM, hello. Yeah, are you doing money? Pretty good, pal. Uh, once of the day, come up 500 yesterday. I'm so sorry. Yeah. So I'm, well, the president was there. I don't know if you heard that or not. Yeah, I know. The section he was in, I happened to be sitting in. To get in there. It was about a three hour wait to get through the metal detectors. You had to get searched. You know, he got checked. All these things, you know. He stayed perhaps the race. He used it as a public speaking ground. He was using gravel. One of the interviews, he was asked about why he's at the race. He said that he was talking to a senator. And he, he almost said that it's the senator said, if you want to get reelected, you need to get down to the races. But he stopped missing and totally backed out of the question. It was pretty cool. Really? He was, he was, he was, he was, he was, he was a lot of news there, which was, you know, that's kind of good for all those red next to the door. Right. Well, that's what he's called. That's a whole purpose of it. But another was, there was, I, I, I, I could, there was more, negative towards them than positive. So we might be getting in the race direction. Well, he is a danger to the race. The human race. Thanks for the good news. Down in a hundred, great life. Okay. And don't go back to the thing again. Where they go round and round and around. Oh, boy. Man, that's stuff just to leave me limp. But to each its own, you know, there's some people like horse racing, which is very exciting. And, you know, he can actually make a few bucks on it or lose. And then there are other people who want to watch cars go around. I don't know. You know. But the good news is, what's his name on the race? What is his name? They learn hard junior. Oh, yeah. Little one race. They're only reason I know that is because they just had to unsee an animal while to go and, does anybody care? No. And one thing I don't want to name, I don't want to hear. Do you know who really pisses me off? Who really pisses? Rich assholes. Who in the, if he's a person, more power to you. If, you know, but if you're rich asshole, then you really piss me off. Just take your money and go away. We don't want to see a number. Those people are respect. They made a lot of money. They were enjoying it. They leave us alone. More power to him. I love those people. The fact maybe they'll send me some of it. But people like George Steinbrenner just make me one. I get, oh, he's got a rob. The egg is 25 million dollar man. You know, something blow out your ass. Both a rod and Steinbrenner. Blow out your ass. I'm so glad that I don't have anything to do with baseball. No more. I don't watch it. I don't care about it. When I started with these 10 and 12 and 13 and 15 and 20 million dollar salaries, I said, bye bye. That's it. It's not, it's not even a sick joke. It's pathetic. But never let's see George just say because he didn't care about any of it. Huh? So how do you like George Steinbrenner? Who? Oh, look at me. He's got two things. He's got tons of money. He's got a big, big fat eagle. Oh, we're going to win the world. He's just like Wayne did, you know, back in 97. The same crap. Bought the world series and instead, everybody through the heart. Those of you who want to subsidize billionaires, men you go right ahead. Dickens, Dickens, Dickens, suck my kneecaps. 10, 41 at five, 60 pretty tasty, two by the way, Wayne. Hey, if you're planning on replacing your carpeting because they look pretty nasty and they don't smell too good either. Don't waste all of that cash. Unless you're a billionaire-like Steinbrenner or Wayne. If you want your area of rugs in your carpeting, you'd drape for your pulse for y'all. Look and just like you had it bought yesterday. Like it's brand new. Just call my good friend to dry concepts. Please don't waste all the other cash. Because they'll give you a fair guarantee to written price up front before they start to job. They'll roll up their sleeves and then they'll go about doing a job like you've never seen before. They'll make even this schmuckiest looking carpet in the world. Look and smell just like brand new. That is correct. They leave them vibrant and color soft to the touch. They smell like any fresh. They grind a couple of hours and everybody who comes into your home will think you had brand new laid right on your floor. Like I said, no rip off. So guarantee written price right up front before they start to work and when they're done, it's like a miracle's happened in your house. When you do call dry concepts, we should have asked them to put you under Stan Violis, which will save you an extra 15% on the already unbeatable price to be stupidish out they do for you. Here's the number to call tool free 1-800-248-5071. I've been using them in my home for over 20 years. You ought to be doing the same because nobody does it like dry concepts. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out of the way. But dry concepts.com. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out. 1-800-248-5071 for one moment later. 1-800-248's for the end. 1-800-248-50490. 1-800-092 1-800-40-19AU3 1046 and 560 WQM, look at how many votes they're leading couples gone. Sarah and Sean, I'll actually come as no surprise because Sarah is showing us her nips. Thank you Sarah for that. And they're obviously for real, she has been having those overblown, gigantic bloated phony balloony water balloon kind of teets, right? I sure wish Monica had shared. Let's see, second place you got Monica and Brian, you got about 20. I just read the top view because we got 35. That would never kill a whole show to read, you know what I'm saying? So like I said, I'll read them all twice. Well, that's a holiday for crying out loud. Yes. Aaron and Brandon got 17. They were in our last year in the contest to give it a shot. Aaron third place right now with 17. Nothing wrong with them. Uh, usually all in Rick, I totally they would do well for team. Did not tell you that? Karen and Joe got a dozen. Uh, Jesse and Jeffrey have got 10. They were also last year, he had a shot. Also nothing wrong with them. Common in Danny six, uh, lean in Andy, you got five and look at those perverts, those old pervers, they're Lucy and the tape, got five nice going guys. Yeah. So, if you're sharing, ever too old, do uh, thank you guys. Anyway, that's all we got so far, everybody. Also smaller potatoes and we'll get to them. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Canada condemns racist, Conan O'Brien TV show. Oh my god. Oh, Sprox, he will be on a shave. I'm a pissed off, it done. Sherry, they're pissed off into the world. We can't help it. All you frogs, everybody hates French Canadians. Spursing in South Florida. You can relate to this. You don't who hates them too? Who's that? The French, the French, French, French and France? Yes. Who the hell have they to talk? They've been in France? No. Don't. Okay. Canada's government Friday condemned to show by your aunt course, Conan O'Brien was here most of the last week and just the ratings in Canada for that show were just by so far the biggest ever for late night show. I mean, humongous. Anyway, condemned to show by US late night TV show host Conan O'Brien and sold a French speaking people in Quebec and seeing this exist everybody in Quebec province was homosexual. Well, we know that. Absolutely. Of course, they could have included Ontario too. Absolutely. The whole country probably. Except for a few cowboys in Calgary and we're not too sure about them and in Moestra. I guess the further northy gate you might find a few stray straight people like up there in medicine hat. Ottawa and the province of Ontario paid 760 greater helpful Brian who appears on NBC, bring a show to Toronto last week for the boost to cities profile after that. Or when this SARS outbreak last year, they're just about killed a city. But the federal government said a Brian and gone too far with the show broadcast on Thursday in which he went to Quebec and province which says, hey, separate his government for much the last 20 years and is a delicate political topic in Canada. Hey, we wanted this associate ourselves from the comments which were broadcast last night because we don't support them in any way to junior government minister, Moraleo Villange, told parliament. You know, Mr. Villange, not personally though. And one by the way, how can they call Castro president? And one point in the show, try out the insult counter to see another who try out his because I don't watch Conan or Brian do you? I'll try it for all over the place he has crossed over. He's been on other shows. He's been on other shows. He crosses, he's great. He's not like a cross guard against all comica. Poles though punches and it's a gars smoking fool. Oh, he did. That's a rip off on on on the a sock and the sock I'm much TV. Yeah, what up? Right? Who does? Oh, I did the sock has been under for your census to rip off. I hand puppet that's a regular run to show, said to a co-bacter, your French or obnoxious and you know speaking English. They told another I can spread your clock from here. Wow, so what's wrong with those comments? A Brian's team will also show him replacing street signs in the province with those that read Quebec queer street and the post of Quebec queer street and rude de puces. See, it's a good thing I'm reading that in French because I didn't know we'd be in the crap. Alex and McDonald, I just later for the left leaning new Democrats described the program as racist, filth and utterly vile and demanded the government secretly turn the million dollar Canadian subsidy. There may be those who say, isn't this interfering with the universe of expression? It's not interfering to say we will not publicly fund this kind of file vicious hate-mongering McDonald reporters, but longjade didn't come into asking for money back. Peter Sumalia say, tomato business, vanuilpring, the show of the city said the sketch was just a joke and called a fear a tempest in a peepot. Quebec is the home of some great comics, Queenie, as he said they understand comedy. Nobody at NBC was available for comedy, I don't know. So only the frauds will have been out of shape. Everybody else loved it, like they did everywhere else. So you go, Conan, even though I don't watch your show. So you didn't actually say, well, you watch your show or not? Oh, I've seen it, but I don't watch it. Does that make any sense? Yeah, that's good. You almost redeem yourself for going to Griggs. Surprise birthday party. Hey, surprise Greg. Oh, look at that. They told a beach, they didn't have a collar, but he had moments to go, went to the Daytona 500. A beer soaked, the de-apparice wells looked chicken. GM 35 of the George Bush protesters had encountered plenty of profanity along their parade march Sunday to the Daytona National Speedway from Embrе-Rill, Ernautical University, but a beer bottle thrown by an Enraged Race Band turned to send it near disaster. The glass bottle shattered on a nearer aluminum pool, barely missing the head of Paris wells, a 20-year-old Embrе-Rill student. That was real close. You said watching is a police officer, let a woman away in handcuffs, and beds of copper and after they hit a real well. One of the protest organizers, 21-year-old Majina Sigue, and Embrе-Rill senior, said Bush needed to know he didn't necessarily have the NASCAR damn vote in the bag. Unless you want to waste car, you're not going to be benefited by Bush and the policies he said. The protesters, young and old, carried signs that a red drop Bush not bombs, and Bush lied Americans died while chanting, hey, hey, ho-ho, George Bush has got to go. Hey, man, hey, ho-ho, give old Bush to old he-ho. Nice going. I feel like this. Well, he probably fit in well. He was in his environment with love at Yahoo's. You know, I realize not everybody coasts, all those races is a bunch of Yahoo's. You've got a couple of grease balls like Joe Costellon. That's about it. And then our previous caller who didn't sound like Yahoo at all, did he? No. Sound like he, you know, bright enough to know better. But that's okay. That's an international sport, though, you know. I don't care. Which of these do you think was the biggest scandal ever? 239 votes. Invasive Iraq based on lies, 92, two more dead American soldiers by the way today. Which nobody's even penny attention to anymore. It'll be 600, be for long, and it'll be 700. Although we're going to have those elections by the end of July, are we? No, we're going to turn everything over to them and get that out. Are we now? A 2,000 election 46. Please try to be a scandal 37. Maybe the reason it's not getting more voices because it was no surprise to anybody. Although I should have a lot more votes than that, shouldn't it? A 2,000. A 2,000. Watergate 19. OJ Simpson murder charge only 16. A 0. Once upon a time, we could have done this pool in OJ would have been right up there on top. But he's slipping. Oh, man. Yeah. Well, he'll kill two people. Monica penisgate 10. Vatican banking scandal 7. Michael Jackson travel a station charges full. Iran contra 4. Hasalina Arthur. Gary Kada Chandra Levy 2. Gary Hart down a rise one. John Kerry Droggay once. So Matt's voted nice going this stage. Hope you have a nice time back there. And Robert Blake murder charges none 239 votes. And that's because on like Nicole this bitch finally she had a comment. Every American could agree with that right. Right. Except maybe your sister. Yeah. Well, he was sister. Probably not a scam and bitch just like her. How do you know that? You know how DNA works. Next thing, you know, you're going to make in drug charges against your sister. Did you just kind of a dope pepper? Maybe just a dope. Wouldn't surprise me. There's just something about the deep South. I don't care what any of you say, man. Oh, any of who say. Guess what movie I saw over the weekend? Well, I took into one I saw which I came across by accident with Johnny Depp and as soon as I see Johnny Depp, I snows. Santa pay attention. It will be he's called Dead Man. Very, very strange and an excellent movie. It's just, you know, strange. And the other movie was Mrs. It was Mrs. Itbe burning, which I've seen many, many, many times. And it makes me realize that the more things change the more they stay the same. The deep South and the US. We need to have a separation of the states. We need to go back to North and South, right over the 20th of me. And South Florida can just kind of float. Part of it can float south, which it's already there, I think. And the rest of it can just float off into the Atlantic. Or maybe off over by the Bahamas somewhere. Okay. Bring a little bit of civilization to some of those barbarians over there. Yeah, I'm not. I've just did joke. We're just fun and you know. Okay. No, we're not. Who are we to talk? Yeah. Now, some of those barbarians over there. I'm on. Is that what they call the Bahamian, Bahamian, Barbarians? Oh, I got bad news over those people for the Bahamian. We sure vote for you four times November because it says here, the 2000 pull problems may be turned. Despite the help America vote outside in 2002 to improve the electoral system. Well, first of all, the electoral college system's got to go. 32 million registered voters still will be using punch cards this November in the presidential election. According to a report released last week. Illinois, Missouri, Ohio, Tennessee, and Utah will have the largest number of counties time to use punch cards. Florida where the system of course was a nightmare as replaced. All-age punch card machines. We do either optical electronic equipment, but the bad news is that Bobby Wexler lost that lawsuit and we're not going to have any paper trail. So they can just make it up as they go along. It's a possibility you can still have a problem in 2004 if the election is close. Kimble Brace, president of election, data service, and sendering news conference on Thursday, changing has been made to probably not as much as we anticipated. And y'all, y'all. In other words, if it's too close to fixed might be in. So they sure invoke for carry 15, 20, maybe. But to the man. Just to be on the safe side. Because if it's too close, then the fix will be in. Four minutes before 11 at 5, 60, WQM, and directs diabetic is in delicious meal replacement drink. That happens is made for people like me living with diabetes or, for anybody also wants to cut down their sugar intake because we know they're shadow of a doctor's sugar kills. And Rax diabetic is sweetened with splinter which is made from sugar. So there's no nasty aftertaste like he would ask for payment sacrum. Like I said, splinter is made from sugar, but it's not sugar, okay? Capees? Recommended by doctors and diet positions for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're going to hurry. And Rax diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides use with all the essential vitamins and minerals you need for a healthy life. Plus it's got fiber, antioxidants, and yet it's low and saturated fat and cholesterol too. And Rax diabetic is gluten free lactose free and an ounce can provides you with 237 calories of easy to digest nutrition. You try to once an Ikea and see how much your option is life on it. You'll never go back to whatever you were drinking before. Thick up some heterosexual diabetic wherever you're shopping at publics, wall greens, echards, Navarro, Sedano, CVS, or if you like that free two pack, all you have to do is make that one simple call at 1-866-368-3739. Our friends at Interest Diabetic will send you the two pack 1 vanilla 1 chocolate. Or you can order online at interrex diabetic.com just click on words as free samples. When you call be sure and tell that Neil Sansy for the delicious one by mentioning my name, give yourself an additional special gift. Call today 1-866-368-3739. So they see that we're lacking in the call. All right. They've brought out a headline that will be due by the call. I'm sharing it. They're sharing it. It's the one. They get out there. I don't think one. They take it. They don't like it. Don't worry about it. We got it. Now they're looking at sharing it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. Yeah. We should not live in this with any God you can do. We can't get any God without a phone call to be. You do it. We're saying it's like the call on the phone. We're full. I say you're the best. I'm sharing the same. So they call it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. Oh. 11.02560. I'll take a one thing. Howard Dean and Joe Costello are the same person. See you're not looking in the right place. If you look at her. Hey, if you look at Joe's lips, you'll see. That's Howard Dean. I'm telling you right now. It's the same person in drag. Okay. I think he borrows most piece when he goes on those debates. Anyway, I guarantee Joe probably gets his many votes. Howard Dean's going to get tomorrow and Wisconsin. Oh, God. It's just a so sad. He did some nice things. He got a lot of people motivated interested in the process. Yaddy, Yaddy, Yaddy, Yaddy, Yaddy, Yaddy. All that stuff sounds wonderful. Wow. Like that one choice we had on the poll. I one day. Thank goodness we learned while it was wasn't too late. Oh, brother. Anyway, which of these do you think was the biggest scandals? Are political issues? I think it was. Anyway, which of these do you think was the biggest scandals? Are political issues? We got so many different things going on today. We got Halle's berries and even though it's a holiday and there's nobody in town. We're getting the phenomenal result on our website. Okay. See, we don't care about the show anymore. We just get about our website, right? Like, what do you mean by that? What? Well, we got a lot of stuff going on there. They're intertwined. And those people don't have a computer up. You know, that's your problem. It's a very short time. We're going to buy one when he's through penalties. People are in pay and pay rot. He'll buy all of PC. That's a good one. That's just some chinsy one, but a real good one. The most expensive one. In fact, don't we want to get the Joshua computer? Are you ever going to get that thing in your house, Joshua? Can you get that thing going? That's not on me. We're working on it, though. It's not on you. It's on Tomo's book. I know. I mean, Troy, I say, Tomo's is. If it's not correct, forget about it. See, I've got to teach your lifetime. It's Troy a Stanford. It's on his ass. Anyway, that's a horrible thought. 109 people say the biggest scandal of all time in vision of a right based on lies. 257. See, we just put that on there. And we're still bitter about that. Each one of those 57 people are going to vote like a million times in November. Not looking to good proportion, Florida. Priest Charlie's scandal 42, as it's moving up as it well should, 4,450 priests just in the U.S. alone. A accused of a child molestation between 1950 and 1950. And remember those assholes in the beginning? Oh, it's just a few isolated incidents. You're just making a mountain out of a whole hill, man. Right, that is. Watergate 26, OJ Simpson murder charges 18 over the Adinis is a menace. Monica penis gate 12. How do you like that? We went through an a whole impeachment thing. And only 12 people think that was a big similar in their right. Then it can banking scandal seven. Iran counter five. Michael Jackson, travel, a station charges four. Gary counter, Charlie V. 2. Gary Hart on a rice one. John Kerry, a fugitive, only misclutch things it is because that's his vote. And Robert Blake murder charges about the big. Oh, that's only a nobody's going to vote for that because he He ended up pubic service or Christian. We don't know yet. Is he Christian? Bread to it. Oh, don't start with Christian Brandon again. We're to please that's the excuse. He's going to be the scapegoat. That's all. Whatever. Nobody's buying him. Are they? They're going to be a good one. There's a ball on head and off to us already. Screw him. Screw Marlon Brando. Well, while they cost what if he was still around. And I know there's some lines for that, but let's try to keep the license going. Okay. Walk away. Five, six, seven, five, 16. Now we get some calls. We get the crank signal back again. As often as they like today. Today we're going to get out of their system, right? We still haven't heard you miserable. And see, probably doesn't want to call because it would be to embarrassing for a guy like him to let everybody know that on a holiday on a long tree or even four day holiday weekend, and he's still around in town. He isn't. He will. And can afford bus or can't throw to the county line. Come to the QA and hello. A and E. Oh. Yes. A. You want to put something dirty on your pole. Yes. A. And a D. And a kid chop a credit. Yes. You know, I went and put that on there. I forgot I thought it. It's a wonderful idea. Okay. Thanks, pal. Thanks, pal. That's how I'm very Joseph. I didn't think it was a good idea. A tentanity slash chapacridic. Right? How can we let that off? My bad. I thought about it when I was making a list. But, you know, okay. What's the hijosh is going to spell chapacridic? C. H. A. P. P. A. Q. U. I. D. I. C. K. I'm sure he knows the last part. Real well. Okay. You got it? C. H. A. P. P. A. Q. U. I. D. I. C. K. Got it? Got it. Okay. He's got it. Take Kennedy slash chapacridic. There's one for her. How could we? Thank you very much, sir. You see it's important that we took that call right there. You know, some people had a wonderful, what was that? That was very important. Don't you Q. A. M. Hello. Yeah, another thing Uncle Neil, you have a fair, the Warren Commission of Obsteree. Um, I don't know if that was, but it just did that. You got the scandal. I mean, I would agree with you, but they won't get any votes. And one other thing Uncle Neil, did you want to make a claim again, please? Did I, I'm not so last him and his, and I, and I'm not the baits already. You know, I mean, why are they wasting our time? But it was real good to the point where Schoff didn't really, uh, had a pair of cool youngies yesterday, and I really like what he said. He always came up here. He's got a big pair and he got a big mouthy and have any votes. Well, if you could clone, take product, you bought a good sandwich and throw it into a carry, then we have the ultimate candidate. Okay, we're good. We couldn't have a great day. Have a great day, Uncle Colour. Five, six, seven. He's a good guy, but he's just, oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, six, six, he pumped up. Six, six, you know what I mean? What do you mean? You know what I mean? Let's take a look at that half of couples' contest. I want to, I just want to know what's going. Right. No, not over and over again. I just want to take a look at the top. Or at the top of this one. No, you want to look at Halle's varies, and you also want to look at Serrated. Yeah, Serrated and trying to got 49 votes. I try to tell, well, I'll tell you one thing. Monica and Brian who are second with 43. It's pretty much close right now. Monica's got, she's got the, a bra on, but I'm going to tell you. Monica, begging you. Oh, pretty damn easy Monica. It's pretty damn close to being off. You know, it doesn't even much the imagination. Monica. And then you got Giselle and Rick with 21 votes. We're going to do very well like I told you. Erin and Brandon, who always do well. I got 18, right? And the Jesse and Jeffrey, who do well with 17, Karen and Joe got 15, Carmen and Danny got nine. Lucy and David got six. Lena and Andy got six. I guess I should read them all. Should 9. What? Stacey and Steve five. I lean and Justin and got five. No, that's not the same Justin. Okay, Panic. Maggie and Tom four. Common and Carlos, I got four. So, Mason, how many of these came in right at the end? You know what, B.A.son? Yeah. Karen and Brian three. Laurie and Mike and got three. Chris and the gym, who looks just like how old steam three. I think I was like mad Mike. Jessica and Henry of got three. Doesn't it? Isn't Henry look a little like mad Mike from our sales department? Say Henry, that was a shot. I should apologize. Noel and Mike got two. England and Keith got a pair. Cheryl and Richard got a pair and you look like an animal. Andy and Billy got two. We have a couple of gay couples and they're not the. They're sucking hind wind at the moment. A Zachary and Andrew got one. Kaley and Steve got one. Anestation Felix one. Billy and Moga. What'd it be better for? There's anybody with none. Russie and Terry got one. Robin and Anthony got one. The Viva and Garvey got one. That isn't Steve Garvey. I'm sure that. Marvin, Kurt got one. And. Terry and Donna got one. Terry, Kim and Pat about. Oh no. Kim and Pat don't have any. And I bet you there's another one underneath. If I can ever get this thing to move, who's underneath them? Oh, there's all butchered and Tiffany and Michael and have any yet. It's early yet and Brenda and Cliff don't have any yet. Come on. At least vote for yourselves guys. Get with it. I guess they don't have any friends. Uh, didn't they? How do you say that? Do they in Ian? Okay. I got none. And Darren, Clung gun on 231 votes. You're right. It's just getting going. There'll be thousands of votes on everybody in the week. The deadline will be 155 is Friday for all your vote. So hustle your ass on a row of such. Just for cow horses or contest. Right. Don't they have to click that on? To vote? Yes. There's an meantime. I'll give you this. How is berries in the pool? And a bunch of stories. 5 6 7 0 5 60 palm 5 60. You'll see traffic quick. It goes zooming up that thing. In fact, I guarantee if it would be for a traffic quick, a tent Kennedy would have been president once upon a time. You're right. We'd had a whole change. Oh, here's the store in the pit of file priest on the CNN. Be some minor changes between now. And when the final report is released to the public on February 27. Darren. Jason, of course, what stands out about this are the numbers and the allegations that they're John. The numbers are the numbers. That's what those of us who and our viewers who have followed it as closely day to day as you've been able to as the beat record on the story. We're the district court come from and why does the report stand out from. Let's going to seem like a blur of reports. And keep in mind, this report was commissioned by the church itself, not a bunch of outside agitators and weather reports come from. If you rewind just a bit. The US conference of bishops when they met in Dallas. They decided to come up with tougher standards in dealing with allegations of abuse. And so what they did was they said, let's take a proactive approach here. Let's take a look at the scope of the problem. Just keep that in mind, boys and girls. All you kids that keep getting dragged in church every Sunday. Just say no. Like Nancy Reagan said, just say no to your family when they want to drag you in there. Because the main thing that they want to do in church is all for boys. Problem at saying to your level at five, just need WDK. If you want to alter your birth. If you want to get someone that weighed off of your fat ass, balance for life. Maybe exactly what you're looking for. 50% of American always fat. And probably the number is more than that. That's where it's at is fat. Everybody's fat and they're dying from it to get in the B.B. Which is no fun. Trust me when I tell you. If you're tied to having no energy. If you're tied to having no clothing that fits. If you're tied or walking around looking like a tub of crap. Here's the answer for your balance for life. They bring you a little black sack every morning. That's the key to the whole deal. They deliver right to your door. All you have to do is fill out a menu once a week. They give you two choices for each meal and sack. And the key to the whole thing is that they give you so much food and this program in your little black sack. You're not going to be cheating. You're not going to be desperate in starving. Like most diets where you just have little teeny tiny portions. Not what balance for life. You get three meals, two delicious snacks, and we're talking gourmet stuff. Everything made with a best ingredients, everything is fresh. Nothing frozen. No additive. No chemicals. No crap. They even stick a little 60 ounce bottle of water right in your little black sack. They deliver two year door by six o'clock in the morning. So you have plenty of food to keep you satisfied full and watch their weight. Dropping off your fat ass every day on the scale. So if you've tried all the others like most of us haven't even had no success, do what Katrina's doing a QM. Now she's lost a guarantee around 20 pounds probably more by now, right? At least. At least. So call balance for life today at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine. I get going an easy way nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine. Or check them on the web at balance for life.com. I can move. This is for 20 five six six two two way. Yeah. Fine. Okay. There. Thank you. Hey guys. You want a cheer up. Have rid me sit on your face. Oh, Jack. Make that old acting clear. Oh, when we sit on your face. I'll get about your wife. A girl from now. I'll kneel and sing great. Better take off that beard. And snatch their rights. Pick up the pain. You're really gone. Oh, man. When we sit on your face. Imagine the view of a man. When we sit on your face. And so burn it looks like a proud man. When�eds start sitting down. I'd rather die. Riddney sits on your face. What do you do? I'd rather die. I'd rather sit on your face. Imagine riddney spirits family but close off over your toes. Knowing you're timid or dude we are going to perform. I bought that bitch, it beats too. Before bring me six of your friends. Sshhh! Can't hold onto it by it or chew when bring me six of your friends. Stop dreaming and clean up your plans. Because she wants a brand new fan. All it looked like didn't work your stupid. It year'd crazy. 1118 at 5.60. WCM happy Monday. Happy President's Day from QAM from all of us to you. I'll put it in today. Is our schedule pristine today? I mean, is it third? We have some changes. Of course, there's nobody to make the changes. Or guess what this time to see who shows up. Right. Pancel in, we got the mad dog at two the reason I say that he was coming down with a QAM crowd last week. Thinking it was a cool. A QAM crowd mad dog last three weeks. A Humphrey be a cholus today from 4 to 6.30. 6.30 got Panther preview. Panthers at the Carolina Hurricanes at 7 o'clock. And I big game. The game. Because the Panthers still have some slim playoff hopes. Not big, but slim. Any K attend after the hockey game in Joe and Mark who looks exactly like Howard Dean to the 5.0 AM. Got it? Okay. 5.60, 5.60, 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQA will not dare. WQA with Sline 6.0. Yes, sir. BLUE, BLUE, BLUE Catcher, push, scottoo, grip, back! Alright, guys we all are called on our show. He'll have a minute attention. There is Howard Dean for your photo. Let's go and Howard. He's a little bit inexplicable. He has a little bit raspy to do a lot of screaming. He has a little raspy sideway. He's horse. He's a little horse. 5.67 and 0.5.60. I mean I got some I got to read the rest of that Michael Jackson thing for manity fair. Do you think it was right? I know you love me hanging there. I did or Friday nobody else was listening to it But it kills it with time so like I said I'll get into it eventually here in a little bit give it tremendous response on his pool How's chap of critic doing a by the way? I noticed that Josh put two these in dick There's only one D in chap of quiddock, okay, or was that Eric's bad? Did I spell that out for this gentleman here a little while ago like very carefully see a Ppa the Herics well did on a little chat window with two D's Only one D in chap of quiddock guys. Yeah, I did right very important stuff. It's Eric's bad But Eric's busy because he's got a picture of Mr. Dudge examining somebody's box or shorts Which would be on our website shortly one? It's a good picture. It's funny. It's a great picture. He's got his magnifying glass He's looking maybe for some stains or something there so the spots as he continues investigating everybody's underwear This misfuge is a calling in life Which in these do you think was the biggest scandal ever invasive Iraq based on lies on 132 2000 election 81. It was a rip off piece child's abuse scandal 4,450 priests that we know of 52 said that what a get 34 OJ Simpson murder charges OJ's moving up 25 Monica and penis gay 15 Vatican banking scandal seven remember banking mobile Yati That was actually going over got Michael Jackson a travel station charges five Iran counter a five Gary condo it and Sean relieving two Ted Kennedy and Tampa Quiddock two George's cracked his knuckles again Gary Hart and Donna Rice won John Kerry and Dredge Gates got one from his fudge and Robert Plague murder charges out of 1962 votes is still got the big None and I'm with him Pussy was we'd like him when he's a little kid Robert Plague, right? Right, never stole a freight train done and he's an animal over he's seen a cock at two 5 6705 60 W2 QA and hello, hello, yes, sir The report welcome to 560 W2 and the world famous Neil Rogers show what I'm sorry about he here because I don't know The holiday I said my picture less we could be on the thing with my wife and I didn't see it And it's the kind of start is I called up Miguel and he never called me back. Are you Miguel? Yeah, see Oh, yeah, okay What was your name my name is Larry Marx Larry Yeah, Joe Larry Marx I said my picture before left Thursday There because the deadline was Friday. Well, look here. We'll get right on Miguel's ass on that I'm talking in Neil. I'm so sorry. That's okay, Lori. I just want to see how long I could drag it off was your wife Okay, that's okay. Was your wife topless? He's the picture right answer That was a great answer, okay. We'll we'll get that magnifying glass out and look into it Okay, thanks. Thanks, sir. What are gonna lose anyway? And then of course they're gonna get upset because they weren't on right off the bed And then we'll just two Miguel, right? Well, we're doing like three of these, right? Yeah, we'll save it for next time. We're doing three That's what I thought well, we'll do as many as we got prizes if we got right if we got three sets of prizes I will do three contests no problem at all Larry if it's not on here right now We'll save it for next time. We will blow it up extra big and give you a big boost and whatever Yeah, we have a nice No, we don't apologize guys because Miguel should apologize Miguel should go to his house and service to both of my think What I think that's the least you could do to make up for his screwing up plus you can be sure my girl ain't there today because it's Hey, so it's another busman's holiday You got clearance in the beast they're out in Frisco getting hitched and You got the reen. She got cans so you don't see her no more. You got the what's his name? Lee Cutler used to be the sales sports sales manager. He got his ass canned. There's just nobody there no more Can't ask in fact I bet you even now freaking Carlos out there in front speaking to somebody like's can't ask I bet she's not even there today is he? Even that's not there today the it As opposed to the thing Maybe the thing is still hanging up for females at the pizza loss You're remembered the thing don't you but do I are you kidding me? WQA and hello Yes, Neil that talent on the cobbled concept is weak man. I don't think I've fallen anybody in there What did you send in nothing? Well, why not but the last year is a lot better right with that Well, there were I mean, I don't want to make any I mean these people went to the You know effort to send in the picture in at least you know exposing the stuff of a lot of grief and so what can I tell you? Maybe it should be like 32 and under but but don't forget last year We had like the one group Amy and Aaron they were like professional models Which gives him kind of a leg up if you pardon that expression with these marwin something in that day Yeah, he was sniffing something that he's See a paler you just have said it wasn't his five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five six the oh so the pictures already on there The box for shorts. Yeah. I don't know. Okay. Let me take a few get it. I know Hallie's berries You're well anybody wants to see very very lovely picture of Hallie's berries and even a rest of her too All or she's not completely new but that's okay Sunday Come on Sunday what someday Sunday Sunday Sunday and also don't forget about see the cruises No, so how are you and how are Dean a grab in the gen. It's Nip there is a beautiful thing covering it up for America. He's pretty enthusiastic about it too Now we don't have the I'll get under any minute Well, we got maybe we just did too much all at once here, you know 567. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wire was lying First call on line 90. You know it's gonna be sensational Q a and hello Q a m This might be the best call with ever hand online. You know far so I think She this just when I expect my finger on a two-way man. You snooze you lose a new show He's probably another guy that's waiting wanting to see where his picture is probably at the post office 20 says under Zayra out again anybody care so tired to take your baseballs take your gloves take your bats go home We don't care okay What it is Grace can't stand rich ultra rich obnoxious disgusting Egotistical bastards like George frickin Steinbringer makes me nauseous the whole thing is ridiculous Donald Trump When you take a look at football and what a great we actually didn't have a super bowl even though nobody noticed it And how much your phenomenal interest in all the money that those people are making because they know it's called a salabic cap Watch hockey no season x season when they come back with anybody care. Oh, those people don't care now as it is By the way, I mentioned Trevor kids sucks. I didn't mention it yet 26 past eleven at five sixty wqm hey guys last time you took a peek at it You decided it's just too small it doesn't impress women definitely those last as long as it used to we're talking of course Beyond the shadow of a dude about your paycheck call fast rate if you like to do something about it If you like to have an alteration on your paycheck and get a big fat one call eight six six fast train and start a brand new had pain computer career because in just four short months Fast train can up he gets yourself a new career and a new job and big fat paycheck that goes with it The demand for computer professionals continues to grow so call fast train today and One eight six fast train and with seven locations in Florida now there's about to be a campus close by where you live Fast train offers ground placement financial assistance for people to qualify would day night and weekend classes You have no reason to stay in a crappy dead-in job working for some shrunk no more So pick up that instrument right now and have yourself a new high-pain career and just four easy short months Check them out in the web if you like it fast train.com and make that call that could change your life Fast train at one eight six six fast train For 205 602 a You lay M Yes, meet a small town free to speak the word of God and adds a few choice words of his own It's father Tourette's mysteries. Yeah, I'm even loving we are gathered here today to join together Inhoring that for money father Tourette mysteries a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago hopeless and NY PD Blue Ball 1131 292 known in five 60 speaking of crap The justice department quietly is installed an outspoken anti pornography advocate in a senior position in scummel division As part of an effort to jump skirt of 70 prosecution the bush of administrations election year move follows three years of heat from the Christian right And of course we know therefore of which believes that a turning general John as crops of all people long time friend and ally others has fallen down on the job But it comes to fighting smart If he had been doing his job, Janet would have had the same sheet cover-not-purboobies that they have over that test at you right right Now the appointment of a tough new cop on the porn beaten other recent moves by the Department of Bolster of Centity cases are galvanizing conservatives while leading representatives of the adult entertainer industry to wonder whether they become a political football official said the appointment of Bruce A. Taylor Revolution to Frank or Ted Taylor who work in the department during the heyday of a Santa I porn efforts in late 80s and early 90s shows that the department is serious about cracking down on porn after a critic called lacks elax enforcement by the Clinton administration Taylor who in recent years has had a conservative advocacy group fighting for tougher regulation of the internet all boy as Been given the title of senior counsel within the criminal division adjusts is with a focus principally on federal adult obscenity issues the department of sanity chief Andrew Ustubon who has been drawing much of the flag from conservatives or retain his position But instead of reporting to him Tailable answer to a more senior level assistant attorney general you know what his position is don't you? proud yes He's prone to make mistakes Brian C. E. R. I. just as folksman said that by having Taylor which the department didn't realize a publicized But confirmed last by the LA times the department was simply marshalling additional resources rather than undercutting anyone's authority or submitting to political pressure Bruce has vast experience both of the federal and state-level prosecuting those kinds of cases here Said it's all part of our overall effort to kick start of sanity prosecutions after a long absence C. E. R. I. Taylor was unavailable for comment Oh boy porn industry representatives that all the activity had the look of an administration trying hard to appease and Important constituency during an election cycle what a bunch of bad days This is a crude crash political efforts at Jeffrey Douglas executive director of the free speech coalition to trade association for the adult entertainment industry Equipped the weather the public at large was as interested in cracking down and adult fair as the justice department and said the hiring of Taylor was a very dangerous disturbing step toward infringement of free speech Well, there you go See I want to think about audio religious nuts out there nobody's gonna force you to do any searching and Lurching and looking on the internet for anywhere else for pornography. Well, they're safe from them. I mean, can you porn? We all agree with except for the you know 10 million pedophiles out there right now, but other than that Then my girl business that's a stop us from looking at it for our own good. Oh I see is that what it is? They're helping us micro hair on the balls of your feet Yeah, that's right if you look at the way the door pictures my copy. I guarantee if you have your own your balls of your feet If you're looking at pictures of helly berries, boobies man, I got to know his I guarantee I got to burn and hell That's right squirt squirt. It's gonna be pretty busy down there in hell It's gonna be packed with all kinds of fun people. I mean So speaking of perverts. Let's get back. I haven't even started with this Michael Jackson stuff on Friday I was reading which I know is very fondress from a very long vanity fairards in the March issue of vanity fair on Michael Jackson Which goes on I mean you talk about of course This is before the latest revolutions by the inquiry with two more kids coming forward And I'm gonna pick up on our right now. Let's see how much more do I have enough too much? It says each time I support on a new startling incident in the sake of Michael Jackson Dangling his baby from a balcony in Germany November 2002 forcing his two-year-old children will appear to be Caucasian to wear a fails or mass in public appearing on 60 minutes to deny having had sexual relations with a 13-year-old cancer patient I find myself revisiting characters from the past for example Debbie Rowle one of Jackson's two-x-wise who carried his first two children got a lot of media attention in the wake of the baby Dangling incident for praising the husband with whom she never lived is really a wonderful loving carrying man And he's not portrayed as he really is and it really pisses me off She said Asked if she'd have more children to Michael she replied in a heartbeat that made me young hoe and son young What is it son young boy laugh Son young we laugh she really put the fear of God and Michael says me on hoe who claims Jackson confided in him She is the woman who screamed in yelled and threatened to tell the world about Michael's dark sequence unless you got eight to ten million bucks He explains that out of the blue in the summer of 99 row asked for a divorce on a huge sum of money or else Michael said give her whatever she wants get it done Least says that row was a surrogate not to biological mother her contact with Prince Michael one in Paris was limited to eight times a year And she purportedly saw them even less than that in a May 2000 memo from a lawyer handling the divorce case row has asked for more visitations Including mother's day and alternate Christmas eaves the lawyers prompted the state the request for mother's days are concerned because Debbie now appears to be viewing herself as a mother. This is different from the image and position she accepted in the past young Holies says it was so funny watching her an interview on TV saying I'll have another baby I'm thinking yeah, that's another 10 million for you in a heartbeat rows attorney declined to comment on that Can imagine why those of us who investigated the Jordi chamber case 10 years ago Also remember Norma Stacos the duena of Neverland a stern caretaker who kept track of all the little boys visits She disappeared the night before she was supposed to be questioned by a police in 1993 Lee however get the other of the many surprised he experienced having Jackson business appears when one day a request came in from Greece or Stacos was living for 75 grand. You want to know what it was for and was told you don't understand lawyer Lee Norma gets whatever she wants According to so young Lee amounts of about 50 grand would be periodically sent to Greece for Stacos I also learned that Billy Braid the head of security in Neverland back in 1993 and has been getting a 165 grand year and Jackson pays the gift tax on it You don't think it's like touch money. Do you? The person who probably knows more than anyone else about Jackson according to me on the whole he is a former chief of security and business advisor Wayne Nagan who was at the side for 22 years and then let go without sevens two years ago Wayne is not afraid to be called in the testifies as Lee he's expecting it He's the guy who knows everything. He's one of the very few who said no no The Michael Reports on voices been weekend after weekend with Michael Jackson in this bedroom while one or both of their parents Many of the mistakes stayed in severed guest houses Some else applied with wine continued to accrue. What is your lot of wine and going out there wasn't? Jimmy safe truck for example from Jimmy Valley was described by one former Neverland manager as Michael's constant companion for two years According to a report prepared for the Chandler case for several years safe trucks parents received a new more Sadie's annually from the king of pop misses Dave talked to climb to comment Wade Robston now a hot dancer choreographer whom the New York Post paid sick cited as being the cause of the breakup of Britney Spears and just in Tinkerbell Has admitted to sleeping in the same bed with Jackson, but is neither anything sexual occurred A Korean to a former employee in 1991 when Robston was nine Jackson kept them overnight on the first night of one as a visit to the US The boys are strict in parents were strange The former Jackson employees is the mother received a permanent resident visa to stay in the US These are all just coincidences, okay? Like the church don't go make anything about that's right just a bunch of just 4,450 isolated incidents that we know I'm sure thousands and thousands more that still are coming so to speak Wow 2012 noon at five 60 W QA and that we're having an okay time here today I was a little bit panicky there because I know there's nobody in town Yeah, what and I thought to myself we're offered today off today. It isn't holiday, but nobody nobody bit on that Moan Keldi were there in fact moan Keldi and Joe Rose they sucked their out each other. They're pretty good there about 802s Pretty embarrassing and we're here much as we're not too happy about it. Mad dog gets to the hopper at four to six thirty It's you was a staff don't pass a figure with six thirty Panters at the Carolina Hurricanes 7 o'clock tonight any interest at all Abilawango is doing a man. He's the the team 445 votes on this day. I can't believe it. Can you? Yeah, believe it and that's just on a poll of course to busy checking out the hellies berries and voting on the hop couples which of these do you think was the biggest scandal of all time and based on a verac based on lies one 55 the 2000 election one oh six They're pissing you bush my serums anyway right now. They're pissed and fired up man They're gonna vote until it hurts Please child abuse scandal 65 water yet only 37 Small potatoes OJ Simpson murder charges 28 Monica penis gate only 21 Iran contra eight Ted Kennedy champ a critic is moving up there with the two these eight Vatican banking scandal seven Ark is the a guy to put the other D in dick Michael Jackson child illustration charges five it is spelled with two days. It is not okay. It is I don't know Look it up on the internet Okay, very kind of child relieving too. I already did John Kerry and drugs gates got to some of stud judges voted twice either that or maybe she voted and also Lin Samuels You think Dary heart and don't arise one and rubber flag murder charges out of 452 votes is still got to be unbelievable Nobody cares in fact. I say just forget about it right now good idea Forget about the American thing when it down let him out Anyway 19 Dulunic you ever fitting in a buying new car truck don't you ripped off? Want to save you a lot of cash by inviting you to hit four arms strongs Toyota of homestay you'll find a my US one just 20 minutes south of the 36 arms strongs Toyota homestead is worth a drive no matter where you live this save yourself a whole potload of cash I'm great new Toyota. It's check out these great prices an old for a Corolla loaded including air that you own for just 12 990 and 04 Camry with air automatic and lots lots more just 16 990 needed truck how about an old for Toyota Tender the safest truck in America from just 14 990 and when you buy new vehicle at arms strongs Toyota homestead You get a free sun fast this was the first dealer before anybody even thought about it in the entire area It offer your free tires and batteries for life general manager David rich in a stamp will do whatever and everything out of the sun To put you in a great new Toyota today so experience the arms strong Toyota homestead difference Locally owned a map or either committed to a hundred percent Customer satisfaction to it. I'll do like I said like standing on their head even Their service department is open late week nights to late to make sure your service work is done right easy to get there around US one in two hundred ninety-third street in homestead just 20 easy minutes south of the 36 if you're sick and tired if you had it up to your ears with those mega dealers who over promised like crazy and Under deliver than called David rich use the GM and Armstrong's Toyota homestead column 305 24232 47 who's the broadest handling the sick out right now? The Iro cheese bed okay. Oh five two four two thirty two forty seven for Armstrong's Toyota of homestead Rivalid on save a whole lot. I'm that great new Toyota Where She showed the night the dairy college gave it to her that's a good They were out on a date Are you here restart maybe here? Just a little too far He showed up the morning turn her and said How about it baby? I could use me some gift Maybe that young intern That was a fight but the cocktails in their system made them through so light Shons are thoughtful a moment instead your low class That maybe true said Gary for I still want your race That done Over Can that Shoulder She ain't been her distinct for so many we heaps That she's gone to heaven then she left when she showed the night the dairy Conduct baby to her boss That's a looted Where we walk up the next morning Shons robes not around Though Gary had no tears just that we're still there Remember the point into her part of the ice Yes, Gary finally got woke. He wanted less night she had opened the door Went to him and said All we bathed into her head to warm up And she took off after he blew her up tears And no one in tuning Gary has seen her tears For the fact that she's gone this fact's made not be right If some bartering knows the truth will then the truth will I went many but he wants to know what a self hitting Fangler like just to look at our website. He's got a big magnifying glass and checking out somebody's underwear 12 minutes still noon at 5.60 WQAM 1700 couples plus married in San Francisco this weekend they're coming in from everywhere including course from South Florida as the beast and currents are there to tie it tie the knots Yeah 560 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Yeah, I'm starting to begin to believe But now did you look up traffic quick? Yes, two days in the air even emailed you a proof how come I looked it up with one day and it said let me let me try this again I don't stay up those gay porn sites, maybe two peas in the pot you and Eric identical twins well I'm looking at right now And it says Chapacquitic was one the dismember more people were killed in Chapacquitic than a few my island By the bridge of Chapacquitic how come I keep spelling it with one d is that because I did the search with one d possibly I spelled it wrong on purpose so that it would correct me and it gave me two d's One moment please Okay, I'll try it out with two d's okay. Okay, okay, see maybe I've learned something here now Chapacquitic on eBay Chapacquitic here with two d's spelled it out in your water, okay Two Dear poor Mary joke of peckney you're rest already She's recently two deficians. Let's see how does that Chapacquitic do in his matter fact 10 nine votes It's edging up there. It'll be like a top half doesn't something like that WQAM hello. I could have a job at 21 times Oh man taken I'm bigger pardon that job's taken 567.0560 I got that job. Okay, so I talked to wonderful people like usur See even parrack and Chris heck of the Santa Rosa we're supposed to spend last night I think like Yuri a smermot hotel and a warm fluffy Comforter instead they camped out of the rainy winner not on a cold hard slab of concrete outside San Francisco city hall Would just a thin powder puff girls blanket Isn't that sweet? Yeah partners for 12 years they wanted to be sure? They be one of the few hundred seems like couples who be married today at San Francisco city Hall by 9 30 last night more than 130 were waiting online and more than 1700 have been married already. Couples. Including says right here including, beast interference from WQAM sports radio in Miami. Well I'll boost up our image what? I can't wait to see their rings. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon online. WQAM hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Well I thought one would be JFK and Dallas because I never thought they really got to the bottom of that. Yeah. I thought also because they're biggest scandal is going to be whatever truth pushed us to steal of a next direction. Over our dead bodies man. Yeah. No chance. Okay sir. JFK says nice you want to put that on there. That's not a scandal. See that I mean they don't get it. The cover up water give the, the, what's your call report? Right. Right. The war at the war situation report like somebody mentioned earlier, that could be consational and just don't think so. It's not in the same category. Say that for a rainy day. George W. Bush won no metal for this dispute in National Guard duty in the line of Vicki but he or the nickname the Texas to play. Have you heard this? Yes. For you. Merchee Archbog remember's Bush then 26 is a loud mouth who showed up in Montgomery, Alabama in 1972 to work on his uncle, Winton, Blout, Senate campaign. He was good at schmoozing the county cheers but there was a lot of follow up Archbog told Tom magazine and his latest issue. Another worker we call Bush rolling into Blunt headquarters around lunchtime most days, dragging about his late night exports in big time political connections. Archbog said Bush made the greatest impression on the group of socialites dubbing as campaign doubling his campaign volunteers who dubbed W the Texas to play because he looked good on the outside but was full of hot here on the inside. Some blind person was to wrote that. There you go. But the president supporters in 60s not full of hot airweights and I charges that he went AWOL from the guard about working on the campaign that summer. The White House released Bush's records last weekend and 10 to put the issue to rest. But DNC chairman Terry McColle said the documents create more questions than answers. Absolutely. The only seemingly and this is they must have a good sense of humor with the New York Daily News. The only seemingly credible witness to about for Bush's Lieutenant Colonel John Bill Calhoun who we found out now has got a very bad, bad memory. The insistee saw Bush report for weekend duty in Alabama. But Calhoun's memory seems about a spotty as some of the military documents it says. Calhoun of Atlanta initially said he saw Bush report for guard duty eight to ten times for roughly eight hours at a time for May to October 72. Lately he said he saw Bush report for drills on least six occasions and interview this weekend with the Daily News. He said Bush attended at least four her drills. So what's gone from eight to ten to six to four. It keeps forgetting what they told him to say. Bush's records credited him with two days in October and two November. Calhoun's 69 former National Guard supply officer treated the very numbers to report his confused interpretations and said the guard defines a drill as a weekend of duty in the one weekend from on cycle. So if I saw him at six drills that's ten days he said. Calhoun's explanation was not even yesterday by retired Texas air National Guard Lieutenant Colonel Albert Lloyd Jr. who Bush picked in 2000 again recently to review his records and vouched that he made his guard obligation. Lloyd says two days make a drill a weekend not a drill is what he said. This is the public is being drilled is what I think he was saying. Five six seven five six to pound five six beyond the AT and T and Verizon wireless long curious see it's going to be difficult. I don't think we ever had as many as three five and three of the contest do we I don't know. So we're going for quantity and not as much. Well, I shouldn't say that. But I just bad bad. What? Well, there's some nice looking people in here. It's not like we all got it on punty. And then there's something that got a good sense of humor. And obviously they're just some fun folks. We appreciate them all. Yes, we do appreciate everybody who's got the coins to do this. There's a lot of hot people out there just to bash. Well, it's just a bunch of pussy's okay. 104 people for Monica and Brian who have served in the first place since they took a closer look. Let's see. Second place. These guys were leaving before in Sean and Sarah 84. What is going to be thousands of votes on you Jesse and Jeffrey from last year moved into third place with 36 and to sell and Rick 35 also from last year we got Aaron and Brandon with how many they got. Right. And everybody else down from there. Okay. They're going down from there. It's going to be it's going to be heavy duty all weekend long. You'll see wouldn't couple of dirties going to have over a thousand votes. Do you believe me? Yeah, I do. It's going to be easy. And you know, I'm going to have all of their friends are going to be caught anonymous people in the phone book and why don't I know rules on that. I mean, whoever you suckering to vote for a good. Maybe they'll take them along. What do you think? No, or not. Or pay them off. Four minutes till noon at five 60 QAM. I am from our Indiana. I'm from Los Angeles. I like rubbing my slenny grill as with soap made from jewels and listening to the new rocket. I'm going to use the hour. Oh, Canada. A land that's produced rock and roll is greatest performance. And now these legendary concox beat tribute to one another on this new CD, the best of Canadians singing other Canadians featuring Anne Murray's version of this rush classic. Modern day warrior, me means to date times higher, me and rushes take on this and Murray's standard dance. The best of Canadians singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from Z2, a like Celine Dion's rendition of this new young number. Oh man, it's so good night at night. You're a love like my old fun run. Oh, Neil Young singing Celine Dion's biggest hit. I know that boy who are the goal will go. But that's not all. There's an eye at Wayne singing by and at us. Crash test dummies doing the lattice more or set. Snow wrapping the guests who and Gordon White put performing this, bear naked lady's smash hit. I think I've your copy of the best Canadian single other Canadians. The great white north has never been so great or that matter so white. It's a 12-alinos history in back. Oh, look at that. More than 11,000 allegations against priests, 4,450 pre-staccues of abuse or minor between 1950 and 2002. But more than 11,000 accusations. You would get that same number if you turned the microscope towards any industry. If you put the magnifying glass on the pre-sunderware. Yeah. Oh, and speak of that. Look at this. A prominent clerical was accused of sex abuse in a lawsuit has been placed on administrative leave by the nation's largest Roman Catholic ISIS and Los Angeles, after being accused by a misconduct by a second person's church official to be saying. Monciniar Richard A. Lumus was placed on Lee Friday as Patrick Sains Felicitas and perpetua church in San Marino, just to accept your church leaders and told us conversation would continue at its leader as its leader. Lumus was former a decarnal Roger Mahoney, leader of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles. In a lawsuit filed late last year, Lumus was accused of sexually abusing a boy between 1969 and 71. He denied the accusation and the city's courteamist conduct oversight board said that the president was with any evidence of his conduct. They couldn't find no stains. The board, however, concluded last week that Lumus should stand after reviewing more information. The second person is level accusations against Lumus, yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiya. He was one of 11 priests in the Archdiocese who made an act of ministry despite being sued late last year for alleged sex abuse. In other words, they continue looking the other way. They continue to get in after the show. We're going to continue to get out of the show. We'll try to bury it on the carpet. More and more, never ends. 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon, wireless line getting in some great cause here today. I'll tell you that right now. Yeah, hall of the. Are we? WQA, hello. Hello. Oh, that's great. Can I, am I talking to Neil? Where you calling from? From Miami. Let's go to Miami, hello. Yeah, I'm going to call. Yeah. Let's go to a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, I'm falling. I got something from the reason why Bush didn't take his flight physical. Oh. Would you like an OY? No. 560, 50560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I told you not to put those people on here tonight. Yeah. No, that's right. I picked it up. You wouldn't want to answer. You'll just leave tonight. I enjoyed having him on a year okay, because he's what soft load is all about right there. Oh, okay. How much he had a real funny punch line for that too, don't you think? No, oh yeah. God. Here's the guy. This guy, he ain't taking no physicals. He's just taking physics. Michael and Key West says, here's an award to consider as in no Falcon. Oh, I see that's not bad. Falcon. No Falcon way would I do her do him. No, yeah. No Falcon. Right. Or you don't what they say. You don't have to the Falcon. Or you get to claw. PSS has a bit more descriptive, descriptive name for prison and shrub and it's got a okay. Thank you. Thanks, Michael. How about the T-Pot Dom scandal? Oh, yeah. That's what he would have voted for. If you somehow take this seriously? Oh, yeah. I'm sure a lot of people remember prison hard on a heartings. Don't you remember him? War in G, right? Had to last much. And he's very his fabulous vice president who succeeded in Calvin's Coolidge. And the guy who succeeded both of them, he would hever. Wow. I'll tell you one thing. Sure. A lot of those great Republican prisons. 567, 056, 056, the only AT&T. And Verizon, where are the slang? What they say? If he can't be good at least be consistent. That's what most say. Absolutely. So you had nice body experiences, Moette, the greatest birthday party. Neither one of us stopped walking. So I was just a fleeting passing moment. Yeah. How are you? I see. Yeah. Which in these do you think was the biggest scandal ever? And based on Iraq based on lies 190, the 2000 election, 126, the old fart call, and the old show couple minutes ago, it's 500. Feet child abuse scandal 80, water gate 47, O jamer detergents 35, penis gate 22, and Teddy Kennedy and chapiquitic Mary Jo is moving up to low. She's got 11. She's time in the old ladder. Too bad nobody threw it to her long time ago. Was that 1969 I do believe? Odd Gs. chapiquitable one day. Oh, dummy with two these. I mean, what difference does it make how you spell it? You know, holding on this show, would we get into a pissing contest over, oh, can't say that no more. So I'll say pissing contest. Oh, a peeing contest. We're in deep. That's right. A peeing a urinating contest. Let's see, speaking to you, when any monocone Brian, I got 105 there. Number one on our list so far. Sarah and Sean 89. It's going to be tight. It's going to be really tight. Not like screw in. It's going to be tight. So you're seeing Jeffrey 40 and down down the coast from there. 37 for Giselle and Rick. Remember the last time last year, how these, the wild fluctuations. I mean, somebody be headed by like 30 votes and all of a sudden you look at it. How many? About 30 men. And our leader and somebody else is there in by 50. Because it all depends on who can find their friends at home. Right. And who's got the best network. WDQA and hello. Neil, you've got my queen dot. This is a question. What do you call me? What do you call me? What? Go ahead. And back in 73, I used to subscribe to the National Lairn Poom magazine. Right. And I got one of about 3000 issues that wasn't recalled by the Kennedy family. About five or six pages in. It was a full page and a boat flag and floating in the water. Yeah. I swear to God. Yeah. And Rick through his whole big thing about it. Everybody in the zone of boats, where you can know is the channel. Open the windows a little bit. Because you see it on some site. The iron. It's easier to close the door. And then they'll open it. They'll tell you the big thing on the bottom was that the Kennedy was driving a boat flag. And he'd be president today. And the family recalled. And then every issue that God asked. Every issue that went to the loot stands. They got back. And the exercise the page. Wow. That's it. We just heard that. And hang on to that. That's going to be worth a lot of things. I call that. You know, what you saw the five. I keep it. The reading of it is just, you know, Mary Jones should have known better. And that he should have been driving this. And it's got a feeling for it. All right. We like an advertising for the vehicle. It's great. And we're going to be a whole thing. Thanks a lot, Paulie. Enjoy it. Squeeze a tight. Squeeze your bug. Now, if only Bobby Billy Joe McCallister would have jumped off the tele hatchy bridge. Maybe he could have kept any push them. Do you think? Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. The pound five six. The on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless. Well, Kennedy family have had their problems. How do you know him? Oh, yeah. It's a star crossed family. WCWM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I bought the great for the handle of two thousand when the law to withdraw to the station from the grave. Oh, my God. The on-shist Reverend Jones. You're good. Yeah. You are. No, you're not gay. That's an insult to gay people. You're just sick. You're pathetic. But have an ice in our presence. George Bush is his best. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless line. Isn't it amazing that number of people? We've given a life to things to the show all these years. Yeah. Seriously, this becomes down. This is it. There is nothing else. The beginning, the end, everything in between the middle. The layer on top, the layer on the bottom. The back dome. WCWM. Not there. Shame on you. WQN. Hello. You're certain. I ran contra for your Apollo number one. You want to nominate it? Yeah. It's on there. Oh, sorry. Let's go. It's about 10 minutes. Got 10 votes. Good. Did you see the Memphis Slyer article concerning Bush's service down in Alabama? Yes. Okay. We are ready to try it on Friday on the year. We hit it on our website. You're all cut off. I've been listening to you in a while and glad you're on top. Thank you so much. I'm a great week. You too. I'm on top of the baby. I like to be. And definitely on the old bottom. Right. Who are he? Can't get on top. The crush the per person. What a thought. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. QA and hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Leo, do you think any of those people that were at NASCAR yesterday were the same ones who were on the bowling for Columbine gun shows? No. I think they were on bowling for dollars on WKBW and Buffalo. CBS pulls it. Vertism on Medicare prepared by administration. CBS on Friday that it's stopped running a TV ad for the new Medicare prescription drug lawball Congress investigates its accuracy. The 30 second. About third man. Add. Prepared by the Bush administration is sure as Medicare benefits. Re-sure that the program is not changing in any way. Except for Brad more benefits. Democratic members of Congress in some liberal advocacy groups say the ad amounts to a tax subsidized political commercial for the administration. Dana McClidock spoke to him for CBS in New York said the ad has been pulled. CBS is pulling it. It violated our longstanding policy on advocacy advertising. We pulled into the season we became aware of the investigation. The government is spending $9.5 million to run the ad on National Overworking Keeble programs next six weeks. The GAO and investigative armacombs is examining the ads that the request is several Democrats. The lawmakers said the commercials are inaccurate and constitutes a legal use of federal money to promote the reelection of President Bush. God forbid. CBS policy says the network does not sell time for the advocacy of you points on controversial issues of public importance. CBS is decision by the way angered Republicans in Washington which we say. This is probably just payback to move on.org and the fact they wouldn't show the ad in the Super Bowl. Right. When you think I guess. Okay now we'll give you an even up like a bad call in a ball game. There was a ball game on Super Bowl Sunday. Patriots won. Super Bowl chance to let us live for the last three years. What a shame. The whole Janet flat. The whole Booby thing. Goes to show you how desperate America is. How we pressed and just absolutely desperate. We put a picture of Halle's varies on our website and all of a sudden. 20 billion. 400 billion. People have even born yet are just poor. Over Neil Rogers.com. Grasping at it. Swes in it. Look and add it. Is searching for it. Maybe that's why Mrs. Fudge has got that big magnifying glass. She's searching for it. Should we take a look at the poll? And that's not the idea that they can't tell. Well I can't stop doing it because it's the first thing to me to see the gigantic gyracians. What's wrong with that? Yeah. When we're trying to flesh it out. Who's in first place? Because this thing takes so long to do a download because there's so many of them. Let's see. Monica and Brian have made a big move. One away. All of the kind of like stagnating now. Sarah and Sean 90. Have no fear. And then it's way back to Jesse and Jeffrey with 43. You see that? You sell on Rick 38, which is not so great. But not bad for a place at the moment. And Erin and Brandon 36 for right now. You'll see. You wake up at a morning and look at that thing. Say, holy crap. You're somebody that was like in 20 of place. Any guy like 50 million votes. How that happened? Or do you know? We do not only. Yeah, we got an inkland. Yeah. 1213 at 5.60. WQL. If you're looking for something exciting to do, something breathtaking, something Get you to jump and yell and share about, then come out to Paparo Park racing and poker. If you like her, tear for your horse from the railroad. Enjoy finding at the top of the park restaurant on the 6th floor. As you watch the only nighttime horse racing in the entire state of Florida. If playing poker is your game, then match your skills at Paparo Park's fabulous. If you're under the age of 100, you'll be the youngest person in there. Live racing in poker takes place five days a week, Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday like tonight. I've racing tonight begins at 705 p.m. and the poker room is open noon, midnight, every live racing day. Coming up this Friday will be the second mile of the $125,000 Maclo bell trotting series. And the Saturday will be the second mile of the $250,000 Alica Pre-Pacing Series, plus Free Prize Drawings 2. Easy to get to Paparo Park just to have a mile from both I and I.5 and the Florida turn bike and best of all Paparo Park gives you free admission and free general parking every day. Be sure to get out there during the month of February because while we have to see night when one more race before the month is over. For more information for the new racing schedule called 954-972-2000 or check them out on the web at www.pompitopark.com. Don't forget, live racing post time 705-29 at Papino Park. I have a lot of all these sixies by 60. So wait for those all yours. Come on, I'll be the way in. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Four kids hang you down together. All the impots in their rescue. They don't get better. The ship just might get late tonight. She's going to see stand pull up the guts. It's when these around. They stand up and pile and talk with their enemies once a week. Take your way. You're fat, yeah. Oh, the soul we're f***ing wonderful. And can stay forever single. You can't win the head. And then he's dead. So that's no regular than their leaders. You can't win the whole. That's your fate. You're fat, yeah. What's that? You want to know what I think is right. I think you're fat. You're fat. You're fat. You're fat. You're fat. You're fat. You're fat. You're fat. Is this talking about Morgan? Of Salute. Shame on you. Tom 19 at five. Sixty. One of the great movies of all time. South Park the movie. Thank you, George. It was great. Ricky Cussoph is dreadlocks. I'm concerned speaking of Jordan. Very curious. It's a witch story today. Whether the trade of Peyrod or the Yankees or Ricky Cussoph is dreadlocks. George is most whipped up in the two of friends. I don't know what to do. I don't know the, uh, whether a screamer, poor banana. What are the most famous heads of here in Scork is no mole. No mole is well, Ricky said he's tired of it. No mole. Now they didn't just throw those bloodlocks away the day. No mole. What is it? They didn't just throw those locks away. Cause I could have taken one of those strands of me to keychain out of it. No mole. Dolphins running back Ricky Williams has shaved off his distinctive dreadlocks. Oh my God. Thank God. Or you could hate what from a rear-view mirror. Pretty traumatic. William said by a phone Saturday from his Australian vacation. I'm wondering if he's going down under. I mean, I look a lot different. I'm not used to with yet. He said he said Williams who's kept it red locks on cuts in childhood. Oh, he's been on cuts in childhood. Yeah, a lot of a sort. Like during life, right? Always introspected. He decided to author his trademark. Looking go ball is a cleansing symbol for the new player. And personally wants to be in 2004. Two other factors he prefers anonymity. Now he'll be less recognizable. And the friend is going to be able to tackle him by the hair. No mole is what they said. Absolutely. Nice going. Where he's. How do I let him is going to be really bad next year? I don't want to get into a sports thing, but man. They got a quarterback. Oh, they got a coach. Oh, they got nothing. I got squad. They got an offensive line. Oh, they stink. New firm challenges full frontal taboo. You like this story. Hmm? A smitten young man in Bernard O'Britowucci's The Dreamer steals a photo of his enamor. Then puts it next to his private parts. Then is understandably embarrassed when she forcefully peels off his tidy whiteies and discovers it. And the photo too. Rather than being a paul, she appears quite complimented by this different kind of Codec moment, a close-up that leaves nothing to the imagination as the picture picture gently catapult toward her. Such scenes got an NC-17 rating slap the new film by the director, whose Uber includes the 72-S rated last tango in Paris, his Uber. Have you ever been Uber? Uh, I'm back right there. But in the three decades since then, scenes with full frontal male new to the usually can be timed with a stopwatch while those with a human can be measured with a sundial. It's a rock. Well, even then the full money film goers didn't get the full money, not even for a split second. They got like a little money python stuck out there and we got it. Top culture observers maintain that's because he defect those sexism still exist and Hollywood were women can parade around of the altogether but men can't. The instances of actors in mainstream America will be swinging the breeze are so rare that a movie buff can catalog them at the top of their head. Harvey Kai tells other hangout at least twice in a p&b. And the I said it for the piano. And the badly tenant and you and McGregor at least four times including the upcoming young Adam, the at-horse will also 1994's color of night Kevin Bacon. Oh, that's the movie. Kevin making bacon 1990 it's wild things. I better go out and get that again right away. Oh, wild thing. Apparently it's a strange thing I told you about that. Court, it is a strange looking penis. And Jeffrey Russian 2000s Quills as well as the prosthetically enhanced Mark Wahlberg in our favorite 1997's book United's of mine a few others. Sarah Ridic, that's with two D's. An English professor heads the film program in a William Wood University in Fulton, Missouri attributed simply to the industry's gender makeup. It's still a male dominated business and men are more like they show female nudity. Well, there you go except for Michelangelo. Only actresses with great cloud such as Judy Roberts can insist on a nudity clause and quite frankly, Judy. I like the okay but who wants to see you naked anyway. Right me you do. Sure why why not. Let's see what she's got. Do you robber's let's see it. She's like pencil thin man. Well, I miss Twiggy on an anorexic Sunday. Let's rip her down and size her up. Okay. Elaine rapping a professor. That's her name. Elaine rapping. He'd be rapping a professor women studies and media studies at the University of New York in Buffalo said it's such as said it's such as it ever was. Whatever that means you can look back to classic paintings of the 17th and 18th century and see fully cloth men with nude women. What are you? That's been a constant of Western culture for centuries and representation of art. The women have been presented as objects for what in film theory is called the male gaze. She had that's G.A. G.A. G.A.A. G.A.A.A.S. The male gaze. That's you. The assumed viewer is male and the woman is to be looked at for male pleasure. She said. She said in other ways there are few full frontal male nude scenes that it raises an issue of vulnerability for men. It raises her. For a man to attissue. For a man to reveal his private parts is to be reduced to the position that women have always been reduced to which is to be examined to be judged. And I think that's a scary thing. She said adding when a man is flat a flasher it's not a very viral thing. Exactly. When it's very limpline like a wet noodle it's not very exciting. Like a little turtleini. It's not very excited. One theory holds and sometimes it even when it is excited still like a little for a mini. One theory holds about women in several areas to satisfy scope of filia that turns sometimes you can feminist film criticism that literally means the love of looking. Scope of filia. Can I scope and filia? Men really have just one more size matter. So one might have a beautiful face or legs that I'll say say her breast size but her man has a certain shortcoming. A handsome mug with six pack abs feel to make up for it. Like if Tom Brady were like stark naked in the middle of play girl magazine. And he had like a little eddy titty video. Right. A girl. A girl. Jerk in his girl. I can't say that. Wait a minute. He just said it again. He said it. Sorry. For a male viewer there's Jim McBride aka Mr. Skin who runs a website that's a friend of movie nudity. Oh, do we add this one we're using? Yes indeed. Mr. Skin.com. We love them. He recently we've quoted his saying he prefers his silver screen sex without a guy in the scene. Wapping suggested the men also may be afraid of the male gaze G.A.Z. For a little fabric reasons we don't want him face looking our penis. The fear of male homosexualities, the fear of the loss of male dominance in our society. If everybody gets equally sexualized equally open and having sex with everybody else and the whole system of male dominance gets called into question. Fox search lights release of the dreamers uncut and with an NC 17 rating is refocus detention on the issue of sexuality and movies. The distributed side of go ahead with the un-mold-erized version. Bertilucci alluded to his expression make love not war from the late 60s when he's still a set by saying after on orgasm is better than a bomb. I thought an orgasm was the bomb. Americans are much more comfortable with extreme violence than movies than any sexuality observed Stephen Julie Gillula, Fox search lights present in distribution and on and on a cross at great length. So to speak. 567.0.5.60. You'll notice that we have a example. We have women on our couple's contest right? Right. Bearing it all. Do we ever have well? I don't want to say that. Because we didn't have one last year right? But we have one guy. I guess. Hangin' out his head. I can't do it. Please don't do it again. Prop 26.5.60.9.00. I'm not sure. We're supposed to be a spicy dish. We're supposed to be a spicy dish. There, paints. I don't think I'm lacking anymore. You're just watching me, Chase. Now you do stare at the floor. We're supposed to be a spicy dish. I don't laugh anymore. But you're just thinking you're making a paper towel and a dirty magnet. That's all we needed to get back. Now it seems like the change that I think that you're the one who blind their paints. I don't let him in at home. He sings. They're running. I don't think I'm lacking anymore. Because when you get to drink it, you put me places I've never been the boss. They're running with the cat on glass. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. Why can't we just get a grip on our mind to hand really soon? And the turns are truly how it feels. If we put our heads together, we just stay on forever. It's fair thing. I got a lot to relax for. Oh, and running. Wow, your shaving shave. Hopefully he's 25, 60, WDQM. 650 votes. Robert Plague don't have any. He's got the big. Oh, great. Even John Kerry and Roger Gates got full, which means it's Matt and Lynn and their two buddies. Even Bobby. He's a new, Bonnie Lee sister. Even Bonnie Lee sister has a vote of she in fact. Jesus is a plodding, she's chuffling and yuckin. If I finish up the Michael Jackson, because I'm thinking we haven't done it in a very long time in a cool in the age. You know, that Wednesday won a two hour that I should make. But because it's a holiday, wouldn't it be a nice bonus for the audience? I play it all bit the comedy R between one and two today. Oh, yeah. It is a holiday. It'd be president's day. He's been working hard in the list. He's as grand. And Franklin Pierce. And William Henry Harrison. Hey, Billy. Back in a house, Billy. It's rain outside. Anyway, I want to finish up this thing. Not that much more to go. Okay. The Michael Jackson thing for Vanity Fair. 30 Chandler has graduated from college and today he manages his own money. But doesn't work. He's haunted by his early experience. Despite the fact he's got a lot of money. He says, Jordi has had a start his life over at least three times. Whenever he starts with a new social group, somebody figures it out. And he can't stay in the group because people continued to talk about it. How much money did you get? Did he do it? Even in Germany, he was a cost of by a stranger on the street yelling, you're a Jordi Chandler. Once he received an email through a brand new account, we know who you are. Jordi, who wonder when extensive therapy at the time in relationship with discovered hasn't spoken with mother since your deal, he blamed her for putting him in harm's way. Evan Chandler has become a total reclusive strange from his family except for Jordi. It's been psychologically devastating for him, Ray Chandler says. In the last half of 93, seldom self-abignage vilified man in the world he adds, Michael did break up this family. Michael doesn't seem to give post to children from solid to parent homes. Ironically, Jordi Chandler is the tantalizing specter, hovering over the current case. In order to establish a defendant's character, California law makes admissible, prior allegations demonstrating that defendants propensity to commit molestation. Therefore, sedent and can subpoena Jordi Chandler intensify against Jackson today. If he refuses, he can be found in content of corporate not jail. In 1993, Jordi was interviewed eight or nine times by authorities who probed him for inconsistencies to see if he would make a credible witness. He reportedly never wavered in his story. A judge must decide whether Jordi or any other alleged victims or anyone who gave it a position about what is in fire by an axe can be called of a stand. All of these witnesses could be cross-examinationists of their motives and making their original charges, subpeening any or all of them therefore may be a tough call for a stand-to-make. According to Ray Chandler, if Jordi were to testify today, he'd be a real hero for life. He should come out because this boy is sick. He's brave and he needs help. If Michael's acquitted people will look back to 93 and say that was a hoax too, then Jordi and Evan will be in a much worse position than now, Feldman says, then he's already content with Jordi Chandler about testify. From their nicknames for each other, due to head, apple head and rubber, Jackson and Jordi Chandler appear to have had an extremely intimate relationship back when Jackson was 35 and Jordi was 13. Victor Gutierrez calls it all out and practically put a graphic detail in his book Michael Jackson was my lover with Jackson's can't manage this a press in the US. If Jordi thinks it's going to end with this one, he has to see nothing ends with this one Ray Chandler said, Jordi's testimony could be the nail and Michael Jackson's coffin. Jackson's celebrity in this powers of seductive are not to be easily discounted. Mion Holies says he seen Jackson be presence of countries. CEO's and billionaire is very worldly people and he never fails to impress. People are in off Michael Jackson because he's Michael Jackson. If they're so impressed, you don't think Michael Jackson can't charm a 13 year old? A press accused insider from the Chandler case said, so many of the boys enjoyed their relationships. They didn't feel like victims. They were showered with gifts. They were very very special treatment. At that age, your kid's sense of his own sexuality is just starting to develop. To our knowledge it was never a forceable situation was just more an exploration. For a guy like Michael Jackson to say I love you, your kid's in a very vulnerable age and they can't even fully process what's going on as they get older it hits in. After all the demonstrations of support for Jackson all the Bruhaha and Kevel TV are over this case will come down to whether or not a jury believes the current boy in his family or time of the truth and how the jury assesses their motives. The judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the judge says the add that jury hear the judge A bride. There you go from Ben and E. Fair magazine. This is a prize. That's what I say. Let's go with and prize a little bit. I'll have a lot better because if anybody would like you over three, there's no he doesn't. Right? He's a Peter file. He's a crab. 560, 560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I think that was a sensational idea you had about the one that took common to get sour. I always come up with them. Back in just relax. 600. Oh, Bobby Blake got a vote. See this goes a bang on that. See this is just a proof of what I called Bonnie's sister. Yeah, that bitch. Which of these you think was the biggest scandal ever? The invasion of Iraq based on lies to it in 24. Hands down. 2000 election. It was stolen. Make no mistake about it. 147. Right there are funny or nozes. As they were pouting on those doors. I'm a sin. I'm a sin. Right. What about the skin line? 25. Oh, Jason's a murder charges. 41. They hate you. Oh, Jay like poison. Monica penis get only 23. Take Kennedy in chap of quit with 2D 16. Okay, I hear right. I was wrong. Big deal. Iran contrary 11. Vatican banking scandal. 8. Immover the odd. Michael Jackson, Chamberlain Station charges 7. John Kerry and Dredgegate. 4. Means that's voted 4 times. Very condent Sean Relievee 3. Whatever happened to Sean. Are they found their bones remember? They did. You don't remember that? Sculling bones? They're a tattered jogging suit. Not really. And it all fades have been so many of these deals. You know who the hell can remember? Robert played murder charges and Gary Harton donarized each have one. Oh, 2646. And the hits just keep on coming. 221 at 5. 60 QM the mad dog at 2. No, I have no. 26420 likes it. You weigh in. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. Make one suck in pee time apart. You know, when you're tired, you all gased to sleep? How is he, yeah? Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. How is his family family? Oh, he's a 🎶 We need to get there straight and get him intended what we wanted. Dad said Mazzy did something about Safe-T�? This is not right. He's got a heart that's old, hope is don't explode He makes decisions, he has the vision He has the country under his control While pushes jogging, it's dangerous robbing And that's what happens when your heart is old And it's full of hope Yet the change is not a heart that's old And it's done a blow You'll keep on working till as hard as hope He'll keep wekenning that is hard, hey no But it's really old There's been a million of it Rough 45 at 5.60, WCM got a big hour coming up at 1 to 2, comedy with its hour It's like a bonus today for the audience, right? Right, at us And for us, that's a holiday, we shouldn't be here today anyway This should be one of those mandatory days And the entire staff is working their ass off today Mo and guilty, the little dog Joe Rose, yours truly is Mad dog, the Humper, Eddie Kay, and even Joe Mark Well, I'm assuming we're on this morning, right? I can release him Absolutely, you bet Joe looks exactly like younger Howard Dean So here's Carl from California who says And I'm not really sure I understand this, I think I do We want to combine that this one with that one from the, uh, high couple's consist He says, here's a positive jet, and let's combine the high couple's contest With whom we want, for example, Jiselle and Sarah Says Carl from California It's a little complicated, don't you think? A little bit I mean like mix and match and paste this one on at pasty and whatever Okay, well, we'll think about that, I'll put that in there I'm always gay for a good poll suggested, man Easy, it's not easy at all Well, let's get a whole bunch of calls in here before we're on a clock Because I'm sure that these people are just full of material force 560, 560 on the AT&T and the whatever it is Verizon, Marvellous Line, QA and hello Hello Hello Hello Yes, I can't believe you don't have the Kennedy assassination on your thing Kennedy assassination wasn't a scandal No, never got that Of course it was, you'll never get the load down on that You know that Well, who killed cockrobbin? Probably Robert Blake Right there, you're gonna probably you're right, okay, thanks Can't believe you don't have that on her, didn't we discuss that before? I mean if you Let's put the war in commission report on there, okay, to make some people I mean I agree with them We'll never know the truth about a lot of things Almost anything But don't forget, Jesus said the Mary and the three wise ladies I mean the three wise men said the three wise gays Yeah, the wise guys, okay, the wise guys Well, you know what to have on any I give up Or maybe it's not any, maybe it's the biography channel All the last week they were doing stuff on like baby face Nelson and Al Capone My baby stock, you'll say was baby face to Nelson That's what they called me 560, 750, 560, on the AT and T and Verizon Yeah, let's put it on the era, I hit the habit of doing more work, you know But it is a labor a lot on as a result, he'll put it on there Why Josh is doing that? Oh Josh is doing like I said he might as well do something For a fucking half an hour he's making So the war commission report If they don't know what the war commission report is then they shouldn't be voting for it anyway Right, we don't have to put like on a JFK assassination 1963, out of y'all the other crap By the way, war commission report wouldn't have been to 1964 Because I'll be j said hey, here's to conclude you're going to come to And write about your stuff, you know that comes to that conclusion Is that okay? It feels like a little bit like that And zero for it was chewing gum at the time he said Motor and then all of a sudden he became president one day How many QAM hello? Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. This is the first time call from Hollywood. Around. I'm from actually from the British country But I was one and do you have the one and date report on this? Yes. And one more, the judge in Miami Select that metal, like you kill that young girl. Let him go, Lee Bo? Yeah. Okay, thanks a lot, Paul. And have a great day. Are we putting that in there? No, no. Oh no, he's talking about the judge in Sir Soda Who let the, well he didn't let the guy go. That four judges taken so much slack over the That's what he's referring to. This guy, but he's a little nervous but nevertheless. That's what he was trying to refer to. What was talking about? Let him go, Lee Bo. No, it was not the judge's fault. But nevertheless, five, six, seven, five was the system's fault. They should have thrown away the key. Lock them up for another fifty years. But we never do that. That's what he was referring to. Yeah, to make room for a hot head. There you go. We got to have a lot of room for a lot of hot heads. And now that we have the new of Senator police in there with the, The, the right wingers, all the good Christians out there. The God squad, then we can have all the, a portal people in there too. Right, all the hot heads and potty mouths. Now that Algo's thing, that is time on record, Silent Making Stickler, or Flood Size back in there. And everybody else too, that ever was naked in their life. So it's a QA and hello. I'm the plant. Me and me too. From the side of your voice, WQM hello. Uncle, no. Yes, sir. Hi, Kelly. WQM, hello. Yes, sir. Oh, is there? Okay. The question for you. I know about farmers like I told you, you have to, to make a soup can. Yeah, I'm on the, I'm on the head, sir. I'm on the, I'm on the, I'm on the, I'm on the, How about that. There you go, gee, hey, Monica. We all got you. guy yeah living and breathing human being right I'm trying to find a new website somewhere and it's not there is it there and I'm just stupid or what Buffalo Bill Cody yeah lotion the basket oh it works in the nourishing in the basket do we have anything from Buffalo Bill on there do we have a body augmentation or it put huh who does who knows so I best advice is keep looking it works in the lotion in the basket exactly Buffalo Bill Cody yeah he was kind of wild Bill Hitchcock funny who's also kind of the coach of the whatever the whole his coach of the flyers what a big fat Alfred Hitchcock he makes me nauseous W2M hello you sure how about with one of our local here miss Pio call me now who? that was nice I go Cleo miss Cleo he said that was a big scandal miss Cleo called me now man what would you say about the scandal she was okay she was just another entrepreneur that's all what a shocker you I mean stop and think about it's not seeing another adding to list the list is closed okay this pulls closed and take out so all of my involvement the short about nine minutes to the world god just grasping or how could you not put this on there and you missed this miss Cleo man get out of here go back to wherever you came from and go over to hitting help them straight in their problems out while you're on a way I'll be public a diminishing comments right next door how come since they're both on the same island how come I'll be putting a diminishing kind of we never hear much about and poor Haiti they just got all these problems speaks and stokes is that what it is? George said that by the way he said the speaking span will clear your can they can Spanish WQM hello he said you're a problem of speaking we see WQM hello hi my vote is for the 2000 me debacle okay thanks we'll put it on there for it well it was ladies voice anyway George we'll take it you're on George's it'll take it 5 6 7 0 5 60 if anybody says one word about this pull we all got the one four five minutes six hundred eighty votes and Robert Plague murder charges did get one on Gary Harton down a rise said one rice is nice WQM hello we're starting to question alien WQM hello you know that that's Robert Creeper that is Robert Creeper you know it's just on me that's Robert doing a voice or doing himself don't you have a sound oh yeah that you Robert Rodier smoke tell me what you have hello yes sir I'm good love this WQM hello yes I'm out of this toilet bowl and going to Vegas tomorrow okay man plug your brains out 5 6 7 0 5 6 he's leaving tomorrow I would have thought he would left like on Friday would have been good everybody left everybody's out of town but we had a big response out of our sub because we got how he's varies they're right there are still an action side by each and we got the hot couple's contest and whatever else you want we got miss pledge with your boxer shorts investigating for stains and evidence WQM hello yeah yes sir hey I heard you've been I know you've been talking about that plantation you think we should move out of here what well what does that mean I've been talking bad about plantation I said that I talked about it really I'm just wondering like what give me an example of one thing I said about plantation which I haven't mentioned in months in any way what have I said I don't know just I don't either WQM hello are you allowed to say chicks with X no we're allowed to say Dixie chicks right WQ and I can't say that anymore especially can't say that QM hello yes I'm okay that's gamma ever do we borrow the Marty's chocolate for Chris okay great it's talk some hockey what do you say I right get out of it I grab man when I think of the audience that I launched in the time that I wasted in the energy that I just threw right on the old toilet wow this well and all that let's do another hockey show yeah you better get on the hornwood rumor okay you can kill two birds who are starting to get out of her three eyes and you can also set up the next hockey show I think when I went all of a sudden done when I write my memoir if I live that long I'm going to read the how this achievement is the fact that I survived those hockey show wow wow wow wow wow everybody loved it oh it's great everybody loves it oh my my my my my everybody the crowd of twenty that you hang around with everything in hockey play yeah they love it rest of the audience they're all gone even George was bailin out since he remember would come in George would like leave I got sick I gotta go home those were the worst shows in the history of my life but I'll do apologies to Don Cherry and Mike Lang and anybody else with Don Louis show is whichever good Ron McLean Don McLean and his American pie oh we were probably the apologize profusely would you accept it not too late it's your fault you didn't want to talk me out of that you should have said don't do any more of those hockey shows rumors killing you did say that you did say that like all during those shows you were to be saying all the phones are bringing off the work with complaints you can try to screen across and under every hundred calls ninety now is he crazy what is he doing understatement what I don't want to answer this phone anymore they're blowing whistles and screaming at the top of their voice in my ear they write their mind let me ask you which one you think I will remember a bigger thank you for that or a midterm who showed her right melon and man was it great and there we all like it be dinner playnaj b First she denied it said was a mistake a costumal function that just didn't to live in the same place. And now they will meet it. They flash for us to. It'll be the Super Bowl. Remember the boom. We have seen. Since it was in these insane. So torn I would see. Big lips. One lips. I'll never forget. That Involve is tough. I'll remember this game for soon. Can it jog? Ooh! Back that. Ooh! Back that. Ooh! Back that. Ooh! Back that. Ooh! Back that. Ooh! Back that. The world is ours. And if these pride can't be chosen, go. Just like with that easy one more two, there was a hold on art for the brass with boost that deck. Grab everything in back deck. They won't be doing that again back deck. They need to win two wars. And you let it know what the rattle is for. You want some water? Well now it's art. You sell the armor and nominal charge that deck. You got to suck it, make it back deck. I'm not going to be back deck. Now push it's gun. That's little boy gets hit, he's been he wants. That's little boy gets hit, he thinks he wants. That's little boy gets hit, he thinks he wants that deck. Who would that deck? Who would that deck? Who would that deck? Huh... How troubles Even for hours This, she's fast when the postage So what does this backstage show They can finish my wee eye I just have to round When the he asked if they can do so Really, it's a whole night I still find my old tracks That's why I still do these concerts for you I feel the street without you Listen to me, you should stand by and stand for sofaking And it's there where everything is out to the high sofaking stand is The selection is in just huge, it's sofaking huge Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else And sofaking surprises on this low, they're sofaking low You'll never find them anywhere else Listen to me, when I say sofaking as a beautiful store I mean sofaking beautiful When I say a staff is helpful I mean sofaking helpful Listen to me, get to know the sofaking And enjoy a selection that's sofaking huge A staff that's sofaking courteous And prices that are sofaking low You'll never shop anywhere else But don't take it for me Take it from satisfied, customer, frank and stand Sofaking good Yo, saturday, fracking sofaking good Who's that group of moths? Lone Helping the car on it If a bunch of faculty thinking front and underlays Sit in the salad army Who are those fanatic? And they're not so good eight If you've got stealing your handle and you say Sit in the salad army Sit in the salad army The salad band said cause they're rule A tennis band about their optimal rule A down the band, man He doesn't give a damn About his country's farming masses He's sure swear the driver passes So we can go and check their asses Back up Who keeps all the wind and Covered at the soul It could be Osama under there You'd never know the salad band The salad band said The salad band said cause they rule a tennis band About their optimal rule A down the band Welcome to a pitch line And there they are Direct from the motor city Motown The sweet sound of the temptation Home sit down relax At the pitch in Tiki bar Sit down on the leather castles Love Or hit on over suitors And hit two proud of big thumbs With a lady, big, free And if you happen to get separated And you know cause it's a big place And you lose your baby on tentation island You can go over to them Since I love my baby Lost the fire And it's not It's don't work Cause it's letting a lovely lady doll around Oh and guys When you turn shaking, bacon on the beach Rollin' around in the same Which are ladies And you hit on over to the guy's shower And just don't look back Don't have it That's right You roll with your shoes And tassel eyes Be the man for any cover Lately, that's it And I'm on On On On Never go Who hit my gun I wrote a song When she told me that But in a swear word or two When you say it's too blue There was a interesting thing Those overage, better not see Now we stand on my song And see And I've got Those words I know not how they live And make me And pull me up They don't think they may And it's not so so so so so so And I've got to I didn't think to get all the efforts Till they were done So just leave them away Never saw you free to be cheap Who's ever moved from that achieve They should never mess with my arms Let your girl to bury the stars Let your black bear Or you'll take the black bear If something's wrong I don't show her that your girl Be up with them one night Just reach them away Let their black bear Take you to it Because coming near home And very soon we'll be a new group of Nazis Man, the police They're coming Somebody put a nice trip to the middle of that cage You don't want to say? No, what happened? It was like about 15 seconds to go So whoever put that in there I don't want to say it might have been Well you know who Somebody strange And anyway, 721 votes on the poll So far not too shabby Which of these do you think was the biggest scandal? It's another poll question That some of these people still don't understand So there's an evidence between a cover-up of mystery, a right? Right And a scandal Right, a scandal is scandalous Right A cover-up is Devious Right, anyway Invasive Iraq based on lies is when an ittle win Of course 250 The 2000 election is stolen from us right in front of our post 176 And by the way, you all Jews in Palm Beach don't know if you can And he's not even run this time Maybe it's Please try to be scandal 108 Watergate 60 OJ Murder Charges 44 Monica Penisgate Only 24 Take Kennedy in Chapa Quit it no matter how you spell it 20 Iran contrary 11 Michael Jackson's How molestation charges eight Vatican banking scandal eight Nor does he have a Vatican in Michael Jackson like tied together with him They both like the altar voice John Kerry drugged eight five So Miss Mudge has a couple of friends on her I guess maybe that's whose underwear is holding up in that picture Very kind of wood and Sean Reliebe 3 They really found her bones Yeah, you don't remember? No, maybe it was on vacation or something I was clothing And no Isn't he making that up Josh? Yeah See Josh has no idea he would know Sean Reliebe from Marvin Livi He probably knows Marvin Livi used to coach the bills See that's something he knows We're our commissioner report two which doesn't really belong on here It's not a scandal or should people get it the only Robert Blake murder charges and very hard don't erase one piece out of 724 I'm not going to waste my time with the I don't mean waste my time But like take a puke at the contest yet Wait till the morning when we sit down And then whoever's ahead now probably being last place because you know they just go nuts when you're not paying attention But at least expect it One thirteen at five sixty if your weight is going nuts Man if you're called fat as a cow like most people in the a planet now And that's just an American thing here in Canada They're like filming at the mouth of all these fat He's disgusting little beast people Everybody's probably a died book We don't have to buy any book to get on balance For I probably have to make one easy call Tonight five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine and get the balls rolling That's right If you try it all the others the great fruit died And the uh... Susan summer is in the south piece and you're still fighting the cow Balance for life takes away all the guesswork because you don't have to do any shopping No calorie counting no carbohydrate counting how much of anything So filling out the menu once a week and then eating that great delicious food By six o'clock every morning deliver right to your dough a little black sack And in your sector a three hormone balance score may be also based on the zone dive And three delicious next plenty of delicious fresh food to keep you full and happy Because you're not going to be cheap and you won't be snacking because you're snacks are right in there Five feet in every day so if you really want to try something We might not be losing the way once and for all this is the delicious the intelligent way to do it Balance for life nothing drastic no pills to pop no books to buy Call him today nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or Check him on their website at balance for life dot com Nine And we'll Six four three five six Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two A Two Two Two Two Three Four Three Two One Two Two Two Under the quirk and produce shade If you rise down your name it is little black But they might pull you from the river on the end of the world Here's a whole life They'll sell you in a silver hole They can fly a fish, catch up in a hole And sit in a whip, stand and hide That's what it's like if you are Gary's girl Got help you with your Gary's girl And hope you're gone You're gone just like that Remember that more test of вер- различ猪猪 Always innocent enough Words of hero Note by millions Across land They'll into the sunset Here's a slide now. She was hanging with another man. But you swim home now for a night bestie mask and a pair of gloves and a vacuum went. A she was stiff and her friends awaiters. In giving more than 15% Weir juice could take. Start a slides and then dive and don't you know what? Was that the air balls before they fell? She made a touchdown in O'Shekago. It's yet to nothing. I'm about to... I'm about to illegitimate. When he flagged on a jay, fatherly co-proced jay, whoo-hoo! With a night that's a prison yard better seen. He said, with conviction, that's what's just when you have to rise. I don't hear the freeway. In a getaway, run, go. Pressing something to his skull. Wishing he was dead. But it was a sad phone. No matter pistol, suicide by sum of five. She fitted his head. A little if I didn't get a mark. Now it's up to the jury. But he was surely big jay alive. A night that he will let us say. They fit a bad brojay. They focused it in O'Shekago. The hack to why? Hack to why, bitch. I can't find me, no jays so black. I can't find him. Now, who's a good point that they go? A good father and a daughter of a cat, a goat. He's saying, honey, cut for the dog. But when you take him back, it was a ride with him. And dog. And dog. All right. And dog. That's what he did dog. He took the dog to the cage. I'm going to go see a town that I can do. But I'm going to be a bull. Think it up, but they can go, no, good son. They've had a sale, bitch. And where is that? There it goes. There it goes. There it goes. That's it, there it goes. There's a handling back cat. He's a lot of me, full bit dry. And I can't find the child in the house. Who would be the skates of my dog that I'll... And dog. And dog. And dog. That's it, that's it. And dog. And dog. Do you see our ratings in the last book? Yeah, I know it's not easy. Sure, good offer to you. That's the food. Like a back cat. Like a mow, like a mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow. Like a back cat. And dog. And dog. I got enough, like I got to think about on top. I didn't rate it. And I don't need a rating because I'm minus 8. Don't care, I can do it again. And sometimes, you gotta wake a little harder. I'll get you a mow. Roast it, guts to grow. There's a lot of bad producers, you know. That's right, that's it. You won't wait for a mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow. You're back back, you won't wait for a mow, no mow. Oh, brother, all that grub, I don't know the stamp. Are you kidding? I'm a truff, I was using both hands. That's it, that's what you mean, a rating score. You just type, lift it, it's all your fault. I'm gonna straight the up, fat ass out. Well, I'll take the food out of you, I'm not. That's right, that's it, that's it. It's Banks, OK? Oh, whatnot! Goodbye, I'll save you. You bastard!辦 your mow. Thanks for stopping me. I think we have the sameξ reaction if we break back in your home. Bill Clinton was exposed as an adulterer. One of his goals may have been to humiliate me publicly, but now is my turn to show him what I had discovered. A nero-sphicious day, lunch was served on the grounds under an enormous white canvas tent. One of my challenges that afternoon was Fidel Castro. There was a mischievous playman alive. Then he said something that left me in awe. Heal-A-Ree, I have a picture of you in my office. Mmm, delicious! Almost immediately, we crashed into bed. It was wonderful to lose myself and share physical sensation. A few days later, Stevie Wonder called and asked if he could come over to see me at the White House. I answered, yes, you must come to see me. That night, I was ushered upstairs until the putonic wig and hoops skirt. And he periodically broke into giggles for no apparent reason. I'm not all that athletic anymore, but the next thing I knew I was swinging back and for squealing. When Stevie finished, I felt numb. Another surprise soon followed, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Mick Jagger. Bill didn't mind. After all, it happened. Oh, I don't know what it is about now. Why little voices or their thing knows it was. Toffee hats, tiny little necklaces. I don't know, they just, they just rub me the wrong way. And I sent a Tesla, let's send every speech on the redance, it's in the blue. So, powering hate's children. New week, hatred through the halls, dust and people's thoughts of all the streets and the moops. Hillary hates you. You won't catch your light in the Mandoira. No. God save us to have a wonderful war around. If you want these gifts, I want a prize. He could use a good redline. It's in the moops. Oh boy, Hillary hates you. That's what I said. This is then. Speak in a Jewish people. Steve Grossman, and I was talking about that earlier. No. Cheerio, about Howard Deans. Oh, yeah. Strongly democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean revealed today that National campaign chairman Steve Grossman had deported and deported. He was deported. That's right. With the former Hormont Governor, wouldn't disclose the circumstances to write him the change. And an appearance on the eve of the Wisconsin primary, Dean said Grossman was no logger with his campaign. I absolutely don't feel they trained by Grossman. I consider him to be a friend. He said without elaborating. In other words, let's say the better. So by my Steve, he's hopping over to John Kerry. I wouldn't even think that'd be a little scary for Howard. Just didn't seem to want to get the message. He just don't kid it. He's in fact, you ever see Howard Dean and Greg Reed together? Not lately. Same brain. They used to both have. 27 after one at five, 60, W to QM, hey, if you want a feast, if you want a really pig out, here's the place you'll always enjoy at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. What a line of a stuff they got waiting for you. They've got six different kinds of soups you can just to suck down. Then dozens of suck of an entree is like New York strip made order. And there's sizzling Asian grill along with new seafoods and a jok. Orchews on a half-shear, less can still grab middle-neck clams, domo shrimp scampy. If you have room to try the handcar primary, they have to do Thai specialties too. They've got a full salad bar, new sushi bar, and fresh shrimp cocktail all the time as well. And don't forget, no MSC headaches, no cornstarch scorched because they don't use any of that crap and they're cooking and they cook everything only with cholesterol free oils at the Emerald Coast. And if you have any remut in your pants, Emerald Coast has got a full desert station, featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings in fresh fruit. Like I said, just show a little in your pants and smuggle it out like you'll folks do. Three locations for Emerald Coast is in sunrise, Pineapple at a 44th Street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of 160 to North Miami Beach, and the intersex is the Mingle and Pemberc roads in, pretty just Pemberpines. Take the whole family book your next business lunch and right now and let our friends at the Emerald Coast hook up a feast for you, like you'll see no place else. Take out and we'll be available too, call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. Did I mention skippies in asshole? Not lately, but he is. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 for the unbeatable Emerald Coast trying to use the face. My life and love all this is for you by 60's. You wait and you ain't yet. Miami Town at 5-6-0-W-U-A. Take your call and and shove it. I ain't gonna work in no more. I don't know. I'm all the grim and her parents and co-founders. I've been out and I'm in the morning of winter. And I'm in the morning of winter. You can take your call and shove it. I ain't a person in no more. Well, I was a Christian, so you're a God. Well, he's a God, all these years. All that time, I've all of them everywhere. Love the scriptures, written backwards. Get to peace, take his power, hold calling and all the win and a mighty wave. Except in 9-11, when he must have been called on above, spend all the day. Take your call and shove it. I ain't gonna work in no more. No. No, you're always back. If your head loathes from everybody else's phone. Copy the card when watching people back. To the day my name is hallglark. But take your call and shove it. Eat, worship it and toll him. Take your call and shove it. What I am, your Servants, now your heart. Slow down and see your cup about to make the traffic stop. I've got the highest plastic bag. Can't let him see I'm smoking to be. But I don't ask. You're smoking to be. Hello officers, did I turn wrong? No, that's definitely not my phone. There's some way instead of me free. All I was doing was smoking to be. But I don't ask. Smoking to be. I've got lots of records that are not with the police. I'm higher than tight and I've got the monkeys that's good at gong. Can't don't I say can we please? That's when you get the smoke into the bees. But I don't ask. Who can do bees? But I don't ask. When he's a fella has the nasty, whole food has the money from the study. Oh, and if I sell my little bride, oh, within a gender that's crappy, oh, well he's a fella has the nasty, little fella has the nasty, little fella. Well he's a president and so does. Who doesn't have to run? No one else is going away. He might as well just go right in. She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. She has to go the food. He was born with love as that. So look out all you june. Oh, you're ready for the bad. He's a fella has the nasty nasty. Oh, you did our civil rights the way. Oh, why did the talent have the nasty, all of a sudden a fella? Well he's a very well-used, with very bad abuse, who's ever paid to do five extra robbing scrooves in hard. She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. I need to talk to you with that grey. I can't study with K-Wild, do you think they call it culpant. She's a fella having a nasty. Oh, don't think they can't have me. Oh, yeah, you did that. I have the nasty. Double best of the way. Double best of the way. Come on, man. Come on. Let's go. The couple's sexual rules are more popular than every before. And that's why KVS has colorized. And full sexualized, two movie prices will be reviewed this weekend. Some of you have to enjoy a classic love story with a new twist. It's with your Shakespeare's time was tailed, Romeo and Juliet. Romeo, what's it? Well, for our sorrow, Romeo. I'm riding, yeah. I bet you'd see it. When it's like behind you, Juliet, I'd say no. I know. I'll set it now, like it's about knowing. This can breathe. To the S presents one of the movie games all the time. Full most sexualized life. I've been the whole goal. I've come to see the community. And who are you? Clive. I mean, dreaming. Oh, I've been the whole goal. Don't miss it this Sunday. And next week is Charlie, and I will show an answer. And the children's classic adventure. Full goal, the lower. PBS, your entertainment alternative for all turn of their ball, turn of their. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I'm not known. Everybody's got a role. A guy in Montenir. What kind of purpose will you want? It's in Logan. In it in your work, it's long, because it's not fun, but you've come to the right mind, because I'm a guy in Montenir. Who? Who's the author of the song? I'm the poet, I'm the poet, I'm the poet, I'm the poet, I'm the poet. Charlie, are the chicks. We've got the answer. We've got the prey, the frog, the frog, the prey, the poor, the poor, the weak. The guy in the barn. The guy in the barn. Oh, the guy in the barn. Oh, the guy in the barn. The guy in the barn. Because he makes his his with love, and excurses them, does he? Booker, spat, and on, just fall. But then that's gone. We're here, what's the dream? The lady's just out the tree. Who can make his own clothes, not the prey to cause the scenes, the guy in the barn. The guy in the barn. Oh, the guy in the barn. Oh, the guy in the barn. Oh, the guy in the barn. And all the bits, his his with love, and excurses them, does he? The guy in the barn comes and says, that's pure uprival, the guy, my dog, the guy in the barn. Oh, the guy in the barn. And Mr. Muchluth, he's just out the tree. Let me know What's he like? But look first, The Gantagon The Gantagon Oh the Gantagon Oh the Gantagon The Gantagon And cause he mixes his resolve And makes his comfort Makes his sense of love Yes the Gantagon Cause he mixes his resolve Makes the system of love But again he does Oh I'm the old friend And the best of reasons But back out of the world I say All right swim I will start myself today My name is O'Copel This is my 60's The way you're so pure I'm happy you win Back up That's a boon Yeah, every Gary Diy Gary Diy Gary asking That's aigoy Gary Diy Afterwards beide Don't let a month Where Baby, baby, baby, baby Not as crazy as me If you want to help out I'm a family You can't grow out You're all gone You're all gone You can't be Everybody's safe You're really kicking us play You're always getting ready Baby, baby Everybody's dead You're so big and tall Baby So big and tall And you Don't dream about me Baby, baby The mad dog is out of control And you'll find out why When you hear the latest release from Blackbuster Entertainment Give that thing Sing's through it We're out of our eyes Find the crowd of the free crowd Our eyes Here's the mad dog To mend it Sing, wash it raw We're out of our eyes Here's the mad dog We're out of our eyes Let's go I'll run Come try I'll run I'll try I'll try I'll try I'll try So big and tall And you'll find out why When you hear the latest release from Blackbuster Entertainment I'm not a bad man! I'm not a bad man! I'm a bad man! I'm a bad man! I'm a bad man! I'm a bad man! At first, Jim said he built a little Facebook page. I like it. You make it a horror. But now he says, I like it. I like it. The man dog just pinned his end up with that cottage cheese butt. If he wants me to sing God bless America and pays tea to the G-S thing up here. I'll do it. You got souls and everybody knows that it's so rare! Oh, so rare! We're going to the bad dog sing of self-happy! I'm sad! I'm sad! I'm sad! I'm sad! Jim, if it seems to be it, they'll know it all blocks us or stories. Now, from Washington, the Maglachlan group, featuring Elano Kliff, Jack Dremont, and sitting in for Pat Buchanan, New York Giant Kiki Barber. Now, here's John Maglachlan. This is you, one! George Dovia, rings of vault! Elano Kliff! Well, gentlemen, have to say... Wrong! Jack Dremont! It's not an easy choice. Wrong! I'm going to have to say the book wrong! Actal answer! Poor exercise! That's not even a choice! That's the issue! Elano, bring in the noise, bring in the funk or cash! Elano, I think it's all on off! Well, John, I have to say... Wrong! Jacky Jacky, make a mind! Why's it a very difficult choice? Wrong! Tiki Barber! I'm going to have to say, right! Tiki Barber! You gave it an inch and last time, I wasn't a joy! Wrong! Correctly spawns, cats! He loves them! Next issue! The cast of big brothers should be murdered! How? Elano! You're with the strong Jacky Barber! I know my wrong Tiki Barber! I don't think they should be Tiki! Wrong! Actal answer! Poison pudding! Bye-bye! Bye-bye! Bye-bye! 148, that's maybe a mild time favorite. I'll give the Quivers in my ass when I play them. It's great. Speaking of Quivers, Mike Oxlong, one of our great factions, says, Greatest scandal in the history of South Florida, The Default Micah Suki, Great Greek Fiasco. I think you may have a point. I'm so good! Something to think about. Okay, that's our poll. Which of these was the biggest scandal ever? Some of you are a little bit slow to understand the question, but that's okay. Almost 800 votes. If we don't get 800 by 2 o'clock, by the way, George says next three weeks. You got only 13 to go? I'm going to do that myself. Invasion of Iraq based on lies 266, The 2000 election Fiasco 188, they stole it. Three child abuse scandal, 121. Watergate 67, OJ murder charges 47, Monica Penisgate only 31, only 31. Not 31! Not 31, man! But that was a big stimulus. Ted Kennedy and Champa Quitic move it up in 2020, Iran Conqueror 11, Michael Jackson's Child Ball Station charges 8, as if it was a basic prize, I guess. Vatican banking scandal 8, John Kerry and Drudgegate 5, what MSFG's busy on it, those he's tapping on it. Or in commission report 5, Gary Condit and Sean Relievey 4, Robert Plague murder charges 2 now, all bodies of assisted is voted. And Gary Harton down his rice, if you have it won. Oh, look at that. A sudden surge, 794 already. What's that? It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new room. It's a new deletängement. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a new law. It's a Third Mary absolutely rude. It's not unfair.程, Law, or Informations, It's like this relics. It's land-camble, live from the Paragobadu. Amen, old drug cowboy! When I've been to the mines, I start weaving all over the world. But, uh, I'm a feminist. I'll be sober. I am the juice I have a shell made. It's made with your own. I have this story, I have this story. I've got the task to go in. I dream on the air and now I'm moving. I'm doing a miracle for county. I'm mixing boots and legs up low. I'm all the big stuff. I'm just a wash of Frankie. I'm a asshole. I'm all the Dallas in one lot of the clothes. It's as old as I am. That's just how much I hate to defend. Yes, land can build. This season's old time, baby six. From the Maricopa tubes of elbow-we're ever sing-retty traitors. The Middle Eastern world will be exploded. The Domet people go with the gas that we sold him. First time a grister nation and they only want that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea and the nooks there towed to nothing. Right wing is really new though, but in over it to our head. Daddy rag as some. Memphis of past this grudgeon. 3,000 people killed. On our Northward God, my sixth void of its dead. I hate their loyal two-be of conscience. So in that person down to play Keto's psalma, there's no longer mention of the name in law. But no one sees concern of the inflations. Believe in every word of this heart-telling administration. That controls us by fear through the American Middle Eastern and the right wing. He is really good over it to our head. Daddy rag as some. Weapons of past this grudgeon. The lost civil rights is the price that we're paid. We're all suspects now not see us from this saint. I have nothing to hide. Table talkers all are safe. I know Biddy and Adel don't have any reservations. Out of provoked Babylon, we're a bit dial-mechan. Old regime must fall and Haliburton is gone. With no objection at all. There's a credstone of the fall and thus. Right wing is really good over it to our parade. Watch this. My rag has some. Wet this self-masters structure. Only a rag has some. Wet this self-masters structure. And if you're not a dude, you're not a girl. What? What? What? What? What? What? Why do people think I'm here? Why do people say it's not strange? Assuming my life in your veins, why do they think I'm here? What? What? What? What? They don't. But no one knows. If I really get the holes, why does it think I'm here?