I know another audio selection from the Cleansing memoirs. Sex, sex, sex, sex, diplomacy, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, monoceth. What was I thinking? Sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, international health and pancakes. Hmm, Hillary. Whoa, how did that get in there? The Cleansing memoirs. That book stores this summer. 1001. I, if you gotta be honest with you, I don't care. It's coming out tomorrow. The book of the In the stores. I don't just not into a bummer right now. Like I'm a lot. I love him. But, uh, I didn't want 60 minutes last night. I just don't care. Mixed reviews on it. Oh, skating review for the New York Times. Right. Basically a piece of crap. I'm so obsessed with this. What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what. What, my favorite. Maybe we'll like, all the day between him. And with an occasional one of the last throw on it. Finally. Man, get an ego check sweetheart. Get an ego check, but that little squeaky voice Torp Gildi, man, old man. After all the research, we've done, we've finally figured out. Here's the Chigurin of Woodpeil. You know, then? We did research. did research? Yeah, I did my own research. Oh, don't let me forget to tell the stereotype about my bursting and boil. Are you kidding? My back. I got a good jar of strawberry yogurt that I wanted to eat. That was a highlight of my aporace. My operation was my vacation. Seriously, I did a little self-operation. I have a boil on my boat that I've had for years and I've burst it at different times and it would go away and it came back. And it's been bugged me so I did like a whole self-operation and a great job by Dr. Rogers. If I say so myself, what are you gonna paint in the ass? Well, if you have one of those on the ass, they would be really bad. I per tails. I'll bet. Pad news to get started. We'll get it out of the way. We don't want to have a whole lot in this Friday. It's gonna be out in Spiderman's right wingers who try to ban it. Fear and height 911. Spiderman Ray Bradbury, everybody else. Movie will be out in a theater near you this Friday. Can't wait. I miss baloney that well, only the people already are a heat boister the ones that are gonna go see that. I don't believe that. No. I think a lot of people are kind of like on the fence who would like to see a little bit of the truth. And yeah, he did do the one bad thing where he ran up to that one congressman to come to find out. The congressman has got the two nephews or whatever who are in Afghanistan who are in the military right now. And he didn't point that out. So that was Michael Moore's bad. But nobody's perfect. And I'd give him like about 98%. Here's the bad news. Former Marines were killed that they west of Baghdad. US officials said footage from the scene. In the city of Ramadi showed the bloody bodies of the forest sprawled on the ground. The uniforms apparently removed and surrounded by scattered equipment and belongings. But I thought everything was just fine. Oh, we're fine. But the public seems to think now because they got to rest from all the bad news and the horrible realities. And then, of course, we had that little bit of a problem with Paul Johnson. Little be hitting. I I looked at those pictures. And I just I don't know. There's something that leaves me. Maybe I'm the only one. Leaves me limp. A little a little suspicious of those pictures. I'm not going to say they didn't chop his head off. And other than you do the same of the South Korean hot news as well. Right. But there's just, if you look at the pictures, they don't look real. Again, there's a tremendous lack of blood. There's a little bit of blood. And the expression on his face doesn't appear to me. The expression that you'd expect to be on somebody's face when somebody is saw their head off, you know, right? Well, maybe they shaped it back in place. I don't think so. Well, you have a look at it. No, I haven't. No, thank you. Well, take a peek at it. No, it's not really all that glory because like I said, there's not a lot of blood. And there's there are three different pictures. One where the head is kind of sitting on a body. Kind of like on his. And then don't be doing that thing about put your head on my shoulder. We're not playing Paul. I go away. That would be very bad. You're such a heartless bastard. Not bad news though because I am back for a few days before the summer schedule starts. Those people were appreciate the great job that George did last week. I did. I heard about three minutes. It was on Friday when Suds was on. In fact, I didn't hear you say anything because the only time I was in here when he was on, doing a little bit of I was actually looking something up about my operation on the internet and was on Friday. And it was a Suds was on. Right. And I listened to that and finally dawned on me the real reason that Rick and Suds are on the air anymore. And I was Rick. Yeah. You laugh all you want. But that's a truth. And you know it. Why don't you make today the day that you finally spit it out. Okay. Say it right on the air. I'm a Rick rally sucked. Okay. Suds is great. Everybody. Nobody doesn't like Suds. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. He's great. Everybody likes him. He's fun. He's got an unbelievable sense of humor. He's just a fun kind of guy. Nothing wrong with him. But Rick is just a see something that rhymes with Rick. But we can't say it on the air. There's a letter missing there at the beginning. That precedes it. Rick. Rick. He's a real brick of a guy. Yeah. Something sounds like brick. And that was the problem with a church is why they're not on the air anymore is because of Rick. And then of course fair value was minus 2.75. Yeah. When she started when at Stockmarket Craft that was end of them. Man. Anyway, Amber Smith is on our out behind a baby curtain today. If you got a lot of courage. I'm not that big on Amber Smith. But nevertheless, there is a leader. Oh, she's. Oh, I think it. And she's naked. Take a look at that pulling a man. She looks a little like Dr. Judy Dean when you come right down with the. There's a pretty face. They're better face pictures of her. But not as they might not get news for the one on the bio that I printed out here is not a better one. It's a worse one if you saw this you're not as kind of saying, but nevertheless, it's a naked picture and most of you. Horty desperate guys, you know what this reminds me? Yes, do they? I don't know what made me think about it. I guess there was some blurb in there about the Paris Hilton. I was thinking of the day the guy called I'm doing the show and it is if I'm not even here. Oh, George, have you seen that if you're seeing the Paris Hilton video yet? And this is guy talk. See, real heterosexual guys, can you see them? Like why would anybody with vision? Even the late Ray Charles said, why would anybody with vision want to see Paris Hilton with her without clothes on? Right. I want to see the Paris Hilton video? No. I don't get that, but again, just because it's there. See, there. And to me, that just it stinks. It wreaks just like that boy that I burst on my back. It smells so bad. Rancid, like the end of the world of desperation to me. Anyway, originally from Tampa Florida, Amber Smith. And for some strange reason, and that I couldn't find a bio with her real birthday. Is there some special reason for that? Is there a big secret? She's lying. Huh? Maybe she's lying. She began a model professionally at the ages 16. She flew to Paris to work complete, or compete, learn the trade, hopefully serve out the, weeding out process in her and in modeling. She was quoted for saying, in Europe, it was thinker through him. I was broke lonely unable to communicate and rejected on a daily basis. Well, a lot of us can relate to that. The breakthrough came. She decided to die her blonde hair red in order to capitalize on a resemblance to Rita Hayworth. Her career skyrocketed. She appeared in back to back issues of the sports illustrated swimmer edition. She was told to ask where his first Vargas girl of the 90s and launched the first Wonder Bra campaign. She received recognition with numerous covers and appearances in Max, Elvog and many others. The editorial coverage lead to advertising for L'Oreal Cosmetics Buffalo jeans and Panama Jack. She struggled on the catwalks for many designers from Chanel to Jean Paul Gochi. It's set of them and so on. On a good, this goes on forever and ever and ever. So there she is. Take a look at it. And then we, that's all I can say. But if you think she's great, that's fine. I noticed George saved the Britney pictures from self-laced week and uh, I don't know what to show. What goes around comes around. They went on the day I got him. What is that? I'm saving. In other words, that one you had on a week ago today. That was enough to make a grown fag and anybody else weep. I wanted to cry. We got ways to work it off of her. Yeah, I bet you do. She looked like Rosio Donald with a severed head. I'm telling you right now. She looked like one of those carnival stunts where she stuck her head on Rosi's daughter and you talk about Cedulite, man, oh man. She looked like a beefy porked up bitch is what she looked like to me. Nasty. Even square and winnick though looked at bad. That's the ultimate goal. By the way, square, we finally after all the OJ bashing of the last week and deservedly so I finally figured out a way that OJ can redeem himself. We're going to go out and buy him a gold plated machete. And you know, just like all these beheadings that are going on now, which I don't mean to make light at them. But what are you going to do? We're going to sit and cry and ask you, I mean you're dealing with barbarians with crazy people. And the whole world is crazy. That's all I can tell you, but we're going to have OJ come into the studio and we're going to tape it. Maybe we can get channel 10 to carry live and do it. I'll do it. I can do it blow by blow and we're going to have OJ slit uh, Luan's neck right on the ear. Don't cut. Wouldn't that be great? I would. I'd pay admission. I'd pay five grand to see that. Come on, OJ. Kiss and make up. You can make all things as much as we despise you and hate you like poison. Believe me, we do. That would really, you could redeem yourself. And speak it over OJ. Guess who had a panel over the weekend. One of his panels. He had Denise Brown on area at Fred Goldman. He had um, I don't know, couple of, oh, he had the archives because it's an ador, Philip and Ador and Tom, uh, what was the guy's name? The little mustache. Well, whatever the hell they're in. It all. Yeah, Tom Hitler and they were just ripping OJ up for an entire hour and I couldn't turn it off because I loved every second of it. It was great. But speaking of our good close friend Larry, so what they did this story come out? I guess was a few days ago. You got it there about him wearing those depends. I've been doing this long time. That's what it sounds like. I come to the door to date on this thing. And embarrassing photo of Larry King's garbage has been pulled from an art exhibit because it shows a box of depends adult diapers among the debtor this song Thursday. I'm following the refuse. The diapers in the 70 year old CNN talk master's trash that tongues wagging to tonight at a four star eatery late Bernard Dan where French photographers Pascal Roestaine and Bruno Moran per a preview there exhibit star trash for which they shot the rubbish collected from the curves of King Jack Nicholson Tom Hanks, Cindy Crawford, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Madonna Tom Cruise, Dr. Volta Melody Griffith, other bold face names. Roestaine who removed the King photo from a show yesterday told Page Six of the New York Post that the inclusion of the depends box image was not intent to embarrass the Inspectoral Broadcaster. He said we didn't know this product was for all people. We thought it was for babies. Well they're French. Oh god. So Larry is wearing the page well that happens to the best of us eventually sooner or later I guess right? So when Larry tells you it's in the bag you can take a breath of a sigh. Oh we're fine. Also I love this story. Oh and don't tell me that now that the old fat bag is back on he's going to be reading all those stories again. We had a nice reprieve. See this is good. It was a good buildup. The timing of this whole deal was excellent. Because that's a good prelude to my summer vacation because now the people who are appreciated tremendously. And I was thinking that also I remember as early days people say to me, oh you must be a crazy person putting George on the air pretending George can do the show. And that's what George I think he's left me standing in the debtor this. What are you doing this to me? Why? No one is serious. They don't want to hear me sit in here reading this stuff. They have no interest in it. We do. Just sit back and think of the people that called you last week and he just gave me before this order. They little little blow by blow of some of the great calls you had. And that's the other thing he's going to tell me. Oh when George is on he gets those great intellectual cars. Yeah. Yeah. He's playing a lot. Right. So you'll have a whole summer, July and August man. Every day except Tuesday and Thursday. We'll not just make a cameo appearance so that you know just to find getting that paycheck. By the way, this Friday's payday clearance. I just mentioned that in passing. Yeah, I'm assuming clearance is there. I don't know. You know, he's running around trying to find some copy for you. Try to find some copy for me. For what? What were you talking about? I'm kidding. You know, that's fine. Yeah. We're not going to talk about Todd Drec on here again. He's your good buddy. Now he's getting all the stuff with these. What he's the British account. He's got you doing more power to. I wouldn't just, I wouldn't do that spot the one you're going to do if they paid me a hundred bucks a spot. They paid me five hundred bucks a spot. That's how much I despise those people. But nevertheless, see, one thing I cannot stay in his ducks. And if he's they make me the only thing even worse than that, I come in here this morning after my vacation. I open up the pot to listen and there's guilty talking about golf. Why do you not get the TV job? Rumor made sure that guilty. Okay. No chance. Man, you talk about a vulture. First of which judgment Donald, he was hovered over. Now that rumors going to Columbus, nice, little rumor. And guilty wants the radio job and the TV job. He's going to do everybody. He's going to line his way the time. He had summertime is a hundred degrees in the shade. Days are getting longer. Night's getting shorter. It means it's so important for you to get a good night's sleep. Whatever. I'm not really sure I understand what that means. If you're not sleeping as well as you could call 1-800-MacPost today. Medians of people have dialed 1-800-MATT-RES including yours truly for the lowest prices on the best brands in betting the best deal all the way around. Save time, save money and prove your productivity. Break your disposition. Donald MacPost is ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torture excellence award. When you call 1-800-MacPost, you'll get the best prices on the best brands. Would live where you and your schedule and the best customer service in the business. Dialometrist has the complete line of silly, sir-to-king-coral Simmons-Temper-Pedic and Stearns in Foster-Huod. From Canada, Stewart Palm Beach to Fort Myers, dialometrist can deliver to you the finest vetting anywhere. Everyone here at QAIM is called 1-800-MacPost. You ought to be doing the same thing too. Or you can check them out on the web at MacPost.com. But better yet, call them right now and they'll be knocking on you door whenever you want in no time at all. Delivering and setting up a great new vetting call 1-800-MacPost, 1-800-MATTR-ES. It's my... And whoa! This is Fort's Radio 5-6. What the hell is that? She can crack a wall not with her two massive cheeks. Rack them! She do something she does in like magic leaves. She's a crow which he deliver a while that she and now Jennifer Lopez is Mrs. Park Anthony. Oh my God! She picked my gover those two other clones. She weighs more than him by like 17 pounds. She's a three-minute little bit too stand-street gopie and now Jennifer Lopez is Mrs. Park Anthony. You can swim very quickly. In the evening Npitpesита, It's a trouble for cast. Can't look twice and have eyes. March should be okay if he puts his mouth shut. His new lady's ego is big as her butt. And no one is happier than he did he? Because Jennifer Lopez is now Mrs Mark Anthony. Why on God's greener, would Mark drop to what he needs? She's got to, to husbands now Mark is locking on the tree. Oh, we're fine. Well, I'm not late everybody else is just to sick of that bitch's eye in because George is pulled on Friday which current news item are used sick as they're hearing about. And Jay low getting married was number one, 389 votes. Ronald Reagan 377. Reagan's dead by the way he still did. No, yeah, he's immortal now. He's a guide. And with any luck, Todd reckled me following for a soon and screw-and-winically right on his ass. So the third day he rose again. Wouldn't it be something to come into Marmorning to work and find two sever heads sitting right there on the counter. One would be Todd reckoned the other, the way and screw-and. Wouldn't it be great? Oh my best friend, Todd. Yeah, you're best good. Well, I didn't even have to deal with him for I think that's as much as you can count on him for. So off of his head. Reality. Now see, I'm not going to play that thing. Would you keep egging me on a play? But it would be in what's bad taste after the Paul Johnson thing. Oh my god, it's a severed head. I'm not playing that. That would be really sick. Reality shows 1028. They're getting a fed up with that. It's running its course. Scott and Lacy 174. Kobe Rine Case 92. Remember in the beginning they said, Oh, this is going to be bigger than OJ. I said, European people are crazy. Most people don't know Kobe Bryant from an E to Brian, except for the Jackson of Rist. Except for the people who listen to this radio station. The real sickos out there to people give me the ball. Give me the ball. It's all a no. Those people make me gag and especially the golf crowd. Oh, then we got that fancy set me because I think he made a good point. But nevertheless, although he's full of crap too. Madonna's religion 86. I don't know she had one. Oh yeah, I kebala. She changed her name. Yeah, no, she's a pharbison to chew this week. The war 61 the war. Oh, there's a war going on. Jessica Simpson 57. I'm going to tell you something since she had all those bits taken off. She's doing spots for some zip remover now. You see, nose? Yeah, yeah, she looks pretty good. I mean, maybe she's got a ton of makeup on. In fact, I'm sure she does. But she looks almost as pretty as her husband. The Clinton book 54. All of she's got a better nose. 9.11. Channel 42. Josh Beckett, the Marlins and the Freaking Stadium. The GoP on M 39. Thank you for it. And Paul Johnson with the severed head 7. Now that's, that was on the bottom. I wanted to hear about that. So don't be played at severed head thing. There's nothing I'm using about that. It's sick. They chopped the guys head off. And now they got the subcarians. And they're threatening to do that to them. And they chopped off Daniel Pearl's head. And then who was the other one? Nick Berg. Right. And Aki Berg. Korsaki deserved it. Anyway, Greg and Parkland says, Dernial. As a loyal WQM listener and motor sports fan, I hope you can please read this facts on the year. Well, first of all, if you knew, I'm sure you do Greg and Parkland, but I think of motor sports, you could put it in a symbol. My interest in have room for the Chinese army left over, but never less, to reach its own. We're in a relatively quiet time in American sports. It's a town near Sephirasing. I guess this guy didn't hear about the goosean. That's what they're doing in the locker room. They're all goosean, each other. That's the guy, the golfer that won the tournament, whatever was this weekend, which I have no interest in. His name was Goosean. And hearing Gildi going on about Goosean and Goosean and Goosean and Goosean and Goosean and Goosean and Goosean. He's winding about Goosean and Tiger. Oh my God. Seriously, what do you wonder why the world isn't the shape that it's in? And there are people actually listening to him whining. And not only is Gildi the chicken and wood pilots, far as our whole schedule, he looks to me like he's the odd man out. Because don't know why I'm on his show, he hates him like poison. And then we got Gildi and Bo together the rest of the week with Joanne Vacation. So what does that leave you? Gildi, what's Jo comes back, Gildi's out? The way I see it. Because I'm hearing he's going to ego that is so runaway. Even when he goes out and does his appearances now, he wants more money than anybody else. He doesn't want to do any work. He wants to just sit there and be, have everybody like, get down and kiss his ring. Based on what? Can you tell me what? Anyway, it says, and he's really good on my nerves. I know that you are very fun to Gildi, but he's not one of my favorite people. In fact, I like mold but in Gildi. Does that say it all? Oh boy. That's seriously. We must be having technical difficulties. The NBA championship has been decided says Greg and Parkland understand the cup awarded to Tampa Bay. No, wasn't awarded to Tampa Bay. They won't understand the cup. They don't get awarded. It is not like some kind of a, anyway. Football is months away. It's totally in a season. It pretend to be a Marlins fan. Marlins are out of first place by the way, Josh. By one percent is point. What are you going to do? Maybe go out and win a gamer to a be nice. The Braves coming in town. That should be a piece of cake. They own the Braves. They got their number. They do. Now, what were they giving away on Saturday at the ballpark? A Orange Marlins hatch. Now, how did I know that they were giving away something? Because I looked at the box court and said 31,000 people. I said, they must be giving some crap away. Of course. I don't want to knock anything because they've been there. Tenants has been very good this year. They've been drawn very well. They had like 20, 3000 I think yesterday. Yeah? Now, they weren't giving anything away were they? No, not yesterday. See, so they had 23,000. Not they were giving away like a Josh pick at your income. They probably had 50,000. Anyway, football is months away. It says it's totally the season to pretend to be Marlins fan and golf as well. You know, just, yeah. You know, I'm starting to like Greg and wherever this came from. Goff is that. Let me see it again. Playing cram. But motor sports flourishes this time. You're speaking of cram with NASCAR cart CRT. What is that? I guess it's the mini cars. How do you go carts? I don't know what that is. IRL and Grand Pre-Racing every weekend around. Several open-wheel drivers live here in South Florida, including the sensational young Ryan Hunter Ray, one of the most beautiful athletes in sport. One of the most beautiful athletes in sports today. Well, what does that mean? Sounds a little, what is this with Greg and Park? What are you trying to tell us, Greg? He's a very smart fan. Well, one of the most beautiful athletes in the sports today. You might have to go to the picture. I'm going to look him up. But without Joe Costello, our local radio sports stations abandon us. We fans have no show to call in a participate with. Sure, there's email, but it's not the same as a 50,000 lot for him. Well, we're only about 45,000. That's not sure of that, Greg. Now, all of a sudden, Greg, in the so-care, we've got 50,000 watts. And you really are a screamer. I was always conscious of who Joe's sponsors were, and listen with Saturdays, sure we're logistically not WQM, I just will turn off the transmitter during weekends. Can you pass that out to your management how much Joe is missed? I know I'm not alone in feeling like this. Thank you, says Greg and Park and we can cure. We want Joe Costello back, but our management quite frankly, Greg, speaking of Greg, our management sucks. I'm alive, Alas. You're a liar. What the hell is that? I don't know. I don't know. Obviously, I operate here. Well, in me time, the guy that sent me that facts screwed me all up. Because my thing froze up during the break. And what have you to do? Well, actually, my computer froze up because I got into a web-side with racing drivers. And it said, who the hell cares about this crap? So not only couldn't I find a picture of this beautiful young driver that his guys all obsessed with, and probably rubbing himself raw with over right now, but I got nothing but a dead computer. But it's coming back. Well, speaking of equipment, let me just say this to you Jim, fix it, y'all. And of course, y'all, see whatever your name is. This is George's bad. George did a great job coming in last week, but see, let me give you a little clue in how it works. If somebody says, and I'm not just talking about me, but most people. If somebody says, what's Neil's number? Does this use me as an example? Which is the case? What's Neil's phone number? Generally the way it would work is you either call me, or maybe just send me a facts. Or he may say, y'all wants your phone number. He wants to come up and bug you up there and mess with equipment and screw it up as bad as a stuff is down here. What do you say? And of course, I would say no, leave me alone. But no, George gives out not only the phone number, my regular number, but also my cell phone number. I saw what two calls for the price of what I'm sound asleep last Monday morning, 820, my first day on vacation or second day, whatever the hell it was. And I'm sound asleep in the phone rings and it's luckily I didn't get in there in time. And I get listen to the voice mail. And it's one of our crack engineering staff who just happens to be to quote him right around the corner and I'd be a fall, which last time I checked his news that he around the corner, inviting himself to come up here and screw around with my computer and my board here. I don't have any computer problems. Until I got that passion Greg and sunrise. Nari Marshmallow mixed up lands, cruise pasture and Miami jail for a day before we do that, I better give the pull out, should I? I... What famous, and we're doing two versions of this because the first one will be brief only until noon because the guys out there, y'know, Oh well, we don't know what you think about what guys look like, I know. What famous mail living or dead is most overrated as to look, so then we'll do the female starting at noon. All right. Okay. What famous mail living or dead is most overrated as to look, James Dean was the first one I put on air because quite frankly I don't see it. What was the big deal with James Dean? And I'll have a female one starting at noon, which we don't want to know those called in yet because I know the way they played a game. Well, when we get to the female one put, y'know, what's your name on air, whoever? We'll get to those at noon. Anyway, herk Clark a teacher's ate from a small mountain town in Wyoming may think twice about her next vacation, the blue-re-eyed tourist was led away in handcuffs from the cruise ship fascination had dawn on Friday, following a spot security check at the port of Miami. She spent a precious day of romantic summer break behind bars all because of a bag of marshmallows that got her in trouble during last summer's vacation. Her story in Admix of Bumbling Federal bureaucracy and National Security Giddars came out Friday and he was district court Miami and began with a bench ward out of a Wyoming federal court, alleging Clark had failed to pay a $50 ticket last summer any month up in a federal database. She had been set as for an obscure federal offense in proper food storage at a national park after leaving a bag of marshmallows out of the campsite at Yellowstone Park. The park has strict food storage laws intended to thwart mooching and rotting bears. Clark 32 insisted in courts used her credit card to pay the $50 ticket because Parker officials had confiscated her camping gear and wouldn't give it back until the fine was paid. All we're fine. Stunning copy the citation US magistrate John Osolv and agreed she'd made good on the fine to take it has been paid. This woman should not be in custody the judge said ordering her released immediately over a bag of freaking marshmallows of your similar national park. What is America coming to man? That's an important law. Let's see her couple of beauties from the Sun's Senate letters to the editor paid while you were away. Ragan's death he reminded to us all says Helen Goodman and Del Ray Beach. The pageantry the pomp and circumstance the outpouring of public and personal acclaim most is certainly belongs where it's been placed in the dedication of the memory of our now departed dear president Ronald W. Reagan. And a quote why do I want to read this? This is nauseating. Another one from Karen Lighthouse point who says I'm writing to express my disappointment with your choice to print letters that were disrespectful critical. I already saw this in inflammatory about the late president Reagan. In other words, Karen and Lighthouse point things we should only have letters to the editor that just suck up to the right wing. The suck up to the memory. What somebody croaks if they were piece of crap and they were piece of crap, okay? And that's what Reagan was. And now we need another another copy of the schedule here. Oh, this is I'm telling you. That's what's going on here. I want to wish on Hitler or Reagan what's going on a QA and it's just unbelievable. Most of which I can't even discuss. I will say one great thing also. I want to last couple of Saturdays to a woodbind racetrack that I go to the races. Oh, no, sorry Ian from with my good friend did not go to the races, but I went early in the day that the slots to the casino at woodbind. How do you like that? What a concept a casino at a racetrack. Oh, no, that can't be possible could it certainly not in Florida. No, no, no. Now we'd like to get that hopefully they'll pass that this fall hopefully it'll be on a ballot and people will use their brain. At a great time it had 1700 machines out there that we'll afford to in deals. I mean, I lost some money, but I had a great time. And it's a beautiful placement. You can eat off the floor. They got a nice restaurant in there. Yeah, huge place. It's almost like going into a casino in Vegas. Not as big and glitzzy quiet, but it's very modern, very nice. Right. Well, nothing. And big and glitzzy is big. Right. But then again, it's, you know, cab rides. And they're getting on a plane and spinning thousands to get there. I hop into cab 25 minutes on there. And what's not for like you'll lose all the money you want. Okay, here's the let's get the pull going. Okay, 567.0560. How in 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Don't forget our topic today. You're favorite boil. The Tampa there's seen it's Danny Boyle. Now, of course, George has no idea what that means. Who? WCWM, hello. What is it? Speaking. Good. Your phone is awful. Oh, hold on. Let me change. Sounds like what he'd do me, George. Might be. I don't know. I don't know. You're right. These calls Mandarin the summertime. The all time best now. I haven't lost it. I've had a bad phone. Panic connection that I still know was him. You could feel it. A million miles away. You could still feel the speed. Come on. The impact that was worse than the stuff that came out of that boiling my back. WCWM. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah. Well, I want to know why George stuff my whole call last week. WCWM, hello. Hello. What is now? Why do we have the same sound there? I don't see back. No. Yes, sir. Are you guys screening or non screening? I'm strong, sir. You're right here right now. Hey, buddy. I'm excited to help. That's not 11 movie coming out. I'm Friday. Got all my liberal friends lined up to go see it. But did you get to catch Michael more on the today's show this morning? No, I did not. Oh, boy. You're the anti-cati current interviewing him. Let me ask you, why do you want your liberal friends to go see it? Why? Because we all think alike. Well, that's great. That's called the, you know, preaching to the choir is what that's called. The waste of time. Get all your on the side of friends to go see it. The liberal friends. We already know what it's all about. We're already on to the bush crowd. These Nazis are right. Get some of your middle of the road people. Some of your right wing people. Get them to go see it. Forced them. Go time up and make them watch it. Oh, look at this. Isn't that something? Wow. Welcome back. It's refreshing your voice and with once again. Now, let's get down to business. It says good freaking riddance to Rimmer. It says. Wow. I'm on you. Huh? I did not write that back. Yeah, it's going to go your handwriting. Not tight. I'm so glad that free loading frog is leaving Tadys. Not a frog. I don't know where you come up with it. You got to run when the frog is potpan. Okay. We have to frog with a free loaded part is right. It's not because he's leaving for a better job. It's because he's worn out his welcome at every restaurant in town. He's mooched his last meal. He squeezed the last load out of the buffalo on the nickel. Every waiter in waitresses on Omen is chancy tipping. Sure, there might be a small professional reason he's leaving. As the amateur guilty being named New Panther play by playing. Hey, to break the nose to your gildies doing the radio. Rimmer was on TV. Mr. expert out there. But the real reason is a fresh started free loading. New restaurants to exploit. Guess what? I heard that there's a Ruth Chris and Columbus. Yeah, my phone rings one day last week and like a fool, I pick it up. And there's Rimmer and Doug McLean on a phone together. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, be a big big media exciting news that Rimmer is going to Columbus. And the best news is just two blocks from Doug McLean's house. There's a Ruth Chris. I said, well, that's good because if I come to town, you're buying. Meaning Doug McLean because I know what you're right the other one. It says New friends to make whose wallets he can leave of a Mueller 2 now and then. Rimmer has licked his last ass in Miami signed Rimmer Hater in Miami. I think it's the least pop fan. Sign the facts. Don't you, I think that's who's sending it. You get to buy the exit? Yeah, I can tell by the frog tracks on the bottom of the page. Twenty before 11 at five, 60 WQM, nobody wants to talk about cancer, heart disease, horrible things happening to us or a big boil on your back yet. It's a true impact the disease responds extremely well the treatment if you find it early enough. That's the key. That's why you ought to check out a place called Hollywood Diagnostics Center. I was there a few weeks ago. They're proud to offer to you. They're virtual colonoscopy, which is so much less intrusive than the traditional method. Coronary heart scoring and full body screening exams which I had both of those that can detect cancer other life-threatening diseases in their early stages. Doctors be thrilled isn't needed. And if you walk out of there with a clean girl, help it gives you enough an else tremendous peace of mind. So for all your imaging exams call Hollywood Diagnostics Center at 9-5-4-9-6-6-3600. At Hollywood Diagnostics Center, they offer you the very latest state of the yard imaging equipment with open MRI high-speed cat scan, nuclear medicine, and lots lots more. Hollywood Diagnostics Center, they've been serving South Florida for over 20 years. Their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you. Call Hollywood Diagnostics Center for that imaging exam that they could be a lifesaving phone call. I really mean that called 9-5-4-9-6-3600. At Hollywood Diagnostics Center, they offer you the best medical care. Hello, hello, hello. We're here to talk about the news. We're here to talk about the news. We're here to talk about the news. We're here to talk about the news. We're here to talk about the news. We're here to talk about the news. We're here to talk about the news. We're here to talk about the news. We're here to talk about the news. Why are you just working at golf courses? But I mostly wear a fine myself on a golf course. Can you be anywhere else? No, I don't think so. They go be on the golf course. O.J. is just playing crazy here's the hit. He's the smart, my goal in Kobe, R.A. He's the baby, my son Clark Starrier. But she's lucky, he didn't cover right behind me here. He'll say it isn't you, and so the J.A. But everybody knew it. Then so J. The prosecutor's due with and so to this day. He's still out there. Oh man. 1047 at 560 WQM. So somebody facts it and says, yesterday the Marlons gave away 10,000 barbecue sets. Josh. That's right. I forgot about that. Yeah. Also a lot of fathers and sons. They have a catch on the field after the game. So again, a very inflated number 23,000. But don't be peeing on their parade. I'm Josh. That could sound. And I want to, and that's spot that we just played a minute ago. Maybe it's me getting old. Maybe it's my hearing. Maybe we got Rush Limbaugh, Pilpop and Z. But I would have sworn that they said the only Marlons ever to hit a walkoff home run. No, in his debut. A walkoff home run. You're missing the point. Okay. Can you tell me what is a walkoff home run when you hit a win the game? In the night. A walkoff home run. A walkoff home run. If you win the game, you hit a win. Nobody in the history of the human race has ever heard. It was a baseball fan has ever heard that expression before. I think you invented it. He wrote that spot. Yeah. I think you wrote the spot. I think this is a conspiracy. A walkoff home run. Have a heard of a dog home run. I've heard of it inside the park home run. It's a walkoff. I think you're a walkoff. Man, a walkoff home run. Wow. Couldn't you just say he went yard? That would have been a lot better. Oh yeah. Cabrera goes yard. Because I'm going nuts. A walkoff home run. I've been a baseball fan for 150 years. I see more baseball games in my life. And you'll see if you'll have to be 100. And a walkoff home run. You've never heard that. How about a game winning home run? Does that make sense to me? Yeah. That made even George can understand that. Yeah. You're right. But then after he hits the game winning home run, what do we do? Walk it off. Walk off. Try it. Just walk off. Just walk it off. Let's get some names out of this pool. We're getting the end. And I got my ball story to tell. We better start moving here. I want to just schedule a clock. Let's see. Who's this has been this week? I mean, Jim managed it to the operate floor from Schultelstein to my We Lake's where he's probably going to be eating again feeding that gigantic pouch. 7 o'clock. We got the U.M. We got the College World Series from Omaha, and we're going to Nebraska, which I just love Omaha. What a great place. You and against Cal State Fullerton. One thing about the College World Series, if it was, it's the same teams. Air reach, think in here. Air is on the state. Cal State Fullerton University, Miami. And the same ones. Texas, which it's called state. Same bunch of Red Nix year after year after year. All the same crap. Uh-huh. Eddie can't get to the baseball game. And that's, that's a schedule. I'm a little bit disturbed to see that we got, though, we'd go out this week. We got guilty in bowl from 8 to 10 as our lead in this week. Wow. Oh my god. Talk about, man. We got the big, oh, guilty in bowl. It's pretty lame. But it's a summertime, you get whatever you get, right? Right. So far, James Dean is leading the poll, because we haven't put any other names on there, because I'm busy just rambling and rambling. What famous name, living or male, living or dead is most overrated as to looks. WQM, hello. WQM, hello. QM, hello. Reading is boring, please. WQM, hello. Hey Neil, I was going. Pretty good. Uh, George did a great job as you, you go. That's what I hear is sensational. So good, we're going to put them on for most of the summer. Stop it. I got agree with you on the walk off home run. I'm saying, actually heard about it. About two or three years ago, they started saying that. And I've got a scoop of the scratcher. I've heard of that. So this is the problem with all these sports shows and he sports stations. Now they keep having to create these idiotic cliches. Like a semi-goziard. Oh, God. Some more on on sports center set at one night now. Yeah. All these little pucks like Josh Cortis, they're are seeing the same. Oh, walk off home run. You don't know what that is. You idiot? Walk off home run. All right. That's all I got for you. Okay, thanks. Nobody's got any names for it. I put it to male when they want to know because otherwise I got one. I just got one. Okay. Let's put it on there so we can get this thing. Yeah. Can't agree. Here you go. They, they gush the women. They got crazy. Yeah. You should see. By the way, I hope George didn't talk last week about how we'd like to poison his wife's lemonade. I hope he didn't mention that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, but he would pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous lines. So we haven't had one carrier with the name for this pool. When we get to the second part with a win or the females, then it'll be disguised the limit. That's why I saved it to like noon. Quickly. W. Hello. Thank you. Yes, sir. You're welcome. I'm sorry. I was just listening to the show. And um, there. Yes. And it's, it's much as you know about everything. I've been listening to you for years. Yes. I've never heard of term walk off home run before. No. Not in my life. It's big. I mean, a college and a major league that uses quite often. It just doesn't happen a lot, but it's one of the last hit. It's the home run. It has to be the bottom of the nine for the bottom of an afternoon. Well, let me ask you this. When Bobby Thompson hit the home run in 1951, when a player's in a giant's one, dependent week, the Dodgers did, did rust, uh, Hodges say it's a. Come on, man. Now he probably didn't. No. Hearing that. I can understand Dave and boring say it's a walk off home run, because it fits right it with his boring description of the game. He's terminally's coma inducing. Actually, I don't think he would be, um, a glibbin up to you. But, um, yeah, it is used. So I don't know that it was used 35, 40 years ago. It wasn't used 15 minutes ago. I think you guys just made it up. I think this is a, I think you must have had a meeting over the weekend. You and Josh Cortis. And this is a setup. Have a great day, pal. I get out of here. Not fully. No, this is better than that. Why too, K debate. We enjoy them walk off home run. Oh, my God. That's got to be, that is worse than goes yard. Well, it's right in there. It's right in the, in the running. Sammy goes yard and Neil goes nuts. Listening to all these. I heard overgrown jackasses, all these silly, jocs, nothing fools. All these muddy cronies with cheese. W.T.Q.A.M. Hello. Good. Yes, sir. Follow the boat. Okay. Christopher Reeves. Hi, baldy. W.T.Q.A.M. Hello. Yes, we're speaking. Speaking. I know. Um, what are the few that have ever heard of? Will call the pink swaths thicker? No. No. I had read it. It was recommended by an Orthodox rabbi. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Written by an observing Christian and I guess an observing Jew. It's, um, how's that? Yeah. It tended to, um, What were you observing, prejudice? Well, you made it. It's a blessing. A viewpoint. They tended to, to skew the reader to believe that a lot of the foundations of, uh, Naziism was based on, um, uh, uh, the Hellnism, Hellnism, uh, but, Prede-you know, in Greece and, uh, the narrow, macho, stereotype and, and a lot of the people who, um, who, uh, I guess, stood a fashion. I think that maybe Hitler once saw an episode of Sign Feld. That's what turned him. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. What is this man talking about? That thing I could just call pile up books that I got a reading. Nisca, oh, and you know, which one is the best? I can, I will say that the movie, the hunting of the president just came out to Joe Connison book, which I had the book and I read parts of a nice day reading again, and I realize why am I wasting my time reading that now because it's just not timely. It'll be like my going on and buying a bobble book tomorrow. I'm not going to do it. I got too many other important books to read. But the one, which I haven't had the room. Can I run and get it? Listen to him. All right. Listen to smart guy. One more crack out of you and I'll screw you all over the jointie here. I got ready. We have guilty doing the shield. That, that, that, that, that. What the hell was that? It was Ronald Reagan. Bush's war for reelection Iraq, the White House and the people by James Moore. Author of the New York Times best seller Bush's brain. I'm sure I put it on our thing. I'm sure it's on there. I'm sure this book will make you so much better. I'm sure this book will make you so angry. Make you just spit blood about the way that they just lied through their teeth and about the, uh, uranium and Niger and about the, uh, the weapons and mass destruction and about all this Crath that they just made up and they planted these stories in the media. This is just enough to make you shriek. And I'm only up to like chapter three. I just started reading it this weekend. Oh, man. Now will a public read it? Does the public read books? Does anybody want to hear me read part of it? Oh, of course not because the public is too busy with important things like walk off home runs. Well, I heard that in that spot. I thought to myself now I've just, I'm, I'm off the planet. I'm with you. I'm that the, the space vehicle, the more large. Yeah. Open up a hotdog stand. Oh, anything. It'll be big. So some of the brought worst to glam. Man, oh, man. He just hopeless. It's like this pool. We got two names on her. Okay. Well, let's open up the pool. Eric, okay. They'll get you off the hook for an hour. We got the James D to against Keyano Reeves. Maybe it's like a match with us. Okay. Maybe Keyano will go yard. Why? And local. We're sports video. 5. 6. 2. 8. Dudge back in. That's the good idea. You're recently. Hold it, Mittyy. What's up, druggy. Oh my god. He tried to ruin an L.S.D. And wrote his choice. Big as a tree. Disloge, don't be snorkeling. Worrying about this only worth on come. In our town room, we'll fill with smoke. The orphaned ringer. Star a joke. To come. Clean after all these kids takes lots of guns. I knew they were high when they got those dark man cars. Dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark. It's plain white. All eyes were still bloodshed. And my child, believe you go was not. If he weren't so keen, oh she's not. When the be-holse were big, there were drops everywhere. They got stone with the be-chies and sorley and sheds. So they were. They were. Highest of thankful, such a pepper. The six-piece was just a total blur. I bet the beach boys would come to. I bet the beach boys would come to. 11.02.5.60. Here's the fact that they're all piled on. Walk off home, Ron, is a very common term. If you've been in a cave the past few years, it's just a ronno. First of all, walk off home, Ron, has been around the past few years. Okay. Maybe Josh there can tell us what they have invented. What's that? The expression walk off home, Ron. It's been around a few years that I'm kind of a fossil because I never heard of it before. Just like the other caller said, it's something that somebody on sports center or some... ...ass nine-show. Aass nine-show. Nice comeback, dude. Nice recovery. On ESPN came up with, they just invented it. See, this is what happens when you have a product that's so boring as baseball. It's just terminal. In addition to which you're into one of the blue days never went anyway. They won yesterday, but that's a rarity. And so they don't have any walk off home runs. They have like dropped dead home runs. Like you dropped dead if they ever hit one. Walk off home run my fat ass. Okay, let's get some names on this pool because this is... ...here's another one for your Paul Newman. Alright. Even in his younger days, he's a good looking guy, but not like, I don't know. I mean, much, much to do about the nothing of you ask me. Sex symbol my ass. Oh, speak out of that, US Groups One, more film band. It is coming out this Friday, have no fear, but... ...not without some hysteria. US Conservative Groups have launched the campaign to have Michael Moore's misleading and grow test film a Fahrenheit 9.11 band from cinemas. That's what they call it, misleading and grow test. The film alleges connections between President George Bush and Top Saudi families included have been lawdens. Move forward America. Move America forward is because a letterwriting campaign, while Citizens United is making TV an internet advertisements which criticize Moore. The documentary film will be shown around the US from this Friday, June 25. Says the BBC News. Move America forward members will be on the letterwriting campaign that led US Channel CBS to drop TV movie. The Reagan's last to remember claiming the film destroyed a history. The group has received several thousand emails of support for its Fahrenheit 9.11 campaign saying executive director, C. Abon Guini, a former Republican party lobbyist. He's the executive director of this group, Anazis. Okay. Since where the customers of the American movie theaters, it's important for us to speak up loudly, out loud, and tell the industry executives that we don't want this misleading and grow test movie being shown at our local set of the group set on its website. Listing contact details for various US cinemas. Ms. Guini said, Moore is critical of what's happening right now and there's no problem with being critical, but his movie is not a documentary. It's a piece of propaganda. Citizens United is headed by former Republican congressional aide David Bosse, who's also targeting George Soros, a billionaire who donated nearly $13 million to group seeking the fee president Bush. Mr. Bosse said, look, Michael Moore is simply reducing and advertising this movie. At this time to try to affect the election, well, that's great. It's kind of. It seems to be left to us to make sure that the media is educated as well as the American people are educated as to what they're up to. The media, the media that's been covering and the controlling and embed with this group of right-wing Nazis, that media is that what he's talking about. And I think that's the way he's talking about the media. I forgot about that. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Walk off home run. WDQAM, hello. Painting how he's doing. Good job. Good morning. Good morning. Yes. I just want to say one thing before I give you the right thing for the folks that I am not a baggie. What? Well, you sound like one of me. But I just want to mention I'm not a regulator, but I know. What's his current Reynolds? Reynolds. Oh, that's his line. Okay, pal. That's what Brits always seen. He's not a baggie. I can see it understeewed. He said he was not a baggie. I could hear the Hispanic accent. So I knew. He was a BS on us. Brut Reynolds, that's a good one. Was the big deal with him a good actor in deliverance? What's the other one we said he was good in? Oh, boogie nice. Boogie nice. But I'm a boogie. But he was in a bunch of crap. But they're not a good looking guy. Especially with that nasty hairpiece. Plus, but he's not a baggie. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Law. Look at this baby cranked up and go and speak in a babies. Brut school Florida Central Florida couple. Did you see this story? I start to start the kid. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. A central Florida couple, surrendered on aggravated child abuse charges. A month after their 10 year old foster daughter was removed from their home-wing only 29 pounds. Well, below, normal for a 10 years old 29 pounds. My left leg weighs more than that. The malmars girl was locked in a bedroom for days at a time. She was fed milk to traditional drinks and a spoonful of food three times a day. Her name, O' County Sheriff's Investigative, said Friday. The girl's brother, 14, sneaked your extra food under her double-lock door two or three times a week Investigative said she was given a paint bucket to use as a toilet. Did you know that? Luxury. It was like the pictures you see for hunger relief fund ads of malnourished children in the third world country sheriff's lieutenant Joseph Pius said it was a real disturbing thing. The National Center for Health Statistics said the median weight-pretendial drugs is about 72 pounds. Arthur Thomas Elaine Jr. 46 and Laurie Elaine 47. Or rest of last Thursday released after posting $20,000 bail each on abuse in the black charges. The foster parents and the girl told investigators that she had an eating disorder that made her vomit. But healthcare workers said she has no physical or psychological disorders been gaining weight with proper nutrition. The siblings went to live with the Elaine after the state terminated that their mother's parental rights in 99. The Elaine's who were friends of the family allegedly began to nine-year-old girl food in January of 2001. Until the girl was moved into hospitalized she was last seen by Dr. Inferberi 2002. State child protection workers acting on a completely removed the girl May 18. Investigative said her eyes were sunk in and her ribs were clearly visible. But sheriff Richard Nugien said she had a big smile in the police photos. Maybe she enjoyed that breakfast. That could have been it. Or maybe she enjoyed sitting on a real toilet for once in her life. What have been good instead of doing it in the paint bucket? Does it mention their religion in there? By the way, save the paint bucket. It's Josh Beckett. My one-eye look at him. Wouldn't be something if he had a walk off home run. 5-6-7-0-5. That has got to be the most stupid and Josh's. It's a walk off home run. It's all over my window. You know, I'm even getting calls here saying it's legit. I understand that somebody invented that phrase. Don't you understand what I'm trying to tell you? Are you punks? Something ever heard of it. Huh? I never heard it because I don't listen or watch baseball games. How do you hear? How would I hear it if I don't watch baseball anymore? But let me say it again. Having listened to and watched baseball and attended millions of games in person over the years, I can guarantee that that phrase never existed. Somebody invented it. There is no such thing as an inside the park home run. We can agree on that. There's such a thing as a lead-off home run. And always has been because that's a part of the game. This is just a cliche that some Jackass invented on ESPN. And you're getting sucked right into it. Probably because you're sitting there with a boring Jackass. They're doing a ball game. And you're thinking, oh my god, anything that will spice this up can't be all bad. I mean even that promo we're playing out. Booves sounds like he's in a comb and let's face it. Booves are very excited. Guy does a great job. We love Booge. But, and a promo we sounds like he's gone off in the newsland sitting there. What a coma inducing a Dave and boring guy. We walked off. Yeah, it was a walk off performance. In fact, I'm thinking to do it right now. See ya. Just walk away. Ha ha ha ha. A walk off home run. Oh man. What is this world coming? I thought it was bad enough for the bush crowd. This might have must have something to do with the Patriot act on it. By the way, was there a game at the Super Bowl this year or just those is that booby? There was a game. 25 votes. Look at this. This may be the lowest number of votes we ever have this first pull here. I totally this part of it wouldn't fly because what do they know about what guys look like? So we got to tell us. You're gay. Watch famous male living or dead is most overweight and that's the looks. Canterrieves 10 James D. Nate. He's probably about 34 where it held he come from. Who Reynolds award you all? No man none. Oh he was a walk on. Yeah. He was a walk away on our full. We're a walk away from the win. See I can understand that. You know, with the bases are loaded. No bottom of the night scores tie. Three and two on the better. We're a walk away from any of the game, right? Maybe they'll start saying it. Yeah. There you go. Van Boring. There you go. What is the mischievous? QA and hello. Oh ah. There's not there. WQA and hello. Okay. Okay. Walk off home run maybe five, six years old. The time at the most. I mean, it basically means the game ending home run. I'm sure it came from sports center or something like that. When I first started, I thought, oh, that's like a playing like Stewart Scott would say or one of you guys. And you know, it's just, you know, it's descriptive enough. I mean, you know, people walk off the field afterwards. Don't know. They've been no no no. No, see but they don't walk off the field. I mean walk off home run. First of all, when a guy hits home, I go win the game. Everybody comes running out of the dug out. They are congratulated. So it's not a walk off walk off. Sounds like a coma to me. Walk off the field. They just walk away. I think they're used to distinguish from a case of game winning. Because the game winning home run could be in any of it. Really. If nobody scores after. So, you know, they just can't, it was colorful and they came up with it. But it's not a long time based ball term, like you said. It was definitely not used 10, 20 years ago. Well, thanks for evaluating my existence. I have a great day. Yeah, we're not getting any suggestions for the full. But walk off home run man. This is heavy duty. What would you expect on QA, huh? Right. What about that goose and guy? A lot of goose and go on on that golf course. I sure hope nobody lost any balls at that tournament this weekend. Because it's hard to be goose and without the equipment. Look at all these fanges here. Let's see. Overrated male time crews. There's a good one for the poll. Time crews. Both it looks in acting ability and you are. Absolutely correct. Owen Wilson. I spy behind enemy lines. Zoolander. That's John and Columbia South Carolina. You forgot South Carolina in cultural series. Go gain Cox is what he says. Well, he didn't say all of that. Well, no, that's where cocky the actual did that story. Yes. Anyway. A Robert Redford, great here. But those face works are a road test. And that's another good one. He never looked good on a bet on his best day. But he's supposed to be a sex plot. Robert Redford. I'll give you another one too. Since I'm the one that's got to put all of one's on there. Being the fan that I'm. How about David to cudd me? All right. He's a good actor. Right. But they, oh, he's a hunk. That hunk. Oh, yeah. He's a hunk. Oh, what? Well, you know what movie I watched again over the weekend. It happened to be on her during the last week. California. Great movie. Oh, my god. And see, there's a Brad actually acting like a character. You never went on. Brad started girdling up that blood there at the very end. You know, I was thinking of my boy all over again. I'll guarantee you didn't smell like my boy. I get it. I'll tell you. Wait until we're right. I pushed a lunchstand for all you people trying to lose weight. You won't eat for a month after I tell you my. Pursing the boil story. It was a. I popper. 1114 at five 60 WCM. You know, summers here, but are you still in verse to take off your shirt at the pool or where the nice Scirt you saw in a window. I'm a little embarrassed to wear it. So what are you doing to finally lose weight and feel better about yourself? You have to take advantage of balance for life. Who would have thought that you could have three meals and two snacks delivered to your Dora daily and still lose weight, but you can. And don't forget the beauty is you get to pick your meals. Each week will get a different menu with two second selections for every meal. No other company offers this. Select your breakfast lunch dinner and two snacks. That's it. No cooking, no cleaning. And you lose weight because all the meals are based upon the proven zone diet by doctor Barry Sears, Gene Sears and Jay Sears and even Brian. I score on Brian. For instance, menu choices this week are part of a low and provalony omelette. View Marcelo and crab Luis Salad. How can you call that dieting? People on balance for life lose an average of 15 pounds a month without even trying. Plus for a limited time get a free pedometer when you sign up. Just stick it on your foot. Track your steps and increase your weight loss. And now try their special 7-day trial never offered before. Call this number toll free. 1-8-6-2-2-5-45-43 but an even easier. Look at this. But even easier. Just remember balance for life.com. That's balance for life.com online or toll free. Call 1-8-6-6-2-5-45-43. My life and low. This is for 2560. You way way. Yeah. Roll David Hassellhoff, former star Baywatch and Knightbredder, was arrested and charged with DWI. The German pop stars spent the night in jail when was released on $15,000 bail. Hidden microphone and kicked the talking car captured this exchange. Oh my god. Oh my god David. What is that smell? That's the laugh. Not the fight. Have you been drinking David? I'm just a little bit. A little bit. Dad, you're just going to just drop it too. Three. You smell like a scourge, kiss her. Come on. Get that's not nice. Let's move her. Come on. And how about this for the truth? They only like you and Germany. That's BS and you know it. They love me and Singapore. No, they don't. Really? They hate you. How about in Greenland? They love me there? No, they don't. They hate you. How about China? Hey, you. You're dealing? Hey, you. Greece? Hey, you. Ah, kid. David. Don't work no, but we have got the counts on our ass. Oh, no. Am I going to do? For Ellen's sake. Don't speak or they don't know your ass. Say fight. Come on. Quit. I'm not a fight. Say hell. Some baddies for fights. All guilty friends. Quit. Did you fart? No. Did you fart? No. Did you fart? Did you fart? Stop it. If you have to throw up, please leave now to window. I just had my seat. I'm all right. Don't call me to pay you out. You're at Cobb. Poo. Poo. I'm running after 11. Five, six, nine. Your just emailed me a picture of Ryan Hunter Ray. And it's not a fact. Poo. I don't do that again since it's right there handy. Who are they, Kimman? No. He's another one. I'm in bread, Tennessee. Look at her. I know all the NASCAR people. They all look like that. Cut your Western people. NASCAR people. They all look like they just came from the backwoods from Aintree or some like that. Rick says, I think the term walk off home run came when the term the Ting of the bad is in the aluminum bats came around. Maybe that's the thing we were talking about. Oh, that thing. Oh, man. Also says that Georgia, the great job last week shows he's great with those highly high-lea wannabes. Whatever that is. What does that mean? I don't know. That's a high-lea. I don't know why. I'm highly a high person. Anyway, here's the facts from Frank who says actually that phrase has been around a few years now. It's gotten so popular that now they try to find any innovative uses of the words walk off. For example, if a better draws a walk with a basis loaded in a tie game, it's a walk off walk. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Or, no wonder I hate baseball like poison. I'm so glad I gave it up. If a team wins because the pitcher makes an illegal move with the runner on third, it's called a walk off buck. I've actually heard walk off sacrifice fly, walk off single, walk off hit by a pitch, walk off wild pitch, etc. As for the pull Tom Cruise. And then for female he's got Hallie Berry, although she look good in Gothic, she's got soggy, oh man, soggy boobies and face okay at best. That's sacralidious Frank, but we'll put a runner when we get to it. Can you believe that? So I told you that though she ain't looking all that quickly. I think since they've just beat her up a little bit. Wasn't that they've just just Josh? Yeah. Yeah. See I finally got one right. He knows his baseball. That fact I think it was a walk off battering is what I heard. Robert Redford, we already did that one. Owen Wilson, I read to these two tonight. And Tom Cruise. Yes. Well, I got some of these parling up here. We got piles 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and horizon, wireless line. What famous male living or dead is most overrated as to looks? We're getting a few votes on there, but not too many. They'll save us for something they know something about, which is certainly not guys who look good. They know nothing about that. They look in a mirror shave every morning. Billy Bob Thornton 23, Canterbury's 15, Bert Reynolds a dozen. He's not gay, you know. James D.9, Robert Redford 3, David Dukovney 3. Good actor though. Right. Tom Cruise 2, Owen Wilson 1 and Paul Newman don't have any. They thought he was really hot. Okay. Let me give you a hello. QA and hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. I just wanted to give you a heads up. Tom. Dave Sleather, one of our old-time friends. Yes. Is a candidate with the Miami-Datemary or mayoral? Yeah, okay. Well, I'm real happy for Matt's grade. You know, sometimes you lead us down to Garden Path and we just could get sucked in. Just go right along and Dave, you know, there comes a point in time when you just realize that it's just ain't going to fly. Okay, you're a good guy, your intentions are good, but the last time, you know, why, why do they want to keep using this show and using us and using it? He wants to give us a heads up. I'm not going to use this show anymore to promote a candidacy that doesn't get five votes. Okay. And then nobody cares about nobody's interest in it. I'll put a buy an end in the hero. Buy an end somewhere in L. L. Do something to go get a, uh, microphone, go stand on the street corner. Well, I am so tired of that, man. It's just the outrageous is what it is. I rather read the bubble book and I rather cropped before I did that. Oh, here's a fact you won't be able to read so I'll just read it to you. Because it's a thing. The moral is that ESPN started saying, well, I'll call it home around a couple of years ago and it caught on. Yeah, there you go. I told you that they just keep making a cliches because otherwise, if it's boring, I'll use give the same scores and the stats and whatever else. And so they have to keep coming up with these stupid as cliches. And that is what that is the worst. A walk off home run. It gives you the impression of like, like a golf tournament. Like where everybody just, like that thing you got. Just walk away. That's what it sounds like boring. And the last thing that baseball needs is any more cliches that make it sound boring, which it is. At least it's truth and packaging. Oh, there's your friend online. QAM, hello. Yeah, who's Neil? Yes, sir. Neil, how about Tom Selle, true Paul? Tom Selle is an excellent choice and he's not gay either by the way. He's going to be holding a press conference in noon when I was just a reminder public that he's also not gay. Higgins might be a little squishy, but not Tom Selle. Got it? Okay. Well, I don't know where even Ed and names on it. You're just a Philadelphia out, I guess. Because only we wouldn't have a law. What? For something to do. Well, the whole pile of stuff here, but I don't want to come back on the first day and start reading all these stories, which I know you didn't do even though I didn't listen. Right. I did not have three minutes with you and Suds. And I'll say it again. Suds is great. Yes. And you guys seem like you have a great time together there. We work. And the problem with it with a concert show was Rick. I did read one story though. In fact, that was the only thing that Reagan ever said that made any sense to me was Rick. Really? Is he a member? Was that? Yeah, you read a story about what? Larry King. Oh, the one that I just took out through read me. Well, that's okay. Big important story. How about this story about Al Qaeda site. The websites has police help in Johnson abduction as Paul Johnson used to have a good head on the shoulders, but doesn't anymore. Al Qaeda militants disguised in police uniforms and cars provided by sympathizers in these Saudi security forces set up a fake checkpoint to snare the American engineer. They later be headed according to an account of the operation posted on this Islamic extremist website yesterday. Now this morning making the rounds of course since this came on a website was that bald head of geek. His name is I think Adel, Judubine. Okay. Yeah, Judubine. Like he used to get the movies. Judubines. I think he still can. They'll tell you, Kevin, the your feelings are like crazy. I'll pull him right out of there. But anyway, he was on his way. Well, this isn't true when they can paint any car like a police car and they can get the uniforms about it. But it might be a right. There are always the Saudis always. Just remember I told you this a long time ago and it's true. They play both sides against the middle because the Saudi world family in order to stay in power and not get overthrown which could be done very easily by the way. But in order to stay in power, they keep playing up to the terrorists. But for public consumption and to make themselves look good, they come over here. Kiss and bushes ring and run and run on a ranch and they, you know, look at each other's robes. So on a one hand, they're very much against terrorism. They're doing everything in their power. And despite of the fact that it was pretty much invented this whole brand of terrorism and as lunacy, but don't know they're doing whatever they can. The Saudis, they are the sand chiggers in the wood pile. Make no mistake about it. Okay. There are the ones. If we were going to invade anywhere, which we shouldn't have been invaded anywhere. But if we were going to do that should have been the one. Uh-huh. Ground zero. Make no mistake about it. Should have just hooked the old big hose right up the, Oh, I just saw a clip or John Kyrus. He actually got a campaign going or what? I don't know. 27 past 11 men, old man. If he don't look, if he doesn't have, I hate to say this because I hope I'm going to vote for him 20 times. But he has the mask of death on his face. Done it? How about that running made of his? A more lively than, uh, than carry. And we don't even know who it is yet. 27 past 11. Somebody just given like a little joke. Okay. Give it like a little oxygen. It would be good. Hey, if you're trying to lose weight by following a low carb diet, like almost everybody is now. The lights are west bokers help thousands of low carb dieters achieve their weight loss goals. They can do the same for you. You know, today's shopping for the right low carb products is become more more confusing, more Defeatial, most of the so-called low carb products on the grocery store shelves won't help you lose weight. Selecting foods with the right ingredients as well as the lowest carbs is the key. The lights focus is an over a thousand of the right low carb food items and products that you can sample before you buy. That's right. You can try anything of the store before you show it any cash and buy whole bunch of it. And they have a knowledgeable staff to guide you to success. So if you're on the Atkins, the sugarbusters, the scatkins, the South Beach, any low carb sugar free diet, head for the lights of West Boca, the number one low carb store in America. Let them help you reach your important weight loss goals. Through open every day, seven days of weight from 10 to 10, and you'll find the lights of West Boca on the northeast corner of Glades and 441. Right next to Boston Market or column toll free at 1-877 low carb, that's what they W. Follow WCARB or on webitslokarb.com. Don't forget to like, sub us, brok and there's only one in your official Atkins retail center. My life and low, this is sports video 560. What is new? Oh, for a club at night bar, I've listened to Ricky Martin repeatedly over and over. Oh, you know what? I came from mine. I don't like club at bars. I'm what you can chocolate. I'm lactose intolerance. I'm a diabetic all between Jesus' topic. No, home, credit all, ha! What did you do? Oh, a club at bar. There's another one for Ricky Martin, man. She is nasty looking. 28-12-0 and it's 560WM. I bet then we get 100 votes. Oh, you 150. This is going to be the fewest votes we ever got on a pool in the first part of the show. At any point, because what did I tend to be getting? This part, they don't want anything to do with. Oh, we don't know anything about that. We wouldn't know a good looking guy. I think he came up and kissed us right on the lips. At any rate, this faculty, you just send me this is pathetic. I mean, the response we're getting on rock-off home run. You would think that we just, all of a sudden, we struck the motherload here or something. We finally, after all these years. Not good, man. Finally, it took me nearly 30 years in South Florida. It's finally topping that these South Florida people are really whipped up into a frenzy. But a walk-off home run. This thing here, man. I wouldn't wish this on a Heinrich Kimmer or George W. How do you like that? Or Rummy? God. What famous male living or dead is most overweight at Estolotsom? We'll do the female starting and doing like I said, which we got so far in there, Madana. And who else we put on there? Halle's berries. Okay. A lot of guys are like to see Halle's berries close in personal, but not the facts here. Billy Bob Thornton 46. How can we don't put on there? The racecar guy. Ryan Schwartz Ryan, whatever his name was. The one that you sent me to pick you up. I know I've been on a Jones Schwartz. Canterrieve 17, Burrendles 15, James Dean, 10, Tom Cruise 7, David Dupovny, 6, Owen Wilson, 6, Robert Redford, 6, Tom Sullis, got a pair. Higgins, seen him. And Paul Newman don't have any. Well, maybe I should take that back. Paul Newman was in back in the day. You know, the thing about walk off home run. I was just thinking during the break. Yeah. No, no, seriously. Have you ever, I'm sure you've wondered this, where did these expressions start? Sure. You know what I mean? I'll be back in the day. And you tell me that's a black thing. I find that so the, yeah. And it's been that way for a long time. Like all of it, even in your, like back in the day. Yeah. A lot of the slang terms that the, the kids pick up came from the black folks. Really? Sure. Cool. If you look real close to John Kerry says, Dan, you can actually see the scars on his neck from where they ripped the bolts up. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, that's bad. I thought the bolts run a forehead, weren't they? No, they're in a neck. They're on Frankenstein's neck? Oh, yeah. I always thought they run this forehead. I've got to see that movie again. The Frankenstein returned to ghost to Frankenstein. The one they were previewing the, a driving movie channel that you don't get. So sorry about that. Cheney and firing line over Nigerian bribery claims. Wouldn't this be great? Just before the election would be good. British lawyers working as a key witness in a $180 million bribery investigation that could lead to the indictment of US vice president. Dick Cheney. Oh. Last week, US oil corporation, Haliburton, cut all ties with a former senior executive Albert Stanley. After it emerged, he'd received as much as $5 million in improper personal benefits as part of a four billion dollar gas project in Nigeria. Haliburton also sat the second consultant William Chaudan, a connection with bribery allegations. At the time of these alleged payments, Cheney was the chief executive of the corporation, the CEO. Oh. French investigating magistrate, Rénovame Rumbake, is examining the stream of payments around a controversial project, which was built during the regime of the late dictator, Sani Abhachah. Abhachah, this could be trouble. The judges uncovered a $180 million web of payments channel through offshore companies and bank accounts. The Nigerian project, above the huge gas plan was signed with an international consortium that included Haliburton subsidiary Kellogg Brown and Root, Cheney retired from the chief executive post in 2000. Now, is that the same as baby root? Who hit a lot of wall walk off home runs? I don't think I'm ever going to be the same again. I just, the more, every time I say it, the more stupid it sounds to me, it's one of those things. Yeah, well, I'll stop back to them when they stop back to them. Oh, yeah. They didn't come in. Like I said, we finally struck them out of the load after about 100 years. We finally put our finger right on it. Back to them. Yeah, they're too. It's like the Y2K thing all over again. Yeah, exactly. Oh, you're out of touch, Neodyde, just don't get it. Oh, thank the Lord. I'm so glad to be out of touch with walk off home runs. W-W-Q-A-N, hello. Hi. Hello. Speaking. Hi Neal. Has anybody mentioned that the size of your paw? That's a very good one. I like that. In fact, I like John Cameron's ways. He's better than Patrick. Ah, thanks a lot, Paul. I'm sorry. I could tell he looks like they kicked from the liver and thrown up. There you go. Back there. I think he's over there with the bees. He's right now. Thank you. Yeah, he's playing the banjo. He's strumming it. And the banjo, too. Ah, yeah. Patrick's ways you. What's the deal with him? Who's the other one? Who is the, the Disney guy? It was in all the Disney movies. Kurt Russell. Kurt Russell, there's another very ugly guy. He's very the golden Honda whom I like a lot. But he was also considered real sex pod very ugly guy. Kind of that backwards mug won't be kind of looking at him. I'm trying to explain it because all the people that he's guys in our martial audience. They don't know anything about that. Although they do like guys who take a lot of showers together. What? That's what the Josh still made. They take showers together. They snap each other and he asks with a towel. They chase each other around in a locker room. That's what all that factory is all about. That's why when you read all these stories about all the stuff going on like over there. And Abu Ghara, Ray, that's part of the American F&WA man. You'd understand that. I've seen it. I've been in the locker room. It's rampant factory going on. I want to speak of that. I'm as well use this story now. Because the military don't like all that factory. Military boots 70 gauge from its ranks. Even with concerns growing about military troops strength. 707 people were discharged for homosexuality last year. The military don't act. Don't tell policy. The figure however is significantly lower than the record 120. 707 is charges in 2001 just before the invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq. Since Don't ask, Don't tell us about it in 1994. Nearly 10,000 military personnel have been discharged including linguists, comeling, linguists, nuclear warfare experts and other key specialists as well. These statistics obtained from the Defense Man paroday to send it to an analyze by the Center for the Study of Sexual Minorities in the Military and the University of California, Santa Barbara. Should I say that again? The Center for the Study of Social Minorities in the Military and the University of California, Santa Barbara. I thought they were in a college world series. Oppres to detail profile of these those discharge including jobs specialty rank in your spend the service and y'all the idea. And it just it just goes on the madness the insanity the lunacy. The hate because God didn't invent Adam and Steve. He invented Adam and E. What was? Did you know that? No, I did. But you better get with the Lord, Mr. because you're going to burn in hell man. You're going to rot for eternity if you don't get with the Lord. Not me. I'm going to say it again. The religious people are at the root of every evil, every curse, every crap that's going on in the world today. Not just militant Muslims, militant everyone. Jews, go ahead and name it. Hey, man, brother. The religious people are the crazy people. The dangerous people. Let's send them to Mars as what I say. Oh, yeah. Maybe they can invent some new gods up there. Some no bubble micees for the Martians. Just get out of our lives and leave us alone. Air v. excuse to hate. Whether it's black people. Whether it's women. Whether it's fags. Whether it's Jews. Whether it's whoever it is. Air v. excuse. Comes from religious sickness and twisted crafted. Man made garbage. Swill. Hey, they didn't read my good and crossed here. No, didn't think so. Let's get back to walk off home runs. Huh? That's just because you're not a sports guy. Man, see, I'm at least I know my baseball. I broadcast the hurricane. In fact, speaking of the call is world series. I was there five years in a row. How do you like that, Josh? It's great. Five years in a row, I broadcast hurricane baseball, which we culminated with a world series victory in 82, I believe it was. Feeding which it taught state in the final game. And I know we call anybody ever hitting any walk off home runs for the hurricane. So, remember Frank Castro ever hitting one or anybody on that team hitting a walk off home run? Well, then you missed out. Yeah. We better go back and do it all over again. Let's go back to Omaha. What do you say? Great state houses man. I'm telling you you'd be in the people there. Wow. Yeah. You would be shot for it. No, it. Those corn fed Midwestern looking, uh, I know. Got a gals. Yeah. Been there. You have been there? Not a no-ma-han, but no. I know the call. We want to go to Omaha. Believe me. That's the heart of it. I think it's all that could meet the. 19 till noon at five, 60 WQM is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs. Let Oasis out-sourcing help you when it comes to the people signing your business. Parallel administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services, and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis out-sourcing and cover. Help your business be more profitable. The let me forget about my boil. Call Oasis out-sourcing today for a free of adoration toll free at 1-866 at Oasis. That's 1-866-2-866-2747-udor than 60,000 employees worldwide. Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management. Oasis out-sourcing is being recognized by firms both large and small as a parallel management choice, which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to Oasis outsourcing. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable for a free of adoration call and toll free, 1-866-2-866-2747-udor than 60,000 employees. That's 1-866-2-866-2747-udor than 60,000 employees. The first thing is to bring your own yours to hell. A few years. What do you want to do? President Bush expanded healthcare for children and cut taxes to stimulate the economy. I don't like that. If I am elected president, this will be an America that invites inflation and recession. And I have a plan to do so. George Bush has no plan. I will move America in a new direction. They will erode any recovery and threaten the prospect of lasting prosperity in our nation. In the blink of an eye, millions of families struggling to pay higher healthcare costs, higher college tuition, trillions and deficits over the next decade. If I am president, that is the new direction that I will set for our budget and for our economy. Thank you very, very much. Thank you. Oh, yeah. 11.45. 15. You will notice that you are at the UK. Here is one of the good choice to let it go. Yes. He was a nasty looking dude. But, oh, don't tell me. I see that's bad. Our sports enthusiasts, the audience, are happy with that. You don't mess with a Duke, I tell you. Although it didn't hit with our most overrated actor pool. Yeah, I think he did. I like this fact. Now you probably don't understand what maybe you do. Walk off home run equals go homeer. I know what homeer means. Yeah, homeer Simpson or homeowner. No, go homeer. See, I thought about that from my previous segment. I sure saw like go home or a lot better than walk off home run. It's a go homeer because now we all go home. Josh, do you understand that? I do. Don't you like that? No. See, your problem is that you're a puss that's brainwashed by these morons. I don't know where the anti-Christ is, but I do know where he is. I don't know who he is. I don't know what he is. The chupacopter, the same thing. But they definitely both can be found at the SPN. Those are the evil doers. If Bush wants to find evil doers. They'll be the worst out in VAD SPN studios at about 10 o'clock tonight. It's like homework. It sounds like homework. It sounds like homework. I was telling this. I'm going to be a puss. I'm going to be a puss. Maybe that's the problem. Thomas Begriffeth, President Bush's nominee for the Federal Appeals Court in Washington, has been practicing law on Utah without a state law license for the past four years. According to Utah State officials. Griffith, the General Counsel for Brigham Young University, since August 2000. Previously, we had a renew as law license in Washington for three years. While it was a lawyer based in the district. It was a mistake. He appeared to do an oversight by his law firm staff. But that laps in his DC license reported earlier this month by the Washington Post. Subsequently, provided Griffith from receiving a law license in Utah when he moved there. Well, don't confuse him with the facts. Under Utah law, Griffith's only option for obtaining a state license was to take and pass the state bar exam. And Argyos, Ted DeLoy, is trying to take only once. He applied a sit-in exam. But never took it. Utah bar officials. Utah bar officials confirm. Utah State bar requires all rules require all lawyers practicing law on the state. They have a Utah law license. There is no general exception for general counsels or corporate counsels. Lawyers have practiced only federal law or whose work is solely administrative. Can avoid the requirement in some cases. Lawyer who specializes in legal ethics said Griffith's two licensing lapses should disqualify him from a lifetime appointment to one of the nation's most important federal bench's second only of the Supreme Court. This is the kind of slime bag that El Presanti wants to put on the federal courts. Of course we know there's no lawyers in Utah, right? That's the movie. No way. They're all good Mormons out there. They're all good religionists. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and for RISMR. Let's learn. We might as well start building the other one right now. We'll leave this one on here to, uh, because there's no point putting in more names on our right. But it's great. What do you mean by that? Well, that's not a great anyway, right? What famous may a living or dead is most overrated as to looks? What do we got so far? Not a lot of votes. 169 because God forbid that because it's probably monitoring your vote. And if you vote, that means you've had an opinion on this and you're not supposed to have an opinion. If you're good red blooded American who understands walk off home run or tracing the cookies. See, that's why I don't understand it because us, uh, facts. We don't understand that, uh, sportsling, you know? We understand about showering together and slap each other any as with a towel. But other than that, that's about where it ends. Sports, right at your end. Back home. Villy Bob Thornton 64 and a whoever city was good looking. Angelina. Oh, how's sad? Yeah. Cano Reeves 24 Tom Cruise 23. Burr Reynolds, she's got 19. James Dean 14. Owen Wilson 7. Big O'Neighbany. David de Covny 7. Robert Redford 6. Tom Sully 2. Patrick Swazie 2. Kurt Russell's got one. John Wayne 1 and Paul Newman doesn't have any. I should probably retract that. I want to apologize. Can I apologize? Oh, the reason I said that is because we've only seen him like the last how many years now. I'm good man 130 years old since he's been 100. We've seen these like craggy and like, oh, that's so sad. I don't know about you, but I'm one of those people. It's not crazy about seeing these showbiz celebrities that we haven't seen for a long time. And all of us, see them and you think, oh, my god. Oh, my god. Look at that. It's like a fried prune on a head. You know what I mean? Yeah, no. I got a great column here, man. I would read it, but I'm not going to do it. What? It's not our website. It was on over the weekend. Okay. I'm just going to because it's too long. It's five pages long. Five long pages long. I'm not doing it. All right. But remember I talked a long time ago about a book that I thought I read. And then I decided maybe I should write it. But I don't, I can't write books. The dummy down of America part one of two. Right. Oh, I saw that. By manual valence waila access of logic. I put it on our website. You've seen it. So we should talk about the weekend. Sure. This is so excited. Read just the first paragraph or two. You've done something about walk off home runs though, which I think he left that out. Who cares about it there? I think that's when we started going to Hell on a hand basket is when some jackass on sports that are made up that expression walk off home run. I keep saying it. And every time I say it is one of spit blood. I want to open up another boil. I don't have any other ones. Don't let me forget to tell that. But I'll do it in the new hour when people are going to be eating. Because it's disgusting. But no, there might be some people out there that might have a boil. Yeah, there might be. Right. Wouldn't you think? For a fact. Well, there are a lot of people get a boil. If you're diabetic, you're prone to getting more boils. Or if you're like, I don't know. Why would you hate a boil? I don't know. Why would you hate a boil? I don't know. Dave Hagen was Jewish. How could you not? I never checked. Oh. How could I not? That name doesn't sound. I mean, David is a Jewish name. But hey, in those times Jewish. He didn't notice the star. David, because the hubcap on his neck. I never really looked at that close. Dave is a great guy. It's a good job. He's a nice looking guy. So I had a fact. He's a great guy. Right. I never knew he was a Jew. I mean, of course, it's Jews and Jocs. It's all we got. A QAM. There's nothing else. I mean, and they mean one guy that we have on his step. That isn't the junk. Rex, Joc. Oh, I know the big. Oh, yeah. But he's our token spick. Oh, we don't know. We have an ass that had we. He could have ruffled in like college. He ought to be wrestling with his conscience, man. He's not, you know, he has not. You know, I heard what he said there at the end of the show. He's feeling this morning for Joe. And about how Newy Rogers coming up next. Better wippy for next two hours. First of all, I wouldn't spend two hours talking about you big. Oh, you're a nice guy. It's not personal. It's business. Okay. You're taking his very personal. If business, you don't belong on the air. You know, who else we stay on the air long time ago? Way back in the back in the day. A stugots. He was a good guy. Nobody did last. He got John and his weir. But he he belonged on the air like my min pin belongs on your. He's been dead for a year and a half. I mean, there's no point in it. You know, so you can feel bad. I don't want to make you feel bad. It's just I wish somebody would listen to me. But he doesn't belong on the air. Hankl. I did the same thing. Not only has he got an annoying sound. He is no personality. Like a like a like a a voice of a dead man. Would like a little bit of a spanish accent to it. But he doesn't. But he's talking about. I can't wait for smarty Jones to try to avenge that. I mean, that's that's got to be that that I would walk away. I would walk off. Just walk away. A walk away home run. If he actually said he can't wait for smarty Jones to defend his title in the triple crown races again next year. Anyway, how about that cat manzie? It would buy an on Saturday. How big you were excited about that. Who? Something is a miss in the great nation called America says this article. I'm an assarance warning this reality can be heard emanating loudly through invisible winds of change circulating our towns and cities. The American people are being strangulated. Unbeknownst to the masses to being transformed and conditioned. Becoming the entity the elite of long sought the combination of decades of social engineering. Decided to make hundreds of millions of slaves at times passed in the automaton's of the future. Yet in this present day we find ourselves in. Struggling a copper-hender world gone mad. Unable to discern. The direction we're headed in with the inevitable course time is guiding us on. It's because of what's been done to us and is presely being done to our children that we failed to comprehend the severity of the road that lies ahead. Quite successful have the elite become ensuring the balance of power from the masses to themselves. How one might wonder is this been accomplished especially when we are the many and they are the few. It is due the dumbing down of America the methodical destruction and purposeful elimination of the means by which he society educates and enlightens itself. Education what's that? It's enough to make us all want to walk off anyway it's a long article at summer websites from when I have it on there. I guess Saturday something over the weekend right. It's manual balance where I thought he pitched for the Dodgers judge manual balance where he laid. Yeah. Yeah. In fact he also was pretty good hitter. He had to walk off the home run for the Dodgers last at bat of his career. What a way to go out. I do like that go Homer. Hit it go Homer in the bottom of the tent. See you're laughing at that. Why is that less laughable and walk away a home run? Go Homer. I mean that's actually something that happens. The home team wins and go home happy. It's a go Homer. That's a great expression. Well maybe you started something. No I didn't start it whoever fetched it in started some. I'm taking credit for it. I'm on a plagiarist like Castor Nova. He'll probably be talking about it tomorrow. Go Homer. Some like that. Hey, man. Yeah. Wow. Anyway, let's wrap this turkey up. I'm sorry I apologize for this first pull but it's just I told you it wouldn't get squat. Because number one we don't have we have no women listening. That's number one. None. Zero. 188 votes. How sad. Please be good that by the end by 1030. Billy Bob Thornton 69 which famous male living or dead is most overrated as to looks. Canteries 25 Tom Cruise 24 Bert Reynolds 21 James Dean 15 Owen Wilson 9 David to Co. eight Robert Redford six Patrick Sleazy 5 Tom Sleck 2 Kurt Russell's got a pair. Paul Newman one and finally got one and John Wayne one. Now Paul Newman didn't belong on it. He was a very handsome guy back in the day. But it's 100 years ago, okay. Okay. We don't remember that one remember the craggy old the ancient Paul Norman. And those jars of spaghetti saw who had Luke. Yeah, he was good looking. So I apologize there would be like putting Robert Wagner on. I'm going to tell you Robert Wagner. Of course you know him from like Austin Powers. Watch the takes a thief and all that. Oh no no no that takes a thief. No no no I'm talking about way back in the day back in the day. I've seen it man. This is really well. Romeo picture of it. Alright. 1156 four minutes. Then what the honey the present of book the condos in book and the movie which is now. All this crap about Kathleen Willie and a steps they made it. I made up about the Clintons penis and Miss Drage put it on the website. All of this balloon. Oh god. But I'm not going to go in all of that right now. Okay because like that article I was just reading said the public's being brainwashed and they're laughing it up. They're ready to walk off right now. 1157 at five 60 WQA. You know where the heat of summer here now. It's a great time to get out of the car. You've been driving get into a new Toyota from Armstrong Toyota homestead. On US one 20 minutes out of the E36 they're well worth the drive because they'll save you thousands on great new Toyota was rising gas prices maybe want to car with more fuel economy. And the legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 1199. You're leased for just 209 a month. Need a great Toyota for that college or high school graduate? How about the Toyota Echo? At least price it just 199. Need a truck? The V6 Toyota tumblr regular cab can be leased for just 239 a month. Looking for the hottest new cars around check out the Corolla XRS and Silver Convertible balance stock at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. Homestead of homestead is locally owned and operated. They treat you like family that are committed to 100% customers had as fetching their service to properties you either open late to late. We'd like to make sure your service work is done. And these folks with the first dealers near you to offer your free tires and batteries for life now to the first to offer free replacement parts for life. You heard me right tires batteries and free parts for life. Nobody else know where it does that. So forget about those mega dealers near screaming car spots you here on a radio. Go do the right thing. See David Rich the GM and Armstrong Toyota homestead today. Travel a little and save a ton on your great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. The most important thing is to get a car to drive the car. The most important thing is to get a car to drive the car. Smart Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q8M. Get a little bit of attention to the Banzo boy got this. You don't like raining but he was a dad. He was a bum. Where do you know about him? I got stories about that child. We go way back to the days when nice clean people eat nice clean food. Did it? I was working on the commissary in the water but it's not back in those days. All the big stars were there. Let him be your little little. They did. Rich I've told him. Then that simple play and hook and wank. Well he gave me the commissary. Wow I was talking. You know that Carol I'm bored. I heard her. I make a pack of cigarettes. Oh yeah, of course. I got that very important customer over here. You have Karen Bambar. Why sure I had her. But she was the only daughter confined around here. It didn't have muddled skin. And she trimmed it. But she had to use prune and cheese. It just to show you that I got a heart. But I ain't no business. She was the best piece of her. Karen is to get off the dime. Just kick the table big by with it. She and he wouldn't beat them as big. Just give me a pack of cigarettes and stop shooting off your mouth. Look, her like I got a lot of trade here. Why should I worry about the poop itself? I'm a bum like you listen to smart guy. One more crack out of you and I'll spare you all over the joint here. Yeah, wasted your time. Yeah, I don't like you. Get up you. Am I wasting my time? Yeah, I'm. You're the one. You're the one. Next time you see me, you better cross over to the other side of the street. Nearly healthy or for you. Remember. I'm not going to get this. I'm going to get this. Go, go, go, go, go, go. Pull ball three at five, 60. WCM happy money. Let's see. Here's the first pull. 28 votes. Ha ha ha ha. 2008 votes. We can get that with a transmitter turn off. That's a hundred no. Well, they just don't like it. The famous mayor living or dead is most overrated as to looks. They don't they have no opinion. Billy Bob Thornton 75 can't arrive 27. Tom Cruise, he's got 26. Bert Reynolds, the 21 for her. James Dean 17, Owen Wilson 11. David the Covenie 8. Patrick Sleesie 8. Robert record seven. Kurosole 3. Tom Slex better pair. Paul Newman 1 and John Wayne. The doofs got one. He went on their way late. But he would have been done great if we'd have put him on sooner. Okay. Now we switch it. Time to switch. What famous female living or dead is most overrated as to looks. We got Madonna. Halley Barry somebody said, which I mean again is most overrated as to looks. So they must think she's really scanky because most is the operative ward in there. But again, you know, like you said, just a list of names name some well known females. Right. They will like Rosie O'Donnell. So I'm sure they think she's really hot. I can't imagine what in the summer she's hot. Now I would imagine, especially under those big piss and cottage cheese thighs. Oh my god. Holy moly. Well, don't forget about lyricaly. I need to think. Well, I won't. Five six have also let me tell my, uh, real quick. I don't want to make a big deal on this, but I did say that for lunchtime for those people that are trying to lose weight. This might like curia. Wait, Robert. Robert. Robert yogurt. Food on the boat. Oh, no. People have boils. I'm not the first person in the world. I ever had a boil. Never Milton boil. Sure. On my back. Now years ago, I think the first time this baby sprouted was 1984, about 20 years ago. You were take. Mm-hmm. And it, of course, it all depends on where it's sprout. Now where they usually pop up on your ass on your ass on your ass. A lot of money. Yeah, sure. And anyway, just once on my back, kind of like, uh, just a little bit beyond the side. I'm on the back on the corner of your back. If there's such a thing as the corner of your back. And I, I had this thing and kept it a little bit bigger and a little bit bigger. One day at a started, you know, it's not the kind of thing that hurts you. You want to go to the doctor for it. Be like some kind of a pansy like, uh, like that. And so I, I being great creative. I took a needle of some kinds. I'm kind of like a sewing needle. And I sat in a bathroom on the edge of the by the sink. And I kind of like turned to the side and poke that baby like like that. And then, let's give it a squeeze and all over the, all over the meat. Is this miss? Now, I realized that to describe the blood and the pus at length will be over and over the top and over and above the call of duty. But was it green? No. The pus I'm talking about. No, the pus was white. Now the thing that's really disgusting and you try to, you're trying to get me into a disgusting, this at length, which I don't want to do. And I said, looks like little bits of a lot because it's been in there for so long. Because this is the third time I've squosed this if I can say slow. And it does heal up for it's doing very nicely. Now you'll be pleased to know, you have to squeeze and, and man, every time you squeeze it, there was a whole bunch more and then nasty little bits of that pus and blood was like crystallizing. It was a bug. It was crystallizing. Why do I just try to get rid of his wife? At any rate, the slum, I can't, I can't begin to describe you in any, if you would open up the thuseless tomb right now, I guarantee that he smells a lot better than whatever came out of my back. That was the nastiest bunch of crap. It was just brutal. But again, there's some people out there who are real real, who see, you know, they're, oh, I'm going to go to the doctor for that. Why would you go to the doctor for a boil? How many of you can duck to yourself? Right? It's more fun doing it by yourself. All depending on what it is, you know? You can reach it. Yeah, lots of many. There are around Jeremy's, as he has trouble reaching the wall. There you go. All over the mirror, all over the walls, all over your sink and the bathroom. See, in the bathroom, anyway, you've got to sink right there, you clean up the mess, you take a little, that spray crappy, it's pretty, you know, I make it smell a little bit better in there. I should have taken a picture. No thanks. You believe me, you wouldn't want to see that. You'd rather look at the severed head of those pictures there than look at the mess for my boil. So that just goes to show it's another one of them things that the Lord created just to make life a look. Another one that was a test that he gave us all the time. What was one of the plagues? What's in it? The vee drip? The plagues of the boil. That's absolutely correct. And if you don't watch it, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Let's see if we get some response in this one with a females or maybe not. How many QA and hello? Hi, Neil and Joe, are you? Yes sir, pretty good sir. Got that's the names for you for the boil. Some names? That's the name and I am a fact guy. Yeah. Hello, one. Now, three. Merrill Street. Okay, thank you. Faggot. Merrill Street. Now, somebody thinks she's hot? I don't know. I haven't met them yet. I think she's occasionally an actress. I mean, wasn't a while. Not usually, but once in a great while. She's an actress. Prig. Yeah. The leash end up. Pig. Right. Or a pro. Have a sandwich. Merrill, come on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. And Verizon Wireless Law and what famous female living in dead is most overrated as to looks. W. W. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Yes, I don't have one for your poll, but I'm a little suspicious about these beheadings. They always seem to happen when there's bad news about the Bush administration. Nicholasburg was beheaded when the Obligorop prison scandals were brought in. Obligor, ribbed. Yeah. And then this week, we had the 9-eleven commission saying that there was no connection between the Dom and Alkita and the behead Paul Johnson. Oh my God, it's a severed head. I was wondering why the Bush administration doesn't not track down the location of the terrorist websites. You know, when they actually find terrorists there. How do you track down the location of a website? Well, you can't find where the computers are located. How do you do that? Well, it seems that they're able to find petafiles and stuff through their computer. Yeah. So why wouldn't they be able to do the same thing with the terrorist websites? Well, there are the people that they're tracking down like the petafiles like on lines through services that they can trace? Well, what is the George? George? I don't know, but I think that's how they do it. There are my SPs here in America. They're probably going to be a little bit more likely. They're going to be a little bit more likely. So there wouldn't be servers that they could track for the... There might be, but you'd think that by the time they got the information, they went knocking on the door that they're going to be sitting inside with their little computers, a little PCs, have it it out? Well, maybe not, but it seems like they could be doing more to our... Well, I think it could be doing a lot more. They could have got rid of all of these slime balls. If we wouldn't have wasted all the billions of billions of dollars that were wasting that even spent, yeah, of course they could have. And thank you very much. If you just click on the link contact us at the terrorist website, it gives you the address. There you go. Julia Roberts is all teeth and bones. Oh, poor Julia. Well, she's got some teeth anyway. Yeah, and bones too from what I hear. Back in the day, I'm out of such a thing about that, sir. I still need the job. Back in the day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pun, all the time. What for? Are we adding some of these names on here or on non? Why? And why is it that the pull is down, Eric? We're already, baby. We're ready. I got into rock and roll. Let's let Eric make a whole bunch of money up there in Orlando. We'll just leave us alone, okay? We've pressured on urine because my pull is up. Oh, thank God for that. Well, that's a good sign. I didn't know Josh and you got in that tight. Let's see Madonna, Halley Buray, Marl Streep, Julia Roberts. That's what we got so far. I got to say Madonna because I can't imagine that anybody thinks that she looks like. She is nasty. Man, she is growth test. In every sense of the world, you don't agree? I agree wholeheartedly. Holy, moly, man. You talk about a sales job. She and one of the greatest marketers in the history of mankind. She has petal garbage to the public and made herself in a line in this thing bigger than life. Based on what? Is it a singing? No, per looks. Per dancing? No, per ass. Nothing. God. How many of you are in? Hello. Yeah, I'm calling to the amp somebody to the pole. Go ahead and head. Renée, Bellwagger. Good choice. All right. Got it. Thank you. Two to hell's at. She was most recently in Cold Mountain where she did a very good job. And she's a very good actress, but mediocre looking at best. And they always say how much she is. I'll tell you who else is ought to be on this list. Amber Smith. All right. No, I agree. She's not. I don't know what you're saying. Maybe back in the day she was really beautiful all the way. I saw some of the pictures from back in the day. And to me, she didn't. I wouldn't give her a second look if I was a straight as an arrow. I mean, I would look at her if you paid me. She does have kind of that read a Hayworth look and I wasn't all impressed by her. No, I wasn't either read a Hayworth was like, you know, that was in the era. How about most of those women from that era, right? How about Jean Lyman, Reagan's first wife, okay? Rest in pieces. How about Jean Lyman? She attractive? Nobody's going to know who that is. Any more? Yeah. How about most of those actresses back in that era? Most of them were not real attractive. Once sex pots? Grinna Garbo, you think she was beautiful? God, no. May West? May West look like a man. I see a lot of guys who are more feminine than she is. He is a barrel body tub. Exactly. Well put. 1213 at 5.60 QAN. The one that was just a sports-weighted, you were a year. And we have tonight, on Inside of Behind the True Hollywood Celebrities of Badr if we Profile Story. He hid it big with a song about supernatural paranoia and has never been heard from again. Coincidence? You decide about Rockwell. Rockwell is falling off the face of the people. Falling up the face of the earth is shrouded in controversy. 80s music expert? Ronnie expert? Singing back up on somebody's watching me was none other than... Michael Jackson. There are those who say that after the recording session Michael asked Rockwell for a... Sleepover. Incredible. But true. Well not really true. But where it's spreading as horrible potentially levels rumored. Your main Jackson has always insisted that Rockwell was never touched inappropriately by Michael. Unless you define inappropriate as being forced to wear under roofs while being fondled under the Star Wars Dead Sheets and manipulated with an electric pacifier. What the hell is an electric pacifier? I don't know. I just don't know. Rockwell. One thing's for sure. Ain't nobody watching. Or touching him now. It's a big juicy stopping with look at show business tonight. On the time of the mind. 1217 at 5.60 WCM got the mad dog at 2. We got the Huper at 4 from a shoulder state to a mimey lake. And then at 7 o'clock we got the World Series Colours World Series Baseball. Maybe some of you'll hit a walk off home run. We'll get over the hope. Perkins and Cal State Forward and that's at 7 o'clock. It can't do the baseball game. Which so scams for whatever reason. My list of Colours Baseball go on so long. Why does it go on? Why does it go on? 3.5-4 hours. Why is that? Because it's called 10 runs of 14. Is that what it is? Or maybe it's those aluminum bats? Maybe that's the thing. And then any K follows the game when they walk off show. Believe you may. You listen to it and you walk off. I just can't get it out of my mind because it's so stupid. You know? You got to make up for lost time all the time. It's kind of like. Yeah, like that. Once you say it. It can't stop saying it. It can't stop saying it. It can't stop saying it. It can't stop saying it. It can't stop saying it. What do you mean? I'm listening. There you go. On a way, Kelly, you're the chicken and wood pot. You're the odd man out. Okay, squeaky. You're going. Good luck with the panthers. And I hate to break the news to you squeaky. But there ain't no season coming up this year. Oh, geez. Maryland, man. Somebody said, did we do this pull recently or my hallucinating? We did it differently. Similar. But not not a match. And a board goes back. Well, that's good. Maryland, Monroe. Yeah, she. No, I guess we just discussed that. The fact that she, you know, the actors and actresses. Oh, that's right. Not looking. But basically, I mean, from the neck down, she was flawless. I would imagine. Never saw all of it. Fine. I did. From the chin down. She played a mean chin ball is what I'm hearing. But if anybody from the chin up, not so great. She was okay. But again, everything is the cell. It's the sizzle. It's the cell. It's the hype man. The world is all about a hype. You can take something so freaking mediocre and hype it. And hype it. Oh, my God. This is the greatest thing since all of my, you know, and it turns out to be craved. It's like with food. Look at the food products that they promote. And then you go to the store. You buy the stuff. And you bring it home. And it tastes like like my boil. My, you can't imagine that at all. I hope that in all of you. I'm speaking for the entire audience in your lifetime. You never smell anything. I'm imagining. I'm imagining tapioca pudding with strawberry jam on top. That's exactly what it's smell like. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. I mean, keep keep thinking about the fact that this stuff, this, this, this, this, this. String losing mess. Right. Oh, Puss and blood has been festering their inside your body for in my case years. I can't remember the last time that I, uh, puncture that thing. You know, and got it all out. And of course, I'm wondering how come it keeps going back? And somebody's going to say, well, if you had gone to the doctor and had a drain to the right way, wouldn't I, I don't agree with that. And you know what, what, you know what, Puss is. What is it? It's a, it's bacterial issue. It's bacterial tissue. It's, you know, the issue. It's, you know, bacteria, is that like government issue? Bacteria eats nutrients and they expel waste and that's what Puss is. Oh, lovely. Yeah. No extra charge for this during your lunch hour folks. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. W to Q a and hello. Yes, sir. Uh, George? Yeah. Oh, you got a couple for your poll. Okay. See, I'm not doing that. I'm not playing that game anymore. No, I'm not, I'm, I'm glad he thought it was you because I'm not playing that game anymore. What famous female, not a couple, not a pair, not a few, not several, not a couple of dozen, not about 30, not 30. Got 10 for you. What famous female living or dead is the most overrated as to why not why do they do that? Is it just a pisses off? Is it just because they're retarded? Which we are being off? Look how many names they can name. No, I name your whole bunch of names. How about imaging, Coca? All right. Films, dillers. There you go. Carlsand bar. God, oh my God, I got a few for deals, poll. W to Q a and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going to go with, uh, girl, she's open. Parasel is actually, thank you. A fabulous choice. Thank you so much. All right. Yeah. Oh, is he gone? Did I cut him off? That's what happens when I press that thing. It was a walk off call. It was a walk off for the field call. Walk off home run my ass. Now does Dave Ben boring say that? Yeah. Oh my God, no wonder if it's all, that's what this is all about. And a desperate attempt to be creative and exciting. Holy cow, it's a walk off home run. Oh man, give me a break. Can you imagine the sound of Dave Ben boring having an orgasm? Eh. Eh. Yeah. That's it. That's about as exciting. And even without hot looking wife that everybody's always raving about. How does exciting is it ever gets in the van. Eh. You like that? You know? In fact, ever see him and John Kerry together. Same person. Oh, Kerry's got better here. Man, all man, Dave, you are so bored. Why not just hang it up? Okay, why not just walk away. Just walk away. Would be a really good idea. Let the booster do it. Because like I said, it's said to rub off on booge now. And we got an exciting team that a few people actually care about. Especially when they give away some free crap. WKWM, hello. KWM, hello. Let's go for three. WKWM. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. There a Jessica Parker. Oh, man. Okay, she'll win. She'll win. Thanks. Yeah, we did do this. I think two years ago. She always wins these. Sarah Jessica Parker, he despised by virtually all. What is though? Keeps her going. She's too ashamed. Oh, that must be it. Five, six, seven, five, five, six, six. That keeps Dave Hagen going. I'm just amazed that he's Jewish. And he doesn't look Jewish. And oil. And when he had his beard, do you miss it? When he grew out his hair and his beard and he had the jihad. Jesus looked going. Yeah. See Robert Gaper, I can see it is Jewish. I know that because he's a nebish. Right. In order to really be a nebish, you must be Jewish. Like Arnold's spang, you know, Woody Allen. Woody Allen, the definitive nebishes all are Jewish. Don't ask me why. But if he invent the word, you know, you're pedal do what be one. Like Mighty Con or they're all spicks. Madonna, look at that. She's got 21. I was my choice. Highly unbelievable. Now she and Sarah Cajesica Parker are probably going to battle about Madonna 21. Judy Roberts 15. Murl Streep's eight. Renee Zelberg or four. Paris Hilton three. Marilyn Monroe two. Sarah Jetsica Parker's got one. But she'll start zooming up. Amber Smith don't have any. And Halle Berry doesn't have any. I don't know that guy must have had he maybe got turned down. Or maybe he's got the hotse where Dave justice. That might be it. I'll be honest with the Dave justice back in the day. He was about as pretty as Halle Berry. But you'll have to take my word on it. He's a good looking guy with a crappy attitude. By the way, we all nasty attitude. And from where you hear, got a hostile attitude toward women. Why is it that so many male athletes have got that hostile attitude toward women? Gay. It's part of the culture. It's kind of the new with gay. It's got to do with that culture. It's women hate man. Oh man. Yeah. Like that. And Pat God that he wouldn't wear those ugly ass Bruno Molly shoes. Thank the Lord for the National Enquirer baby. Although last Thursday's edition really sucked. But it can't be great every week. But thank God for being quite there. The ones who dug up that picture him out on the football field. Where it knows exactly same shoes. I mean, how is this possible? I have to wander to myself. I want to be cautious the way that I say this. But you know what's going through my mind. Because he lives right there in Kendall. Here is a man who murdered two people in cold blood. Okay. And yet for some strange reason, he keeps walking around. Do you see what I'm saying? Yeah. I don't understand why. Why somebody somewhere down there because we got a lot of hostile angry people in South Florida as you well know. It's not the world's most pleasant place. And yet this piece of human experiment continues walking around on the loose. The juice. And keeps Brad bragging about what is gigantic. He goes about his new TV show. It's about a seven or eight on a scale of 10. You're going to get juice. Yeah, you want to get juice. Okay. That is a strap in old spunky and crack it up one last time up there in a stark. One last time for you juice. I mean, you talk about an open and short case. That's what they were talking about on King. Yeah. And what he was changing is a defense. They were talking about how open and shut it was. Yeah. That was clear so this was a strong works. They were actually doing it for two days. So people were not going to play, because they had a question from history. Like yeah. They weren't the same. They didn't have any genommen hold on. This was fought against those 300. That's what you were putting. Yeah, we'd be that that wound that was not working. said, Oh, and if you were to see me, oh, my goodness, it was on court TV. They had a whole day through my vacation. Did you see any of that? No. A whole day that they devoted to the trial and all the evidence and they showed they had interviews with that jury. And I'm going to tell you, I don't want to get into a racial thing. But if you could have seen somebody who I heard some of those jurors, I did that for the fact they interviewed us. Holy, mary. Yeah. His peers. Wow. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, some of them, some of them, there's one black lady was very articulate, very bright, even all I think she's full of crap. But there were a couple of them who were just a dumber than a boxer rocks. So this whole idea of justice would as jury system as such garbage, you know? I don't. And a people that I blame people with no conscience, Johnny Cochrane there and Shapiro and Flee Bailey have another drink, and of course, Barry Drek. Those are the people that I blame. They don't care about justice. All they care about is grab it as much money as they can, and you know, putting on this dog and pony show for a stupid jury. It was talk about injustice. 27 past noon, if I end of course it makes me think about that golf tournament at QAM that they stuck me with, and I think we're screw-in, winic, and Sam, and Greg Reed, and others brought O. J. Influman from California. See, there should have been a big lawsuit then. I was joking about it in the hall and duck at all. Perinoot. Oh, Greg, it's a suit. I should have sued their ass for millions. I could be sitting on a beach right now. Haven't a great time. Yeah. Bring in him in there to be smurched the charity and my name and all that. Of course, the fact that the broad from the charity went and got his autographed and helped. Chief, is he no longer works there? I know. As you know. Yeah. Why would anybody? Why his autograph? Why does anybody want anybody's autograph, including mine? But why would anybody want his autograph? That's my real question. On a confession, maybe. Can you explain that to me? No, no, I can't. I mean, he basically what he did was he committed two walkoff murders. You say, though. How did you ran away? Well, kind of. Well, it's easy when you got those good Bruno Molly shoes. Those ugly ass were right there. Hey, if your carpets are kind of ugly ass these days because they're full of schmutz even if you don't know what that means. Here's the answer for you. Call dry concepts today and sanitize your entire home. Dry concepts got certified technicians. You can trust in your home. I've been trust in Prover 20 years in my homes. And they'll dry clean your carpet. Same ideas, dry cleaning your clothing. Stains go away and they don't come back. So beware of those 595 room scams. They know rip off no games that they just don't play the deal at the dry concepts because they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they even start doing the job. Your carpet's when they get done looking snow just like brand new. They're limiting fresh. They're drying a couple of hours so you really can't clean the day and entertain that night when you call dry concepts. With over 20 years of fantastic service in software, they're the people you ought to trust. Here's the and by the way, when you call, ask them to put you understand by list. They can save you next to 15% off there already. Low price. So make your carpet look just like brand new. Here's their toll free number. Call them once you'll never use anybody again. Call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-507-Munner check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com. Who co-w I tell you this chick is one wacky bro. Love's in rehab. Love's in rehab. Once again, it looks like all of these gone bad. This one's not the same. This time she's going in for cocaine. Love's in rehab. Love's in rehab. Oh, whole house looks like the camo street lab. The one dying in vain. Like her hubby Kirk-Combay. Try, try, try, try to clean your act up. You really oughta. Try, try, try, try. You could say goodbye. To your sweet order, love's in rehab. She's gone and do it. Or it's held five chill out. Or in the loony bin. The she loves coke. She loves that coke. The she loves coke and heroin. She can quit. How tall 35 25 to what it's 560 WQA and what famous female living her dead is the most overrated estaloge due to Robert 26. The Don of 26. We got a flat footed ass tie. 26 a piece. But Sarah Jessica Parker's moving up fast she's on her ass 18. Murl Street 15. Perseultan 12. When a zelberger ate Merlin Munro 3, none yet for Amber Smith or Halle Berry. So I guess they like your picture today on the Abbey Honda B.D. Curtain Amber Smith. It's not like. I mean you know they're one of my favorites Amber. I don't know she looks awfully pasted to me. Really pasted. Yeah. No. I'll paste something. 560 70 560 Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line WQA and hello. And Neil. Yes sir. I'm out here. Check Nancy Grace. Nancy Grace, anybody think she's hot? I guess probably some people do. Maybe mad daughter likes her. Nancy Grace from Court TV. That was one of the sad parts having to watch that whole thing I had days watching these people like her. But I overlooked that because they were just ripping O.J. and A. And that was a ride high five in the set. Just to make sure your blood curled on it. That's American man. It's the American idiotic way. Oh speaking of that, and public and backers of a constitutional amendment to Van Samesex marriage have set a Senate vote for mid July just weeks before the Democratic National Convention in Boston of all could put some Democratic senators into an embarrassing bind. But Colorado Republican Wayne Howard, the measures chief sponsored and I the timing was political. Right. He said the released 11 pending court cases on the issue around the country. We must not stand still when the courts have been used to challenge and distort civilizations oldest, most venerable social institution he said. But the suspicion that the vote is about politics was added to by the fact that a constitutional amendment takes the two-thirds vote even backers acknowledge that as of now they don't have that. But they just try to put some of the Democrats so you know put the pressure on him because most of the more spymers and got less anyway. And speaking of that, a campaign to compel the vice president's lesbian daughter to oppose a proposed ban on gay marriages launching its first internet ad today. A series of simply animated cartoon panels features stick figures of Mary Cheney and vice president Dick Cheney, one image reads, Dick's daughter sold out to help Dick run again. And when you see Dick run, raise him. The story line refers to Mary Cheney's job as director of vice presidential operations for the Bush Cheney reelection campaign. She, all the public role as her father's assistant in the 2000 campaign and helped the GOP recruit gay voters during the 2002 midterm elections. How do you like that? She's been less visible this year while traveling with the vice president or working at campaign headquarters in Arlington, Virginia, to got that tight stuff into closet right now. A big one I understand. They've clearly made the decision to keep her in a closet for this campaign. Said John Avru, Avro, Avro, Avro, Avro Vosis, who in February launched the web base campaign, gearmary.com would start to run and we had on Friday. They clearly understand the competition between having a, uh, lesbian that is one of vice president's campaign. At the same time, they want to bash gays in the constitution. What up, bitch? What are phony? Just like Ronnie Reagan Jr. They're the ballet dancer that bitch. Who would I help? Are you people chitting up? Come out whenever you are, wherever you are, you're hiding under the bed, in a closet, in the tea room, Drilliniglory holes there, Westland. Oh, by the way, uh, it was in the paper while I'm during vacation. That, in the sun similar to Harold about the all the big bust of the tea room near at the Westland. Like wasn't Jaycee Penis though, I think was bird eyes. I think they moved down a haul a little bit. You're people with the pneumatic drills. W2, W2A and hello. Hi, I'm from the O welcome back. Yes, man. Thank you. Um, I would like to put my vote in for Nicole Kidman. Yeah, I don't get it. That woman is Casey and harsh looking and oh, I mean, you can, I mean, yeah, I don't get it. I'm trying to lie. Maybe time thought it was a guy. I don't know. And you can barely see her. It has turned sideways. She's gone. She's always on the beautiful list that I look at her and I say, I'm getting it. I'm going to you. Thanks. By the. Nicole Kidman got it. Good. We got it. Madonna. She's a hanging on tough man. 31 and keep in mind, like I said, if you want to be grossed out the Dennis Rodman factor, just always keep that in mind. We were talking about that last week. When we were talking about her religion, yeah, the worm that wicked worm man, the worm that turns everything bad. W2A and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you, uh, well. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a cyst and you need it. A cyst. Yes. You need to, you have to do a cyst. Yeah. And that's what it is. That's why it keeps coming back. So I need to go get it, uh, down what. They cut it open and they take it out. They cut it open. Yes. They cut it. It cut it. It cuts it out, tugs. And yeah. And the sister right out of there. Oh, my God. It's going to keep coming back. See how that does. Okay, I'll go into it this week. I have fun. Thanks, Pally. Boy, I was like, I got it to assist you, believe that? Sure, I'm not. I wish I had a recurring boil that was assist. Don't get it cut out. What will you do for fun next year? Yeah, that's true. Plus, after why do you start, you that a romance starts getting the enjoyed. You know, I mean, you say plus or plus. I said plot plus. Cool. So it's assist. I guess after the show, I got some homework to do. I better start looking up. Just on the internet and get an assist with my assist. You got a homo assist thing. I got assist. 1241 at 560 WQM, are you sick? Sick and tired. Your PC being attacked by browser pop up windows being watched by spyware and getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and coworkers. They easiest way to deal with those budgets get a Mac and touch from Max Center, the Apple specialist in forlaterdale. The Mac and Tosh is built on an entirely different basis than windows. So all these PC pests just can't hurt the Mac. The technology experts at Max Center can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac with thousands of programs available. Putting ones you're already used to like Microsoft Word and Excel. They'll even take your old computers and trade in. So make the change today by calling Max Center at 954-486-5500. You won't get a better deal on your Mac or iPod anywhere else in software to because Max Center is home of the 5% rebate on every purchase. Come in for June 30th. Bob, third man. Corregistered to win the hard to find iPod mini. As Max Center on commercial Boulevard called 954-486-5500. Remember to mention that you heard it on QAM for extra savings too. My 10 walls, this is 4-2056. How a day when you sound. Wow, here he is, he's making. Finally, I have the show Welcome I sound. Ooh, look at my profile. In this button here, um, some islands. They play Facebook. What are you here at this? What? Poyst, Instagram, my check-a-golf. What, cheers? Oh, who picked out the one called a chryst. Nice. Now get this. I was out the whole way, see? And I saw that fat little beast out there. Yeah. And I glazed it in his face. I don't think it can say that. Ah, not that way. With spittle. You spin in his face. Yeah, like this. What did you do that for? Because I hope I can catch one. I can look at the side with you. The charades can be silly through you. And I won't miss or it's looked like so far at it. So I'll say, wow, how you wear for it. Oh, I believe what's it do. Wow, it's what that's called a radule. Why you stickin' a little poke? What the hell do you know? It's because of you, I guess. I'll let it show. Recreate those. Well, no, that's what I call great, great, great, great, most sick night. I can't remember like this. Oh, gently. What's it do? It's all done. It's all done by you. It's all done by you. It's all done by you. It's all done by you. What the hell? How 47, yeah, that hasn't been good enough for you. What the hell? But it will now. What the hell? What the hell? Okay, so I just did a search during the break here because I see, I don't, you know, when people call in, you take it with 14 ranges of software. And I'm sure the guy was well-intended. Maybe he's even a medical professional or not. But I'm not going to take a diagnosis over the phone. Because my thing seems to be healing a pretty well in the boil too. Right, you put in something on it. What is that stuff? Tully sporn. Okay. Triple. Huh? New sporn. No poly sporn, mister. Just walk off. Just walk away. Walk off some fat. No seriously, I have poly sporn to the same thing. It's in crap. You buy it over the counter. And it's a triple antibiotic. And this is whatever the hell it is. It's a strong thing you can buy without a prescription. And it's healing up very nicely. And the red part around it, where was obviously infected before? Before I drained it. It's how red and emitory red part. Right, that angry red part. So I looked up sebaceous cyst. And it comes up. Here's from Go ask Alice and Alice should know. She's probably had a few. Says a sebaceous cyst is a catch all-term-fade benign. Harmus growth that occurs under the skin tend to be smooth to the touch. Ranging in size, sebaceous cyst are usually found on the scalp, face, ears, and genitals. Could it cure anywhere in the body? Either form when the release of seabed. My medium thick fluid produced by sebaceous glands in the skin is blocked. Most of the time, they don't require medical attention. They can either disappear on their own or stay the same size without causing any problems. If cysts become infected or grow to a bother some size, health care providers can remove them or prescribe people with steroids and antibiotics. Sizz can be cured if they're not removed completely. So is that mean the taste of the patient's cyst? I don't know. And I love the questions that they ask Alice. Here's one. Should I smash my cyst with a hammer? Right. Oh yeah. Let's play it if I had a hammer. Come on. I'd smash it right now. I'd smash screw in. I'll tell you that. Red bumps on my butt keep brewing their ugly heads. Here's another one they want to ask Alice. And one of those white spots around my eyes. Sounds like a lot of these people may have syphilis, something like that. 560, 560, 560. So that's, we haven't done this a long time because I've been in such great health for so long. Not really, I had all of those tests trying to figure out what was wrong. I think it's called hypochondrient old age. They can't find a damn thing. What famous female living or dead is most overrated as to looks and also is in a sister visit a boil. Is it a boil? Is it a boil? WQAM? Hello. Hello, Doctor? Yeah. I am. Well, welcome back. Thank you. Now two things when the media releases those, you know, those beheadings or whatever. I've never noticed that the terrorists themselves looks like a cartoony character or like a super hero with that red background and that totally black silhouette. Right. And those are those kind of surreal or kind of like, you know, and evil, and evil do or if you want to call it. Yeah. And in fact, if you notice the arms of the one we saw in the last video, right, is white as George. I mean, there was payless of ghosts. I don't know. I don't know too many people in that part of the world. Too many of those kind of terrorists who are as payless of ghosts. Just the salty. Now another thing is Joe goes suspended because he was talking about mom talking about diesel. Who said Joe roses suspended? That's what I heard this morning. What? From who? The morning show. Which one? Go. You heard that from Jolene? That's what I heard. Well, I'm an advocate. So I'm out of the loop. I'm out of touch. Well, the last thing was that Joe roses saying that mom was talking about people that he wasn't good in that. And Joe took really bad offense to that. So maybe you can find one out now. No, we'll talk about Joe. I'll talk about Joe back. Sir, welcome back. Thank you. Thanks so much. So it's the same circus that always has been so guilty as on the year. See what did I tell you about him? He is the chicken when a wood pile. He's probably trying to get Joe and hot waters so that he can get the that A to 10 gig. Because he knows that Moe wants him off of their desperately. Absolutely. He's like poison. No, no, no, no, no, no. We can't stand you, Geldy. No. You're getting too big for your British sweetheart. Too big for your depends and you're going to be using him pretty soon. And where things are going with you. How do you like that? So what do you think? Is it a boil or a chunker? I mean, what's the other one? It's a go-assist. We need an assist. W to Q a. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. I have one for the poll. Okay. Sandra Bork. Oh, that's bad. Okay. And I got another thing. The. Yes, sir. You can run from 18 months at the most. He's put a hole somewhere to talk about. Okay, thanks. I'm working down 18 months at the most. Okay. We're going to be checking this out all week long. We're going to be doing an exhaustive study on an IQAM. To find out who originated that term walkoff home run and why they continue using it. I don't mind if that somebody came up with it. But, you know, when it really stinks to join, I'll get rid of it. When it's stupid and people are falling down and hoarding their sides laughing at you for saying it. At that point, it's time to move on. Get something new. Like, go Homer. Just because we didn't think of it as minutes. What? I just like hearing you say Homer. Homer. Failing. I didn't say Homer. Why said go Homer? I'm a Homer. Will you stop picking on the Humper wasn't bad enough? We picked on how fat it was before. But, I think that just hoping you might be listening. Although, we don't know what's, no, I spun yours. What's made you a bad thing and lose some weight, Hank. We love it. What? I think again on the air for a for tipping the, who was it? The AC subs guy. That's Tony's guy last week. Yes. Intercepted our food and tip the guy. Well, what do you mean he intercepted the food? He, in other words, the guy brought it in while Hank was out there and Hank uh and Hank intercepted and ate all the food. Everybody's food. Is that what you're trying to say? You can say it on the air. We're a month after that. You received the food. Right. Well, what do you think that if he's going to eat all the food to God delivered, then he probably should be the one given when the tent didn't need any other. Right. I'm just busted his fat chops because I'm praying that he'll lose some weight. Need to. We got to lose some weight fat. So we got to uh one of these days and it can happen soon. There probably are various both in a piano case. But, you know, they do it. Yes, we can. Which ain't too good. Now, what does that cut to do with my boil and my assist? And walk, walk off. Oh, walk off, assist. Yeah, maybe that's the way to get rid of it. It is just walk it off. Huh? You got a big fat back there. Big, you got fat all over the place when you're flat as I am. So maybe some of that fat's got. But seriously, if it's healing up now and that red infected part around the edge of it is gone. All the way, I noticed that if I if I push it hard enough like an assertionary, what's it like, it's still a little bit um how do I describe it? Tender. Not to no, not tender. It's not the least bit painful. But like kind of rubbery, still the skin is healing in there, of course. Yeah. And I can squeeze out a little bit of that juice. You know what I mean? Fine. Oh, yeah. Take a picture. In fact, it's almost like a Josh Friedman all over again, you know? What had scrotum juice he was always raven about? That wonderful aroma. You remember the answer, but my disease. I might have to play that bit. And anyway, okay, let's take a look at the pull and get serious here and stop and about all my hypocombrial disease. Okay. What pain is female living or dead is most overweight that has to look. Madonna's got 45. She's pulling it away. Please pull a little further. We're going to still smell it. Sarah Jessica Parker 34. Judy Roberts 31. Paris, Hilton 29. Meryl Street 23. Renee Zellberger 11. Marilyn Monroe's got seven. Nicole Kidman 4. Halle Berry 1. None for Amber Smith, Nancy Grace, or Sandra Bullock. 185 votes. See that? This hour will get as many votes as we had the first two hours for another poll. They don't seem to like this one, I much either. I think I changed them more. I think they want you back. No. Oh yeah, no. In addition, which are you on vacation next week? Yes, I am. Well, how come you picked a week when you're there's only four days? There's only four days? Yeah. I'm taking five. Well, surprise, I guess Josh is doing a show on that Friday. Here's your flight. What's the date next week? Yeah, I'm on the right to the page. 28 through the second. Right. I guess who doesn't work on the second on a Friday. Since one, it's not marked on any of the calendars. But it's July. Yeah. The first July and August, they were two day and Thursday. The July second, look like up to two, there's three of you. The summer schedule begins on the fifth is what we wrote since get out of here. Are you crazy? I'm not. You're making this up as you go along, Mr. My deal says July and August. All right. How you had it? Oh, look at this. Here's a note that says you definitely have a recurring cyst. I have one that goes back to 89 every now and then. My wife attacks it with a vengeance. I've had surgery. You move it. It still came back. My daughter heard the call on Nicole Kidman whom she loves and hopes the your collar rots and hell. Ha ha ha ha ha. How do you like that? Well, let's you girls fight it out. Okay, when and out, fight it out. Wow, we'll take it. So I have a recurring cyst. Well, is that is that? I guess not a big deal. I'll live this long with it. That's a big deal. Well, how come if but it's not infected anymore? Because they'll arred. I don't have to ring around a collar or the red around the thing. Right. Maybe you'll be back. Yeah. What do you mean by that? With a vengeance. And they'll give me other chances in there. Right. That the needle and and squirt that baby all over the. Ha ha ha. All over the mirror. Just watch yourself now. 1256 at 560 WQA and hey, the one and only pizza loft is still going strong. Irundabian fact, it's not only going better than ever, but they make you know for you can't refuse. If you don't think it's the best pizza in town. You get your money back at the pizza loft. How can you beat that? And our friend Jeff Cohen, he's no dummy. He's now featuring balance for life menu for the people on his own diet. And you don't have to worry about bringing any special coupons to get a good deal. Because unlike the other joints, they don't have any coupons. Their specials are all the time. Like every Thursday, they have a special where you buy one. Any on trend, and you get the second one for app price. Every Tuesday, when you buy one, I've typed it at the second one is only five bucks. No coupon needed. And every Monday, like today, if I one was on the dinner at the loft in the second one is only five bucks. And guess what? Again, no coupon. A coupon or coupon is necessary. Consistently delicious food, gigantic portions. Everything is called fresh and delicious. The way you like it. Three different kinds of great pizza. All your pasta favorites, the best garlic rolls in the world. Almost 200 seats are in at the stand and line waiting on weekends at the pizza loft. And they got gigantic parking for your free right behind pure one imports. I'm university drive between 595 and Griffin Road. Did I say it right? 595 Griffin Road. Private rooms available at the loft catering for homeroopuses. The list five bucks per person for take out delivery and catering call 9504 9168880. It doesn't get much better than the pizza loft anywhere. 9504 916888 for the pizza loft in Davy home of day money back here in T. That's my life and look all this is 42056. I just the one to two hour, it's up a nominon. It really goes really good. Give me a good location. Man, don't you ever take a bad man? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. What's going on there? Stay away from me! Josh, dream on! I feel thinking funny, but he's not standing here. Come on, man. Don't put your feet! Josh, dream on! He's a legend, squeeze the knees and I'll tell anybody and sell it by the pound. Hey! That's so bad he's got this loader! Stealing wretches by law over the roof. There's stay close up and down his roof. Just to hold in all that crazy old food. Stay with Robby. Josh, dream on! I think I care if this one don't like me. I think he does. Don't go near me. Josh, dream on! Come here, give me a hand! It's really thinking, don't let you like your brother's news. What's up with Paul? Paul, Paul. Paul, Paul, Paul. Well, too bad we had a well-blink out there last word, but... Oh, well. He says, what does it mean when somebody calls you a... ...hole. What a shame. How the mighty of fallen, you know how sad it is. America's losing it by the minute and the bad part of it is they don't even realize that the way here's the definition from a doctor, no less. You can see that this was from a medical thing. Huh? Yeah. The boils, also called Firf. What is that? For Uncle? And Carbunkel. Yeah. A Fir Uncle? Is that like somebody lives like 3,000 miles away? Right. Our painful swelmings of the skin caused by deep skin infections with bacteria. Birls begin as red tender swellings, which may later ooze plus some people have recurrent boils. Consons of the source of the bacteria is usually not known. Most boils appear out of the blue. Sometimes boils develop after exposure to someone with boils or another skin infection. Treatment. And then there's a word that's missing here and something is usually required to eliminate the bacteria. Is that like an antibiotic maybe? I don't know. Or a lansing? No. It wouldn't be an lansing. I know an lander is but not an lansing. Sometimes, many research reasoned to open the border to drain the pus. There you go, see. General heat provided by warm soapy washcloth. Hello over the air for 30 minutes, three to four times. It was what I did. Speed up the healing process. See I've been doing it right. Putting medication on the boil will not cure because the medicine doesn't penetrate the infected skin. However, a thick coat of anti-offin coat of antibiotic. Ointment. Poly spore in an abandoned over the boil. We'll keep the germs from spreading. And what did I have on there? Poly spore in a bandaid. How do you like that? Mr. Smarty pants? There you go. Dr. If your boil does not improve after treatment, please return to the office. This is a doctor's thing, hey, about. Sometimes the bacteria resistant to the first antibiotics. Well, how do you like that? Now, let's get to the important stuff. Walk off home runs. Forget about my boils. But if the other guys write to about the infection, how come the infection would be gone? Why is all that redness in the pain? It's all gone. It feels fine. And it's like a scaven up and feeling just fine. Huh? Right. So I think he's full of crap. Again, with good intentions, I appreciate his diagnosis over the phone from a long distance away. Where is this stuff? Pages on this stuff. Tracking down the elusive walk off home run by Stan Isaacs out of left field. The columnist.com. The columnist.com. Oh, by the way, Curtis Davidson in from Eddog. They look kind of a schedule we got going. Surprise, good. You think it was the summertime? What are we going to do about that Friday? I don't know. I'll do it. I'll do it. All right. I'll do it. I'm not going anywhere. Of course, I didn't go anywhere last week either, but I was still on vacation. I think I'll get the screwed. If you ask me, I think there's something really wrong with that whole deal. But at any rate, we'll see. We'll see. Maybe I'll just let Josh do this show and he can talk about the walk off home runs. It's empty. And seems. Huh? You could say that little seems just hit a walk off home run. Holy cow. Holy moly. And even that would be more exciting than David Borg's call. I guarantee you that. Let's have Josh do the games with boog. What do you say, Josh? All right. I'm up for it. He's up for it. There you go. He's easy. David Borg can say home and study his wife. Anyway, I'm not going to read this about the walk off. This is ridiculous. Because it didn't even send you all of it. No. Thank the Lord. Only four pages. Bob cost us responded to my email. Says, this guy saying I imagine was a ball player, originally, or perhaps an ESPN anchor. I called the ESPN was told that their guys and girls use it all the time. For sure, but none claims authorship. Tim McCarber was who never shuts his mouth was amused at the idea. Ball player might have originated in suggested that the hardworking people at the Elias Bureau that compiles baseball statistics might know. Oh, oh, this is horrendous. And they're actually defending it like it's a good like it's a great thing. Walk off home run. Now back in the day, when we had real baseball broadcasters as opposed to these dumb illiterate ex-juxt that we got now, then you had people with colorful expression. You know, if there's a bug on a rug, chicken on the hill with wheel, the great Bob prints, people over colorful red barber, people over wheel of broadcasters. That's just a bunch of guys that used to take showers naked with other men. WQAM, hello. And now they're talking about reach around 5. Reach around 5 tips. I like that. Yeah. I've had a few of those. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Maybe that's where I got my boil. That's right. Maybe I cut it from a reach around 5. 5.670560. You know the rest. WQAM, hello. Here's your winner, Pamela Anderson. Pamela Anderson, George is a good example. Thank you so much. He's changing his vote right now. What famous female living or dead is most overrated as to what's Pamela Anderson. How could we left off that bitch? I still say she used to look really damn good on it because what's really good. He's a good guy. He's the one. And then. And then she got hit by the ugly tony stick. It was a Tommy knocker. Careful. And. WQAM, hello. So, so Jelney was on a sporting spreading rumors about the radio station. And then you saw what I don't want to discuss what transpired after that. Subsequent to it. But this is what. Why is it that I'm always single about? You know, leave me out of it. Okay. Whatever you guys got going on down there that has nothing to do with tend to to leave me out of it. I don't want to know about it. I don't want to hear about it. I've got not involved in it. Like Greg and Muffin Clare, it's just continued playing their little baby games. Their baby Schmidt. Like a bunch of little infants in a sandbox with rattles and a spoon in a pale. And just leave us out. We're doing this fine. Thank you. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Niel. I got one for you, sir. Yes, sir. Said at truth. She hit a walk off. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Maybe that's what she did when she broke. She just walk off into the distance. Poor Sita Cruz. Anybody ever say Sita Cruz look good? I'm truly a fool's a nine. You get it now. But that reeling down was alive. I went and threw the money went and threw the money. I went and threw the money. Don't put around here Will alienate. We're little Hispanic audience. We got left. We can't afford to do that. Did you see the article? I put on a website about the growing Hispanic audience in the area. No, our radio ink I think it was you didn't see that? No. See, that's starting to explain as Desi Arnez would say if he weren't dead. Starting to explain this deal that we got with these gigantic growing numbers of Spanish language. And we're blaming it on this tanner and about this. And that's not true. It's just the fact that we got that we're drowning in the CS sticks is what it is. And if they just came in off a banana vote from El Salvador somewhere, no expect them to speak it in glaze, especially when some of your people been here for 44 years. And they still must be getting glaze at least for, you know, public consumption anyway. Right. Unless it's convenient. That's right. WQM. Hello. WQM. Hello. New God. Yes sir. First of all for the poll, I have to say Maria Schreiber. Okay, yeah. No chance. I saw four of them gone by finally. Love with it. They should put it on TV every day of the week. Right. And you guys are saying Schreiber is Schreiber. Schreiber? The brothers they Schreiber. With that next day like. You know, Schreiber. Schreiber. Okay. I thought Schreiber was something you got like for freebies at the casino. Nothing Josh has it right. Is he got it down? That's right. See what he was about. 5 6 7 0 5 16. Nobody's been to solve my board. I think I solved it myself. You smarty pants out there. They're just jealous that it's even up real nice. And it's not in fact the name. And it's probably not really for a boil. And so what? So squeeze it again. Yeah. I mean, you know, if you squeeze it once sometimes it's not about ideas. Squeeze it again. Right. That's right. And you never know what's going to pop out. WQM. Hello. New one. I was a kid. My dad made me pop a boil on his back. Oh, God. He laid faith down in the bathroom. Right. And he kind of spread all the back. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. It's not a relief. Oh, my God. Yeah. I mean, with all my weight I could with my thumbs on both sides of that boil. I know what's coming. It hit me right between the eyes. Yeah. It's not like from the cheese. And right. Oh, the worst. And I'll tell you what. A back boil that, but a Peter boil is worse. Okay. Thanks. You know what I was saying? The young Frankenstein. Yeah. That was outstanding. When he started in about he was struggling. I started getting really nervous. And then, of course, I guess that explains the rest of his upcoming. Probably it's after one at five, 60 WQAM. Wow. Wow. I'm going to get some polysport and share the mic with it. Just after that call. Good. It's summertime. These are getting longer. And I think it's getting shorter. Which means it's so important for you to go to the good night sleep. Do you understand what that means? Sorry. I'm still in Peter Boyle. Okay. Well, get off him. If you're not sleeping as well, you could, as well as you might, call 1-800-MACFORST Today, millions of people have dialed 1-800-MATT-T-R-S, including yours truly. And just about all of us at QAM because we finally got smart to get the lowest prices in the best deal on the best brands inventing. It's the easiest possible way to buy a mattress. Say, time, say, money and prove your productivity and bright you disposition with a great night sleep. Dallama Triss is ranked the best in the world of customers at a special table. When is of the 2004, that are business bureau local Torch of Excellence Award. When you call 1-800-MATFORST, you'll get the best prices on the best brands delivery on your schedule. You get to pick that tour window and they'll show up and the best customer service in the business. Dallama Triss has the complete line that top names in a business. See, they certainly serve a King Coral. Simmons tempered experience of an Anna's foster. Why haven't I been Anna's fostering a long time and probably don't need it though. I'd like it. Tell the store Palm Beach to Ford Myers-Dallama Triss can deliver you to find his betting anywhere. Call 1-800-MATFORST or go online at Macros.com. If you're a, yeah, if you're a mass of gifts, go out and head heat. It's 100 degrees in the shade and slip all over town from vetting store to department store. We're wasting a lot of time gas and money. But if your smart just log on to Macros.com, or make that easy call today, 1-800-MATFORST or E.S. If you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're, you're a, you're, you, you're in the, you're a, you're so bad always, not even people who love with me. Oh, that's not even a guy in the I'm under M. Blensy Pound, Slinky. You got that right if I hear one more people. I'll be back. And goodness she's gone, but she will be back. David, what did I tell you? Where'd I put my Tylenol PM in Jen? Roll on over here, sweetie, and give Mama some love in. Oh, sweet, Jesus, the woman has them in station. Bullseye, girl, have a tight, if anyone is listening to my message. Please help me treat some booze and day hold. Don't stick in the seat who can help me. Let's get to it, my little motorized stud muffin. Help me. 18 at 5.60 WDK Margaret Kimberly writes in the black commentator. That's in the magazine. American extremists. So every this? Okay. I like it. She says the software rise again and again and again. There's no end in said to the effort to redeem the Confederacy and promote white racism and supremacy. Our late and now endlessly limited 40th President Ronald Reagan began his campaign for present in Philadelphia, Mississippi, by calling for states rights. He then gave a sheepish did I offend anyone when he was called on the carpet for using this blatantly racist language that the scene of the murders the civil rights workers Schwerner, Chani and Goodman. Despite his very obvious appeal to the worst instincts in Americans, the GOP faces a quandary when admiring white supremacists takes them at their word and runs for offices Republicans. Late as to cause embarrassment is Ron Wilson National Commander the Sons of Confederate veterans who is running for a seat in the South Carolina State Senate. The Southern Poverty Law Center is given Wilson the dubious distinction to be named early, top 40 white supremacists in need of constant monitoring. If history is any indication Wilson's candidacy will have an all-too predictable response, Republican punits will demand that the bumpy tune out of their ranks, black Republicans will wind that their brethren's hearts and minds will never be one over a commander of the Sons of Confederacy's ever public and elected official. The GOP 7 is sentenced coincided with both overt and covert appeals to white racism. Unfortunately the unspoken bargain that says racist must stay in a closet is sometimes broken. Louisiana's David Duke was the first such troublemaker for Republicans. The former clansman must have been just a little confused by all the fuss. The Republicans make racist appeals and anger anxious when the less subtle want to come along for the ride. The pro-Republicans cry in scream that they don't have a racist bone in their collective body and that it's slandered to think otherwise, poor Senator Trent Lock got the Buddha's majority leader when he went over the top and praising the nearly more upon strong thermon who had been literally propped up for yet another Republican love fest, we can see a lot's pain. He hadn't said anything he hadn't said before and neither Democrats knew the press to rather Republicans had ever said a word against his racist die frauds. Lot may have gotten the last laugh however he's now free to say that prison abuses a fine idea and remain in sync with his party. Not only is Ron Wilson destined to become the GOP per why but he's managed to alienate the Southern cultural heritage crowd a certain extent that some are forced to form a counter-organization, saved the Sons of Confederate veterans. Let's call them Confederate light. They want to remember Southern heritage but take great pains to this associate themselves from the white power group. We calling them great-great-grandpas regiment took a hill of get his burgers acceptable but membership in the KKK is not. The distinction is probably without a difference. We're talking about people who are exalt the effort to preserve slavery if some are racist to its mildly faces the rest of us should not be impressed that the amusement factors too good to resist. Our whites and premises getting an undeserved bad rap. The facts are as follows. America wouldn't exist if it weren't for white racism. Black people wouldn't be here instead of an afric aflight racism hadn't been sanctioned in institutional life from the very beginnings of this country's history. America would not have the world's highest rate of incarceration if there were no white racism. But a lie as if an overly exuberant Confederate reenactor has the nerve to give a salute Allah Hitler and Y'all white power that he is cast out forced to live with the Aryan nation and Idaho alongside others without that the nation would serious about putting one group on top and all others at the bottom. It's a little wonder this so angry. The ascendancy of David Duke Ron Wilson and their ilk is inevitable especially when the appear of the domination in supremacy get the proverbial thumbs up from the powerful. Republicans may mone that these people are nothing in common with them but how is it that white supremacists continue to emerge from Republican ranks that they get the wrong idea about the GOP over and over again? The answer is that they do not. Republicans are very extreme. What else would one call a group that allows itself with a chemical weapons terrorist? Yes, Saddam Hussein was once a friend of current defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld another administration officials when Rumsfeld was Reagan special envoy to the Middle East him at Hussein and Baghdad 1983 at that time assert for weapons and mass destruction would have been successful. Saddam Hussein had only had WMDs but was using them against Iranians and Kurds these atrocities didn't stop Rumsfeld with the Republican party from shaking hands with the devil. Republicans even put in writing that torture is not so bad after all and maintain that if a pesky Congress asked for the information they're just out of luck. Perhaps they'll begin advocating torture for senators last to many questions. The Republican should welcome Ron Wilson with open arms he's one of their own and will all be so much easier if they just admit their mutual affection. Extremism is as American as apple pie and everyone knows that Republicans are the best Americans of all Right some Margaret Kimberly are you good. A little sarcastic in the black comet a night's going you go girl. How do you like that? Oh bad news for you. Uh-oh You know baby Ali Not to be confused with chemical Ali or little whatever his name was what was the other one lucky Ali lucky Ali the woman no legs in arms right Who's baby? He's got all them prosthetises a three month old Iraqi baby you prompt in an outpouring of sympathy around the world F.A. was photographed lying and may shade in under supply to Iraqi hospital has died Doctor said on Saturday You guy yeah Ali Muhammad Jabar no relation to Karim Abdul Effectually known as baby Ali in a relation to Muhammad Ali died of septicemia bacteria blood infection easily treated if more advanced medical care had been available easily treated if more advanced medical care had been available Said doctor how the hide our hidee of baggeded general teaching hospital for children I just would have grown up to be another terrorist like all the other ego good good thinking The chance of survival would have been much much higher if he were in a European hospital. How do you said he most probably would have survived Baby Ali suffering illustrated the plight of Iraqis children who are still lacking proper proper medical care after more than a year of US military Occupation the hospital where baby Ali was treated had no proper equipment to take blood and stool samples needed to pinpoint the type of diary Which afflicted him without that precision doctors running of the prescribed the right antibiotics for him. We feel so sorry Lose of patient for something considered an ideal situation a simple disease. How do you say? Even if they had the diagnosis such medicine is really available here for someone so young and so small when he arrived at the hospital in May he weighed 7.72 pounds and now he's dead But I thought everything was just fine over there. Oh, we're fine. So this new poll shows 57% of public things are hunky door and Iraq man things are going wrong great now Everything's just fine and you wake up the nine days till June 30. We hand the keys to the kingdom over to anybody who will grab him and we you know, that's when everybody comes home right no surprise Gotta make sure that nobody gets your hands on that oil all over the oil pipelines. You notice all the oil. Let's pump it out of those right now not because of all the sabotage none See you Thank you for those little gas prices I like to get that punk and just smash his or whatever. He's got left between his ears with a of a two by four. You know, I remember him. Thank you, Mr. President for those little gas prices. You fool you. You simple silly whatever words that we can't say no more Sarah just what did I tell you she is beyond reproach man. You can't touch her and who and his right mind would want to What famous female living or dead is the most overrated as the looks Sarah Jessica Parker has come from nowhere the first place. He passed madonala. She was laying prone 72 madonala 64 and I guarantee she'll pull away in the stretch Paris Hilton 51 2 to Robert's 48 Merrill Street 27 Renee Zullweir 22 the cool kidman 13. Oh kid Merrill in 11 Pan Anderson H. He's moving up fast 120 six votes See this is the one they're gonna sink their teeth and do Can I say that? Well some of them anyway Sandra Borg 6 are you saying we got some of my money calling out this while you're trying to say during pride week in Toronto you're making a comment like that Hallie Maria Schraber 3 Hallie Barry one Nancy Grayson and the Amber Smith don't have any they like Amber Smith. They saw that picture on anything What's it all the fact talking about she's okay that kneels Hey man, she ain't so bad you're going blind from touch it No, that's my back. Oh, I just did squeeze it again. No, yeah get anything. No, all right. Oh, man. I think smells good 32 and 560 WQM Glen close for the poor. That's a good one. Yeah, it's a man baby. It is a guy in fact That was a guy that went down the bathtub in a fiddle of this nation Extinction and anyway Here's some bad news And I have no idea why is it true that this is a son-semanual celebrity Q&A and XSS prequel is it who is gonna be at another sequel to the XSS if so Well any original cast be in it I'll say I want you to stop and think about this Whoever wrote this question If so, well any of the original cast be in it. This is a sequel So what year was the XSS would you say seventy two or three they're about? Okay, we're gonna look it up I got my 400 pond book right here. There's Elvis on tourists. What can be far away? The evictors the evil dead part to the exude exodus beyond urine evil doer 73 73 like I said so I was right on for once I got one close Glen see they're gonna have the young Gregory type. I was hell out of this chair Anyway, says yes. It's true and no no member of the 73 cast Linda Blair Ellen birthed in Max Von Sight Out of the league Jason Miller will appear maybe Jason's making a comeback The power of police to the page you don't The power of police to the page you The power of police to the page you okay come down Yeah, that would be something Jason Miller who played father carous right he's dead Good actor They could have a take me even younger Linda Blair Anyway, exorcist at the beginning do August 20th. We were very sorry about this. See they didn't learn their lesson when they made exorcist 2 and 3 right Remember Richard Burton was in one of those just just awful just horrible Difference from the 77 and 90 sequels that in look at that 77 and they're wrong about that because was 70th Oh, I see number the exorcist to was 77 exorcist 390 and that it's a prequel taken place before the events of the original film father Merin portrayed in the original by Max Von Sight. I was now played by another sweetest star still on scars guard And then we just spray wood stars guard Bring your first with it right is seen working as a missionary in post World War II Africa where he is as first encounter with Satan all right The power of police to the The power of police to tell you The power of police to tell you I Ronically the new film was be said by so many difficulties that cast members joked the movie said should undergo an exorcism of its own After two directors dropped out the film was assigned a John Freckanimer who died from a sudden stroke shortly before the shooting was to begin in 2002 Auto focused director Paul Shrader was in the head of the job and wrapped up filming in March 2003 But the studio so disliked his version of the film that lack that last November die hard to director Rene Harlan was brought in to reshoot a number of scenes Harlan was a preshooting the entire movie so not not a single film a straight frame or straightest film will be seen a rarity in Hollywood What do you like that? Wow, the power of police to tell you good Everybody should see the original was on again. Like I said on again a few days ago and once you've come across one of those on the two be just can't shut it off At least I can't Watch the whole thing and this was like the unexpergated one of one where she came like backward down the stairs with the head her head kind of like twisted all around That was the only added scene I think you ought to bring back some of those Linda Blair new pictures Well, that one you hit on the one that are really impressed to how out of many more and her horse Nobody don't like Linda Blair. I would hold it anybody don't like Linda Blair. We don't like you. I'll tell you that right now you're un-American you're a communist and we're gonna deport you by the end of the week 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog at two the Humphorage floor and we got the That UM Cal State bullet in the colors world series game from Omaha it's seven a lot of rumors floating around a lot of that guilty stuff man. Is he's thrown it up or what? What and then I see we tomorrow we got more we got more and a big again, but too much big. Oh, I mean it really is it's our summer schedule nonners nobody in town And we're just you know hanging on by a thread, but what is that with a big I'd rather hear most solo than more in the big personal. That's just my own feeling solo me. Oh solo And then you got guilty and bowl after you're a mole and a bowl. Oh, I can't figure it out. Let's forget he owes to a mobile show We already got one of those Hey, me. How many QAM hello? Yes, and you'll please speaking. No, I want to be a camera. D is you don't like? No, she's she kind of a month ago that that all five co-let the so the two face. Yeah You know, sometimes she looks good and sometimes she does look really bad. The two faces of Cameron. Yeah, okay. We'll put around here making make you happy. I think sometimes she looks pretty dang good. Yeah, she's she's cute, but but overrated. I think is the other point. Well, let me say this. The question is what they must email living or that is the most overrated as to look see she's though Sarah cadets at the park right Syracca Jessica Parker is certainly in the class of her own. Yeah, she's an ass by even turn Valentine don't want to go in that classroom. She can smell that stank stench from a mile away. Maybe it's my boil. Maybe that's what it is. Next time you're walking down the street. Well, she's got one other face a big boil. Sure. I don't know kids. W. K. W. M. Hello. I knew. Hey, where did you get that picture of Linda Blair? For my collection from his private collection. I'm useable. I copies and I want to get some more coming up coming soon coming to a be the curtain near you. Be the curtain today. We got pretty marginal. We apologize. It's okay. Amber Smith. I think I mean, the fact that we have a piece of the census here in the building and among all the hetros all three of them. They all approve. I'm not saying it shouldn't be on error that I'm not going to picture, but I just don't think she's all at home. She's okay. She's not up to our usual. All the listeners have been improved. But over last Monday's Brittany that that had to be very depressing for a lot of your heterosexual people out there will do her anyway. Oh, I'm sure probably in a better state like maybe Georgia. Luzyan and then she gets married again while I'm on vacation. Every time I take a vacation Brittany gets married again. Now what's the deal with next Friday? Let's take a vote. Because just I mean, I could do it. I mean, not a big deal, but it's just the idea that first don't we get screwed because the fifth they forthed you'll eyes on a Sunday anyway. Right, right. And I think I think we get screwed all the way around because this year I do believe Christmas in New Year's both come like on a Saturday or Sunday in a weekend. So what what up for that? We should have makeup holidays as Mo would say what up for that. This is for 20. Oh, go go go go go go. We can't unact that dollar. Oh, right. Get a hold of yourself. Oh my god. Just dangling by a thread. Oh, I'm going to have to empty. Explosive action. Just stop it out. That's as weekend that access Hollywood. There's another really anxious person, Pat O'Brien boy. Do I? And they're always a hockey to about him on I'm a severe notice. No. Every time we cheer it on for a dose for like about 10 minutes. I'm wondering for our show. And he's always a hockey about paddle Brian is this morning. They spit about three four five minutes on paddle Brian. Who gives a flying crap? A paddle Brian the actor. There was a guy. Who's a big fat old time a guy and then a Brian and Joel Brian and whatever the hell that horse was that great horse to old Brian drove. But anyway. Florida court decision may help Limbaugh case a Florida court last week throughout a murder conviction because the state illegally obtained a defense medical records, which talk show host Rush Limbaugh's lawyers content have been his alleged doctor shop in case. Another technicality get the pill popping hypocrite off the hook again. In a court filing, Limbaugh's attorney word black claim that his client's medical records also were illegally seized in there for me not to use against him. Like immediately filed the notice and forming fourth district of appeals of this new decision by another Florida court. Black repeatedly has said that Palm Beach County State attorney and properly obtained Limbaugh's medical records. The prosecutor claims that without those records, they can't continue their investigation until they review Limbaugh's medical records, which have been sealed since December 20. He's number 23. Look at off the hook and the life will go on, you know. And the ditto heads will continue going, What have you said Rush, Rush, what's that, what's that, just keep making up the crap. We had a point man to you, I had a thumb right on it, but I'll say it again. I don't really, as much as a lot of people probably resent it. I don't care that much about Bubba's book coming out tomorrow. Did not watch six minutes last night and I've seen little snippets of him here and there and the rat has been on about 50 times already and all these king and all the shows. You know, promoting that 60 minutes piece last night. I don't need to see it because everybody know what the deal is. I don't know what it's all about, right? What's it all about? It's all about a horny guy that was in hell about that and what we got right now. Pop head jack or look what we got. 567.0560. How in 560 on the AT&T in comparison wireless line. What famous female living or dead is the most overrated as to looks. WQM hello. You know how they were going up at all times? Yeah. Because he retired. He's off that show. He's off that show, but he's got some other show. Oh, is it wrong? I hate him anyway. Yeah. Now they were talking about the fact that he was, I don't watch any of those shows anyway. That's his Hollywood entertainment tonight. I don't watch any of those shows. I don't care about those things. This morning, it's like going back to that OJ business again. What kind of a simple idiot? What I mean, we know the people in our station. That goes without saying. The water Nazi and Greg, we know we know because they're just professional Josh nippers. I mean, if they had their brothers, they would just stay like an alachrome there in terror. Like you'd have to have your food delivered round the clock. And it would just be an alachrome all day long. Screw in their brains out and snip in the jacksfaps. That's their ultimate fantasy. I think it's time for a walk off exercise in the QAM of all of those sportscraft. This is this obsession. The one thing that will be a sports fan, we don't have sports fans on his station. We have sports obsessive nerds. It's like computers. It's the same thing. I love the internet. I can't imagine life without the internet. But it's one thing to be a computer person to have your PC and use it to, you know, for whatever you like. It's the other thing to be a computer nerd. There's a very, very great distinction there. Oh, the chat crowd, man. You know what I do when I think about chat and it rhymes with it, but we can't say it in no mold. Back in the day we could say it. Like schmat. I schmat down. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Back to you. Not that we need any further documentation about how corrupt this administration is. We currently have in the White House. What was that book that you were recommending earlier? I want my way. You're called Bush's World for Re-Election. Iraq the White House and the people we got a bad echo on the phone. So listen on the radio. Please. I can't stand it. Bush's World for Re-Election. Iraq the White House and the people by James Moore. As like in Gary Moore and Michael Moore and Mandy Moore. M.O.R.E. The book is just when you get through the first couple of chapters you'll be just boiling. Talk about boils. You'll be popping it. Man. It is just aggravating a beautiful lie. Oh, it's just, and now of course they're trying to spin all of this crap and I got one guy that was in Sodom's regime. And he was a member of El Qaeda and out there for Sodom and so. Even though they already said it, they even said it again that there's absolutely no connection between Sodom who's saying in the end of El Qaeda. And all kinds of. What is it? Those Iraqi students. Yeah. Because the fact that it matters is that he didn't send the like point. You're dealing with religious fanatics on a one hand and non-religious fanatics on the other hand. Who hate each other like the Orthodox Jews and permission to go in. I think it's a good way to put it. There's nothing way to confuse you. But that's not where he put it. And what is the thing with that awful penis you've got on our website? That's right. I was supposed to put the link to the story underneath it. I mailed in the story, but it just never made it on. Yeah. It's a big story. It's all over the Yahoo and that has been for about a month now. And that's a Rasputin's penis. Oh my god. I have seen a lot of those things in my life. You call that a penis? That's a maybe an elephant. I don't think he was popular. And I guess we know why. We're sports radio five sixy-suing. You a M. Egg, Egg, Egg. Mickey Mouse, all the Mr. Mouse? It's Michael Eisner. Michael Eisner? What are you doing? I'm trying to go in for my phone. Sorry, both. It's not yours. Bawning at Hoffman. What do you want? It's Michael Eisner, sir. It's not Sony. I'm from Michael Eisner. The first president. Oh boy, I'm a good morning sir. I'm the most done with you, pal. Sir? I was looking at the ratings for this nightmare. You had it going through. I'm a fool. Everybody get me out of here. What a smashing successor. Everything was in the toilet. It was unbelievable. It's a breakdown. The demigrant. You know what? I said I'm just happy. It's over. Sir, I believe the second go around will be much better. The second go around. You must be on crack. We're not doing that thing again. Why do you want to bring that back? Because the first time around, you barely missed toppling the entire network. Well, sir, it's already done. What do you mean, it's already done? Nobody ever told me it was already done. Hang on. I'm on the phone. Dream on. What the hell are you doing? You're quietly rema- That's not quiet enough. A blovered thing like a lion pet. Sir, our base weeps will be amazing. I'm a celebrity. Get me out of here too. It's at a 15 nights 40-s great night. It's already night so far, but celebrity can be on here. You're killing me! And the celebrities ten times better. Oh my god. We got... Hello. Hey, I'm on the go. Why did I up your back end? We've got Bernie Capel. Bernie Capel. The doctor from the left boat. Oh, for heaven's sake, he hasn't worked since he did. The stop snoring spray commercial. We've got a real hotty, Adrian Barbo. Oh my god. She's terrible. And someone I know you love. Billy Bush. Oh, I'm on the... Is that the president's annoying nephew? That's the one. Oh, for heaven's sake. You can't put him on there. And it's... come on. Dream on. Dream on. Dream on the phone. Here you go. Stop throwing! What are you making? Make it a new condense of both. What's wrong with my old condense? You should like him, shot. My shellac am shot. Oh, dude. Oh, I don't care who you have on the night, man. Or we definitely have some major toilets there, sir. Oh, oh. And let her need more. Even remas, nothing remember, Leonard need more. You're a new boss. Remas, I wasn't addressing you. Sorry, buddy. He was so stupid. Oh, my god. I'm surrounded by idiots. Hey, remas. I thought I told you to put that harmonica on your butt. Sorry, I thought he was boss. Oh, so far to the office, Remas. The poor words come and ask me. One fifty seven and five sixty Curtis Stevenson from Maddahl coming up next time magazine says this week, new abuse charges. Could the abuse of prisoners in a rack of gun beyond the beatings and sexual Immulation already alleged? What I say? Unreleased classified parts of the report on prison abuse from Major General Anthony Taguba, who ain't never been in Cuba, which were right to time contained indications of his treatment of female prisoners in a February 21st, St. Matuta, Cuba, Lieutenant Colonel Steven L. Jordan former head of the Abu Ghara, Reb interrogation center, said he had received reports that the remembers that the military intelligence community that had come over and done a late night interrogation of two female detainees last October. You know how those late night interrogations go on to? No, how do they go? Rough. Oh, according to a statement by Jordan's boss, Colonel Thomas Papas, no relation to a former Orioles pitcher milk papas, three interrogators were later said in for violations of military law. They're handling of the two females, eight seventeen and eighteen. Senator on services committee investigators are probing, with the two women were sexually abused, the Pentagon declined to come out of course. Meanwhile, a class action filed a California and behave a former detainees raises the specter of brutal, brutal physical abuse. One plaintiff identified only as nice if claims that actually was taken from his home on the outskirts of Baghdad last November and sent to Abu Ghara. Americans made him disrobed and attacked electrical wires to his genitals. He claims he was shot three times, although a vain in his penis ruptured, and he had blooded his urine so much that even Josh Bechable looked at it, he says he was refused medical attention. In another session, nice of claims he was held down by two men while uniform woman forced him to have sex with her. I was crying, said, Nasev 28. I could relate to that. I felt like my whole manhood was gone. The class action also claimed that detainees were raped at it in prison. On June 6, Nasev was released after yesterday's incident told him. He says that he had been wrongly accused by informants. A US military spokesman in Baghdad confirmed that a prisoner would not set off to be arrested on that date and time is obtained to copy his release order, but the Pentagon would not come out on specific of his genitals and the Yadiya. And his ruptured penis. That will show these terrorists that to do that. Okay, here's the result of our poll so far. I thought this one would go over better. The first one went over like a lead balloon, but that's the way it goes like a pregnant pole of altering July. Ever been to Harvey's, by the way? Harvey? Is that a Canadian burger place or is it, you know, Harvey? I don't have a car toons. Is it not a little looloo? Anyway, what famous female living or dead is the most overrated as to look. Sarah Jessica Parker as predicted you can't hold a good bitch down. 106 Madonna 80, Paris, Hilton 73, Julia Robert 62, Marles Street 31, Renee Zellberger 29, Nicole Kidman 16, Marilyn Monroe 14, Pam Anderson 10, Maria Schreiber, No chin, Maria 9, she's a skank. Sandra Bullock 9, every time this happens, really, a friend's me personal. She's cutesy. What's wrong? So she's a little too cutesy, but she's cutesy. Cameron D.A.S. 4, Halle Berry 3, Glenn Kidkett even close to. And none, zero for Nancy Grace and Amber Smith at a 440. It's to be to bear with this. Curtis Davidson is a sit and buy next and listen. Let me tell you one thing, Gellby, you better watch it. He's starting all kinds of crap into building. He is going to be the odd child out here in town. I love eating nuts. I love eating nuts. I eat grapes, I'm a grape either.