8. It's Howard. Howard David. Oh, right. Your positions, it's late because John Kerry is up to two years' age. It's all questions of sublimation of guard that might lead your breath. You, he's in charge of all four. That's for you to say you're not a W.O.L. And you can't prove your name. W.O.L.L.L. Oh, what a funny thing to me with Kerry in mind. Where you were in that one year's time. You partyed in your place. W.O.L.L. And Daddy of New Zoey. W.O.L.L.L.L. Just you don't let go of me. With a story that's real. You might burn back over here. I'm real. No. I'm a guy with rent. I'm 22 with 56. You're doing this. This is unbelievable. This is our earliest during bailout so far. We'll call it no, not really. When we brought that. Friday. Friday wasn't a bailout. Friday was a wall. Different story, Mr. It blew whatever it was. Is that really? Yeah. You built a 10, 10, 10, 14 on Friday? I see. Like I was racing. So all the time that we're losing during some days. We make it up with like mixed in match. Sure. Change the subject. That's what the Bush might do. Then of course, carries getting sucked right into a nice going. Scary. Here's an A-wall president and a draft dodging vice president. And the two of them are like challenging. The war hero's war record. And we're rehashing Vietnam 30 years later. Brilliant. Nice going. And a public saying, oh yeah. Oh yeah. And that's right. Well, 1264 votes on Georgia's pull of yesterday. What's the most embarrassing thing you could admit? You left off here for a very important one. So listen to Ron and Paul. You know, no one called that in. Well, they should have. Well, that's probably because nobody wants to. There are no. Listen. Oh, then not now. Not now. Your idea the next book they want hit a three share and man, not a chance. You're done. You're toast. Oh, sorry. Speaking of that, don't forget next. What's what they September one? Wednesday. Next Wednesday, week from tomorrow. Starts 790 sports. We're going to promote the hell out of them. Are we over? Those are good buddy on there. Good guy. Joe got screwed over over and over it. Man, you talk about a massacist. Have you ever seen anything like it in your life? The same person got screwed over. Even Kathy will. It's never got screwed as many times by the same person as the Joe rose got screwed over by Greg Reed. Lied to and strong along and not paid and fired and then not fired and number that. God tells me he's really angry. No, you can't leave your fired. But stay on the air. Tom, ready to put something else on. Poor Joe. So only hope he on there. Of course, our close personal friend still gots. Right. And the room around the building is that the Clarence is still going to be programming the guest on these two gots. So even though there are hated and reviled competitive over there on 790. And didn't we just farm out some. A Marlon game or something. What do we have on? Yeah, we had the Marlon game on because it often exhibition is game. 17. Nothing was at the final score. My right. That's right. Alan burusing to a girls team. No less. But it's only an exhibition is game. Well, this is great. We actually can get the breaks in the next half hour. Oh yeah. Take a turn. And you folks out there don't count on this happening to. Okay. You talk to you if I can see that. And so. What is that Olympic thing? The coxless. What is that? A good. A good. You tell your badminton again. No. Do you have a pair of something like that? I really don't know what you're talking about. Yeah, you do. I don't. Yeah. I don't. I don't. I did trust me. It's a ruined thing. Oh, oh, oh, that. Yeah. Yeah. 264 votes on a poll. The most embarrassing thing. Having a small penis. I certainly raised my hand of that. 184. That's so embarrassing. Well, you know, this business about. Wow. And I'm hung like a moose. Big deal. So that you are born with that. What did you do? I'm not going to get into that. You could have taken one of those pills. Having a small penis on your 94. Of course, that's all relative. I don't know how to pick up women 145. I'm batting two for two so far. Yeah. I don't want to like that. No. I like she me. I was 136. Sorry. I'm still voting where public can't have been 27. See my luck ran out. I like very manalo 89. I'm getting cold. Liking older women 74. Now watch America Idol 66. I'm a trekkies 60. I'm gay 54. Now I'm starting to heat it up again. I love fat chicks 51. New voting for Ralph Nader 48. I watched Oprah 37. Liking freestyle music 37. What is freestyle music? I don't want to sound like it. Hit it down. It's like old school dance music. But that was something. I see. Oh. I mean, my bacon. All right. So embarrassing. I made this. Oh. I made my bacon. All right. I'm just saying I made this. I'm a batch here. We got some hoes bacon today. Good. We're just cooking up a storm. I don't have it. We reached out on music 37. I like Michael Bolton 37. No real man likes Michael Bolton even. I don't. No human. I like so. Papa 33. Now I'm warming up again. At least as far as guiding light and passions. And the demo Olympics manos. Coxless guys. They're preempting preempted passions for two quick and weeks with that. I'm going to put your crap. And I thought they already. I thought they already had first of all. They got to gay Olympics. So this whole summer Olympics ought to be pre uh just thrown out. And number two don't they have a handy crap Olympics? Yeah. Yes. They do. So often they have this wheelchair event the other day. Those people are especially. I see. Oh, the special Olympics is for special uh that's right. And these are for crips who are not special. I carry women 32. I've never been out of South Florida 18. That is scary. That is. That should be way up the list. Can you imagine that? I don't have to imagine it. That's not how that is just terrifying to me. And I'm afraid that we got a lot of people in that category. I like armpits 15. Armpits. Somebody called that is? They like armpits. I see. And I like to smell a feet to live in. Somebody called that into. What about the smell of your own navel? Ew, that's like a butt. No. Your navel smells like your butt. Well, I don't know what that is. I don't know. Holy crap. I shouldn't have said that. You get out in here. Navel's use man. Oh yeah. Navel jelly. Just ask Josh Friedman. He'll tell you. So that's your virtual premiere today. I got a great facts. Really good one. We'll get to momentarily. Almost be like we got a real show here today. And I'm not three and a half to three hours and 40 minutes. I'm going to go with it with all this time. Man, I don't either. Probably play a lot of music. But behind the being incurred today, we got to rena'm Merrow also known. As Sabel correct. That's your one-time note. A picture we got there on the website is a hell of a lot better than this one on her bio. Man, this is you looks nasty. You'll only get the good stuff. Reena Merrow is born August 8, 1968, which makes her a 30 or six. Good picture. In Jacksonville, Florida has rena Greek. She's in the Greek. I'm about that. She's the second oldest of four children growing up demonstrated great interest in athletics and viving herself in soft balls. Horseback riding and gymnastics. And a scum she started entering beauty contest where she won her very first one. How do you like that? During the six years that she might all rena work for classes, as guests, jeans, vongo, Pepsi, laurel, etc. Kind of a bio was this, etc. Them two. In 93 she made Mark Merrow. She went out to dinner with some girlfriends and later in the evening got a note from Mark who was sitting another table with some of his friends and I said, do you like me? Yes or no, a circle one. How's the great approach? Yeah. Reena waited thinking about it for 20 minutes and finally wrote, maybe in circle that, hey, for Mark, I didn't know how to pick up women there. You go. Yeah. Mark then came over to the table and started talking to her. They married in 94, Mark adopted Reena's daughter, Mariah. Do I understand as a real pariah? Reena Merrow landed several guests starring role such as, first wave, Rella Connor and hosting shows on MTV VH1. Also appeared on numerous talks, as included in the tonight's show, Larry King Live, Regis and Kathy Lee, Roseanne, politically incorrect, and Howard Stern. How do you like that, how he? I'll be damned. Reena enjoys spending time with the family in Orlando, and believe it or not, she's a domesticated woman likes to cook and clean. Also likes reading and writing horses for their daughter. Kind of like Linda Blair and the exes, remember she wanted a horse? Yeah, never that? Yes. And have you seen an exes to the prequel? No, but leader. But leader reviews are bad. Are they? From people who are not. But it's making big bucks to the box office. It used to be back in the day. It used to be as a movie good or bad or mediocre or great or crap. And now it's who is leading at the box office, you know? Right. That's where it's saying. Which who gives a crap about that? That's like saying, well, who's selling the most burgers? All my dolls will they must be the very best? I'm going to go right here. I'm going to rush right out and get some. I don't think so. Here's our poll question today on your Rogers comment. We don't want to make a whole show out of a poll because we'll get another fashion that chronic retard. Speaking of retard's, before the show today, we had the Todd Reckon screw-and-comment and do a little tap dance. A verbal tap dance. But it would put my and the answer is still. No chance and see there's one there are few people. And this business, one of particular, I don't want to mention Steve Cain, who are professional like. Guinea pigs. In other words, oh yeah, we've got this doctor. He'll give you a new nose, this doctor. Give you new penis, this doctor. Give you new kneecaps, this doctor. Give me new reckos. Mass whatever. synthetic body parts. And if my daughter-in-all-day, I don't am out into that. Never was before. I'm sure she's not going to start now. So that's that's out. Any client you've got that to get somebody else with that. synthetic body parts. Or a mess with my eyes, stuff like that. No thank you. And then Todd Reckon's in there and body. But I'm up and human screwing and putting on a full court press for me to do a spot, which there is no chance if those people paid me $50,000 every time I did their spot. And I still wouldn't do it. How do you like that? Okay. And that's the truth. So I talk about who it is, I guess not. No, I wasn't going to, but I'm just trying to torture Todd Reckon. And I just, you know, don't mess with me. If you mess with me, I'm out. That's it. Here's the poll today. What's the biggest problem with America? Now I left some obvious stuff off of it. Right. Um, like none. But how do we want to say that? But no, oh, there are no problems. There are no problems. Okay. We're perfect. There are no problems. Here's the ones I got so far we can probably add a few on here. The masses are morons. And see we could say a crappy education system, but that's a little bit too. I don't know. Stossy too specific. Yeah. The masses are morons. Is what I'm thinking. Don't, don't, don't, don't. Come on. Come on. Come on. A person who is in Inversville or there are no problems. Those are the first to five choices we got on there so far. Oh, it's speaking of self-hating facts. Those two alleged pedophiles. Right. Any porn guys in for Barredale and one shot and killed the cop? Log cabin Republicans. Are you even know that till I throw to that. No idea. In other words, it's like black's for David Duke. It's like Jews for Hitler. Log cabin Republican is same thing. Gays for Bush. Same crap. You can't. There's no such thing. If you have any brains. Self-hating facts. That's log cabin Republicans. Oh, you can't say that. Neil, I just did. So that's our pull question today. Here's the facts. I think I'm going to do the break. Because now we got we got 20 times to win and that was in the spread of that. This is this is quite a turnaround in it. Yeah. It's different. Do you think we were just getting like a tease there in the beginning. That first week maybe he was going to let go in a little overboard because of the first week we were going to see. I want to keep everybody guessing. I see. So in other words, when they're good and ready, that's it. When we get to come on. Well, thank you so much guys. Thanks. Thank you very much. Don't forget to look for the QM fan today five of the seven of staff new in the public's. Well, I sure love public's. At 9951 Miramar Park, we're staffed by the spin the view for prizes and registered to win for a dolphins patent tickets at President and take care of display. When you spend the wheel, go, dig box, dig box, come on, big bucks. That's five of the seven of public's is a McGill going to be there. We don't know. We don't know. Well, I'm sure we'll find it'll be somebody. It'll be somebody from QM will be there. Some goofy person. Now let me do the break and then we'll give this great facts. It's about a new listener reacting to Howard Stern show. Which I felt like we need to make any editorial comment, but nevertheless it's their opinion. It's one guy's opinion and probably an hour later as well. 1035 at 5.60 WDQM also thanks to my good co-strand can help her to national auto national limo. I didn't get your three emails. Can I thought he was this stiffen me? I thought he was like maybe something I said or my breath was bad last time. And come to find out his emails aren't coming through. Must be on your end, can, but I'll see whatever. Emerald co-south thought his best Asian buffet is proud of when I'll see a rival of... See him. Fest. Come in on the week. No. Let me try it again. Should I start again? I was just pausing there to let it like sink in. See you need a copy of this. That's right. That's right. That will grip. Yeah. He has to have a script. Drop a mark your lines. Emerald co-south thought his best Asian buffet is proud of. See him. Fest. Come in on the weekends and you are grilled. See him. And see him. Scampy. Cocktail. No, no, no. Cocktail. See him. Are you reading this? No. And P.L.L.E. See him. Okay, shut up. Emily. It's how it's. How it's fam. Oh my God. Why are we soaring for you now? Looks like it's like the roadside. Now, Trump's a tiny roll-mode. Barbara Bush has bought his nails and eyes full of a rice pot now. You're not going to play with him real life. He raised for three little clouds. Barbara Bush has bought his nails and eyes. And he's just me holding crap with me. And she's right for five cents. Take a trout show. And take time for a kill and a blow. I don't care if they want nobody. What's like he's married in a bowl with golden tuna, and a size and a hat. But he's down for now. And she's having a picture of her. I've been seen so many times. But Barbara Bush has bought his nails and eyes. She gave a short point and said Bush, that's why I didn't feel like he'll be rich in fat. And smell some ice outside of the stars. I'm a big man. Barbara Bush retell those nails for nine months of fat lately. Smoddy style me pie. What is that man? What is that crap? Is that aggression dressing or something? I'm rushing right to the bowl thinking about it. 1042 and 560 and WQAM. I've got another one for the pool because I don't see anybody calling him with sedercians for this pool. I think there are so many problems in total of time. What's the biggest problem with America? We've lost touch with God. We've lost touch with God. Yeah. Okay. Let's just not to say. Right on. We want to say maybe I'm not saying that well. But that's what they would say. How about the too much immorality? Or we're not godly enough. Or... Good. How do you say that? WQAM. Good morning, Neil. Yes, your bonus is this. As far as the poll goes, I think rather than adding, I think you can eliminate most and just leave two of them. People and morons in present bush. Yeah, they're there when it comes down right now. I would think so. I want to question for... And if you want to deliver more morons, it wouldn't be any president bush, but that's an understanding. That's a lot of a tourist, though. All right. I want to question for George last week and he wants to answer. I don't think you could. He's a president allowed to declare martial law on his own. Or does Congress have to look at involved? Were you? I'm sure this kind of answer to that, or neither. Because I was just that I read that a judge in the York turned down the public request to demonstrate for the Republican National Convention. Yeah. declaring that people being anarchists were sort of fightin' with me. Yeah. They should think that they're not allowed to protest during the convention and the Great Law on its social block. Because we don't know if we can handle 75,000 people there. Well, there was something happen if they get a lot of control. I would say it's nothing yet, man. No question about it, but the Great Law in Central Park, they can handle 300,000. I think it's going to be a real nasty scene myself. I could be wrong about that, but I don't know. It's going to be real ugly. Yeah, it looks like I'd say for a more... There you go. Like I'm from the movie. Okay, have a great day, pal. It's a... I don't know the answer, babe. Maybe somebody in our audience would have our student listeners? I didn't know. I don't know either, I'm not just going to make it up. Anyway, here's this facts, a new listener. Well, I better take some calls for us, right? Sure, one. Well, we got a lot of time to kill today. We're not used to this, right, about this for this. And then next week, I got to go back to that five-day-week schedule. Yeah. We're trying not to happy about it. If I had to contract the answer, it still. No chance. $100,000 is a spot I wouldn't do that. And he knows exactly what I'm talking about. And sort of, hey, I'm sure. Man, haven't I always told you? See, you disagree with me about that about those people? We're not going to say we're doing that. Sure, you're experiences. Well, believe me to them, okay? Tell me to QAM, hello. I wouldn't say you knew. Your last call was right. But how we got there with community and... Too much bush was... Too much wealth, not enough work. Too much wealth. How about bandwork? Work ethic? Well, yeah, yeah. But that actually... That includes the poor statistic, you know, can't afford to pay attention, you know? Like, I'm referring to, you know, all this money that just... Been handed out from generation to generation, that just... It just corrupts us and, you know, As a country, we're losing track of what's important and what's real. Okay, what's real? Do you say Israel? I think it's a good way to say... Oh, hey, okay, get out of here. How do you say what he's saying? Lack of... Lack of direction? No, I think he was ripping onto the welfare system is what I got from him. No, that's not what he was saying. Not enough work because of people that just take money and not do it any work. Stuff like that. Okay, people are lazy. All right. But I thought I had it, okay, bandwork ethics. I like yours. Yeah, bandwork ethics. I mean, it sounds a little bit more than just saying, People are lazy, slabs. Which is it? People go on a work. I don't want to single out any groups of people, but there are lots of people just don't want to work, man. But besides me and you and me, give me a give me give me give me give me give me. And we work our asses off and they're paying the masses out there. And we're not here all the way to hours and ages because of my choice. That was so we could make way for the akin of all hype. Larry King? No. Oh, Elvis. A new listener reacted to the Howard Stern Show. Here's this first back to the morning. Although I better take a few calls. Hey, listen, I had... This caught me off guard today. Three hours and 40 minutes. Who the hell are you, kid? Yeah, I tried 10 to 10. Talk about getting caught off guard. 10 to 10 sounds good to me. 10 to 10, till 10. WQAM, hello. Hi, I'd like to introduce the poll. Go ahead. Okay, I'd like to say that we've gone to self-centered. And I believe it's our trickle show. So, let's do it. Great, good. That's beautiful. I've been to Bill Sandor with a group of that. Have you seen the new spots with Bill Schatter and Leonard Nimoy? No, I haven't. You haven't? Oh, they're great. We're at Leonard's kind of like taking over a Bill Schatter's character. Bill Schatter is like found a whole new, like being a professional goofball. A whole bunch of people. Not to mention, of course, they'd great music. WQAM, hello. All right. Yes, sir. What is it? I'm putting it on. Dollar. Give me a phone, pal. Your phone blows. 560560, the first votes we've gone on here in the kitty glance, lied so far. The biggest problem with America is the masses are morons, 48. A president who is an imbicil, 46. Too many fat people, six. Too many guns, five. Bad work ethic, one. We've lost that's with God and none there or no problems. How about, uh, I just had another one. I was so good and I just flipped right away. And who is great. Oh, I know what it is. What is it? Let me give you an audio clue. The media. Just think a new stop, the admin. How's that? The media. We don't have to, uh, I want to admit it. We don't. We can say the media sucks, which is of course, is part of the reason why the masses are morons. Right. Because they turn on the tube, they expect they're going to get some truth. And what do they get there? They've had cross-bees looking for a new liver again on CNN right now. What don't you get out of here? Huh? With onions. Yeah, and bacon, no less. And I just say to bacon, you have a lot of David Chari. I have the onions. Thank you, always. I love man. Do I love bacon, onions, God. That sounds so good. I might just go in there and cook up another bass. But I better not. Hmm. I thought onions were supposed to be so good for you. I don't think onions are covered. What I heard, right? And I eat just tons of onions. Made every kind of cook them up a cheeseburger with no butter, of course. I just smothered with onions. Man, I love onions. And you know what else I love? Shrooms. I'm not talking about the kind of salad Amsterdam. That's right. That's your territory. No, I do love mushrooms. Any kind of mushrooms? Portobello? Yes indeed. What are those other, uh, big, shaggy made mushrooms, then? Big is your name. Any kind of shrimp that you can know, think of. Except those nasty mind-altering delusional ones that I'm stood out. I'll take those for a horrible place. A new list of me, piaxed to the Howard Stern Show. After giving Howard Stern a week, I've made up my mind. It says there's nothing riveting or compelling enough about the program to mystify the excitement scandal or retention of generates. While Neon, others like him, have not let time pass them by, Stern continues to do the same boring stick talking about his relatively uninteresting life, named Ruffing and asking hotfaves to this road for the benefit of a radio audience, a radio audience. That's akin to taking a blind man to club Madonna and stuffing him in a broom closet with a hand-stive behind his back. Rob and Quivers, what's up with her? She's nothing but allowed my countless side chick who got lucky 20 years ago. The only character with the potential to conjure up for Chocolat's Arty, but we hear from him what? Three times an hour? Whatever a civil-rating sense of radio do get manufactured by the Sternsherr quickly sent to audio held by Dufus Lindsey with a hand on his button and the dump too. I never thought I'd say this, but we sure could use Mo Howard and Geldy by. At least they give Neil and Boca Brian good materials and certainly from a listener who didn't listen to morning's on QAM and still won't. How do you like that? I'm not saying that he represents a large sign of the audience out there, but maybe he does who don't know is or she. Or it? Right. I don't know. I'm sure we'll get, yeah, we'll get some more input and I'll put. I don't want to keep taking polls on Stern every day. We got bigger fish to fry than that. And I'll say it again, man, I have never ever ever, Greg. Seeing such a major development take place with so little fanfare, so there are corned-water sales holes, and that's how it about Todd Drek. I'm talking about some people that we like. And if not him. There are a lot of people out there like I said last week who haven't got a clue to Howard Stern's on this radio station, or that he's a back on the year period in the market. How do you like that? Yeah. That's what I call bringing marketing, Greg. That's what I call really getting out there and put your best foot forward or maybe sticking it right in your phone. I'll all the billboards would take and remember that. I see. Yeah, Chief Channel owns the billboards and they said, well, we don't have any available at this time. Or maybe for the next several years for you people. Yeah. That's probably just as well, you know. A Greek soldier guarding an Olympic facility in Athens has been shot that after apparently playing a game of Russian rule out with a policeman's a Kirby source to say, do you see this? No. No. Great police were questioning a policeman today and connection with a pre-doin shooting at the gates of an Olympic village hosting escorts to Olympic teams in the Matoki Parintis region of Athens. Why here that Athens is just a smelly and nasty thing. Polluted rotten filthy place. Yeah, you told me I heard that, sir. It appeared that a prank had gone wrong and not only that, you talk about people that don't like the soap. Well, you know, it's that Greek thing. They're pretty good to drop that slippery soap that you's already or leave it. It's part of their heritage, part of their culture. They're overly heritage. Yeah, this business of not taking a bat, not changing your clothes. I'm sorry, man. I'm not into it. I can't stand being around people. It's stink. It appeared that a prank had gone wrong while the pair were playing with a service revolver containing a single bullet of sources added. The 25-year-old soldier was shot in the forehead and guess what? He died? He's dead. The policeman was described as a new recruit aged 20. A second policeman who was on foot patrol with a suspect at the time of the incident was also being questioned. They met a tough key print for it that whatever it is, facility will host a mountain bike races at the end of the week. The mountain bike races, which is used again with the not too special Olympic cup wheelchair race. And the synchronized pair is diving and all of this other manufacturer, oh, and how about the beach volleyball too? It's our favorite give me a break. Women's the only one who knows the hudders and ask. Well, first of all, most of the dice, I mean, you know what I got. I almost forgot about this week. Why? Why? What do you got? From the crow this weekend. I don't know where the hell this starts on here, but you're not going to believe. He's talking about this one, a diek. All right. In about this. If Alaska is found to have a large private, should we be disqualified from the competition and strips of her metal? If the ball just found to be only a herner or hernia? What? The Romanian powerhouse legend will only grow in the sports women. Wait, what? Sorry. For argument say, let's just say it's a hernia, said jippos. This is extremely tough though, because I can't imagine how painful it would be to lift that counterweight with five or six inches of intestines, both in through your abdominal wall. Wait, lift the officials and Olympic officials will meet with Miss Lasca. This afternoon, which examined the ball. I'm so glad I remember that. I thought I was a bad reader. Oh yeah, she got to be about, yeah, but there were several great words in here in here. I like the crow, okay? He needs people to feel better about themselves, because no matter how illiterate they might be, you know, he said a whole new standard now. 560560, palm 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line, what's the biggest problem with America? How many of what we got on here so far? We got problems, baby. We got tourists. 162 votes. The masses are more on 77. A president who's in Invasville 66. Absolutely correct. Too many guns, only seven. Do you actually need to be allowed here in that? You've done that. But the brainwashed, it's the same as the religion. Oh, that's another one. Yeah. Too many religious nuts. All right. That'll do well. Huh? Well, I did it here to be on there right off the bed, but believe it to me to have to come up with half of the things for this pool. Too many religious nuts. You don't find that hardly anywhere else in the world, except maybe in the Islamic countries, like over there where they're like protecting that mosque. Is that something? Oh, you can all, blow each other's brains out. You can all do all of the Southern, but that's what a mosque, baby. You're going to get us all really pissed off. And don't mess with those aflying carpets either. It's just, and nobody wants to talk about these things. Nobody wants to say them. Oh, because you might offend somebody, God squad. You're a sense of evil, Russia's ex-crucible. On 566 AM. Hello, I'm Martha Stewart, and I'm endorsing the first candidates who offers to give me a presidential party. That would be a good thing. You know, I don't think I heard a legal idea there. Did you? No, you know. You owe me four-laterials. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Now, we probably won't even be successful, and that's pretty damn depressing. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi, I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about handcuffs. They scare the sh** out of people with intimidate them and it's giving you whatever you want. That's right, handcuffs. Think about it. Need some cash? Rub a bank. Don't have enough money for fear? All the convenience stores. Takes chips and pretzels wire at it. It's all free if you've got a handcuff. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. It's a simple solution, a life complex problem. Why have to do is wait the five days for it, and happiness is just around the corner. Now, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares? By the damn thing of the street, just buy a lot of handcuffs. It's a great alternative to working problems out and if you consider the population control. Yes, handcuffs. They just might make a fence. Moving on to one and five, 60, W.C. and we got 196 vote. Not too shabby there, right? The two tabby. I would say, what's the biggest problem in America? The masses are more rons than I need three. Boy, I certainly echo that sentiment, man. So many stupid people in so little time. A person who is an embassy will 78, that's why so many can relate to him so well. We got to play that crossing again. One that great. Too many guns. Eight, only eight. And the Sun's Ryan State. And eight that great. Too many fat people, six. The media sucks for. We've lost touch with God, three. Too many religious nuts. That's going to get going. It's only got a pair so far. That's going to zoom up there. I would, oh, I would pray. Oops, sorry. Bad work ethic. One. And there are no problems. One. That's right. That's right. So what a best in the brightest in the best is. And we got the best fast food joints. Right? All of the right. And all these things. And not all of them, but we smell pretty good compared to the rest of the world. We know that. We'll say that. That's right. America, they're two categories. I'll give you where you can't be to America with a stick. Number one. And that is food. Okay. In terms of all different kinds of ethnic cuisine. I mean, sure, the best Italian food isn't Italy. And the best German food isn't Germany. And all that. But I'm talking about in all different kinds of Chinese dishes. Right. You name it. Man, the list is there are so many great restaurants in the US of different kinds. Can't touch it. That's number one. And what was number two that I was going to say now? Come on. Let's go. Oh, and the fact that we smell pretty damn good. There's another one there. And what's that? No. There's a million area. We got that great. And I wouldn't know about that. We're having a few problems these days. We're a little thin. We're spread out there. And I'll rest for a little bit. Yeah. Well, wait till we go into Iran, baby. And Syria and Lebanon and North Korea, all of these things. Because we got a war or time president just ax him. He'll tell you. And then we're going to go and clean out Abu Ghara. Right. All that messin' that you in too. Airport. Wait to hear this from the British online sun. Oh, this is, this is very long. But we got a lot of time today. What? All of a sudden. Yeah. So this is, I don't want to get people nervous or anything like that. Or a scared. Oh, then this is Britain anyway. But it's the same in the USA. Airport Security scandal is posed. And undercover sun reporter is exposed chilling security blunders. By smuggling a fake bomb onto a jet train more than 220 British holiday makers. Anthony France used bogus references to get a job as a baggage handler. He then took the bomb on Kalaj in the hold of the Thomas Cook. 757 of Birmingham International Airport. Here is his story. A string of breathtaking security blunders allowed me to clench a job as an airport baggage handler and take a fake bomb on a packed holiday jet. I got my seven pound an hour. That's almost a 14 bucks an hour. Job at Birmingham International Airport despite providing bogus references. A false home address. Incorrect bank details and lying about my past. All of these things. All of these strings. Then incredibly I was way through a stay security checkpoint leading to the plane's luggage hold with components where the device hidden in my shoe. Could I be one of our Thomas terrorists that could have wiped that more than 220 British passengers on the Thomas Cook flight to my Yorker and thousands more on the ground below of course. Instead I can today reveal the catalog of gas which let me onboard. Birmingham International is meant to be unhyelerate after his name is one of our Katas Top UK targets. Just weeks ago in Lades of Pots of Bommets and together reports was followed by police swoop. You know I passed two crucial background text despite telling lie after lie after lie. He must have conferred with Greg read before he went there for his interview. You know Greg with that outfit of his lies be us. All of the time I was reading a text. Oh. I got my job as a baggage handler three days after answering a newspaper from avions. One of the country's biggest airport recruitment firms. I was interviewed for just 20 minutes before being taken on. I told a question or keythroborts who joked about my name. That I'd worked for two manufacturing firms for the past six years. But a simple inquiry would have shown one didn't exist and the other was an Untrading limited company. At the same time an internet search could have established my true identity as a journalist in our two seconds. I hold a press card authorized by Scotland yard and in 2001 carried out another undercover probe and Heathrow. When I told her our port authorities would carry out a police and criminal record bureau check. I assumed I'd be caught. But despite Mr. Roberts one and there are no secrets here. Police in CRB check show everything I was in. With my written reference applied for but still to arrive I completed a two day induction course was handed and airside past which let me wander around the airport's most sensitive areas. I assumed found a loophole at staff gate at 10.1 east by workers to access airside areas from the main terminal. Their employees bags were scanned and staff put through a metal detector. But all baggage handlers were issued with steel-tode cat boots which automatically set off of the detector and massed the presence of bombs or guns. And although one of the three security officers I'm doing would invariably frisk you, he never looked inside your shoes. Furthermore, searching the possessions grew more cursory the more guards you got to know. Often saw colleagues who were simply waved right on the true. One worker sparked lack of a lot of past carrying a metal life and a fork in his lunchbox. I passed through with two large bars of dense toffee in my bag but no one sought to investigate. And armed with his knowledge I went to work at 6 a.m. August 17. Video tape by Sun photographer Nigel Carrons and with the bomb components in my shoe. My device consisted of nearly 200 grams of plasticine which closely resembles the high sources of stem text, a timing device that set a wire in two batteries in a part through to an repair tree. A 200 gram bomb is half the size of that used over locker-by, the more than enough to disintegrate the 750-some which was meant to away from takeoff. Once airside I assembled my bomb and a toilet and pocketed it. One and a half hours later I was one of five baggage handlers picked up to turn around flight TCS-875K after offloading hundreds of bags with a colleague I was left alone in the rear hold. Against strict regulations while my leading hands supervisor went to collect more luggage. I was unsupervised for five minutes which enabled me to take several chilling pictures of myself with the bomb. Midians have been spent on high-tech scanning system and air force like Birmingham since locker-by, but it kind of easily blown up a plane it was shocking. Despite the incredible breach of your poor chief life-bent insistent, the safety was paramount. A spokesman said the safety and security and passenger demands our top priority and we comply with all government requirements for security. We just incompetent I guess is what he was trying to say. How do you like that? All your little chilling out there. It's kind of a chilling story for all your chilling everybody else. Now what are these specs of your sending? Stop. Huh? Just crap. Again about Bob Hamiltonist. Poor whining person who works in Magical 102.7. He wants to keep using us as a conduit, a Gary conduit, to unleash his frustrations and venom against poor Bob Hamilton to program directorate. Magical 102.7 with those fantastic oldies. Exactly. A crap. A K A. Build me a buttercup to foundations. And more build me a plan of course to rights as brothers. Yeah. It says Bob Hamilton the ASLIP states manager for Magical 102.7 has done it again. After a very popular nighttime host Tom Caminiti was forced, who used to be at the coast. Yes. Am I right? Yes. And actually somebody we like. Yes. Or somebody we like, I don't know who that is. Good guy. After a very popular nighttime host Tom Caminiti was forced to leave the station Mr. Hales and decided that broadcasting probably isn't a talent anyway. And decided to have open auditions from fans to fill the evening shift. Oh, that sounds brilliant. Sounds like something that Steve Nickel would do. He won't like it. Remember that? Talked with her again. Oh, brother. We still have it here. He won't like it. Steve Nickel program director who had a few problems of his own. He used to bring in bozos from the audience and on a weekend. Let him do a show. Just shmucks off the street. Oh, put your broadcaster. And because of the fact that everything was Neil will like it and the award like it and the old business in his mind. So the name of the show was Neil Wal-Like. And I guess he was right. It was crap. After months of hoard on air auditions on major market video, people who stand were stuck in push-rong buttons gave way to a clown. As a Eric Reed sound a like named Van Stilips was awarded a $30,000 a year with no insurance prizes and new personality. Oh, by the way, speaking of Lyric Reed, these traitor who's the new pants are announced on TV if they were plagued. Another rumor went to Columbus. He sounds just like Eric Reed talks through his TV. He's very generic. He's kind of like the Dave O'Brien of hockey. Pretty weak. And I see that rumor and the jugs make a lot of kiss his ass in the papers. Oh, he's a very professionally great the era. Terminal. Anyway, the new personality winner has to say oldies magic radio is one or two points. 7 after every song. Every song, by the way, seems to be their money, money, or unchain melody. Oh, the rights is brothers. What I tell you. Hamilton is cheap. Sbag. Now stuck with the contest winner has to figure out how to find half the audience to distance left to popular Kennedy is gone. And you think your station sucks? Well, as a matter of fact, there we do. Also, top rated former show host, Ken Held, doob shop has moved from watchies to the 90. Oh, that this is just a radio group. One, I'm always not on this vegetable time with this crap. Anybody have any idea who that is? This doob shop. How many people listen to that crap? But turn man. Tom Jika and Ed Kaplan and about to tell other people. Magic had a chance to put in back on the magic, Ken Held. But the hell to my non-stage at a recent concert, Badmout magic by saying they played 20 records. And then Hamilton and Mindy Lang were idiots. Well, he's got a couple of good points there. Do we know Mindy Lang as a guy, nor? I don't know who she is. Or I think she had her eyes done. Yeah. We can see on TV there for while doing those spots about the LASIC crap. I'll take your word for it. Yeah, Mindy Lang. I don't know where that will. I think she's a bubblehead. I don't know where's a couple more for the pool. Cost of healthcare insurance. No, there's going on. We don't want to say, how about just healthcare? Okay. Huh? Healthcare. And number two, lawyers and ridiculous lawsuits. Well, can we just say lawyers? Sure. There you go. There's a lot of problems in a one. Closer. Is there more than one? Is there just one? No problems. None of the above? Yeah. There are no problems. One. Just to be a smart ass. Probably. Probably. I guess what? If you don't have any problems, we're going to make damn sure that you've got plenty by the end of the day. At least. I've heard of that. If you've done so many hours. What up? Were you in there when that talking pony show was going on? Yeah. With screw in and Todd wrecking yours, truly. Yeah. He didn't need the new boot, but about the door and see he won't take no for answer. It's not like a normal real person. You could say no on just not going to do that. And maybe there might be a second of ten qualities. No. And then that should be the end of the conversation. Now with Todd wreck. But if you listen to me, if you give me something. No. And oh, which letter do you understand? You simple then you little quiz like you get lost. No. In fact, no matter what the question is, Todd next time the answer is, No. They always drags her in there like a term B. That's court. No matter the score, like a camouflage, like he's going to cover up the fact that he's there. You know, she's going to somehow master the fact that it has something to do with him. Whatever it is, Todd wreck the answer is absolutely positively. Oh. Right now for a little bit of time, or you can say more than ever before on top selling mattresses from our good friends at Dalamechris. Call 1-800 mattress today for extra discounts of buff and beyond. Every day low factory direct prices plus now you get an extra 10% off. Sir does perfect sleep or magnoia. And I do love that movie. Combined these savings with a Dalamechris award winning service. Rank number one, overall customer satisfaction is what is it. The 2004 Better Business Bureau local for its excellence award. There are times delivery policies. So you choose the two R1 to you. One of your mattress delivery. Do we satisfy customer just as I am. This is written as brilliantly as I've ever seen. Have a college student to need a vetting pick up that phone right now. Call 1-800 mattress. And you can get same day delivered to all major colleges and universities. For my name to name come Kendall Stewart Palm Beach before Myers. Dalamechris can and will deliver you the best vetting going. Everybody at QM is called 1-800 mattress for their vetting. You ought to be doing the same. Log on to mectris.com or give McCall right now. Tol free 1-800 mattress 1-800-MAT. TTR-ES. It's a new rush. It's a bunch of money. 1-800. 1-800. 1-800. 1-800. 1-800. Thank you. Payday. From a claim documentary filmmaker, George W. Bush comes up to a real Michael Moore and the real reason behind his invasion. He'll be in source neck. Michael Moore is a weapon of mass destruction when it comes to dang dogs and funny bones. Baron Hightes 711. Exposing the man who is becoming the most heated figure in the Arab world. My boss is cupcake display. We're bored. We're just kidding. Mr. McIntyre is standing in the fight on the board again and being powered everything. From Washington to the Middle East and every place in between that sells sling jins and pond-eye bars, we'll find a fast man with a bad beard and baseball cap held bent on controlling it all. Here once comes and to be hit to fall Michael Moore is on the wheel and I have... Baron Hightes 711. Excuse me, Congressman. We're recruiting the children of politicians to work in cleanest stores. Michael Moore comes in with a hangover for 20s. Sir, please come back in one second. Baron Hightes 711. Now showing 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 11. I see it 5. 60. W. So one of our sales holes were not talking to the record. Now we're talking about fat boy. Hi, how are you? Hey, man, this morning and told me that he had 3 TIAs in like, what was it in about a 24 hour period? Like that, yeah. You know, something like that. 3 or minor strokes. You know what? You know what? You know what that generally means? Yeah. That was this before after he was like eating something that how he's that you guys had in there. He's not on the how he's even probably calls for them himself from that side of the building. Stop eating, you fact disgusting. And I asked him what kind of flowers he wants on his tombstone. No question about it. In fact, you know what kind of pizza he wants delivered? No. Tombstone pizza. It was white flowers. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Oh man. Well, it might as well laugh about it because you know the deal. Yeah, I do can't help. Grotto's helping. Right. The fat people are the good people and the fat people are the dead people and he's going to be very soon. Okay, that's our prediction. In fact, let's take up an office full on the day and the time that fat boy finally just right. Which is a lot of the time. Well, he's alive and that's not a big idea. Right. That's not a big idea. This is an idealistic way of talking about our poor and about how many stupid people are. I can't understand it. I mean is it just me? Don't you have a difficult time understanding that the poor are even as close? Please. If a recent poor holds true. Florida could have Americans biting their nails again. As votes are counted in November's presidential election. To the problem being that there are two of them people more concerned about their the election and that possibly what it is? Yeah. President Bush in his Democratic-Chancellor John Kerry of Massachusetts each received support from 45 percent of respondents in the brand new CNN USA today, California registered Florida voters. Ralph Nader, a new people on vote for Nader, I'm going to say we're going to come to your house and we're going to appear in your current place and tell them that right now. You're going to do bodily damage to you stubborn fools, you morons. They're just like him. They're just like him. No matter what there is absolutely nothing that's going to happen that will cause him to withdraw and get out of the race. Later. Don't confuse him with the facts. You talk about mammoth ego. We got to do that ego pull again pretty soon. Yeah, we do. Including somebody's on the station in the morning now. Ralph Nader, whom may appear on the Florida ballot as it would be form party candidate, do the support of 3% in the pool, conducted between Friday and Sunday this past weekend. With 27 electoral votes, one of the elections top prizes, as we well know. Ahana bababa bababa, this is an echoes on about what we know, the chads. Nader won 2.7% of the national vote, placing them in third, but many Democrats blame him for separating off votes in key states, especially Florida that would have gone down to Al Gore, we know would have been too lapsided to be able to fix the election. Although the country has since seen the terrorist attacks of 9.11-2010, the war in Iraq, the political division among Florida voters has apparently changed very little. Don't confuse Florida voters with the facts. Even Hurricane Charlie, sorry Charlie, which brought billions of dollars worth of nation to Florida August 13, hasn't shifted voters' opinions on the presidential race. 70% of respondents said they approve of, but oh god, oh how he responded to the disaster. That's 10 points higher than somebody has rated his father's response to Andrew in 1992, and 76% said they approve of his fat ass brother, Jeff Bush, how he's handled the states relief efforts. Well that's a pretty narrow question, isn't it? You think that unless you live in part, and by the way can I tell you something you idiots see, and it's not punta gordo, okay? It's not punta gordo, it's punta gordo, how the how do you pronounce it? It's not punta gordo. They even had a guy who only explained that it looks like punta gordo in his manual, but it's punta gordo, is how they pronounce it. Now they got me confused. Punta gordo, you morons, you're supposed to be educated, you're supposed to be like telling a man's word to hell and say, where to find it. Punta gordo, just drop back 10 yards and put punta. Punta gordo, okay. Anyway, these high marks were as we sponsored the hurricane. Don't appear to have Bush's reelection bid is a part of my registered voters, drop for a point between the most recent poll and the one taking image you lie, well that's good. The poll also shows a dead heat between Bush and Kerry when the 671 likely voters were questioned. Although it's within the Bush 48, Kerry 46 and later 2% in that survey, the likely voters. I'm going to tell you one thing right now, while you write winners, while you log cabin Republicans in other right wing for a visitor. I'm telling you, right this now, we're going to round up more Schwarz who's on election day and you're not going to stop from voting either, okay? We're going to knock down a- Let us in. Let us in. We're going to just take a page out of those right wingers book from 2000. Yeah. We're going to have people we're going to have dead people voting. We're going to have dark people vote. We're going to have Malado voting. We're going to have like Mexicans voting. We're going to illegal aliens voting. Legal aliens. But animal people who are crazy about Cuba. Right? Right. All of these things. This is- I'm telling you right now, that man wins again. I'm moving to Canada. Okay? All right. If the Bush might still wins again, I just can't even imagine. And let's see if we're blocking. Speaking of an erotic repetition, since Florida continues being as incompetent as they come as we want to be. We like it. We enjoy. We'll remasicous. That's why you give a lot of you talk about. Yeah. Tom Beach County's absentee ballot points voters to confuse him, some say. Jim Kimt, shuttered when he saw Tom Beach County's absentee ballot, people aren't going to understand it. How come Teresa LaPore still got a job? I don't know. It took an act of God, practically, to get rid of myriam elephant. And she keeps doing everybody that ever came down the pike. But they find a guy with her stupid ass. But in Tom Beach County, Teresa LaPore is back for more. Oh, man. People are not going to understand this. He said the ballot was since the first people are connected. Arrow to vote for the candidate of their choice. It's going to be a mess again. From the butterfly valve to the broken arrow, supervisor of lessons to resell a poor that miserable idiotic bitch is setting up the county for another election. Meltdown potentially said the Delray Beach Retari. Oh, who was communications director for Children's Hospital in Miami. And communications first list for Palm Beach County School District. Camping of this wonder while a poor had a complicated matters by using the broken arrow. When voters could simply be asked to fill on the circle to indicate their vote known as bubbling in. People have to bubble in a lot of things today. But I've never seen where you have to connect an arrow he said. Then he dint. Martin County's deputy supervisor of lessons agreed. I just tell people it's like filling in a lot of card and they get a right away. She said Palm Beach County is the only county in South Florida Waves and the voters rest to connect the arrow next to a candidate's name. Instead of just filling in a bubble. They had Howard Martin say Lucy County's now all eyes voters to bubble in just filling that little just bubble it. LePort defense the arrow meant that if I do circles, they complain about the circle she said. She after the use the arrow format after the test showed it was easier for voters she said. Indian River County supervisor of lessons K claim former president of the Florida Association of Lexington supervisors and students who did the same reason. But some who study voting behavior say the arrows aren't easier for voters. They are easier to read graphical scanners which used to count the FcB ballots. So they will confuse the scanners that just confused the voters. And we'll have another mess and then we can go through another hand-ringing got wrenching all that crap. And the judge can take his eye out of the socket and stick it up to the sky. You're a huge loser. I'm 560. A QA. Guys listen up. Summers winding down and I know you're looking for a place to unwind. Well it doesn't get any better than the world famous treasur island. Conveniently located right off the palm at o north of the 120 second street exit. They bear it all for you. Every week. We can bring you the most beautiful women from around the world. Their multi-stage layout provides three to four live totally new female dancers at the same time. So you've got a great view from anywhere in the club. There's a daily happy hour with a free buffet and discounted drinks. Join me every Wednesday from 5 to 7 for a great happy hour party. We'll have giveaways, loads of fun and great dancers. Plus this week is special. Come see Stephanie Evans who's appeared on the Howard Stern Show live on stage. Stephanie's ping pong ball stunt will amaze you. You'll want to be there one day from 5 to 7 to be part of it all. Every Sunday night bring your girl to treasur island to compete in their amateur contest at midnight. She can win $1,000 in cash and prizes. Don't just take my word for it. Maxim Agazine chose treasur island is Miami's best strip club. So make plans to join me and the rest of the crew. Every Wednesday at treasur island. Open seven days from noon till 5 a.m. Treasur island. Just off the palm at o north of 120 second street. Treasur island where they bear it all for you. The first day of the day is the school's wheel of my six hundred. I am a few a.m. I stand in front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while. I'm a little slow learner but Neil I apologize. It's way deal. You are the truth. The sound is out of the big. Oh, what's that stand for? What does it know? That's just short for Orlando Bloom. You don't look here, ain't you? No. No. No. Now Neil's going to rip me for four hours. I've been asking this as strict confidence. But in case you want to run away here, Joe got to stand in Joe got to stand in. I'm a little slow. Maybe we should take this call from our special guest Roberto L'Ongo. Hi everybody. You know what I'm about to point to the pierce is now? I do that squeaky boy's guy that goes far all the time. Oh, but I have a few guts to need to use the guitar down another show. That's not me. I have children, you know. Do you have a funny name? What did you say? What did you say? What did you say? What did you say? We can get into that right now. Don't reveal it. You don't reveal it. I don't want to walk in my pocket just give me any. I don't want to crush you. I'm sitting at Joe Roastart's next Wednesday on time though. If they would send us a schedule there from the brand we asked PN, the ticket, whatever that's going to be. I'll call my head if I'm on everybody's schedule on there. I don't think it's 9 to 11. 9 to 11 in the evening. Otherwise he's going to be out against us for, right? We're not on the right. We're not on the right. That's right. Joe Roast can be our lead in again. That's good idea for those who are not of a Howard Barani. I'll be Garden Howard Barani. Anything else, Robin? Yeah, I'll find something here. This fact that you just sent me from Andy Courage. This is just unbelievable. Our radius. Absolutely clear. That is crazy. Huh? No one ever saw that coming. Yeah, now we're there. Point ones in other words, what's the point? Because all you classical music people out there that are too cheap to go out and buy a CD. Anything? I mean, they're always, you know, well, we're intellectual. We're much as snobbs, just basically we're able to boils down to. And we're, you know, all above the rest. So as a result, you think that those people are got a few bucks. They can go out and get a CD up player in their car and in their home and things like that. So they can listen to it. Because first of all, who wants to listen to classical music on the radio in a first place, right? Old cheap people. Old cheap bastards, which of course is most of software. Oh, hey. So anyway, here's the bad news. Classical 1360 announces programming shifts. WKAT. Boy, let's see how many years has it now, 28 and a half. Since I marched first, 1976, inside they viewed on WKAT. And I mean, catch the cat. Then Russell Craig Warding Jim Altney's dead. I think. Who else? Artsmith. He was the engineer. He's dead. Harry Barry. He's dead. Art. I mentioned Artsmith. A lot of dead people. Sonning Hirsch. He's dead. Gene. Who is the other sports guy? Gene somebody. Rather, he was a jerk. And then what about Mark F. Forcedor? The sales guy. Remember his kid called in that time? Yeah. I sure hope that Mark is still alive in Papa and Pills. He was good guy. He was his nervous. You know, like a lot of sales people. He's a really nervous type. Bob Allen, the sales manager from WKAT. He's dead. He won't be shooting anymore than Notre Dame baskets. That's just good at task. He liked to shoot the basket. Anyway, here's the bad news for you. Classical music mayvans out there. All 60 of you. I'm sorry. I'm exaggerating. Not 30 of you who've been listening to a Classical music. And I scratch you. Horrible. I am signal at the gut. See how many thought when I got that job at KT, I was in the Miami and the South Florida market. I didn't realize that unless you lived with in 10 miles of the transmitter, whether on Bay Road, I'll fall in. Nobody could hear the station. Very bad signal. Do the changes in marketing conditions in our desire to keep classical music in our community. The ownership of WKAT, AAM is decided to sell long form broker programming each week a weekend morning until noon. We want you to know that we're doing this in order to keep classical radio on the air. It says Andy Corge, who's a real asshole. Remember him from passion? Sure. Since while you liked him, I never went neither way. Who is the black sales guy from a passion? Was that that would not be in best. Best was if the WNWS, was it black? Huh? Dan Trotton. Was that his name? Yes. Trowser trout? That's him. Since the beginning of this year, the advertising business on Classical 13, 60s has been poorer. We've worked very hard over the past few years to make it work as a 24-7 classical music radio station, but unfortunately, revenues have decreased. In other words, I'm dying out of the hair. Then an August, Watchee AAM, a Jefferson pilot radio station, leased their station, forcing all of their broker clients to look for a new home for their programs. The logical thing to do would be to broker all of our program, or commit their classical music programming. It decided to only benefit from this change in the market by brokering the mornings. This way, we can still provide 17 to 18 hours a day of scratchy sounding classical music programs that are horrible, marginal signal, while getting our business in order by increasing revenue quickly through the brokerage of the mornings. I know this may not be the legging of our many classical music listeners. I'm not a true man, but it is essential for us to do this order to get in our business in order. And at the end of the day, if there's one thing I can't stay at this people that have one of my least favorite cliches at the end of the day. You know who likes to say that? At the end of the day? You're close personal off-friend, Miss Tanner, likes to say that at the end of the day. Oh, that's what she says. I think she, how come we didn't have our little, we had Clarence in there for a few minutes this morning, much too long. I'll order him always pay day thanks clearance. It didn't have Duff. He's very busy in the morning these days. No time. No time. And at the end of the day, the station is a business, much more respectable returns and records the general manager of sometimes classical KAT. Without that, we need to assess the viability of classical radio as a business for KAT. We believe that with this formula of broker mortings and fine classical scratchy music, if there was today in the evening, we can have a very viable business and keep classical radio life or community at the only choice we have. And of course, remember the way Cox broadcasting lied through their teeth when they bought WDTMI? And Bob Green was spouting all we're going to do everything we can and to keep the classical music gone, of course, boom, by the being, by the boom, and it was gone before you know it. And it is not with the one that became party radio. That is what a piece of crap. Once again, we know that this may not be the liking of our many listeners, but at this point, the only other alternative that being a complete format change is something we do not want to consider as Andy. We're committed to keeping classical music on the radio for a set of footwear, hoping that you're committed as our loyal listeners and friends. In fact, it says you are a few listeners and you probably should be committed. To continue the support this station by staying tuned in and frequenting our advertisers, without this, that this season we may have to make regarding the future or a station may not be a pleasant one. And certainly, the season that we want to avoid, everyone at classical 13, 60 appreciates your consideration and thanks. Now, this is a like, like, press rest. Are you clicking me? Yeah, in other words, if you all listen, then we're going to have to dry in here. No, it's just a matter of time. It's a paper that I get sponsors. How big are you? You have to listen and go buy a lot of crap at our sponsors. Right, and of course you have to advertise on KAT and subsidize their classical music craft that 45 pseudo-inlectuals who are too cheap to buy a CD player are listening to. Without this, it may be not a pleasant one. All brothers, they transfer in as a pane of glass and it's a pane in the yes. Somebody cares Andy, okay, but it comes in good time. Where did that come from? Obviously, somebody who works on this. Or somebody used to work in the business and I was over there at KAT. By the way, thanks again, Sid Levin, you're a man. Sid Levin, former general manager, former day-county commissioner, no less. Did I tell you all about that dinner we had at Ruth Chris with Craig wording and Sid Levin about how Craig notably ate all his food, but half a mine and some of the leftovers from the previous table? Yes, you have it. I did. He's okay, my book, Sid Levin. He's a lot of gaming, my big break. Thank you, Sid. Without you, I could be pulled off this scam. Here's Cheryl and Indian River County. I voted an Indian River County absentee, so Cheryl, I connected the arrows without much confusion, but I really felt like a first grader in art class. The worst part was using a number two pencil, a pencil as per the instructions. Yeah, well, why would they do it in pencil? Kind of like the Hughham programming schedule. That's those card readers, you know, like when you take your test. You need a number of two pencils. Yeah, maybe do number two. The other envelope had my name address and party affiliation on the return address sticker, how convenient to think my mobile count? Probably not sure. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Especially, Andy River County. Only the Bush people get to vote in the Indian River. Here are the things that you'll rush for, and Neil Ruggler. Oh, I like it, I'll be telling you I love it. Why I can't be called ainer. Now you're the boy that's taking things to the world. That's the answer to the reality of the Bible, the Bible. That no one around you's gone up this hill. That the guy that's not just little too old up. I don't know who you're going home to be. Why I can't be called ainer. Why I can't be called ainer. Why do I get to the end of the Bible? Why do I get to the end of the Bible? No, I see some baby. I see on the scale of minus infinity. There ain't no chance. I'll get to the end of the Bible. Anybody care? No. I can't be called ainer. Fourteen, go down. So when I went to a square in this morning, I just think about it. Remember I told you that time I'm walking in the streets of Amsterdam, and where these rusted Rugglers gives me this crap. Goat and I said, I'm not interested. Get away because you get bugging me. And he said, why not? Well, that just sticks in my mind. You know, I was kind of interested in coming back. Why not? An interested in shmuck? And it was the same thing this morning with a square and try to sum me on that leicic eye thing, you know? Why not? For why not? It's a very simple procedure everybody's doing it. Well great. I still see a lot of people with glasses. Don't you? All the time. I see all the just Ziggins of people with glasses. And I'm sure it's a fine thing. Kevin Wallace won nine races at Windsor Raceway Sunday. And probably because he's got the elicic couple years ago. And you can see where he's going now. I just mentioned that in passing. But you know, why not? Why don't you want somebody cutting on your body parts and diddling with your eyes? Because I don't. That's all. Do I have a, oh, her an explanation that bitch that's smelling nasty slut? I don't think so. Anyway, how's that pull coming on so glad you asked? He got me really worked up this morning because she didn't want to take no for an answer. See Todd recorder. They think that if she comes waltz it in their hand and hand with him that no matter what on acceptable crap that he wants me to do, I'll say, oh sure, screw on whatever you want, bitch. Not this time. Why better not be picking on her too much. I'll get suspended. You know what I mean? Yeah. I want to pick on Brazil girlfriends because then you get suspended. I want to what happens when you pick on raise new girlfriend. Anyway, what's the biggest problem with America's our pull question today? We got four hundred and one votes already. That's not too bad, huh? And then I want to have. That's about. That would be somebody I've heard listening now. Mom, I mean, the fact see this thing would stern. Believe you, I want you people to understand. Make no mistake about it. We are ecstatic. We support the Howard steering show through a million percent. Not because we like it. Not because we listen to it, not because it's for us, but because it makes our life I have a lot easier. Show it a lot, lot, lot less work. In fact, that 10, 20 this morning. That probably won't happen again for a long time. In fact, it better not. It's just not a good idea. Huh? Better you than me. Right. So we just want you to understand. But in terms of the audience, man, it's just, you talk about jerk in the audience around. It's just a great way to show nothing but contempt and disregard for the lower earlier Rogers audience. We've made it millions and dollars these last seven years. But that's okay. Just keep that in mind. What's the biggest problem in America? The masses are morons, 162. I guess we could have said the masses are asses. But then again, that would be bad. We don't want to say that. Let them ass you. Never want to talk about it. 162 morons. A president who's an imbicill 132 sounds like a good fit to me. Too many religious nuts. I told you that it moved up 36. The media sucks 17. Too many guns only 17. Now that doesn't just bother you. The fact that there are so few people who understand that. And probably because there are so few people who have ever been to civilized places where people aren't all like armed to the teeth and run around shooting each other. Not okay. Oh. We've lost touch with God. 11. Told you that would do okay. The God's squad. We've lost touch with the Lord. We have to get back with the Lord. We're a bunch of immoral perverts. Lawyer is nine. Bad work ethic seven. Too many fat people seven. Health care for and there are no problems that one idiot who's just being a hard ass. Too many fat people. You notice that everybody in there brother now is. This is a big deal. Oh, look at this. It used to be 30% were overweight obese. And then it was 40 and 50 and now everybody's talking about it. Everybody is low carbon. Everybody is acting in. Everybody is a Susan Stumber rising. Everybody is a South Beach dieting. And we're getting fat and fat. And fat or the most people are I'm not. I'm like one 87. That's not too bad for very good. Huh? Better than 199 and a half. Yeah. I'm kind of at the moment holding my own if you get my drift. So anyway, but that story to guy. I don't know. I'm on a roll here. I'm taking a lot of stories and not too many calls because it's one of those real days to get to say something. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Oh, I. WQAM. Hello. Right there. See this one right to take a couple of these super call great calls. WQAM. Yeah, the morning. I like to speak to me. Speaking. With me? Yes it is. I'm doing. I'm doing great. I was going out with a Volkswagen and I want to go for something. Okay. Okay. Oh, when you're people, maybe one of your young people. He's probably in sweet water. He's not a kind of sweet to me. 5. 6705. 6. The only AT&T in Verizon line. Don't forget looking at QMV and 85 to 70. Publix in Miramar. 951 Miramar Parkway. No less. Stop by to spin that QMVL for prizes and register to win a pair of dolphin titan tickets that present a beer display. Your Miami dolphins. Boy, it's going to be ugly. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. I think the problem is nothing. I don't expect for people. They added two to this thing. No respect. No respect. Okay. Rodney Vangerfield calling with a bad phone divorce. Lackery's back. How do you like that? Is that okay? We'll do it. Lackery's back for others. That sounds so good. He too. That's good. Lackery's back for each other. That's good. Especially in South Florida. This city has three. We hate you. We hate you. WQAM. Hello. How are you, sir? We don't want to get too personal. Can't spend it on the year longer. WQAM. Good afternoon. Good morning, Neil. Good evening, T.S. How are you doing? Good evening. A great day. Are you on Toronto today? I'm somewhere. I'm right here in my office. It's a pleasure to hear your voice. You're a great job. You're a great job. This is the year that George is coming to his own man. You're a great. He's great. He talks about kind of smack his face. It's not funny. You're a great day Neil. Great to hear you. Okay, see you. These people lack like you're at least needed. I'm almost never around. That's right. This is the last week for this time. At least I'm around once in a while. Like Tom Jick who says that I'm in a touch because I'm in Toronto. And he's a little Tommy Jick. I said the search party out for Tommy because nobody can find him. He has written the comms and said Jesus was a baby. And here we got all the steering stuff going on. Hank is suspended animation. All of these major, major radio and media stories going on. Where's the little Tommy, huh? Nobody can find out of touch the little ball headed Tommy Jick. I've never been telling you about him last few years. He's slipping man. The Don is slipping. He used to be right on top of things. And now it's like, I don't know. It probably from Gripson to much on a year. WQA and Hello. QA and Hello. Yes sir. How you doing, my friend? I'm still doing great. Just like I was two minutes ago. You are a breath of fresh air. What can we do for you sir? What do you go? I really just wanted to call. I haven't talked in a long time. And I've been a habit listener and a big supporter for many, many years. And I just wanted to get your take on the, what do you think? Gorgon and make it or, uh, I'm going to make it man. Now go for president. Yes. Yes. Time to start. Huh? That's a time warp call. That was beautiful. 12 is the time. More easy. He's worked. That's all. He's a little excited. He's talking to a superstar. Plus RNC protests in central park going back to that guy to quote earlier about this. Representative is of an Arab American group and let me tell you, you long we had Zathir You met a cool little bit. Okay. You're starting to agree or take a lot of people. Representatives of an Arab American group in an anti-war group say they're urgently conferring with their attorneys on what step to take after a federal judge. Up. Turn down the request together when you are central park and stage a protest before they were public and national convention. The anti-war answer coalition and the National Council of Arab, Schmattahead Americans followed a lawsuit August 13 and Manhattan's U.S. District Court claiming they were unfairly not a permit by New York City's Department of Parks and Recreation for 75,000 people to attend and August 28 rally. This court cannot blind itself to the daunting security concerns facing the city during the Republican National Convention. U.S. District Judge William Pauli of the Third World Monday, no candidate, There are serious questions whether they great long can safely accommodate the proposed rally at this point, the great long. Brian Becker, a national coordinator for the answer coalition blasted New York City officials. The answer coalition, the NCAA, is not only disappointed with the ruling, Becker said, but we condemn the city for presenting to the court a completely false brief and making in court false representations, which on the face cognitive themselves. That by the way, the NCAA is not the sports thing. It's the National Council of Arab Americans for the sports and the originalist of the athletic radio station. The lawyers from New York City has said that the rally could destroy the Great Long, which was stored in 1997 to cost over $18 million as a result of the Saudi state for it. Right, they got the big bucks on them in the park. And by the way, you know what we forget to say every day on this show? What do we forget to say every day? Thank you, Mr. President for those who are over the horizon. So, that's all that seems to be, whatever we know, Roger, it's a lucid way. On five seconds, you and I. QMI before the water down. I am frail iliana russian laden. And I like scrubbing my snag reel ass with soft night from Jews. And listening to the new roll. I'm gonna eat the hour. Get out of the room. I just can't wait until Boba goes. When the whole nation should be. Got to ride on that issue. It's just a little bit of a free smoothie. Got to watch this Baba Toa. You might as well vote for me. You might as well vote for me. I've got no interest in politics. Your Baba Don't just kind of make me sick. Too bad there isn't someone else to pick. The TV might be off-tracked. It's why I'm fattening that Baba Toa. Who's this? Then no nation would choose. A lot of people say he's ruthless. He's campaigned, rhetoric through. Don't want this Baba Toa. You might as well vote for me. You might as well vote for me. I know the cliff isn't as home. And for that matter so is wrong for love. But I just cannot give a robber to all. Everybody says he's too old. That's why I'm telling you Baba Toa. Who's this? And no nation should be. You might as well vote for me. I can't believe we had a dump back. Yeah, well, what are you going to do? Then KJ, you potty mouth of all the people to be dropping a bomb in there. And a bomb, a robom. Brother. But nevertheless Bob Dold prove that he is a whole. Over the weekend, open up a big mouth, jump and I'll go to whip boat veterans and a whole. Yeah, let me say it again. You've got an egg wall president, a five-time draft dodging vice president, and they're not going to a war hero. How do you like that, John Kerry? Four-free quality. The NAWCP was organized here. He's a whimped-o. He was a war hero, but you know, somewhere along the line he lost it. Maybe that's where they blew it off. In fact, the last call or maybe he had a good point. You know, the new Al Gore, the new Mori and Vigarid Al Gore who won four, you know, here for many more. But he ought to be running right now. Now there's a good thing. I'll be in the United States of America through the mud. I'm so dumb who's saying torture, prison. Yes, he back when he was running in 2000. He had his balls all tied up in a knot. And now that he's not running for anything, all of a sudden he's ballsy and they're swinging loose and he's screaming and yelling and telling it like it is. So you got Howard Dean in Al Gore telling it like it is, and John Kerry like- The matter of fact. Yeah. Just kind of like a whimped-o-long, you know. The rumor around the U.F. report is that he actually called the Swift-Fo-Vedron one of them on Sunday night. And how come you guys don't like me in a rippamy? I mean, you talk about just getting sucked in big time badly. I got several articles about that. I'm not just- I might read it. Now that we got some time today, you know what? That's a good idea. I'm sure that our stern people are not big on these bedtime stories because most of them are really all like concerned about what's happening in the world because it's getting laid, which most of them can anyway and never will. You're going to just- I apologize in advance to doing this during the middle of lunch hour. I hope you already ate. Yeah, I had a chilly dog from how he's taking. Great. You're going to eat something serious business. You better use bull business now. Or to- Long time customers wed at guessware. Guess what we tell a establishment. You're a very favorite member. Did you see the story? No. Right. Boise Idaho. Somewhere between the junk food aisle and the automotive department pet bird and billheaves fell in love. To go to his only natural, they should marry with a magic cap and add Walmart. The much hated despised that we vile Walmart. Another hated American institution. See, I'm- besides exporting Jerry Springer and exporting McDonald's and Burger King and Pizza Hut. Now we're sporting Walmart too, you know. It never dawned on me to have it any place else to 55-year-old Bride said. Now I have no idea who she is or anything about her, but don't sound a little trailer trash at you. Well, they work at Walmart, though. Speaking of Jerry Springer. Neither Bride and a groom work at the discount, stirs to lay spend more time, though, than many employees do. Wandering the aisles and visiting friends from. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, you're gonna die. I have no luck. They spend more time than many employees do. Wandering the aisles and visiting friends from to six hours a day. Nearly every day since the store opened to years ago. Guess I told you a lot about the social activities in Boise, Idaho. They got pool tables in there, like they don't have no line, not just a bike. I talked to people and walk around for exercise and we always buy a soda or sandwich or something. 51 year old Hughes said, if we're not here, disturb people worry about us, there are family. Both of that burden bill Hughes are disabled. They meant nine years since, you know, you ought to be a little more sensitive. Well, look at the bright side. They can be calling touch at these all day. That's true. Well, they probably got through cell phone with them. They meant nine years ago when Bill was a patient at the North Idaho hospital and so was past sister. He became a good friend of mine. My sister died. We kept him in the family. She said he doesn't drive in any time he went to Walmart. I take him. They celebrated their blooming level. The ceremony Friday in Walmart's garden center. The store manager was a groom's been in a fabric to burn an employee was a meatman of honor. The garden center employee, Chuck Furrier, walked alongside Paddy. He wrote her motorized shopping cart after a makeshift aisle. Her ox's in spank and a basket. A basket of basket. Pad's tank is in the basket. And the basket. Well, they both sound real special. Who gives this woman in marriage as Stacy Garza, the free-wheeled church? Her friends and family at Walmart for a rear reply. And that a heart-wrenching stirregs? Yeah. The touching right now. They've spanned up to six hours today. Who is in the aisles at Walmart? Well, they got a little problem. I have no luck. 560, 560, pound-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvellous Line. And we got some bad schedule news here today. No mad dog. That's always bad. Of course, he's never on any way. Was he on yesterday? Yes, yes, he was. Well, there you go. No mad dog today. Well, the fact that I'm here, we don't want to overdo it. You know, we don't want to give you too much of the AT&T until after Labor Day. So we got Kim Bocaper in there today. He's been a bring that gigantic cow from the front of the university dodge. And then the Humper, of course, is still well. We've got a lot of education this week. So he's anything with a suspended vacation. We've picked it. So we got something much worse than you could ever imagine. Oh, between 4 and 630. Moll will be back tomorrow for Hank on the suspended ankle program vacation show. But today it's Joseph Gackie. Marvellous Line deck at 730. The Giants in Tadaple, tomorrow instead of the PB Park 705. And any K who just refuses to go away after the baseball game. What's the biggest problem with America? Is our pull question 491 vote? We're going to do 500 pretty soon there. You know what? All right. It's going on here. Go to show you if we actually have a show some days. We get a lot of votes on the pool. And then other days when we get on whatever they feel like it, which is good with us. We're not complaining you understand. We're ecstatic. Us to make sure that there are sons and daughters in uniform who risk their lives. Half way around the world. They're actually going to come home to a country where they have a chance to live out their dreams. And to find a good job. Well, he borders me. The biggest problem with America, the masses are morons, 193. Boy, you people are got your thumb right on it today. And a close second, a president who's inimbusio 158, 32 percent. Abugar Red, too many religious nuts, 45. Too many guns only, 20. They love their guns, man. Don't eff with their guns. Lawyers 17, the media sucks 17. That should be a lot higher than that. The media's, because the media is largely responsible for that first one. crappy education system and the media combined to make a bunch of drooling idiots. We've lost touch with God, 12. Health care 9. Too many fat people 9. Bad work ethic 8. Lackery spectra is other 5. And there are no problems that won the goofball. Probably, um, Greg Reed. There are no problems except the ones that create creates, which believe you me. He's working overtime to make up a whole bunch more. I think he may have already accomplished that. Don't you? I'm sorry, I was reading this really funny picture from about to send you. Are you reading the picture? Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We haven't taken line 9 and had somebody on there yet. Too many wallwork. I see. That was good. Too many qam. Hello. Leo. Yes sir. You don't want to house wrong with America and other things. What's wrong with American? What is this? What is this? How big are you? Where's your gamm? Put it politically. Correct. Where's your PC? Me? You're not about everybody else. It's feeling. Hey, down right. Gary needs to get tough on bush rights bill, Gallagher. I told him to read some of these articles today if it's the last thing I do in It might be. Until Thursday anyway. The next week we go back to our regular schedule, dammit. Gosh dang it. We're on every day. Of course you're going to be filling on vacations and the good news for me is that the first week in October I think like around the fifth and like that. Is it got another vacation coming in? Don't you know I haven't marked on a wall or? I don't know if we got that far ahead. I see. Well, I got my book with me and I'll have it all the way through next year. Not that I'm planning vacations far ahead. You want to write it? I don't. Anything like that? You look so. Gary needs to get tough on bush rights bill, Gallagher. Who writes in the Niagara Falls, whatever the paper is. Presidential challenge. Your John Kerry must spice up his message and he's the example of his saucy wife. Theresa. The Kerry can't fraction of the rhetoric. She was right on the money when she said some of bush supporters he's heckling her at a rally that they want four more years of hell. The nonpartisan congressional budget office not confirms the obvious truth that prison and bushes tax policies are aimed at helping the richest Americans and shifting the burden for paying for the cost of government to the working middle class. Princeton economist in the York Times commas Paul Cretman's long been on to bush's radical plan to restructure the funding government and who benefits and who doesn't as a result. It's simple as Cretman points off bush's tax cuts gave it the richest Americans and especially favored honor and income over earned in combating an annexably a leadist direction. It's a plan worshiped that the petroleum club in Houston and comfort clubs across America and Cretman owes the ultimate pay off. Mr. Bush hasn't yet gotten all he wants but he's taken large step toward a system in which only labor income is taxed Cretman writes. The CBO report shows a third of bush's tax cuts have got a wealthiest 1% of Americans and two thirds of the benefits of the cuts went to households in the top 20% with an average income of over 23 grand. And it goes on about he ought to say this. But in the meantime he's kind of wimping along. I read that story. Good to hear. Yeah. I'm a nice say you mean? Yes I did. Well I put a lot of those great. And I apologize to poor Giacere was wondering how come these stories get under so late some nights while it's way of course. When you're off there lose the rest of wood buying huh? He's up late. He's young guy. Is he really? I don't know yet about. We don't want to hear too much about that because then somebody in the building get all excited and probably come in there and start sports. Yeah that's the one. Club in its past noon at 5. 60. WQA. Let me tell you right now for a limited time order you can save more than ever before on top selling matrices from dialometres called 1-800-MATFES today for extra discounts above and beyond their low direct factory discount prices plus now you'll get extra 10% off on service perfect sleeper magnolia. Combined these savings with dialometres award winning service the rank number one and overall customer satisfaction is one of the 2004 better business bureau local Torx of Excellence Award and their on time delivery policy that still lets you pick the two are one to when you want that matrix delivered and you can be satisfied customer like I've been for years. Have a college student need of betting? Pick up the phone right now and call 1-800-MATFES you can get same data delivered all major colleges and universities from Miami to Maine from Candle Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Myers. Dabometres can deliver the finest betting going anywhere is a nonbeatable price. All of smart folks are doing it they call 1-800-MATFES you ought to be doing the same to get it to yourself. A great night sleep for a coonz age to come log on to the website at macros.com or make that one easy phone call just sit there right in your fat ass reach over and pick up that phone and call 1-800-MATFES 1-800-MATFES RES. They raise the tear level high and down the plate I'm going to die. Palmbury. RERS. God have been. This day out came and had a chance and I think I just feed my friends. Palmbury. Palmbury. And now it's happy. Palmbury time has been. I'm sorry. Palmbury. Palmbury. Palmbury. Palmbury. Palmbury time has been. I like the doors and closed their dreams. I'm part of 100 rules of the team palmbury. Palmbury. And now it's happy. If they change their phone orange red, how cool when I don't drink my bed, Palmbury is full of dynamite. I'm not happy. You can do it on my happy. I'm worried. Palmbury. Palmbury is okay. No. Read new fans near on twitter page explaining the views of the floor. Palmbury. Palmbury. Palmbury. Palmbury. Palmbury. Palmbury. Palmbury. Palmbury. Palmbury. Palmbury. Palmbury. have been stolen in Florida, a region known as Bush Country, Pensacola. Hundreds of yard signs supporting democratic presidential candidate John Kerry have been stolen and vandalized in this heavily Republican region known as Bush Country, prompting some curious supporters to hang signs from trees to the two birdlers, maybe they ought to hang some of them bush supporters from trees. They used to be real big up there in Ednicke of the woods, you know what I mean? They had them, they paying for certain trees. About 250 signs have been stolen according to Panhandle for Kerry organizers, which met with Pensacola Polis yesterday, the group has distributed nearly 34-idd signs. Police said it would increase patrols in Panhandle for Kerry members planned to conduct neighborhood watches, so the group's chairman, Jerry Holt, we have the availability of the funds and the will to replace every sign when we find out its missing. He said, Pensacola resident and Bennett lost four Kerry signs from her front yard before putting out a homemade sign that read, nice people don't steal or vandalized, if you have a latest sign from a pine limb 15 feet in the year. Northwest Florida is a Bible belt region filled with military bases, veterans and right wing Republican for bison voters in 2000 Bush feet Al Gore by better than two to one margin, but it's just here they think gold would be better this time. How do we know? Yeah, I think it's better. Oh, I speak in our website, that was a fabulous picture which I got in front of me right now, is that going to be on there momentarily? Which one's that? The Hitler and Bush picture? Oh, I already sent it to Eric, so it will be on as long as you know. And the book of Brian video which I haven't watched yet, but what's that all about? It says very first video bit, right? It's spectacular if you ask me if you ask me. Well, I gotta see that during the while I don't know if I'm going to have time during the break how long is it run? Two minutes at the most. Oh, like I said, two of the shows are well, take a few can. But also not only will you be able to see that, plus of course the ass and the thighs and the humping and that many Olympic stuff, the gay Olympic. But also now we got this picture to be up on their momentarily, which is about a big banner that shows on the left hand. Hitler would have a big swastagon as chest and Bush would be American flag on his and it says on the bottom same Schmidt different. Paul. That's beautiful. And isn't it interesting? Who was the very first one that was called these a bunch of crazy Nazis years ago? Oh, good. And people said, oh, boy, that Neo's ray over the top boys gone too far. You know? And now it's very commonplace. You know, what was who called the Neo cons the Gestapo? I get up here. Colin Powell. How about that? And is it if you would bother with it? And the woodwood book, he refers to the Neo cons, wolfwoods in Pearl and Cheney in Rumsfeld as the Gestapo. And in the context of it, literally, he means it. But then again as far as Colin Powell's concern since he was so vehemently against all the phony evidence and the WMVs, no spony maps. If he had any balls, if he was really an upstanding guy, it said it just being a suck-a-lock, he'd have resigned. He'd have submitted his resignation in my right, right? But obviously he has no consciousness, he's just not a yes man. Or maybe he just made of an offering couldn't refuse. I'd like to think that would. Yeah. 560, 560, 560 on a year. In fact, maybe they'd brought his brother in from the old country from Africa. What's the biggest problem with America? The masses are Moran's 230 team. We got 547 votes on here. 547. The masses are Morans over 200. The President was in in the 172. Too many religious nuts, gosh bang it, 49. I noticed that Stern does the G.D. thing just incestantly constantly. And he got to the other day, because I actually was in here doing some work and listening for five minutes. He got to the other day. Oh, tough. Tough. The modern, the, uh, button theory. Because he said the award we were quick and then he said it again like about three seconds later to make sure it got on the year. So many religious nuts, 49, damn it. Lawyers 21, the media sucks 21. Too many guns, still only 20. You love them guns, man. I can only imagine what they're doing with them. We've lost touch with God 13. Too many fat people 11. Health care 10. You see any connection there? No. Like a respect for each other nine. Bad work ethic eight. And there are no problems only one. Repairy was the one who voted there on no problems. I said. WQAM, hello. You know, I got a question for George. Yeah. Oh. The director of their reversible. Well, what's another movie that he did? I know that man. I don't know. I forgot. I don't have it on the heat. I don't know. Calm them out. He'll tell you. Look at this in research. Colors kept telling me. I forgot it. You were a reversible? Yeah. screws in you wouldn't like it. Oh, God. It's not like that one with the, uh, the toilet bowl one. No worse. No, great. Right up your alley. WQAM, line nine. Hello. Not enough gun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you're, and your occasion point, baby, believe me. Yeah. Good point. WQAM, hello. Oh, God. You're just so. Yeah. Okay. Good. WQAM, hello. Yes, how are you? Great. How are you? Good. Go ahead. Speak to us. All right. Yeah, right? Sounds like you. All right. Sounds good to me. How you doing today? I'm doing good. Okay. One real issue there today. Yeah, what's that? Okay, because I know I get a wonderful show. I've listened to you for years. Great. It pushes me elected. The businesses will profit and the small businesses, such as mine will lose money. Let's talk about the wish once in a while. All right. Let the people know this way you're a big influence down here. You could influence people to vote the right way because most of these people just don't know. Well, I mean, you might try every day and I'm not putting all these stories on here and I put them on a web. I'm trying, baby. Yes, okay. I don't want to say. Yes. People down here, especially in South Florida, they got the son of their butts and they do work and in black homes. I try so many times and get people to work. But they just don't want to work and it's amazing. And that's what the biggest problem is. It's actually cheaper to get something from China to live to America than they do for us to make it ourselves. But I'm not coming. I doesn't know I'm under the bedwork ethic thing on our full today. Bedwork. It's a reason. It was a number one. Well, that's it. Number one. Okay, I've got a report. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Get out of your phone and start like a self-destruct. Was that the gym from fish name possible? Oh, that's him. 26 past no. Not you better than another gym. Who ran these to you? I ran you to him by the way. Wow. Huh? I see doing the goddess. Don't know. That's your how's your buddy Al Franken as he's still exciting is ever. Dream me for. Oh my gosh, he is just a dynamo on wheels that Al Franken man. He is something else. By the way, David Ross, I hate to break the news to you man. You're the only you are finished. Even Pete Boulderman said, I better not tell him that. I don't want to like unleash any insight information about cheap channel. He admits you're done. Paul and Ron history. Even Mary Shalomberger says, it's history when it comes to Paul and Ron on whatever switch one of the on a big small matter. Yeah, one of those. More importantly though. Yes, that picture is up on the site there. All right. Let's hear it. Take a look at that. Of course, it'll probably ruffle the feathers of someone in Bush or liquor's too bad. Can't handle the truth. When you shop for quality food, where great selection, professional service is only one place to go. And of course, we're talking about a store that I've been telling you about for years. Now, brand these shoes in Pompeo Beach, man. If brand these shoes will find a biggest selection, a men's of women's shoes, the best service, the best prices in town, which is important to just about everybody. And all the top quality names, not any off brands that you wouldn't put on somebody else's foot. They carry the best like rock ports, floor shine, SAS, spary, naturalizer, timbulin, and all the other top names in the shoe business. And because they've got so many ziggy and shoes in stock, you can just about big, great life on it that your style is in your size. Honest shelf sitting there right now waiting to slap on your feet. Great. This is open Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9 Sunday, 10 to 5. And you'll find them at 1290, North Federal Highway that's in Pompeo Beach, no matter where you live, it's worth the trip, because they've got unbeatable deals waiting for you. For example, right now, it's a great time to buy spary this week at Brandy's. Men's of women's top side are A.O. is only 4790. And the rest of the line is 20% off. Let me say again, 20% off. Also come in for even better than usual savings or visit on a website, Brandy's Shoes.com. Sure, see you again, Monday, Roger. It's Christmas Day. 8am. No fact in the church. Don't care, don't care, don't care about that driver, several partners. You look dead and mean, so quish at the ring, knock at the bell, he was on the dog. So I acted out my pocket, you read. And with my arms, the trees are made. No bug speaks English, can I momma? I went down to my young man, which were the weather, his nice and shunny. I walked into a little store, but the guy there's a box real funer. I asked him for a pint of fortune, be me just 90 and a what does that mean? The butter's kitchen wish, I can't have him all over. I got the corner to leave. Hell, I think I've been packaged and sticking with smelly. All you can do is go back to the hour, right? I came here, we're making a year ago. Learn my ABC. I don't say much, grossly as I say pretty good. So get yourself to a classroom quick, you're an American now, stop making this thing. Put your butter's phinging this, put it on. After you do it 20 to 15, 60 WQ, we need some of the movie reviews on exorcist of prequel. Yes, so if you decide what they're going to go spend your heart and money to go see it or not, probably what? No, no, wait, of course, come on cable. So people are trying to really blow so far. I'll tell you one thing, if it's as good as exorcist 2 and 3 man, forget about it. Porn stars could be forced to use protection. A California state of settlement who looks like a real pervert to me, if actually works a lot like me. A California state of settlement is asked to be a belt entertainment industry to adopt safe sex measures or face the possibility of a law that would compel performers to use condoms. Oh my God. Assemblyman Paul Corretz, Chairman of the Labor and Employment Committee, said adult film star should receive workplace health and safety protections like other Californians. I strongly encourage and fully expect the adult entertainment industry to require the use of condoms to progress, a Democrat from West Hollywood and letter mail to 185 form producers and publishers last Monday. Fager to do so is irresponsible and invites the legislature to exercise its authority to mandate more stringent actions. Corretz's comments follow a recent HIV scare the prompted producers to stop filming for a few weeks. Two actress tested positive for HIV. I don't think it's the place of the authorities to decide whether the actors are to use condoms or not said Lexington steel, President of Mercenary Pictures, who like many other producers, opposes mandating condom use. Hey, lesson, it's their funeral, right? Exactly. What should we can? Why should the government stick their nose in it? So to speak. Bob Herbert writes a chill in Florida. What is a good calm? You can't tell me that we're going to do this again. Are we going to do it again? Oh, please. Crock or please? He says the state police investigation and do get out the vote activities by blacks in Orlando. If it's perfectly with the political aims of fat ass governor, yet Bush and Republican Party. The Republicans were stung in the 2000 presidential election when Al Gore became the first Democrats in 1948 to carry Orange County, a virtual Lando is the hub. It could not have carried the county without the strong supporter of black voters, many of whom cast absentee ballots. The GOP was stung again in 2003 when Buddy Dyer, a Democrat, was elected mayor of Orlando. He won a special election to succeed Glendo Hood, a three-term Republican who was a voted Florida Secretary of State by Governor George Bush. Do you get that? Got you. That was elected last March. His was Mr. Gore. The black vote was an important factor. These two election reverses of upset Republicans in Orange County and say, why, more over the anxiety over Democratic gains in Orange County have been torn with the very real fear among party stalwarts that Florida might go for John Kerry in this year's presidential election. Oh, right. It is in this context that two of the ugliest developments of the current campaign season should be viewed. A Democrat can't win a statewide election in Florida without a high voter turn out both of the polls and with absentee ballots of African Americans, so the man who is closely Republican establishment in Florida, but of course, as not to be identified. It's no secret that the name of the game for Republicans is to restrain that turnout as much as possible black votes in a credit vote and there are a lot of them in Florida. The two ugly developments both focused on race where the heavy-handed investigation by Florida State Troopers of black-it-out the vote efforts in Orlando and the states blatant attempt to purge blacks from voter rules through the use of a flawed list of supposed felons that contained the names of thousands of African Americans and conveniently very few Hispanics. Florida is one of only a handful of states that vark convicted talents from voting and less they successfully petitioned that their voting rights restored. The state's felon purge list had to be abandoned by Glendo Hood, Secretary of State, and he has former mayor of Orlando after became known that the flawed list would target blacks but not his fan base were more likely to vote Republican in Florida. The list also contained the names of thousands of people most of them black who should not have been unlisted all. Miz Hood, handpicked by Governor and fat ass governor Bush to succeed the notorious Catherine Harris as Secretary of State. By the way, do you hear about Catherine Harris's plane? Huh? Pardon? Miz Hood, handpicked by Governor Bush to succeed the notorious Catherine Harris as Secretary of State, was forced to admit that the felons list was a mess. She said the problems were unintentional but clearly wasn't intentional was the desire of Miz Hood and Governor fat ass Bush to keep the list secret. It was just goes only as a result of Lawson's file under Florida's Attribonal Sunshine Law. Meanwhile, the sending of state troopers in the homes of elderly black voters in Orlando was said by officials to be a response to allegations of voter fraud and last March's mayor's election. But the investigation went forward despite findings in the screen that occurred to show the allegations run founded. Why go forward anyway? Well, consider that the prolonged investigation dubbed hails exquisitely with a crucial but unspoken mission of the GOP in Florida to keep black voter turnout turned out as low as possible. The interrogation of elderly black men and women in their homes is already frightened many voters and intimidated elderly good-out to vote volunteers. The usage state troopers to zero in unvoter turnout efforts is highly unusual without unprecedented in Florida but they headed the Florida Department of Law enforcement guy to NL who was also hand-picked by fat ass governor Bush has been unfazed by the mountain criticism of this usage state police. This spokesman have said a person of interest in the investigation is as he Thomas's 73-year-old black man who just happens to have done very well in turning out the African American vote. He's a person of interest, I see. From the GOP perspective, it doesn't really matter whether anyone is arrested in the Orlando investigation or even if a crime was committed to the ID and Orange County in LLsware is to send a chill to the Democratic process suppressing opposing votes by whatever means or available. Little dirty trick there, I just like all this business about Vietnam and about Swift vote veterans this and all this other vote crap desperate. Change this subject and unfortunately of course pretty much your carries went down. When you agree? There's no doubt. Where's now we what we need? Where's the beef? Where's that hood for? That's right. That's what we need. Just believe more than ever before we need Howard D now. Is it too late to change? Let's have that convention all over again one more time for the gipper to the gipper. Damn it. Democratic Party at least a consistent man they have a death wish. 21-1 at 5.60 WQA in over the years I've told you about Chuck Alphiari and his painted hair system. Charles Alphiari is the best in the world for over 35 years his providing amazing natural look and hair systems that are virtually 100% on detectable and introducing the latest development in hair restoration right now it's called the New Laser Light Therapy treatment. It's used for treating fine and thinning hair. There's new treatment that is FDA certified. Restores hair and scalp afterwards healthy estate while increasing hair shaft, density and volume and who wouldn't like to have their shaft density increased and volume. The New Laser Light Therapy and its cool laser light devices affect them on both men and women and it's a painless non-invasive treatment that's completed in about half an hour. Charles in the staff of witness dramatic results with this new system that impedes hair fall out for those you with fine and thinning hair. So staff thinking that it's going to be a miracle let's make your thinning hair staff falling into the same shower on the flow and give Charlie a call to learn more information about the new laser light therapy treatment. There's no obligation because this really can't solve your thinning hair problems you ought to make the call it can truly change your life. Call toll-free 1-800-3-2-1-2413. That's 1-800-3-1-2413 or get more information on Charlie's world-finding outside CharlesRoffier.com Number one I wrote the other day will have duck hunting with a judge. How it's a must go. A totally general Ashcrunk has a large strong words and so. He's charging twice as much as all the drugs for rightly love. So for anyone so there is very much. So for you very much dear Mr. Boot. Or here Rowie Curley is sitting on your torch. For Halibut and Ron all the companies who pale. Let's send an aggressive noastic Martha straight in jail. She's an opportunity which bridge haven't released years ago. So for you also very much. So you take the last to tell me too. You have to do everything you do. Your pace may come as real faith. You haven't got a lot as far as I'm concerned. You're just a face if I so far. And as for conbellies that he's in so like two times. So for you also very much. So for you very much. You be a. For giving all the mask is all away. It really is a drama. When I can't film my drama. The Ozons and now goes out now that Arnold's here to say. The nuclear ever games are going to take place in LA. So for you also very much. So what the planet fails. That's the great white males. I'm so cute. So there we much. 45. But five. So you see WDC. Did we ever do best funny is to a comedian group solo? I think we did. Nidway. But since we don't remember we could do it again. Yeah, let's do it again. My forget. You know no matter what it is, I forget. Did we ever do what's the biggest problem with America? I don't know let's do that. Let's do that one. Chris has since Mo has been filling in for the internet and he's going to go. Alien, Hank over. Sure, what not? Is that the story is good as another? Yeah. Oh yeah, Hank's sick, okay. Now he's on vacation. No, he's suspended. Well, he's just in here, in and around. Since most have been filling in for the f***ing gold word. I've had a senseless news. Chris, the similarities to jewelry rentals are frightening. Wow, that's the ultimate shot in it. I can't think of a worse word. Mo laughs at all of his own juvenile jokes. Mo was moved from the morning after news. His was joy. How did a great similarity for myself is the affnunes slumber that both men provide. Wow,200 cars. And here's the, oh, What does this? Huh? I don't know who you're talking about. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, no, I thought this right and look familiar. It must be from some spy inside the buildings. Certainly not from anybody we know. Rumor has it that the powers that pee and vf ua way and we've ordered another delay machine for dump Lindsey who's got his hand on it and he's shaken it consistently all morning long. Mr. I'm here and he keeps pressing it and pushing it and yanking it and the dump part and two. Wow. So we have yet another delay. Well, how many deli buttons we got now? About 30 minutes. Brother, after dinner, we're just raising like that you understand. Even of tasted or slices with cheese don't have as many holes in this we've drilled in the Howard Stern Show or our tortured version of it here on this radio station which makes you wonder what were they thinking about number one or number two more likely were they thinking? No, probably not. WQAM Hello. Many might as a more from our viewers separated at first. WQAM Hello. Hey, how's it going? Okay. Hey, can you play? There's no signs of research. You had a bit of it. Hey, deal. Can you play? There's no signs of the church. You had a bit of it. Have a bit on it. There's no signs in the church. That's a bit. Yeah, play. Play why? There's no signs in the church. There's no such bit. Oh, I thought you had a cut. All right, thanks man. There's no signs in the church. Oh, god. Woo! He's talking about the call. We don't have that. They wait. Oh, that's Reverend George Boyd friend of something we'll try to get us to play that crap again. Get with it. If you get lost, okay. Go find a new buddy. I have no luck. I'll find a new playmate. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Horizon wireless line. Your holico is as soon as you get rid of one, there's like 60 new ones come, uh, uh, vestily and festering. W2AM, hello. Hello? Yes? Oh, I know. Thank god you're back. Yeah, that's it. Oh, that's a George River for you. Followed up your ass. W2AM, hello. It's a smell. W2QM, hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. George R.G. Sugs. Okay, thanks. Didn't know that. W2AM, hello. Yeah, new, how are you? Okay. I want to pull on the pole. Love going line and do it. Have a good time. 567.0560. Well, he probably don't have a computer. That was very rude to me. Wasn't it weird? I'm sorry. Don't I apologize? No, no. See, we don't take votes on the phone on the pole. That would be about his terminal. I mean, it's just unbelievably bad. The pole is on our website, NEORoggers.com. If you don't have access to a computer, go into a one of those computers. There isn't steel one. Okay. Or borrow somebody else's or steal somebody else's even better at the orifice. But we don't take votes on a year. Kind of stupid if you ask me. And not only that, but what kind of a show is it about a pole, right? Yeah, Herbert. W2QM, hello. Any other door? Pretty good. Pretty good. Hey, I don't know if anybody told you that, but it's been around 9.45 this morning and 10.5 on the Howard Stern show. Yeah. They let through about 30 to 44 terms on QM. Oh, my God. Let's see. 30 times 250,000 is how much it's 7.5 million bucks. Yeah, man. I mean, what kind of double standard crap is that? Yeah, I guess that there was your just pay raise. Okay. Thanks for the bad news. 7. And I haven't been in bucks for a farts. Well, I still say there ain't nothing like a great, great fart in a steamy hot shower, man. Really? Really? Oh, God. In a steamy hot shower. And of course, there ain't nobody within about 10 miles and you're just enjoying and savoring. I guess we can't say these things, can we? Because they had to do with not not so much the actual majority of the activity itself with the enjoyment of it, which is supposed to be nasty and vulgar and grotesque. And you certainly can enjoy that. You know, like sex. Right. How's that whole common speaking of sex? What's the biggest problem with America? I got another one for you, too. Sexually repressed. Oh, yeah. Why do we put that on there? We're slow. Huh? We're a little bit slow. Well, it's still we got ways to go. And we got the hallway to Lamar with his pole. Specially repressed. Get that on there right away. If not sooner, Josh. Oh, it's on there. No, it is. The masses are more on, Jordan Fiddie. A person who's an in the so-one, 99, too many religious, not 65, lawyers 23, the media sucks 21, too many guns. 21. Like a respect for each other, 18, helped here as 17. We've lost touch with God. 15. Oh, good. Too many fat people 13, bad work ethic nine. And there are no problems one. That was from Gary Sarner. I'm from Gary Sarner. You're close personal friends. But that's right. I don't want to mess up your thing that you've got to go and I'll know a very sir. I have a thing. You got to free me. Oh, yeah. Well, you're going to be walking flashlight. You're going to be like a beacon in the dark. You know it. Come to the QN Hello. Also now I know what that guy said before. He said, George Gloz. I thought he said something. Oh, in the dark. Come to the QN Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Number one, I thought you'd be human about this from the beginning of the show. But. Well, I'm not. Bush passed in the law yesterday. Something that affects over six million blue collar workers. He passed. Oh, I'm so. Well, no, no. There's a government passed it in the law. But it was Bush's push. Yeah. No more overtime. Right. For over six million people, you know, that's going to do a lot of us. Yeah. Yeah. That's going to screw a few of us. But one for the polls. Not enough. Can't foil the rap to head to the morons of this country. OK. And have a great day. And let me know when you get to this queen. And OK, I need some 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'm human because I'm not getting any overtime either anymore. It's for it for all those extra hours you're putting there. Pretty upset about it. WQM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I wanted to chime in earlier that guy stole my thunder. How are you? It's kind of stuff that you're not allowed to. What kind of double. Well, well, well, let's slow down. I'm not one of those people who needs to jump into the sandbox. And I already said before he did the first show on this station. No matter what he does, that's him. That's his show. That's whatever he wants to do. I don't need to play for it. Sounds. I did for years and years and years. It's fine. I think it's also juvenile that we can't play it anymore. But I don't need to do that to do a radio show. Yeah. I think I think the slow is. I better get a still last man back. Poor guy's working construction. Now he's out of radio. Is he really? Yeah. It's almost he would have dark complexity to Bella. Do you know what the construction had? They're asking me. Wow. That is incredible. That's a good pull question. What was more embarrassing? Phil Lassman at the construction site or Greg Beauty out of the country kitchen in Hollywood. Where am I used to go to the construction? They're asking me. That's what the guy said. Well, don't you understand? The fox sports dumped out. So you're not following that sports crap. He's been on NPR for like a year or more. Who for last month? That's the one. Yeah. Doing what? Demorning announcing. I listen to him every morning. The Phil Lassman morning is great. What are you talking about? Phil Lassman is the morning and the national public radio in this here market. Our Phil Lassman. Wow. That is unbelievable. And this guy says he's working construction. Maybe he was erecting something out of him. Maybe he's confused. Maybe he was Greg Beauty. But anyway, he still hates you Greg. Just in case you want to run or you're listening Greg. He hates you like poison. I'm not going to say they don't wish you any bad luck though because believe me if they do. Is it if you can get any more? WQA and hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. There he is. On the five district. Now, WQA and hello. Hey sir. What's the food link? A what? A food link. Look at looking at mirror. WQA and hello. Neil, I might fat gay people. Oh great. Love me right over. WQA and hello. You can write to me by WCB. WQA and hello. Neil, go. Yes sir. Speaking. Hey, is the SLUT. Are you allowed to say that? Yes. Oh okay. That's one of the seven words that we can say slut. Okay. Because the mole Howard David Lassman. They call the female caller that. Yeah. We're allowed to say that. You're going on with George. Do you leave in the show? Well, when I want where does that come from? George isn't leaving the show at all. Well, what where is that come from? Because he was talking about not answering his email from QAM. Starting next week of the week after. I haven't lived for like two months now. Because it's all full of spam and viruses. Oh okay. I got nervous buddy. I have an on vacation. I didn't know what's going on. Well, I mean, when you deal with it, if you've been away and you deal with this station, I can understand you being nervous. As we haven't got any idea. I got a schedule here that's I can pencil and have. No, sir. We haven't got the idea. What's going on here? Try it. I don't even know what's going on with Hank anymore. No. Why do you have a good day? See, who did he say? The Humper? That was funny. 12.50. So I'm going to tell you they better not mess with my buddy. The fat Hank. I'm going to be really porked off. Okay. They better get that all straight and not in stop. I mean, this business of putting the, you remember that poll? We took not too many days ago. And I'm sure you did. Who would they rather hear any afternoon? And Mo and guilty were ducing down for dead last place. Hank, aged out, Rick and so on. Number one, by a million miles over anybody else. And Mo and guilty were really badly neck and neck. No, is to know is in a guilty's case. That's quite a battle for dead last. I mean, way way on the ass in. And they're going to put that loser on there. No, no, no, no. And nobody is pondering with interviews with all his horseball buddies in the sports casting of Venice, including Dennis, excuse me for being a right wing lunatic Miller. Oh, my God. That's really embarrassing. Hey, then again, it's QM. We don't mind. If you have a business theory in charge of ordering inch extra mo carbon paper and supplies, take up right instrument right now and call 800 287 92 12. That's the number for a laser recharge. The toner when recharge cartridge specialist. They provide service supported maintenance for most makes and models of machines to make a run just like brand new again. When you call 1 800 287 92 12, you'll save money on your putting enough as a supply for those of you who haven't called, what could you possibly be waiting for? When you call 800 287 92 12, you'll be dealing with just Bob which has been supply businesses in South Florida for what they need most cases within 24 hours for a coupons age. A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges is compared to depot pricing and all the cartridges sold by a laser recharge are re-manufactured, not re-filled. Any slip can sell your cheap refill cartridge, but you want to get what you pay for. And the fact that cartridges are the only way to go. Write this number down on your wrist. 1 800 287 92 12. Call and as soon as you can't save a lot of money. A laser recharge is part of the individualized service. Offerway no questions, access, satisfaction, guarantee. If it's toner cartridges, all these things you need to just pick up that foam with that one easy call, you'll have your goods in O'Temba. Call just Bob at a laser recharge toll free. 1 800 287 92 12. That's 1 800 9 8 7 92 12. 4 09 A laser recharge.com The best intro for you to watch gotten out of song and track! You and your new largest is a 1 2 0. Congratulations on our new album! It's never as funny all the time That's right, it's all right, it's a spirit It's where it's a fresh jolly It's always a day, a happy day One, two, three You're a few twice a hour With a shadow I breathed no slice to the bone And the dreadful, fragile words Although when those someone calls you, mad at all It's crazy, like a red body Hey, never funny all the time So how I think you can do Stopping in the breeze is walking From pop a low key That business, that whole business is about How are there's doing this? You can't get away with that, it's so juvenile Man, some people need a little shovel in the sandbox And a pale Yeah, very, very sad But if you added all up, we're actually a little bit more flexible Hey, yeah, there you go I think somehow we're surviving in fact, we long before we had Stirn on the station, all those edicts came down for me And Joyce, and I think we're surviving I mean there's a lot of stuff we'd like to be playing And especially the bit and then in fact we had a dump that Bob dozing That was embarrassing just because KJ said Cool, you know, hey Well, it's a Canadian thing, they understand Cool, they're not the only ones though Look for the QM band today, five to seven of the public Ninety-nine fifty-one Miramar Parkway Stopped to spin the wheel for prizes We're just doing a pair of dolphin and tight and tickets So they present it, they've heard us play five to seven of the staff No, and one thing I definitely am not going to forget to do is play again today If Velasquez found to have a large private She would be disqualified from the competition And strips of her metal If the ball is just found to be only a hernia or hernia So hermani a powerhouse legend will only grow in the sports women Wait for lift to carry weight Wait for a lift and that's what the priest do For arguments say let's just say it's a hernia Let's do something This is extremely tough though Because I can't imagine how painful it would be to lift that cat and weight With five or six inches of intestines Balls in through your abdominal wall Wait, lift the officials and elliptical officials will meet With Miss Laskar this afternoon which examined the ball Oh, as I lucky to get that I just have it to be sitting here over the weekend and by the being he started talking on that crap And I said I'm going to get this tape rolling You know when I should have had the tape rolling was this morning When we had that dog and pony show with Todd Reckon's screw-in That's when I should have had my cassette rolling Well, and I've loved to play that display of psychosis on the ear when you Had to be in something that was spacial Carry me to bush league error on Iraq by Robert Sheer This was on our website the other day and as well worth reading Because most of you aren't going to read our website stories or have anybody read it to you Because you're too busy looking at the pictures All you really should think of looking at the Volkobrion video which I'll check out right after the show And also the picture of bush inhaler you can do it during the break I can and the video too yeah I see Carry me to bush league error on Iraq We've used over weekend warflow plays and a president's hands rights to the Great Robert Sheer who writes in the LA times It was a sucker punch in John Kerry fell for what like a rookie I'm talking about president bush's latest teeth gambit turning his own unjustifiable and costly invasion of Iraq into his opponent's problem Bush mock carries Iraq position for its nuance Award advantages to sound both French and less than fully masculine At Bush's prompting reporters asked Kerry if he knowing what we all know now about Iraq's lack of weapons of mass destruction Was still a vote as he did in October 2002 to authorize the president to force against Iraq Instead of snacking that hanging curveball out of the park by denouncing the Bush administration for deceiving Congress and the nation into war Kerry inexplicably said yes Of course Kerry went on to make an important critique of Bush's kind of for the war But he got slammed by the bush team as well as the media for losing in a gossip derby The irony is almost too much to bear after all for two years Bush's flip flop for letlessly I'm just exactly why a was a good idea to occupy troubled Muslim country that posed no military threat to the US Now Bush is getting political mileage out of exploiting Kerry's stubborn refusal to admit that he was had by all the president's con men The fact is Kerry has been consistently saying the same thing for two years Based on the administration's claim that sudden we sang was linked to al Qaeda and possessed WMD The president needed the stick of the use of force authorization to compare Iraq to comply with UN resolutions That explains the yes vote, but unfortunately then and now it is the wrong answer to the wrong question Kerry should have known by the fall of 2002 that Bush was held by not invading Iraq and that to do so What's the early undermine the war on terror everything amnating from the White House at that point made it clear that the president was highly unlikely to be satisfied by simply securing a new UN inspections regime At a minimum Congress had a responsibility of holding herring to examine intelligence on Iraq, which even then was causing enormous tension between intelligence, aimless, and spinners in the White House in the Pentagon After all the constitutes as clear as the framers could be on the permissive of Congress and declaring war, Kerry and the rest of the Congress should have considered the facts even after White House refused to do so This was doubly true after the UN inspectors were allowed back into the country and gave unprecedented access and here is where Kerry and Bush's positions on Iraq diverge I thought we ought to reach out to other countries we ought to build an international coalition we ought to exhaust the remedies available to us Kerry put it out last week Bush uses the word nuance but the difference is huge because the most of us are aspect of Bush's march toward occupation Was his argument that we couldn't wait a few weeks for you when inspectors to finish their search for those non-existent doomed day weapons Didn't we owe it to the teenagers we were about to send into battle in a foreign land to exhaust the remedies available to us? Some justified Kerry's refusal to be carried on that yes vote of what he must now know is unwise On the grounds that if he speaks to truth he'll lose swing voters who value a stronger America, but this is Milwaukee After the country now thinks invading Iraq was a bad idea and nobody can be comfortable with a way it's turned out The American people want to know how we got into this mess how we can get out and how we'll avoid making such stupid mistakes in the future To win the debates and the election Kerry needs to establish himself as the clear alternative to a person who is lied us into a clagmire His fourth rare right speech of the Democratic Convention shows he's capable of this before you go to battle You have to be able to look up paradigm the eye and truthfully say we tried everything possible to avoid sending your son or daughter into harm's way But we had no choice we had a protective American people fundamental American values from a threat that was real and imminent Kerry got it right then, but it won't matter if he continues to whip on Bush's curveballs Right, Robert shearing the LA time and that's exactly he's got his thumb right on it man with That sucked in there and how they turned it around how Bush's waffling and the lies how they meant to turn that around against him And how they've done the same thing with a military service. It's unbelievable it's unbelievable exactly I got a decorated war hero who volunteered and a time when people were running up here to Canada and do everything else to get out Like getting a certain friends to pull strings to get them into the guard or any other damn thing on the sun And in the meantime you got an eight-wall prison and a five-time draft-out-in-vice prison and they're making military service an issue And there's one handed Bob Dolan there will a little old limp Bob Doll limp a noodle door Chaminate with his two and a half cent. It's amazing And again only because there's so many stupid stupid people out there If you don't believe me just turn out Jerry spring you're gonna get a week and those people are reproducing like crazy by the way. Oh, yeah Good thing five six seven oh five sixty and the trainer parks and gannos of America their reproduce in like rabbits Come into QA hello Come into QM hello Not there five six. Yeah, I like catching them off guard like that. Oh, you got taken any calls. We're gonna hang up while you never know You ever know what it might be your chance in the sunshine your moment of glory your 15 and the half seconds of fame W to QM These are the best shows we've had today. Is it matter of time W to QM hello Speaking now what happened? Oh ghosting. I feel bad for the guy Meaning what what what let me leave hang there. No, he's got a he's got a call in What happened to him? He's he's SOL is what he is You made a lot enemies he invited people to come in the nail as asked and they did now he's you know got problems plus the eight too much and both of many expenses to girls Providence after one and that's a pretty timely one it I think George will handle that when he's maybe tomorrow you want to do a couple hours on your friend L Goldstein Hey, don't forget use the apartment use the apartment or any dinner But you're right now. It's like use the use the blanket on the street corner Use the cardboard Let me tell you right now about something a lot more pleasant than grotesque fat people who've gone away at the wind dry Concepts man they've been cleaning the carpets in my house for over 20 years In fact they've been doing it in South Florida since 1979 making carpets look brand new and I'll do exactly the same for you Why would you if you're in your right mind? Why would you call anybody else when these people are the best in the business? They don't play any games no scams no rip off They give you a guaranteed written price up front before they start doing the job They drag clean your carpets there are the only people in the world who do this and it sucks out even the deep down dirt and germs Way down there in a carpet You can't see you hopefully with the naked eye and makes your carpet smell a lot of fresh look and feel just like brand new and your carpets They clean along the land slonger to they're drying a couple of hours So we became clean today and entertain as soon as tonight with over 20 years of doing the right in South Florida You know we can trust these people on your carpets your expensive oriental and area rugs your a pulsed we all of these things So give me a call when you do call be sure and ask how you can save an extra 15% off They're already unbeatable price by having you put them a then put you or however that goes on the stand by list to save even more money than usual call I'm told free 1 800 2 for 8 5071 we're using the first time you'll understand why you'd never dream a use anybody else 1 800 2 for 8 5071 run web at strideconcepts.com muc rap vinegar or congratulations fibers We have time in love! We're in tears, freedom totally lost If I say, I'm totally fucked, I am totally fucked Don't afraid you have one out of love Cause the FDC is from my apartment I keep asking myself, wondering how it goes to show their f**k And guys can say well, they have a big disguise Should just throw in the towel, the FDC is from my Michael Pound This is so fucking cold, so insane Almost in the pain, now they give me that challenge And then you have to see, what if they're up there Almost in the pain, now they give me that challenge And then they give me that challenge And so the pain, that's the reason We have that weird, wrong, power and down We have that power I'm dying all over here We've seen nothing yet Once 17, now this book I'm Ryan bit You didn't tell me, I had a downward view I went to either until I saw that I'm doing that now, I don't have time to do that And I'm going to be able to do it at the end of the show Because it requires a whole lot of song dance It's the understanding on your head, what? It's easy but nevertheless And anyway, now I noticed, because the reason I did last couple of live IDs We're not running illegal IDs at the top of the hour That's right, we don't have any Ah, ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh no There's supposedly in your exits now Not the reason I understand I don't play those after the break I want to tell you, you're not your sponsor I'm not your sponsor Why am I so bored? I guess the deal is now When I go to the... Yeah, they're in the exit of the house That's how I said it to the rejoins That's all my god What a bunch of crap, we don't have them I'll beat you am Miami for a lordial There you go, you got to wait them We don't want to put his voice Oh, that was that That's man, that's man That's man in there That would be good I thought I got to have that Don't let me forget you do You do have it I do have it Take that side Get out of town I never play that Or you leave it I never play that in my life W2am Miami for a lordial Great Well, at least we're keeping his man we're alive Anyway, that's a beautiful thing Thank you, whatever your name is Fetman, Mr. Nithu was that man Yeah Speaking of mystery Mr. Gull, now how do you say this? Cabola Okay, Cabola Cabola Mr. Gull Cabola And here I'm asking his little spik Here at this old village Or to speak about a Jewish thing A red ol' crap man It's our suss-cuss-er-i Is the Glymsi Mr. Gull Cabola Sparks new interest The view from here is a slice of local life By some sent will reporters today Religion writer Mark Ipinski Oh Pintinus sounds so Jewish I wonder if he's kind of Brian Pinsky That's called the same way They're the hardest-wraith or from Chicago I doubt it Maybe he's still in Boop, he's Jewish The dozen men and women sitting around the U.S. Table arrangement looked nothing like alas Hollywood celebrities If they come to the austir synagogue Social Hall in mainland The austir's next to study Cabola Cabola Cabola They say you say Cabola and I say Cabola That's that city and Baghdad No that the same mystical tradition That is captivated entertainment luminaries such as Madonna Paris Hilton Fet Einstein Couture Couture Couture Couture Couture Brittany Spears and Demi Moore Couture Oh that's who was allegedly doing Nick Carter Are you wasn't it? Who was that? Paris Paris Hilton and Nick Carter Are you buying that? No we're like a half a second This is the scandal the whole thing just keeps getting bigger and bigger and bigger All of these fangs and fags and phony The Jailo Crap There's Jailo ever met a straight guy No don't think you ever met one Yeah Accordicabola Cabola The Hebrew letters that form 72 different names for God Can offer the Tardisis Diabolical Stress As well as to induce physical healing In other words The mystical belief system maintains that at the instant of creation universe Was shattered splittering into divine sparks I wonder what Randy's sparks would say about that Scholarsate the objective of studying Cabola Cabola Is to transcend the material world sometime with a half of angels Oh yeah Like JT snow he used to play for the angels And I play so the giant so by the way he'll be in town tonight That's right Golden glove winning JT snow What are my favorites? You go JT but not too much though because we want the marlins to win They need a wean Actually they're like within they got a shot You know they still take turn on those afterburners They got a shot at their wild card anybody cared No no they're like they're waiting for you to catch fire Then they'll knock on board again Sound confusing Sicken a simple by the explanation of Cabola Cabola Is like actually a fast food question that requires a gourmet answers is where I buy Shalom Dubov Of course I thought his name was going to be Shalom Al. I love Shalom Al A congregation Achavas Esraio who leads the mainland group Achavas Esraio Sound so Jewish you know There is a positive side the Hollywood space nation with Cabola Though a Dubov says Madonna raised in awareness that's causing Jewish people the question and explore that aspect of Judaism Which until now is off limits In other words like cheeseburgers in pork Miss this is in angels are disturbing concepts for some Jews who are rooted in modern rationalism I have to spite its complex esoteric way of looking at the cosmos Cabola has cut celebrity fancy just like that I see that Tom Cruise had to be a guard of the other eight two of it Insticting that Scientology is great And then it helps so when you're in a closet and all these other great things Yeah, what if you're done well and then hop right in hop out hop aboard As cost of celebrity fancy years after drawing the attention study of serious Jews and non-Jews alike Actually in Mastur 25 of Alphamati Springs says the recent notoriety is an embarrassment I hate how that's all played in the Hollywood she says Mastur and artist first became attracted to the tradition years ago when her onset of a book on the subject It was exactly what I was looking for she said It was exactly what I was looking for don't you love that? Oh yeah You religious you crazy people you've got squad people you bought above of my seat believers What are you looking for? I have no line. Oh Although do boven I know what I'm looking for believe me Although do boven is sitting on our orthodox those attending the classes come from all branches of Judaism and nine Jews are also welcome at the one-hour session Most members of the class are quick to say they're interested in Cabola Cabola also predates the recent fashion by months if not years I was seeking more spiritual balance in my lectures doctor Michael zero bit 52 a delton at tennis I can't believe there's all these Jews around Florida like one over here and couple over there with ten's two different central Florida synagogues I thought this would be a way to learn more about spiritual Judaism by contrast Mickey Wilson 57 is that a ten any synagogues The longwood retiree who practices yoga and meditation was raised Jewish the city has interest in organized religion when you go girl I do have a spiritual life she says which is why she's drawn to the Cabola class Cabola The weekly The weekly comedians are a mixture of discourse intercourse and discussion led by the Rebbe who supplies a short hand out of rebel our relevant readings Lights next has served and white plastic plates before the class begins certainly I hope not safe and this soft sound of perking coffee provides a background for the session I bet it's you man for the most part the atmosphere is relaxed until a fun example in sight spirit it changes the participant well what does that mean? I don't it's just such a god look what are you looking for man with a wafer's in the holy ghost in the cabala and a car ballad on all this other crap Jesus, I can't all mighty They all got man You know that thing about too many religious nuts. How's it doing on our pole? Here's the pole results over it's moving up That because the president being even the ways in the so is also religious not so that I think this should transcend all the other ones and it ties in with the first two nicely What is the biggest problem with America the masses are morons 293 morons a president who's in the silto in twenty seven too many religious nuts 70 which you don't find in most other supposedly civilized countries in a world And the other people raise four eyebrows when they take a look at Americans you all the influence of these religious extremist these fetus liickers These stem cell suckers these crazy people 70 to many religious nuts Lack of respect for each other 29 lawyers 27 the media sucks 25 too many guns 24 Health care 20 who lost hearts with God 18 Too many fat people 15 bad work ethic 11 sexually repressed for and there are no problems now up to four out of seven on 71 and that great don't you feel better? There are no problem right God I know not all along. I feel so much better probably than other ten years There are no problems that can be the best of that Canadian place. Oh, we're fine. Right How's that queen do I mean that one? How's the paper boy doing over their channel seven in a Stevens? Well, it's a miracle that they got in fact every ten is a base storm Remember when we work for our next original channel said there are no D every ten is a big storm here for fear that that whole thing is going to like take off into flight channel It's a building that would blow away it floats If you're on the act in South Beach, you're musters or any other low car. I'm sugar free diet then head for a deal. I twice book of four years these folks in the lights of thousands of low car divers It's either way lost schools and now the lights of waste focused celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discounts of up to 50% off on low car products like carbo light purity light carb sense and lots more lots more How do we do ever have a spores bar? Yes, they suck You like them? Odd they're okay. They're not great. They're not they're not much disappointing And if the anniversary super special I'd be like to right now you can save half off all of our act in the brand's foods and supplements don't forget the rich The list of low car big ridms like cheese cakes breads rolls and for your brownie hounds delicious low car brownies Sports on the left a bit. I'm a different sports pop star typically. Never had those. Oh pop star it says we're going to sure and you can buy anything in the store Or you can buy it before you try it. There's it the other way around you know I'm saying even the sample before you lay on any cash The staff at the lights knows a low carb diet again said and after open daily till 10 and don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all atkins carbo light and pure delight products to The lights of waste book who will not be under so you'll find them on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to Boston market or calm toll free at 1 877 low carb And low WCA or be around the web low car calm you like to watch focus your official atkins retail centers I'm a What's in this special sausage makes it so tasty naval juice Naval jelly 27 till 2 at 5 60 WC and we got Kimba Bo Kamper the big man in sports the giant in this course in the sweet and for the man dog Rock the work so maybe one or two days a year And then we got Joseph Gaki filling in we apologize profusely for that for the Mysteriously disappearing a hangover good for Marlon's on that 6 30 Marlon's host to John seven or five at a kept the game here's Carlos and Helen the ill be two I think probably was the one I call before chronic Maybe listening to Howard's during this morning I heard him do several fart sounds as well as making brown and squishing sound It's interesting that Carlos can tell the color of the sound on the radio you must have color audio. Yeah, they're drunk on take that'll do that great As well as making brown squishing sounds when talking about your wishes military duty. That was the one that was great It was it yeah, God Linda Blair of our sports got her squeal of approval not that it bothers me. I like the smell of a well done radio shows as Carlos What does bother me is that WQM does that allow you the same feed and artistic expressions See here's another one trying to stir the pot go smoke at Carlos don't worry about stirring You'll always be number one even if you're not allowed number two on your show and that cute Carlos Trying to wear a little funny here's something I do funny from you. I say today At a time yesterday like I said at a time when you a democratic presidential candidate John carries come under fire from a group of retired Naval officers who say he lied about his combat record and be at numb questions about president Bush's 1968 to 73's in and the Texas Air National Guard remain unresolved Why did Bush describe by some of his fellow officers as a talented enthusiastic pilot Stop flying fighter jets in the spring of 72 and fail to take an annual physical exam required of all pilots What explains the apparent gap in the president's guard service in the 72 73 period when commanders and Texas now Obama say they never saw him report for duty and records show no paid a Bush when it was supposed to be on duty Alabama with a major one is me did Bush receive preferential treatment of getting into the guard and securing a coveted pilot slot Despite poor qualifying scores and arrests but no convictions for stealing your Christmas read where a Reath and routing this hit a football game to various college years The White House has released hundreds of pages of records, but the files really so far haven't answered those questions Are these serious since the documents are released in February at least to have to as news organizations Including USA today and filed new request for Bush's military records out of the Freedom of Information Act in the email The USA today last week presidential spokesman Dan Bartlett said the president's authorized release of his records We are complying with all requests some are taking longer than others, but all will be addressed like maybe after the election of the good time to tell them Yeah, finally today after would be good just like Arnold remember he was gonna like conduct his own investigation Of all those sexual harassment charges against him after the election when he had time and they decided after when he election the glands I'm not gonna bother with any rate great. I'm not gonna bother Although I'm glad that he cleared it all up for all those women that he grouped and All the back of the Had them in love. I love those. Oh, those are beautiful. May I see you I need I apologize Anyway That that that's your turn everything you need to know about America's the fact that Arnold's rights name an Terminator is Governor of California the largest state in the country. That's your turn to everything you need to know Questions about Bush's record pre-date the current campaign the apparent Gap in his guard service first surface before the 2000 election when the Boston Globe reported that peches guard commanders were unable to become per Bush's wear-boss for May 72 April 73 where they go Bush hasn't said what he did in the guard during that period aside from a statement by former Alabama air guard officer He saw Bush and for for duty there in the fall to 72 the only evidence that he was a damn the air National guard base now a mama was a record of a dental exchange in where six nineteen cities we had the base Bush didn't TV interview in February that he would make all his military records available But some documents still not been made public the White House did not release Bush's medical records from his guard files But a lot of group of reporters who covered the White House review them for 20 minutes. They found nothing unusual Care release some of his military records earlier this series also declined releases complete medical records But you're the memory for decision Bush did He said here you want to see it and then like Since February the White House has been all guarded military commanders outside the Pentagon from commenting on Bush's records of service Request for information must go to the Pentagon stream of information act office and be approved by her mom hearing Jr before they even looked at how do you like that? It's the good stopo. That's what Colin Powell said and how come the meeting didn't play up that clip from above? The world's book us Stop you You understand the stopo seems to have come every way. Exactly Which is why they're knocking on doors checking out who's gonna be protesting if the Republican convention next week. That's right We understand you're gonna be up to no good. Okay. We want to get to goods. We want to like in fact. Maybe you're a person of interest All the crap or interested person yeah We might actually get to know 802. I was gonna say if we if we really put the big push-up We got the 1000 votes during the show today. You know, should it push it? Well, too late now. Well, maybe how we will go home early another day during the week. Let me need a mar. You'll get lucky. Maybe you'll go home It's in for yeah, or now you may run on a gas no more anything else Robin anything else Robin anything else man That's just even even that man is in here Back home My Face It must be because I Was They's far on my arm like a really Natalie now a lot go on. I got things on my nose nobody knows that under my clothes I went empty horse, but that not being that I'm gay because if you think I'm to be at your in a semi-lake Am I as well people smoothing shave this whole little glass the next time I'm raping I've got to go to a surgeon but that's just me to shit this I would not want to walk up in life. Don't Rothers I might have not used the fat little free I did a lot of tape now again a boy But reason I dismissed that just thinking that bastard that the guy see wouldn't shut up any can't play Nobody talk from our right. I wrap ten new talk Look at me I know swear I'm a thing done daddy man. I'm really dead I'm by our anyone I want I don't care First way if they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair I got my head myself. I even happens to the grapes Let's win one said you can add a hill up we break your legs So now I sit by the pool life since good as it gets with my paladin cocktail placing bits of the juts Power dies power dies. I don't just nobody's ass in power dies I'll be sure that the screw gets when I get the chance that the cleaners aren't ready with my line-bring pants I won't hesitate tell me calling the plate. We just the little thoughts. So what I like this day That's funny one another. I was buddy. I can do what I want. The man is with loves me Something else something you ought to know for no longer time. I want to do to be my oh do I my type-out now? Oh 140 fine. I can't believe well actually five more of those that we can still play Really Let's do it during the break before and this is Kind of think of a big 40 press and come down. I'll take a purpose site look for the QM van the day five is seven until just got better stuff from that You know five to seven this afternoon is the public said 9951 mirror bar parkway Stuff I'd have spent the meal for prizes and registered to win a period dolphins Titan tickets that they present they be displayed five to seven This afternoon The Florida Panthers who say they've had a 37 employees in the past year will lay off fewer than ten employees on their business side On September 15 if as expected you can just about bet your life on it There was no new NHL labor agreement in place by then so chief operating officer Michael your mark said yesterday But be sure and send in their money. They want for the tickets It's less than other teams are laying off said your mark when formed is staff of the impending cuts yesterday Because we moved our revenues in the right direction the summer that gave us the flexibility to make minimal changes The Panthers of a 125 employees on the minutes side will lay off any executive Your mark said the layoffs would involve support staff in such areas as game presentation human resources and accounting These people were not the ones who created the situation where she or Mark said that's the sad part your mark said He's not sure if the employees who it would be re-hard after the labor issue was settled Panter General manager Mike Keenan said there'll be no layoffs on the hockey side if and when there was a layout lockout layout Look out I said they watch your money though make no mistake about that get those season tickets checks in there Even though there isn't going to be any season speaking of that you're gonna America may never be the same again after the hear this story I'm threatened Well, you don't care it's something because it's a sports thing But it is part of a mirror common on man you can't mess with this all go back to listen to music is Walt Disney running off the clock on Monday night football on ABC Oh my god 34-year-olds sports class because ABC's most popular longest running prime time program tradition at the beginning of 1970 when ABC's legendary sports producer Runawe was put Howard Co. Cell Don Meredith and Keith Jackson in the broadcast booth and recent years though the struggling Disney oh now work has been losing about $150 million annually on Monday night football ABC praised the NFL $550 million a year for the right to air the Monday night matchups But advertising member who doesn't come close to covering the cost 150 million years are taken up the a pipe Now a Disney executive is under pressure to prove to Wall Street so they can reverse the fortune the four players never Concerned profit by next year. They must decide whether the benefits of money now football all the financial losses ABC is between Iraq and a hard place had Brad Adgate and then a great name Great name. He's research director for the ad buying firm horizon me and his name is Brad Adgate It's been ABC's highest rated show, but it's simple if they have to ask how much is too much The NFL's been meeting with never whose executives in recent weeks to start hammering out a new TV rise package It probably will see that's grenade your packed which total 17 points $6 billion and expire at the end of the 2005 football season NFL executives have wanted to negotiate new agreements this fall before they begin contract talks with the players union Because the network advertising markets been strong, but Disney told the league it isn't ready to deal Instead, they want to wait until next year close to the October 2005 deadline to negotiate an NFL contract for ABC and Sister network ESPN What have he said no more running at football? Oh, I don't that would be that huh? There ain't going to win I Think that would be the end of America as we know it don't you yes, in fact, and if that happens then we can Retake the poll that we're taking today and the obvious winner by a landslide no more money night football is what's wrong with America Yeah, what do you got what? You better get with it, Mr. Okay You better get that 12 pack of beer ready and you better be sitting right there in front of your screen when a regular season starts We get that first money night game. Do we have like a money night exhibition scheme? But it'll be on there to have a soon Josh. I would assume yes They generally do have an exhibition scheme on there too because they're making rakes and more funs out But evidently not nearly you know a shortfall of 150 million for short a shame What a shame and you know who's in deep crap overall of this? I Right our good close personal friend how come this thing keeps coming up on here boy if you could see what's going on There way what why I got to do these cues you know and it now maybe parents and mouth told me And I mean in my old age maybe I forgot that I'm supposed to use that legal idea the enemies break I don't think so I think you screwed up clearance. I think that you are a program director like Josh Friedman is a edict expert Like Jeff high is a fashion plate Dinner plate the old yeah the only place here is what when it's got plenty of Chao on it that's all he got three two I is in one weekend. Oh I still have that voice and lovely though in your man. It's a pretty good sign that he's on a way out I'll go to the funeral as long as I don't have to be a palbert. I'm going on at fairie I'm hopping on the fairie Again and go ahead across the lake to rock just to get some lie locks I told him I'll send him right to his funeral. I don't do funeral but I'll ship you some nice Beautiful purple lilac some rotten sister What's the biggest problem with America? That's our pull course today any orodries.com If you tune in late today you missed a bonus on the show 10 twenty a.m. was the last any more Robin and then then they finally said good But you notice even then when they say goodbye there's always a couple of the guys in the 80 member cast or like Talk in and just they always got something Like goodbye already okay. It's like somebody like like when your mother comes to visit in your case Hmm and trends leave, but she never quite seems to make it to the door and you think it okay leave already please 845 votes. Yeah, we could have made a thousand easy The masses are more on 321 a president who's an imbistool 246 too many religious nuts 280 this turn 80 Like respect for each other 40 lawyers 29 the media sucks 28 and boy does it ever and let me say it again. It's Puffagora Yeah, I can't even figure it out myself. I always knew what it was when I've driven through there many a time having you Punta Punta The media sucks 28 too many guns 24 We've lost touch with God 23 Healthiers 21 too many fat people 15 fat boy Bad work ethic 13 there are no problem spive and sexually repressed full And oh a word from Howard Dean's wife say hello there And Dr. Julius Spiveers why for president's will cover the Howard Dean you can call me Judy not judge Judy That's a different meat cat people. I don't know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I see a crap out of myself I make proud for this and I look like a Shayna pool of Stop me if I'm done by Daniel with too much you they say anyway how he says after I showed up these numbers drop it No, I say that's a bunch of me shit gas for those of you who don't think a piece of You wish that means crap. How he said good guy though. He's what you might call a loose cannon He's got a pretty bad temper on him. I remember one time on the right kid left the cap off of the toothpaste I thought he was gonna draw a gasket Devane's top-out in his head and that white spit strings were born in the corners of his mouth even with sugar I spent 23 years with his shagots most of the time is immense without a cation. I hate him I think my husband how he would make for a very good president one of the things I'm a little peeled about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV I've on a bi-spection in city. I got a shot down to campaign headquarters Also the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white set. I have never seen any program in color So I know Jacky Kennedy. Hell if you look at me. I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't know her makeup I'm like a whisk her away from being a mish don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraint Anyway, yes, that's it. It's what that the beauty standard over and out people are about the community to elect John Kerry president We're gonna scout Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico We're gonna California and Texas and New York We're gonna South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan and then we're gonna Washington You found the heavy large private She would be discord squallified From the competition and strict of her metal If the ball is just found to be only a hernia a hernia the remaining of our house legend will only grow in the sports women We've lifted care going for argument say let's just say it's a hernia said jikersin Since she's extremely tough though Because I can't imagine how painful it would be to live that kind of weight With five or six inches of intestines balled in through your abdominal wall Weight lifting officials and Olympic officials will meet With Ms. Lasca this afternoon to examine the ball. Oh, that was I'm telling him. Thank you. Thank God for the crow What a new fond respect I have for our man to crow. In fact, I think the crow in the afternoon crow hank and a crow sounds good to me I like that Exactly this has been hankled. We're gonna sacrifice anyway. We got Kimba Bokep for the rarely working to our my what's his name Jim managed it to and then we got Joseph Gaki It's for for what's his name when we'll follow by by