I choose WQM as no change. Starting this Monday, it's the OJ Simpson Glendhill and Superdate Capretage Show. 6 to 10 AM Monday through Friday, only on Sports Fag Radio WQM. So now it has to care about what's on the air. Keep it in the Stone Age, put your burger on the day, and watch TV the Saudi packs of American way. If you just choked up over all these current events like that. Or, or, on the other hand, it could be anthrax, you know, or no. And with the Antokin and the Mio here. Anyway, a horrible story, this boy was killed in school, that's not what middle school in Palmetto Bay. A quiet 14 year old honor student was killed in a bathroom, and his Palmetto Bay middle school yesterday morning his throat. Apparently cut by a classmate in the shocking attack that paralyzed hundreds of families and terrified parents across Dave County. Throughout we go golf was found bleeding to death in a second floor restroom at Southwood Middle School around 830 this morning. By another student who saw pool of blood in a pair of legs sticking out from a stall, he ran to get help at Paramedics were unable to save Jamie. With an hours police focused on a fellow eighth grader who was identified as 14 year old Michael Hernandez. He was charged late last night with first degree nurse such a serious charge indicates, police believe the killing may have been planned. First degree murder investigators found a cutting-edge to believe to be the Emerdor weapon. Horrible story. Interesting thing is that it says if there's ever been a homicide in Dave, this is in a hero, in a Dave public school even long time veterans can't recall it. School board member Solomon Stinson has worked for the District since 1960 and city can't remember a single precedent. But of course nobody's going to be talking about that very much today except the people involved because between the Janet and Justin flap the loose flap. Oh there it goes again, you can it off. And the Danny boy, I mean what's what's first on the agenda really? I mean what do we do? Why do we do? Why do we get a two? The thing of hand ringing. Yeah. And be overrought. Right. Well guess what? I don't care how many they go. You want free smoke. Come on. Yeah, that's what we have to say to you Danny boy. Okay. You can turn code. You can turn your plan. And he turned it around. Yeah, we did it. Turn around and farted right in Wayne's face. This will teach you, baldy. I guess that's not much gratitude for Wayne selling them all that Chief Stock at the beginning. Hey, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Marina resigned. I saw this story. I was sitting on the throne this morning. We end my uh, national post. And they're in the sports section buried in the bottom right hand corner. Was just a little bit of blurb because that's face that nobody here really cares about this. Thank God for that. They care a lot more about the fact that the leaf lost to a girl seemed to blackhawks for one last night. But that's okay. Oh, you should have seen the local news last night. Oh, I can only I can't even begin to imagine that. See, this is what Danny boy. He knows how to do it. If there was anybody who could upstage Janet and Justin and that flap. Then Danny's the boy. Dan Marino's tenure as a dolphins top football executive ended before really started. Says the son Sentinel. I mean, a whole idea was just another. It was just another publicity stunt to like try to pacify the angry fans. Everybody knew that. Maybe Danny finally caught on or maybe finally got smart for once in his life and realized that he's got that job on TV. He's got those two gigs going for over 2 million bucks a year. He can sit back. Have all the rest of the time to dittle around with his family and dittle around with anybody. I'll see once. He'd lots of pasta and just enjoy life. As opposed to being the next scapegoat for Wayne and all of the assholes call on his radio station. Oh, there's no question about it. He's going to be the new owner. Oh, you know, maybe only a couple years five years down the line. Danny figures to be the next owner. Right. God. How can there be so many stupid people in one place? Jesus. K Christ. Anyway, Marina who accepted a job as senior vice president of football operations three weeks ago and was beginning this day. Schedule the beginning next week. Surprise team owner H Wayne, high Zingey yesterday by telling me would not rejoin the organization he let his quarterback for 17 seasons. Oh my God. He surprised the Wayne monster, which we say excellent job. Nice going, Danny boy. If it pissed off Wayne, we're pretty excited about it. I'm going to say that the way he is, the way he is, the way he is, the way he is, the way he is, the way he is, the way he is. You know, Stephen released by the team. Marina said he wasn't prepared to make the significant lifestyle change that the position would require for him and his family. In other words, he couldn't afford the pick up. Oh, that kind of lifestyle, which includes six children. So he backed out creating an embarrassing situation for the dolphins and embarrassing. I'm not wrapping up that the paper. It's just one that's drilling game. There was a game Sunday, you know. Not enough that the paper is one that's second Super Bowl in three seasons, which really pisses off the all fans. But now the fact that they thought they had their savior was back. There was going to wave his magic wand. I make that changing his lifestyle. Maybe he's going to shower with the time Brady. Anyway, for the dolphins who decision to hammer in was met with skepticism anyway by the media to NFL and many fans, including yours truly. Because let's face it. You have to be a rocket scientist to see through that thick pain in the S glass. I mean, Jesus. I can't worry about perception of the stage of this game. I was saying, oh, we've got to do his put our best foot forward and see what happens. Don't trip now. Man, he is one certainly some bitch. I'd say that that way. Always blowing off at the media on this one. I'm going to tell you something right now, and you can market. Okay. If Breward County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility, I will not play here. You're a liar. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying, here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. Hey, here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. And then left everybody with a team that lost in San Jose late last night, three nothing by the way. In case you were a work sleeping in. Wayne says, I've got all the confidence in the world and the guys that are here, we're going to be fine. Oh, we're fine. That's what Wayne said. Anybody buying it? No. Don't have a quarterback. Don't have any offensive line. Don't have any receivers. Don't have a coach. Other than that, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Nobody's buying it. Wayne, man. You are really, uh, so well. Speaking of that, oh, let's, I don't know how we're going to get all this stuff in today. Plus, I think I'm going to be losing my voice around. What's the Lord in this you horn? Seriously, I don't know how to how I'm going to do it. I'm going to get this raspers back and that pisses me off. Probably this, uh, damn, whether or not sunny and beautiful today. It's like minus seven, whatever the hell that translates to about, about what? 20? I 18 something like that. Scale here anymore. Anyway, a 225 votes on the poll yesterday now. I got the story about, um, uh, like hosts. Yes. And the fact that this, this thing with this flat has generated more response than anything in history on the internet. I mean, people are just falling all over each other to see Janet Jackson's clue. Okay. So all of this fiend outrage by the NFL and by CBS and by MTV and by Paul Taglia, Boob and everybody else involved, uh, give us a rest. Okay. Give us a break. Because it's the most talked about thing, which proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that a lot of it's same for years as true. America is so desperate, so repressed, so it's actually constipated, almost as much as the brits, which I got a great stir in at the minute. They want to see something. Please, please, let us see a little nipple or something. Anything. Just a little one. And of course, we got the, uh, nipple Nazis. No chance. Michael Powell, he's got, he's putting the thick thumb of the FCC down on it. And wait to see what happens. Quartz Court. Twenty two hundred and seventeen votes. What's your take on Boobgate? The big flap at the Super Bowl 38. And the article's, I mean, I probably have to spend at least another two hours on us today, right, in between all the discussion of the primary last night. Carries in man. I'll tell you that right now. And Edward, he talks a good game about how he won't take the second spot. Carrying Edwards would be unbeatable. That took it. That would. It's already doubt about that. I really love your buddy Howard Dean who's going out about, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. We weren't disappointed. Things came out, things came out just as we expected. We got our ass kicked in every one of the seven states. That's what he said. And of course your buddy, Jewelie Burman. And then had Dasha, they said they're not so tearful of a buy. Is that that centrist? Yeah, that centrist Jewelie Burman, that centrist Orthodox purpose. Twenty two hundred and seventeen votes. What's your take on Boobgate? Grow up America. You boobs. 1158 if you said that. 52.2% I mean, we're getting response on this website. If we actually had that many people listening, we have a bun 80 share right now. Just phenomenal. We don't, but we wish we did. It was totally contrived. I loved it. 328. I loved it. Well, can I see more? 321. Just go to neo-rodgers.com and you'll see lots more. And clearly the Democratic slogan. Read my lips. No more bush. It was totally contrived. I hated it. 199.8% of the audience might have connised. Obviously. I'd have connised Boobgate on his. It was shameful. The FCC should stick it to him. 130, 5.8% stick it to a Michael Powell. Stick it. I would say to Michael Powell. Just stick it. You know what I'm saying? I. All right. That's my message to you Andy of CC. You produced what was the line in that article? It's over-rod prude. And over that got her right here. The over-rod prude says the national post about Michael Powell. And over-rod prude. And they are. Absolutely correct. I think it really wasn't actually. 31 silly people said that. They couldn't really believe it. It was. Yeah, just it's just a. Put out. You know. And I haven't seen it. You know how many said that? But 30 men. 30 still haven't seen it. 1.3%. I guarantee by the time that we're reading this pull result now. They've seen it. How can they say that? It's on the same website that they go to vote on. It's on. It's on every website. It's on every TV channel. It's on your pop-up toaster. If you look at your watch. There it is. Stick it right out. Prochuding. Grab it. You can wind it like the stem on your watch. I'm twisting it now. I'll let you are. You'll even wind Rob's out. Mark each out of win in Oklahoma. By just less than 2,000 votes against Edwards. And Carrie came a strong third there in Oklahoma. How many Jews are there in Oklahoma? About 30 men. How many black people? About 30 men. Although I don't know. Are there black folks in Oklahoma? I guess we could tell by the Alaska. Oklahoma. When I need one. Seriously. Here's Oklahoma. Sharpened got 3938 votes. Now you know. No white people voted for RAL. Maybe one or two. So there's a few thousand scattered around on the old ranch. 12 minutes after 10 to 5 60 W. Come on. I have a heavy, heavy duty schedule. Got a good polling in today. How many choices on their two? Four? Six? Eight. Ten. Got. A lot of pressures. You better be in your weedies. Okay. Better be ready for it. Speaking of that. Some of them that definitely doesn't last as long as it used to. And of course, Todd Rek is talking about your paycheck. So call fast-trained. Did they induce something about it? Give yourself some real skills and a real career that goes along with having them skills and a real big fact paycheck that goes along with having them career. That's right. Call fast-trained today at 1 866 fast-trained to start that new high paying computer career. In just four short, easy, painless months. Fast-trained can up. You get yourself a new high paying computer career in the demand for computer professionals growing like crazy. Just like that growth on most head. So pick up the phone call fast-trained today. Tool free at 1 866 fast-trained with seven locations they got the campus bound to be nearby you. Fast-trained offers you job placement, financial assistance for people who qualify. And with day night and weekend classes, there's no excuses to day night and then job another day. And if you're registered now, you can have that new high paying career. Let's see. It's February March April May by Huno. Right? See. So call fast-trained today after you check them out of the web as fast-trained.com because now you can have a big impressive paycheck to call 1 866 fast-trained. My name is Michael Loll. This is George Wedding, Christy. She way am. Alright, this is G Gordon Liddy and they don't come anywhere else than Neil Rogers. Absolutely. There's the cause in Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. When in the age of the wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Where he don't know where her stoke goes. I can see how there was some confusion between human door and human horror. And then I can saw the term Cedar Box means saw her naked. Stars reportedly to go in blind. That place in he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary office. Working on a practical joke. He took him back and knew it would explode in. Loading for Monica with blowing rings a snow. Bill's a cause in Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes it way go. Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. All people feel that Hillary's been made a fool up by her husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. A band the Lincoln bedroom she was known. More than alcohol was doing her with bills all gone. She's all mine. She lets out a gigo. Every pregnant time he makes it way go. Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. You can do you think the demon. You can touch master is faster. Oh yeah. What you gotta do is take a tip or roll. And put it in a frown. Oh yeah yeah. Oh yeah. 10th one I wouldn't leave into our pool for today. Which of these do you think was the most obscene route rages. Clinton Monica sex scandal aka penis gay. Justin Janet Super Bowl flap. GW Bush's thousands of US troops to war based on lies. GW Bush steals the 2000 presidential election. Enron rips off investors for millions. Michael Jackson molest cancer stricken kid alleged. Robert Blake kills Bonnie Lee alleged old lies as the Christian Brando Donut. And if that does work he says how about the dog without a gun. Martha Stewart insider trading alleged. WQM fire Scott for real or WQM high as Mohower David. A pretty good list there of 10 which is the most obscene or outrageous. Where is that thing is that in here under Clinton. I don't know where he says outrageous. So that's outrageous. Outrages. One more time. Outrages. Outrages. A pig report here. Sam a rodent 441 radar and unmarked cars use caution. Thank you very much. Where were facts that in. Of course by not is probably a whole bunch of cars pulled out. About 30 minutes. Outside of the road. Well, we're sorry. We try our best. So the bridge is not to be outdone by us. They're acting up. 28 years ago a four liter. This is from the Guardian. 28 years ago a four liter outburst from sex pistol John. A lie. An on prime time TV was enough to cause a national scandal in Britain. But last night he called an audience of up to 12 million people. Fueking. See you next time. I can't you can't see the words. So that's as we have to play this little game. You know. It's the effort in a seaboard. Fueking see you next time and Meredith only 73 complaints. I'd like that. The singers outburst came during ITV's smash hit. I'm a celebrity. Get me out of here's live eviction program. It was told by presenters and and deck that he hadn't been voted off the show by the doing public all fucing see you next time. She claimed adding that he'd hope to be voted off so we could go tracking in the country. That's trucking. ITV today apologized for Lydon's outburst and said it was looking in a ways of delaying the broadcast of the daily live eviction show to any out ended out any offensive language. Art and deck rush to say sorry. I'll be in their trademark ironic style. Ants are ant and deck. Ants say, oh, come on John and deck adding we have to apologize. We're incredibly sorry about that, but it is a live show. ITV's been hosted to force never since it decided that the final session of the show in which the celebrity's team learned who's going to be evicted goes out live. The rest of the show and a continuous coverage on ITV 2 is recorded or goes out with a 15 minute liable delay. And of course not to be out done by the brits. CBS is going to put in a delay. That's how we're going to handle it. That's how we're going to solve the problem. And of course it's obvious by the fact that they're putting the delay on there and they're not booting them off the Grammy or telecast. It's pretty obvious that they're really very concerned. I'm very opposed to them. I'm tired. That's right. To Siberia. No, they're just going to put on a delay because can you imagine the two new audiences for that? Now just to see if somehow they try to pull it off again, you know, some stunt or pull anything else off. The use of stars Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell will be allowed to appear at the Grammy Awards despite Jackson's televised flash. But the broadcast will be delayed to weed out any more surprises officials say. Just like this show, just like talk shows in general. There's a little delay. I think it's about a 20 hour delay delay delay delay delay delay. Jackson whose breast was buried when Tinkerbell ripped off her body's in front of almost 100 million TV viewers that Sunday's football Super Bowl cousin and national scandal will present an award in next Sunday's. Grammy's while Tinkerbell were performed. Both these artists will appear at the Grammy's on Sunday's scheduled Ron Roker of the recording anime which organizes music size to work told AFP. But, CBS television's not told us they will add in enhanced delay to the telecast he said. The boosted time delay will give the CBS TV network which also broadcast the Super Bowl time to delete both an appropriate audio and video footage from the broadcast. The new procedures to be put in place to safeguard against any unexpected or inappropriate content being broadcast during the awards ceremony because we're peeing in our pants. The hot com all those phones are bringing like that. WQN hello. Yes, how about adding to the poll about most of us were outrageous Russia imports drug use. Good one. But that is an excellent choice. Well, we can do it. Okay, just when I passed the morning, I thought it was a good choice and figured I'd think about it and then pass it along to you. It's a fabulous choice and thank you so much. By the way, Wilmos says the ship will be in it noon. Thanks, pal. Yeah, how about that? Let's put that on there. Rush drug. How do we want to ward it? Rush Limbaugh's a junkie. Yeah, that's good. Rush Limbaugh turns out to be a junkie. Or how about finger pointing Rush Limbaugh turns out to be a junkie. That hypocrisy. This whole crap. We can also put on there as long as we're adding. I didn't want to like put a burden on Eric because I don't want to. You know, he's done such a fabulous job these last couple of days. Eric and Serving in and day to with billions of hits. It's amazing. But I was also thinking about how about Danny Boy. Oh, that's right. It's fresh. It is fresh, man. It's almost like a slap in a pussy. It's fresh. So, Dan Marino tells Wayne the stick it. How's that? Okay. Well, I like wording it that way. Hey, Wayne. Nice gone, Danny Boy. I always said it was on your side. Did he start at the end of the ball off like a loaf of bread? I was always on your side. And anyway, Danny Boy says, I don't think so. I mean, really, how stupid can you be? I know he's not a rocket scientist after all he went to pit. But really, you know, I mean, why didn't you think about this in the first place? Although, you know, the good part of it is that it just embarrasses Wayne and the organization. That's a part of like a lot. And it also gives this radio station just lots to have the people call it, well, what are we going to do? The dolphins ring their hands even more than usual. Go on Dan, that one on there too. Now, you're passing these on to Eric. I'm assuming we are. Although, Eric is so on top of stuff right now. You don't have to really worry about it. He is whatever you said to him the other day. It really got him off his fat ass boy. He is just so he's so efficient that it's frightening. In fact, he's so efficient that what I'm thinking is that during the show, every day, I'm going to like keep giving him updates and all of the stories. Just enjoy. It's just a joke, Eric. There was just that one. Okay, just don't get all panicking out. Just a joke. You know he's under a lot of pressure up there. 10, 20, 7, all the time Brady did go to Disney World and you see the pictures right on a front page a lot of newspapers? No. In fact, Tom's up-puss was right under Janet's exposed breast. It was a lovely thing. Hey, I'll tell you who'll talk to about Janet Jackson. I don't know how to teach all day long. And that's Jeff Cohen, man. You'll have to travel long, far and wide to find a perfect like Jeff at the pizza luck. He's a real wild and crazy kind of guy. Our kind of guy. And the food is your kind of food. You know, it's delicious. It's great. Every kind of pasta dish out of the sun. They got chicken and veal and seafood, treat it from kind of fabulous pizza. Calzone, super subs, the best garlic rolls you've ever popped in your post. I'll bet you George's life on it. Every Monday at the loft is Lasagna night. Tuesday is eggplant night by one of these dinners. These nights get the second one for only five bucks. Wednesdays like tonight. Kids eat free with adults and they can see Jeff's famous magic show. What did you see what he whips up? Thursday is bite night at the loft. Come on. A motorcycle by one dinner. Get the second one for half price. To want great Italian goodies at very, very modest prices. Big fresh portions. This is always the place. You can take it home. You can have it delivered. Whatever eat it there. You have it even for free. If you know the rumors. Call a nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty for takeout or delivery nine five four nine one six eighty eighty will find a pizza loft in the original Broward location. Right there on university drag between grip and five ninety five and a pizza law. Plazibian pair one imports with loads and loads of reparking pizza loft. Not their fastest. Not the cheapest. But the best in the universe. Fly and local your sports video five sixty two a few a.m. There. What's the one. One pill makes you browsing. Right. And then also. Make you a high. Get the ones my house made gave me. They may be itching all the time. Go ask. We'll. You're. You'll. You'll. You. Founding them. You. You. Bring me. You. Higher. As. I can have a. Room. Not. Good. Post. Thanks to my friends in a higher. More. More. Less. R. Close.р. extrapolation. Pass. I'm. You get!!!! All eight. Me. C. Interesting. Now they're the center of springs. Let's extract the gold out of their teeth and lovely sounding氣au. Are you. Actually. More.engers later. How are you. To. You'll get through your show by putting the logic out of proportion to justify your sleeping Hades out my ass. I'm talking backwards my dinner head friends. Oh damn Yeah Give me go ask you Please How am I. Bed 34 26 till 11. We got to Mad Doggon 2 the Hopstar is into the studio. Bring on gas mask, Hank. You're going to have to work in that studio. I'm still getting over this crap from being there. Hank will be in her 47 with our windowman 4 to 5. Her clone warmup at 7. 730. I don't understand this. We're carrying a hurricane's warmup on QAM at 7, but then at 730, you got the hurricanes against Rutgers as Scarlet Knights, which goes on till 830. Then we switch to Game Over to Waxi 790, one of our little underlings stations. Because at 830, we got Panther P.V. on QAM. Nine of Midnight, it's a Panthers at the Phoenix Tio. There are probably a few people to see that. But third man. At a brand new arena, they're not drawn flies out there. And I go on Gratsky and Eddie Kampit again, Joe Mark overnight. Have you followed all that? Huh? Do you write it down on your wrist? What? Now this fact you just sent me. This is special. They even misspelled their own name, I think. Well there is no name. I don't blame them. So as Neil, I'm tired of everyone making such a big deal of this Janet Jackson thing. And KNOW, now one has mentioned the performance of Beyonce Noles, who's a hell of a lot of them Janet Jackson will ever be by the way, even I know that. But besides that, and can also sing, but besides that. Yeah, it says doesn't the NFL promote the team's cheerleaders. Don't confuse this for the fact. Don't say what that Debbie does Dallas crap again. I mentioned that the other day. And everybody, oh, don't say that. No, of course not. The NFL is upstanding and very pure, man. They're like, I've recently stopped. Right. Clean and pristine. What did you're this story? You love this? Just in from the Sun's Semi. This is talk about the, just in. Hey Justin, Yankees again, man. He makes me nauseous. Yeah. Another amazing that the whole world, at least all of America is talking about to a police tell that people on the face of the globe. That's the only way they can get the publicity. Justin, we've been trying to tell you for years now. Don't go away, angry. Just go away. Just go away. Bye, bye, bye. Two of the same men who tried to sell converted truck to the U.S. Lies Dear, were a border floating vintage car, caught chucking its way across the floor of the streets toward the keys from Cuba relative said, this is just the best if you don't succeed the first time. Marcella Basanta Lopez and Luis Gras Rodriguez, who were brought back to Cuba after the field of reach floor to make converted 51 Chevy pickup in July, were allegedly at the home of the newest vehicle boat conversion. You got a hand it to a man or creative. U.S. Coast Guard wouldn't confirm today the status of the tail fined 1950s car. Yeah, I wonder who was like a Henry J. You know, they sunk that truck. I hope it didn't sink this car. Oh, no, I want it. Vintage. It says tail fin 50s car was meant it was even an old Cadillac or maybe a Henry J or the Soto. Telfin 50s car or the origin of photos broadcast on TV yesterday. U.S. policy prevents the disclosure of information to the cases resolved, such as by repatriation, petty officer, Sandra Bartlett said, relatives told Basanta's cousin, Kiriat Lopez, Kiriat Lopez lives in like worth that they knew that we're planning a second escape attempt. My cousin isn't crazy. He wants to be free Lopez said, that's how crazy he is. Whatever that. Or maybe maybe what he made is he wants to live here. That's how crazy he is. And the event the neighborhood of San Miguel de Patron, Grasa Sista since he was awaiting news, they are very brave Valentina Grasad when you're so sure of what you have to do you cannot be afraid. That's what you said. I know what you're thinking. Be afraid. Be very afraid. Wait, see I've each a two it for once. For once or my life nice going. You'll man did it. In the previous attempt the truck boat was kept afloat by M. T. 55 gallon drums attached to the bottom as pond tunes. A propeller attached to the drive shaft was pushing it along at eight miles an hour. On the craft for nine men two women one small child apart from your new pair of three and one of each variety of mammal on the face of the globe. The truck was sunk by the Coast Guard as a as hazardous devotion navigation. Echoing returned to Cuba several of the people on board applied for political asylum. But all but Grasad were rejected. Grasad's application was still being processed pretty and become frustrated with the weight Lopez said, under US immigration policies as we know that wet foot wet back dry foot a drive back. Cubans who reach US shores of a lot of stay while those caught at sea are usually sent back for serious punishment. See maybe you can do like any auto repair business back in Cuba. Maybe fix up some of the mold gelapis we always see. And if you come to Canada you can hop out of playing or write fly right to a van I should mention it. We need to come here Canada can use the help so come to Toronto and hop out another plane of fly right to Cuba. Cuba. I love these cartoons you say. But they lose something in the translation. Are we putting any of these on a website? I don't know that they Adam printed the knot. So it's not like they were emailed to us. I guess one could research where they came from. It's kind of cute. This is the one in Punks of Tony where they were from the Orlando of Central is cartoon. They're all these solar people behind us. The Groundhog saw Janet Jackson's breast six more weeks of winter. That's cute. And the Groundhog's crack head like a the father look on the face. Not guessed the Groundhog has anyway. What are you putting now pulling out of this thing for? Then another one which boobs should be investigated. It's got two drawings here. This is what it's just from from the LA weekly. Lalo Alcarres is the cartoonist LA weekly. And so which boobs should be investigated. Got a picture Janet Jackson with an arrow pointing to her exposed breast and then on the right or and it's got a caricature of GW which boobs should be investigated. I think it goes without saying it. He asked me. And just one more note. I'm at delay on the Grammys. The life that he delay and crazed from the usual five seconds is yet to be determined. I think about a 10 hour delay would be safe. Right. So that we can pass it by Michael Powell and Jerry Fallwell and all the other goody two shoes. Right. They can call it liveish. Yeah. The move by CBS came after the powerful FCC on Monday launched an inquiry into the Nipple Gate scandal that stunned American audiences. Man, their growth is stunted and they are stunned by just a little teeny tiny bit of flesh. I got the load on and the blow down on that thing she had on. Yeah. You were wrong and so was everybody else. I got it right here in the Toronto Star. I know exactly what it is. I see quite clearly. What do you call it? It's a piercing. It's a elaborate piercing. It's a broach like this. Metal disc. Metal disc. Metal disc. It's a little disc. It's circular. And I got all the blood on on the here in a minute from the Toronto Star No less. They're going to be selling these like hotcake like halava in Jerusalem. That's what it says here. It's going to be some like Pia in Mexico City. 20 to 11 at 560 WQM. How many let's take a look at the poll before we do the break. Let's take quick peeksy of angels going on. Which of these do you think was the most of scene around rages? 184 votes? See things are coming down a little bit. GW Bush sends thousands of US troops to war based on lies 77. GW Bush deals the 2000 presidential election 56 as in Q56. I can't believe that most competing on this. WQM higher is how are they divided 19. You haven't lost it, Mo. Inron rips off investors from millions 10. Nine Michael Jackson everything else single digits so far. Just get in going. Danny and the tell wait to stick it doesn't have any and what about Rush? Is Rush got anything on there? Fingerpointy Rush Limbaugh turns out to be a jockey only one. So they're just getting into it. And of course most of it doesn't have to do with Nipple gates so you're not too excited about the other choices. Hey interest diabetic is a good choice to make because it tastes great, a good the meal replacement drink that anybody can drink and enjoy because it tastes good for you and for Pia diabetics as well. And a rest diabetic is sweetened with splendor which is made from sugar so there's no nasty he with almost all the other drinks which contain aspirate and saccharine. Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because of an big freak in hurry. And Rush diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides you with all the essential vitamins of minerals you need for a healthy life plus it's got fiber and antioxidants yet it's low and saturated fat and cholesterol. And Rush diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free and 8 ounce can provide 237 calories of easy digest nutrition you said. That trying to rest diabetic once you'll never go back to whatever you were drinking before you can pick it up all over town at publics Walgreens, Eckards Navarro's Sedano's No Abla English IE CVS not the local pharmacies to. In fact the makers are so sure you're going to love their product that they're giving away some free. That's right you'll get a two pack you can get you a free two pack with one sample of vanilla and one in chocolate full-size samples by calling their toll free number. One eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine rickett order on their website at interactivetic.com just click on what says free samples be sure mentioned the needle sent you by for the delicious one to get you seven additional special gift here's that toll free number again for your free two pack of interactivetic call one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine law You say, and say, it's the one, again, now they have only one, they take to the land. Nobody comes to die, we got them, they'll be our puppy and say, you got them, we know they're tightest of all, you got them, please, for us, for us, for us, for us. You say, and none of the lovers would beg of you to do me. And they'd be the mother of the own party, come to me. You believe in me, what they say, and they take like the call of the whole, as they embrace the state. You believe in me, what they call the whole, as they embrace the state. We got them, we got them, we got them, we got them, we got them. We got them, we got them, we got them. 1048, 12 to 11 at 5, 16 WQ and we got a few entries, a tricklin' in for our hot couple contest, and you can submit your entries from now through the 13th, which is a week from Sookas. We can Friday, right? And just email those pictures, go out there with your digital camera, your old Brownie-Hound camera, whatever you got, and take a picture, you can do it like, you know, at the hockey game like that one couple did. Right? Or like in your bedroom, or like wherever you want, I'm a ceiling on the floor, and email them to contestantiorages.com, couple would have most of them, and we'll put them up for voting the week of February 16th, the following week. Couple would have most votes wins their choice of either one of these prizes, trip or two to hedonism in Jamaica, or trip or two to the world, always is casino and a Bahamas. And the second place to run a rap gets whichever one of those fine trips is left over, third place prize dinner for two of the pizza lock. So we say dinner for trip or two. Are we saying what we're including an ad or not? I don't want to start getting Miguel all nervous and jerky, but you know. We'll get a clarification if it is like it was last year, yes, the one, I don't know which one goes with which one included airfare, then one did not, but then that would be kind of nice to know. I don't want to get Miguel nervous like I said, but be sure and send in personal messages of that website too, contestantiorages.com. And I will mention that many, many times today if we don't get like a clarification on exactly what these include and don't include, okay? Just so we can be like up and up on the up and up. We don't need any grief about phony contest like teach channels doing every now and then. Mostly now and not just then. Anyway, here's the today's daily not so notable death report thanks to one of our regular faches out there who's obsessed with this and it's good. Except for them, I guess. Eleanor Hall, Olympic swimists swimming gold medal winner and World Record holder became the first thing we also want to be chosen for three American Olympic teams was booted off the 30 60 minutes scandal when she was caught drinking and playing dice on the ship Bon for Berlin. Oh my god. She went on to appear in several films, including a starring role in 38 stars and as we vange. She died January 31 of kidney failure in a home in Miami. At the age of 91. Oh, that's old enough. 91. I think 90's older. George Tullock original investor in Titanic ventures limited partnership the group that mounted the first Titanic sava dex position in 1987. In recent years became involved in a project to try to locate the legendary loss of the Atlantis. DiGain number 31 in Bridgeport, Connecticut, Oban stated causes he was only 59. Now maybe now he can find Atlantis. And Denis O'Brien military reporter for the Virginia pilot newspaper was one of the first embedded journalist in Iraq. He traveled with Charlie company of the US Marine Second Light Armor reconnaissance pretend in from January 2003 to June 2003 before return to the US and was said to be somewhat traumatized by his experiences in Iraq. DiGain where 31st and an apparent suicide. And his Northrop Virginia homothage of only 35. Suicide. Wow, there you go. Fuck up another casualty from W's war on Iraq. Is Danny boy doing anything on a poor night? None. 249 votes and nobody. Well, that's because it's our crowd, you know. If it was on the sports show, of course they wouldn't have 249 votes all week, but nevertheless, Danny boy probably have all of them. All how many votes will they get? In a week, that figures for QM.com. Well, sorry Josh. By the way, if anybody wants to take that turkey off Josh's hands, you'd like to hand it right over to you just like the turkey that W handed the assolders at the bag that airport. Here you go. You take it. Now we don't want it. Let Mikey try it. Nobody wants to be involved with a QM.com. It is a real turdbergerman. Anyway, here's the inside story on the Janet's nip. It says they didn't shield their eyes. Janet wore a middle disc not pasty and the popularity of item likely to increase. What exactly was that thing on Janet Jackson's nipple and more importantly, where can you get one? It asks. When Justin Tinkerbell accidentally, of course, ripped the letter of breast cup of Jackson's. Of Jackson's neo-gothic courses during Sunday's Super Bowl halftime performance, the world caught an eye full of breast and little something else. Close inspection of photographs of the incident reveals that attached to Jackson's right nipple was a silver starburst ornament. It was an ornament was it a pasty, some kind of clip on nipple ring neither neither. It was a nipple shield according to Tarantonians who are in the know and it works like this. The ring fits around the protruding part of the nipple and the piercing or barbell, skewers it holding the shield in place like that drawing under it. Their decorations says Erica Day who works at the new Tribe on Queen Street West. The shop which specializes in piercing and tattoo arts has several models in stock, ranging in price from about 30 bucks to 80 bucks. Some are playing others more detailed like Jackson's. We don't sell many, he says a lot of people in the SNM crowd use them and some in the gay community use them. Gay. Generally nipple shields will be worn only briefly, God I says when you want to spice things up a little bit. Sasha Vaan Vaan Vaan, sex columnist and burlesque dancer, has seen a handful of people wearing the items at fetish parties, and especially a lot more in a wake of Jackson's performance. This occasion will certainly increase their popularity, she said, nothing like TV to make people do things. Operceptive she is Sasha Vaan Vaan Vaan. God I agree he says he dealt with countless queries about, Leverettes. Steel piercings youth primarily around the mouth and lips, similar to those worn by David Dramen of the band disturbed, celebrity transdively affect the cells of certain items he said. Leverettes. I thought that was a beer, the breasts. As for the comfort factor, the heavier they are, the less comfortable for some people's as Sasha that's obviously the point. And if you were wondering whether or not the metal was a touch nippy, so to speak, Sasha points out that like any jewelry, the metal would be warmed by the body. How do you like that? Yeah. Got a good article here too. I'm not gonna, we got just too many of them. I'll probably read just a few. God third man. I mean, this thing just, it has no, it has a life of its own. It never ends, you know? It's a, and of course now that it's segue into the Grammys with its 45 year delay. The name, Minnan, who writes in the Etrono Star wrote yesterday, dropped the outrage, Braplay was Blasay. Blasay is what he said. I'm not gonna read the first 90% of it. He says, you as president George W. Bush, when a pregame interview said he planned to watch the Super Bowl with family and friends, bowed out of the nipple controversy. I don't want to admit it, but because this White House starts early, I missed it again, Bush told reporters, saw the first half denazi the half time. I was preparing for the day in Felicellip. Rye, it says. Other high ranking Americans were not as disingenuous or diplomatic. Michael Paul, the chairman of the FCC, Blasad MTV and CBS, both on by Viacom and said the federal regulator would launch a swift and immediate investigation. He called the incident a classeless crash into pleurable stun. All they shot in horror and moral outrage were tough to understand. Doesn't Powell watch American TV, sex is everywhere, sex sells, especially in the music business, whether it's little cam exposing your breast on the red carpet or Brittany French kissing Madonna or Nelly Implearing your young women to take off all their clothes. And the Super Bowl, the most watched event of the year, symbolizes the nexus between commerce and spectacle. For 1999, viewers could have even purchased that half time package including the lingerie bull, a tackle football game between two models of scantily clad female models. There were commercial sun in night featuring lesbian kisses, farting horses and spots for erection enhancing the drugs, pure phrase of a tagline warning, and erection that lasts more than four hours is not normal and you should see immediate medical attention. Daddy, what's an erection? I doubt that anybody under the age of 35 was shocked by the fleeting side of Jackson's purest nipple. Was this planned? Was it a hem award-robile function? Doesn't matter because to an entire generation was about a shocking as a cup of hot chocolate. Ironically, one of the bands that played during the pregame show was Derrand Derrand, a group that earned some controversy more than 20 years ago for its risk aid girls on film video. Today that 1982 video would elicit mostly yons from board toddlers, and that's the interesting thing about the nipple controversy. Growing up are either willfully blind or hopelessly naive when it comes to what the kids are watching these days and you are. Just like the language thing, oh my god, their kids are going to hear those words. Right. Please, as George would say, white man, please. Yeah. 1056 and nobody always said crack of please. 1056 and nobody probably used to say. Probably want a cracker. Please. 1056 and 560 WQA. Let me tell you about your mattress man. If it's a hit it, it'll tell you. Your back will feel it in the morning and you won't do it with a crap all day long. If you got a good mattress, one that's really brand new and outstanding in brand name from Valor. Mattress, you get a great night sleep every night. So that's the way you want to go. Because if you're not kidding, a good night sleep, you feel like crap. Tokyo ripped off now because president says less than two weeks away, which means the malls girls and showrooms are going to be running their annual fony sales in which they double up the price. And then they say, hey, look at this. We're giving you half off. Forget about that. If you want, we're rock bottom prices on the best mattresses going all year long every day, even on circus. Call 1-800 mattress. That's the number for dial a mattress. No bait and switch. No fony sales. They got all the top names at rock bottom prices. Seely and serve as Simmons King Coral. Tempered it can now even stirrens and bananas foster. Choose from dozens of models at lower-day discount prices. And give you that to our delivery window that meets your schedule any day, seven days week when it's continued for you between 8 and 8 and 10 in the PM. Dallama Prizes mighty proud of their overall customer satisfaction and I guarantee you when you call them the first time you never think of call anybody else again. I've been using them for years and even George and Boca Brian Miguel and Fatboy are calling dial a mattress now. If you want a great night sleep, if your mattress is headed, Call her right now, there'll be there before the end of the day. Call 1-800 mattress. That's 1-800-MATTRES or check on our online at mattress. Macros.com. And local this is Fort Real 565. 2 AM. This is the Neil Roger Show. This is your blame. Any questions? For times you put the economy above all over with truth that I drink. And daily crystal too once bad our bush is through with you. And in the shower you self-hating juice. And in the shower you feel like you're going to be back. And in the shower you feel like you're going to be back. And in the shower you feel like you're going to be back. And in the shower you feel like you're going to be back. And in the shower you feel like you're going to be back. And in the shower you feel like you're going to be back. And in the shower you feel like you're going to be back. And in the shower you feel like you're going to be back. And in the shower you feel like you're going to be back. And in the shower you feel like you're going to be back. It's 1100567WQA. Your desperate station for the new maloney. Well, we got many many great stories on our website if I say so myself, but one headline clips by the name is Pearl Not Richard Pearl, it is fabulous. It's much too long for me to read on the air, but take a peek at it Okay, and be quick. Look at the Timothy pictures in the cartoons stuff like that and if you can't read Have somebody read it to me you love it. Not Richard Pearl You're like this story photos lead I'm I'm stalling you know because I got these 80 million Justin and Janet stories Including the the record said the internet may collapse Under the weight of the tremendous demand for pictures and slow-mo and freeze-frame and stories and inside edition and outside inies and outies It's it's phenomenal. It's amazing And like I said before, it goes to show you that America is so I thought that only the Brits were emotionally constipated No, just matter to green of course keep in mind that they were our our for our fathers Just remember the Puritans left Britain because they didn't like it there Right exactly and so then that's why they brought it all here Anyway photo is lead to charges and alleged gang rape it's always a good idea when you have a gang rape To photograph it and take it to like you know one hour photo What would you do that's we take it right down to Walmart gang rape is fun well anyway Prosecutors in Salt Lake City know less all man Have charged three suspected gang members with sexual assault and other counts after pictures taken of alleged gang rape Surface today one hour photo shot gang rape is fun. Get out of here and Employee at the photo shot discovered pictures of several many gauges in sex acts with an apparently unconscious 13-year-old girl But a 30 city attack is reposing for the camera and flashing gang signs. I wonder what else they were flashing Investigators said they traced license plates on in the photos that a West Valley city resonance in Salt Lake City The owner of that house directed them to another house He owned that was vacant because of remodeling investigate his recognized that house is the one depicted in the photos at The scene they found earrings later determined to be belong to the alleged victim and vomit they found puk They found two of the suspects at a different house. They also found gang paraphernalia and a codec Advantage camera the same kind used to take these sexually explicit photos a codec advantage camera anybody by's codec That's the one thing I'll agree with I'm a son, you know Even though I'm from Rochester and I love these been code accurately stated hundred years ago, but forget about it. Absolutely Absolutely is a compliment to be honest with In fact, it's the first thing it comes to my mind besides Rochester. I think we spend codec obsolete. That was a long time ago Before I'm little slightly hijab started moving in on our business or I'll say that Don't be picking on him food you people Like host 50 daily report Janet makes history Shocking man such as our website like I think it was just us, but of course we already knew that it wasn't Anybody's got a website even like weekly weed or calm. I mean everybody is just bombarded. Oh, where can we see it again? Oh Jesus I hate to break the bad news to you, but it wasn't really her breast. It was a stump breast. Right, this is body double. I don't say that Don't say that would burst their Pfft! Bubble Janet Jackson exposing her breast during the Super Bowl half time show on Sunday night has proved to be the most Searched event in a history of the internet You don't have to search just go on neo-rojus.com. Right. I think we got the best photos We got the close up. We got we got Justin just yankin that baby right off in there We're being in slow-mo freeze frame We do because I searched hundreds of pages to make sure that we got the best most detailed one On Monday Janet Jackson and they have time sure we saved 60 times as many searches as the periselt and sex tapes in any TIE 80 times. I'm tongue-tied. I can't even sit 80 times as many searches as Britney Spears Well when you top Britney man then you're in heaven Yeah Jackson was searched 50 times for every request for the topic that normally dominates on the day after the game Super Bowl commercials Let me say it again Jackson was searched 50 times for every request for the topic that normally dominates on the day after the game Super Bowl commercials she also received 270 times as many searches as the street Run on the field before the second half Well and this is what really depresses me and 350 times as many searches are Super Bowl MVP Tom Brady Like guaranteed as I held a lot prettier than Janet Jackson any day the week Janet and probably has a better nip Janet Jackson wasn't the only person involved in this that of course Justin think your bell received 40 times as many searches as he does on a normal day How many does he get on normal day? Probably Prior to this week the most searched event in the history of lycoes 50 over a one day period was the 911 attack on America Although it's very difficult compared searches for the two events it looks like the Super Bowl halftime show was the equal of 911 It comes to internet attention that is to put it bluntly mind blowing. Oh, they said that Are you ready for that? Yeah, are you ready for this lock them? Just goes to show you man Why is it difficult compared it says the Super Bowl halftime show was a single event Search as we've all almost entirely around two phrases either Super Bowl halftime or Janet Jackson Everybody knew exactly what they were looking for On 911 however, nobody really knew what they were looking for Confused about what had happened not to mention multiple attacks cause lycoes uses to search for a huge number of different terms From the places attack world trade center Pentagon near city to those attacking us or some have been lawed in Taliban to a hoax about Prediction of the attack no stood on us Remember that crap oh No stood on us predicted this was gonna happen. Yeah, just like everything else you predicted Nostal Domus When's the last time I played that Do you mind on the discovery channel it's coming up? See how we need a little bit of um instead of To dig back into the files and resurrect some of these golden goodies Anyway now it says when you add all those different terms together get less than oh Jesus When you add all those different terms together you still get less than half as many search requests as we received on Monday For Janet Jackson a Super Bowl halftime show However you also have to consider the massive rise in searches for terms like Breaking news and latest news on on 11 and searches for news organizations from CNN and Fox you should pardon the expression There was no similar rising searches for news organizations on Monday with one exception the Uncise Fudge report which posted pictures of the exposed breath and by the way Miss Fudge did a pretty crappy job We got to beat sideways to hell We see 30 times the searches against Unnormal day and the increase in news searches on 9 11 of the all specific searches for 9 11 related topics The end together and the total is roughly equivalent to the number of searches for Janet Jackson the halftime show still The fact that a single breast received as much attention as the first attack on US soil in 60 years It says here is beyond belief Using their words beyond belief Beyond say belief right oh But it's a good thing I just looked down here again Why why I just had a way Now function there at the junction Good time with down real quick didn't poop your pants again did you? No, not yet Well not until I get to these other 500 stories on the a flat And how many more days can we continue talking about that Jesus Christ Almighty and probably the Grammys you have any idea what kind of a tune in audience is gonna be for that Not now that they've announced that delay. What's the part? People want to see us are gonna really work are they gonna try to do something will we pull would be able to see if they really Bleep something out you know you know how that goes She'll have a standing ovation when she goes up there to present that award you think I know so there'll be they'll be Howling right there'll be hooding and screaming and howling like the letterman audience I mean making those like the City water yeah, that's your city rod it's a bit who like that like a bunch of orangutan like Prudence on passions or whatever name with patience prudence 246 votes on a poll which is shocking in itself. It's only like 10 after 11 I mean where does this stop you know I'm saying Which of these do you think was the most obscene around rages? GW bushing thousands of US troops to war based on lies 141 GW bushtiels the 2000 presidential election 100 and everything Else compared to those two is way way behind WQM high as Mohour David at 26 of some that was obscene and Ron rips off investors for midi in 2022 Clinton the Winsky sex scandal penis gates 17 Michael Jackson molest cancer stricken kid alleged 13 WQM fire Scott Ferrell a dozen finger pointing rush limbo turns out to be a junkie 11 Dan Reno tells Wayne to stick it three Robert Blake kills Bonnie Lee alleged one and none yet For Martha Stewart insider trading alleged or Justin Janet's super No votes Zero for the Justin Janet Super Bowl flap. I'll thank God for this audience. You know it after all these years they finally be a stirred my Faith in them Nobody finds it up scene shocking outrageous unacceptable they just want to see it over an over again. That's all WQM hello My oxy-cuff and thank you Thanks rush coming on a noon by the way and another station WQM hello Municipal bit oh haven't heard from her in a long time 560560 pond five hasn't been able to get through with him. So whipped up that that must be the first sign the things that I come into a little bit Oh, and yes, oh, I got attended this you will just die When I tell you this you know how they have ready to go these little tiny focus groups seven people here You know when the elections are on right so last night MSNBC they had one of their fat reporters out there in Was it Arizona? They're making difference I guess Arizona Oklahoma somewhere I don't know there were seven dark folks they don't have any Oklahoma So anyway they're sitting around in some room and they're thinking about who they're gonna vote for who they support you audio audience So the after after the voting goes on we come back to them later on. Here's a bald-headed black guy Like they'd like to play like trust-raft for bigger head though, okay, and he's sitting there and the guy goes to him first He says and Reverend Jones what are your thoughts on the And I thought to myself he's everywhere he has abs. I can't get away from him no matter where now I go Reverend Jones I just about Pete my pants I heard John Dean just about I mean Howard Dean I made the same mistake. They're always make Howard Dean just about Pete his pants too That is when he saw the results all we're doing just fine. Oh, we're fine. We got like 7% here 5% over there 11% over here Pretty weak man pretty lame Howard Of course we all knew that Howard was lame absolutely that's not the more talking about well he oh He he deserves credit. He did some exciting things but now he has to make way for the real contenders and not just be to pretend No, no, I'd like Julie women did last night You know that they were talking about having John Edwards as the running man. He was what he was on the shortlist For Gore's running mate four years ago Okay, now goes to show you that's why everybody's running away a foul-gory endorser Oh, goes to show you what a bad Choice algorithm made bad advice that would have cinched it if he would have picked John Edwards as first to Orthodox Unablemine he to one by a glance lie they've been able to fix the election What got all those fence sitting goobers? Oh man what a swat a shame now you're such a loser 1113 at five 60 WQM welcome in the Chinese New Year with the M.O. Coast Chinese buffet from now through February 8 which means another four days To any M.O. Coast in their traditional Chinese New Year specialties Howl they specials include roasted duck Suckling pigs sweetens our fish and in the short amount of Chinese dumplings serve every day during the New Year celebration With their V. Meal every child receives a traditional Chinese New Year lucky charm and of course as usual They got the regular buffet delights as well a whole crap load them Start out with any of six different soups try them all if you like dozens of second-in-one on trays The likes of which is seldom of scene anywhere is New York strip made of order and are sizzling Asian grilled Their new seafood say Jacques oysters on the half show a lasken stone crab middle-like clams jumbo shrimp scampy They have handcar prime rib their new Thai specialties too a full salad bar a new sushi bar and fresh from cocktail as well And don't forget no MSG no cornstarch no crap into cooking they cook everything only with cholesterol for your all too And if you have some room left at the end of this incredible pig out just pace yourself Save room for dessert because the dessert station is worth it featuring Belgian waffles pies cakes Pastries ice cream and all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well three locations for the M.O. Coast Chinese buffet in sunrise Pine Island a 44th street on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd street north Miami Beach and the other six different mingo and pebble grows in Pembroke pies take the entire family or book your next business lunch and right now and let the good folks at M.O. Coast cook up a storm for you Take out and delivery available to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five Seven two thirty eight twenty two. It is an amazing feast at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet Five local this is five sixty three is all your Tonight are the discovery channel nostril goddess What did he really say in the year Two great So a wing the mechanical birds will crash into a building now Two buildings Then open is going to buy this Two Giant torrette did it will fly to the great city blending in two mountains No, no There's no mountains in the city. Well some put some I guess wait wait We are in 1961 it will be the only here that will be read the same way upside down No All right, there we go in the year 25 25 if man is still alive Oh This pinching which they'd hurry up and invent on the way lost all the Tonight only on the discovery channel. I didn't know he knew Ziggering Evans did you know 11 19 at five sixty I'll just reach in back for something here off the effects off the copier up the copier Facts scanner or whatever it is But it's back to business as usual at the main branch of the US Postal Service in Manhattan after test of a powdery substance discovered inside of in ruled non-toxic The powder was said to be fallen from a standard sized envelope inside of the facility But after testing inspectors found no cost for alarm has mat crews were called out after two reports of white powder discovered in two Manhattan postophosilities at the main post office at 8.33rd Street into Morgan postophosiline nearby a white powder fella one of your former friends by the way showed up to an investigation A postal service spokesman said to substance found that the Morgan postophosilie turned out to be dust from some sheet rock Ready for that? Now so first they thought it was like maybe anthrax or rice in the turn out to be nothing more than a pile of sheet rock The investigation continuously white powder found at the thoroughly post office and Powder found it now below put a mail processing center where anthrax was discovered in 2001 in Walling for Connecticut is turned out to be Yeah, wood ash oh that yeah, you told me test the negative for rice in the turns out to be just wood ash The race Andy powder was found Monday night leaking out of an envelope addressed to the Republican National Committee Oh now it's their turn huh? Remember was all Democrats with the anthrax so they're guests are tested out the rice number Republicans Well, let's see one two three four Five you'll be pleased though. We have only like another half dozen stories on Justin and Jen And then we can like put the flat to rest for a few minutes. Okay, okay Well, we should all ever want to overdo it to we sure milk it for all we came in that's my comment about that Brest thing milk it for all you can squeeze it manipulated and go with it run with it Justin rips booby trap everybody's got this is the daily news today now even Justin is mad at Janet Justin Tinkerbell is telling friends the Janet Jackson blindsided him with the last second press bearing edition to their Super Bowl acts or say The pop stars tip over Sunday's bosom bombshell came as the head of MTV which produced a half time show for CBS Blame Jackson for the peep show seen by an audience of 89 million Janet Jackson and Jen Herd and TV chief executive Tom Freshen said we were puked by Janet Jackson Oh, you know who was on the biography last night biography channel. I give up salmino Yeah, remember salmino Tell me with the James dance He was gay She lied to him at Timberlight pal told the daily news Justin had no prior knowledge of the shenanigans He thought there was gonna be a red bodice when he ripped off her top and low and behold There was a nipple oh God there's a nipple there. Well. He doesn't know to us about that stuff Yeah, even I would have known that another friend of Tinkerbell said Jackson begged him for days to team with her for the Super Bowl Or was they performed his song rock your body She took advantage of him the friend said she's a 37 year old singer who's using a hot young star To keep her career alive. He's about as hot as the Arctic Circle Jackson apologized money admitted she gave the shows producers no warning that she was planning any Bottis bust out it was not my intention for it to go as far as it did she said Mean while though a specter replay of the dirty dancing act that Sunday's Grammy CBS Which is also televising the ward show said it will use a videotape delay during the broadcast Jackson is still scheduled me a presenter and Tinkerbell still scheduled before form Wouldn't it be something if he liked whipped it out or he tried it with it out and it turned out was like nothing here And order his old smoothie now MTV points finger blame a Jackson see everybody's point in the finger now Time Warner seeks refudder advertising money Great Singer Janet Jackson mastermind of these super will have time stunt to left to her the right breast exposed and Prop that a federal proven a TV indesian see the head of MTV said yesterday Janet Jackson engineered We just got through we know the blame on Jackson comes on a second They have followed after pop idol Justin think about turoff half of Jackson's black leather Bush the a while the pair were singing to do it Where does this guy's name at how it's to where the hell he comes here? The guy who produced a half time show for CBS had Tinkerbell was informed of the stunt just moment before we took the stage with Jackson How wait a minute? He was informed of the stunt just moments before he took the stage with Jackson The stunt which Tinkerbell said was due to a wardrobe malfunction sparked wide thread spread viewer complaints Friends the first and said either CBS or the NFL is rescinded or demanded refund of MTV's production fees But sources from a good situation said the incident could possibly cause CBS name I fell millions of dollars millions and millions and millions in fact the sources told writers that time order ain't what Where's this from this particular stress from my writers? No, sir, ma'am, I said be seen. I wonder nobody watches him. It's a piece of crap. I should just move down to something credible In fact, I'm gonna go to the other one After paying for I have time showing instead getting a peat show a well made a man some of its money back The Super Bowl was supposed to be AOL's chance to shine the first cell But when it's new two hundred million dollar advertising came in and of course on this show we hate a well-like poison We despise a well. They're the devil in fact I've said it as George even hates AOL more than he hates Bell. No, I mean no, let me try it again more than he hates South no almost as much no well close no The instead it's 10 million dollar sponsorship of the halftime showing numerous commercial spots turn it away disaster Because the Janet Jackson inability he per clothes on what does that fear the whole world is talking about this now This is the only thing anybody cares about there are people dying all kinds of crap going on There's rice in the mail nobody cares about these things And that we had seven lessons last night anybody care. Oh no Even the candidates as soon as the primary is as soon as the numbers were in where do we go back and see that we play again? First don't prevent an AOL from streaming the halftime show online which was part of its original deal Aha, well, why couldn't they have like bleep that out? Are they that in nectar? They that incompetent? That's why we hate them. AOL's finished a distant itself from the controversy while AOL was disponse of the superbowl halftime show We did not produce it the company said this name and like the NFL We were surprised and disappointed with certain elements of the show AOL has doubled its advertising budget these year Hope we do attract more users last year the company lost two point two million subscribers and anybody with a brain We'll say one thing to AOL Bye bye, bye, immediately if not sooner A banging the butt Okay Hey guys you want to cheer up have rid me sit on your face All right make that old acting clear all when bring me sit on your face Forget about your white sugar over now on Neil and St. Graze Baddish a buff that beard and stash their eight stick of the paste You're really gonna love that when bring me sit on your face Oh, I didn't love you with my man when bring me sit on your face Looks like a problem when release Stocks sitting down Rick needs it on your plate Every needs it's on your face Imagine Rick needs fear sleeping her clothes all over your floor Knowing it just a minute or two we're gonna score Oh, I love that did he be stewed before Brittany sit on your way Can't hold on to bite on you when Brittany sit on your way Stop dreaming and clean up your planes because she wants a brand new In your dreams under 32 at five 60 WM and this just in the massive two-sets high court today Rule that only full equal marriage rights for gay couples rather than civil unions would meet the edict of its November decision Erasing any doubts that the nation's first same-sex marriages would take place in the state beginning in mid-May The court issued the opinion and response to request from the state Senate about whether Vermont style civil unions Which conveyed the benefits but not the title of marriage will meet constitutional mustard The much anticipated opinion sets the states for next Wednesday's constitutional convention where the legislature will consider an amendment that would legally Define marriage as union between one man and one woman without the opinion Senate president Robert tavelini said this vote would be delayed The Supreme Court the Supreme judicial court rule to November that same-sex couples have a constitutional right to marry and gave the legislature Six months to change state laws to make it happen or else but almost immediately the vague wording of the ruling left law makers And advocates on both side of the issue uncertain if Vermont style civil unions would satisfy the court's decision and they said So there you go, so there's another big flap in Massachusetts Look at how many votes we got man in an hour in ten minutes. Yeah 451 votes what what is going on here man? Thank you again Janet I'm not gonna say thank you just because he makes my skin crawl plus he's bling her for he's put it on her ass And she took the responsibility even though she's lying that's right She what does she care her family's got so much other heavy duty crap going on without the she care about this Right give her all the credit for it right on Go on by Janet Jackson's new album. Okay go on by her new singular new album and Oh, much of stuff. I think it was my and just one of those metal discs to dance trade 451 votes which of these do you think was the most of senior outrageous? Let's start at the bottom Okay, let's start right down there at the bottom 400 like I said 452 votes Robert Blake kills money the alleged only one just in Janet Super Bowl flap only one How do you like that Michael Paul you asshole you proved you idiot You what is it again? Overroot crude One from Martha Stewart insider trading alleged eight Dan Marino tells Wayne the stick it W to Q and fire Scott for r L 13 Michael Jackson the less cancer string kid loads 14 finger punny rush Limbaugh turns out to be a junkie 14 Clint Lewinsky sex scandal 22 and Ron Rips off investors for millions QM hire his more Howard David at 32 he's in third place that a week third way way behind W he can't hold a candle to him GW both deals the 2000 presidential election 130 and George W boosters Thousands of US troops to war based on lies 186 41.1 percent of nearly 500 votes damn Chocking in it W Q M hello Hey, any news on the hurricane signing the willy Williams 560 pound 560 on the AT&T In comparison I heard they hired they signed Walt no neck Williams is that they signed neck a red Judge can verify that Walter no neck Williams just signed with hurricanes a 20 year deal W Q M hello And you know you wonder why we don't take a lot of calls We just drop in one here one there. Hey, only once a day you idiot you moron You schmuck W Q M hello Hello, yes sir I like to say that the only people should begin upset over a genus breast of national geographic magazine because she plays your eyes them from a 1965 issue Can you's got game you know right down to the starburst cluster who was it? What you saying Jordan yeah hey kill he sounded like hey kill a cartoon character from TV oh there was Hank Hill 560 on speaking to that I'm glad he brought that up even with that fake voice Let me just say this to you okay? National geographic through a TV shows right How about PBS when they do those documentaries? That's not brilliant I see okay, so another word but I thought that that nipple in the breast was dangerous and the With these shows that I'm talking about her within that family viewing time Right before like everybody on the age of 100 is asleep you don't get it the breasts of underdeveloped people are not dangerous I see well thank god I just discovered that kind of like their animals Bob says did anyone ever think that Justin Tinkerbell was right when he talked about a wardrobe malfunction after all It probably was designed for both breast to be exposed no Justin couldn't finish his usual My god the excellent point Bob as far as the Grammys go don't worry the next step will be to have the nightly network news on a tape delay So the FCC can approve red and all stories before they aired it says carry or Canada in O4 Very good. Maybe one of the best factions of all time. Thank you Bob I'll make way for it to border law. We'll have you clear to come on in Justin Jenin the weapons of mass distraction rights my good friend Katrina van den who will in the nation I never used to read anything until our our student listeners. Well, I guess I'm paying a lot more tension to the nation website now Which is great? Plus it's a lot cheaper than going out by the magazine Anyway Katrina rights Justin Jenin and weapons of mass distraction The investigation will be thorough and swift policy yesterday our nation children parents and citizens deserve is Is there better that would be Michael not colon? Powell and this is not about that investigation in those pesky missing WMDs It's that high level proven to who knew what and when about how Janet Jackson's breast adorned with a Silver nipple guard was exposed by pop idol Justin Tinkerbell before millions of upstanding Americans during a superbowl half time show Surfing Tuesday morning shows I've literally counted more time devoted to heated discussion about one ticker About called a wardrobe malfunction than to debate about the administration's Hiping and cherry picking excuse the word of intelligence in order to mislead the nation into war But I'm not shocked that our TV culture cares more for weapons of mass distraction nor my shock at Michael Powell shock As executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy Jeff Chester points out Powell is trying to Distract the public and press from any the impact of his decision last June changing the media rules and making CBS among others far more powerful Powell's rule changes have done more than anything to support the rude loot business model of the big networks A fact he's hoping his investigation will obscure And let's not forget his sister reminds us that CBS is now lobbying the Bush in the White House and the GOP leadership for more favors After the administration learned a lean-down Congress to cut a special deal to which to go on TV ownership Allowing Viacom and Fox to keep extra stations over the previously legal limit How about an FCC investigation in that kind of a decent CCS could feed a van in the whole elimination anybody care about that No, they don't they only care about a TV baby a little bitty-titty. I can't imagine when I'm playing after the break I give up I need to be 400 guesses in the first 25. I don't like that. There's a lot more in you do. I don't know why I like it I like it. It just reminds me of something Frank Zappa That around you little Frank Zappa. Isk Teddy little Bob with Brown on you Frank Zappa nothing like having little Bobby Brownish We got the man dog at two the hopper is in the studio. Like I said bring your oxygen and gas mask Cancun be in the studio 4 to 7. I were wind him in the 4 to 5 hour Hurricane I don't want to go through though this stuff okay if you like to hurricanes basketball turn on waxy Okay, you hear the beginning of it on our station, but after we're and you know when it gets to the good part turn over to waxy If you're a Panther fan we got the Panther preview a 39 and then the Panthers at the coyotes The finished coyotes not a midnight boy really I can't even begin to imagine how many people be there for that Any k-follows the hockey game enjoy mark overnight 2 to 5 in a a Dr Howard Dean Governor Is it okay to tap into the American voters' consciousness. Then, an accidental overdose of embarrassment. Alter's body chemistry. And, uh, will our dealers agree or afraid? A startling metamorphosis occurs. With the current hearings to him by rage, and pursued by a nation of reporters. We're the California and Texas, in the earth! We're going to stop the code of headmiss again! And then we're going to watch it and you see the big back-to-way goes! The creature is wanted for a thyroid and I, uh, how it gains political futures believed to be dead. And in a slut-the-world thing that is his dead, until he can find a way to control the raging spirit that dwells within him. It'll take a herkially and effort by a bust-load of spin doctors to change the public perception of the governor. The only living creature in his life who still believes in him is blind, deaf, mute, dog, lucky, the creature must run to protect himself, but where will he go? We're going to California and Texas in the earth! We're going to South Dakota! And then we're going to watch it and you see the dark-to-way goes! You're going to go to the home show! We're going to go to the home show! 14 Kg, 560W, you're coming, you got a late minute line-up change. Be sure and get your race around. Always with a QM line-up, have a pencil and a race-up. Don't ever write in in-delabling. Boats to infer the hump or the sap known, and probably Hank was listening to my advice rather than chance it. Because he just came back from Vegas and then I see tomorrow he's going to be doing it the Royal Behemien. So rather than take a chance, that's the Royal Behemien Rocker Ruby and same difference. Right in take a chance in that studio, take his life in his hands and his health. That's a good choice. I mean, the book is young and strong, he can handle it. So Boatshambi, who's a great play by play guy, great in a Marla games, ought to be doing the entire Marla games by himself, and Schmidt can at boring, terminal of ponderous Dave Ann Boring, but anyway Boogle beyond 4-7. And I'm assuming, sure what I were going to have been 4-5. Why not? You can handle it. We have over 500 votes and it's not even noon yet. I mean, this is just something is going on out there. And like I said, thank you Janet. Thank you. Thank you. Much as Gracious. Gratzi Miele. Protecting the purity of American or else to believe, no, what is it? How you say thank you. Talk to you, Val. See. I got my eight words of Dutch written on my armpit. Protecting the purity of American children or what exactly is obscene. Now this is written by Brigitte Schoen, Shane Schoen, who's an international conference interpreter of Austrian National, and lives in Vienna, Austria. Okay. This is how someone arrested the world is looking upon American now, with his titty incident. Okay. What is big flat over a little booby. Brigitte says last night February 2nd, the German Public TV channel ZDF, Edited's Primetime News program at 715 pm, with the report about the Super Bowl game the night before. At first viewers retreated to be display of nationalist fervor, flags flying American virtues extort, which is not only highly unusual in today's Europe, but also leisure peans rather uncomfortable. It reminds them of the times when such exhibitions of Django was a more common in Europe as well, and equally reminds them of what followed from that. In short, it reminds them of a lot of dictatorships in Europe during the last century, and they often find such pictures of scene. Oh! He's already off to a bad start as far as the Bush people are concerned right? You bad. Huh. Then ZDF treated the audience to the sequence where Janet Jackson's breast is briefly exposed, the commentator added that in Puritan America, this is considered a scandal. We can... We can assume that many Americans felt rather uncomfortable about it and considered such pictures of scene. As American friends assure me, the going argument is, there were children watching this. Ever since that I've been pondering about the innocence and purity of American children. One thing that struck me was that a naked female breast is considered obscene in America, while it is at the same time considered an outrage that Muslim men view the entire female body as something indecent and don't want to expose them public. I'm not quite sure why the fact that a naked breast is obscene in one culture is okay, while it's considered ridiculous in the sign of oppression, if other cultures find the entire body of women from here to two obscene if you'd naked. Or the other way around, why is any part of a female body so obscene that it's not to be seen by children? On the other hand, it is obviously not considered obscene if American children can watch the bombing of towns by their own people on prime time TV, and actually watch people die live from CNN. It is not considered obscene if American children watch other children without limbs amidst rubble, without any relatives in Middle Eastern Central Asian countries. It is not considered obscene to watch children on TV who are starving. It is not considered obscene to be shard with violence on TV or to play violent computer games. It is not considered obscene to hear about minors on death row in certain US states. None of the evils seem to review to something that might deeply disturb American children. But if American children can get a glimpse of a naked breast, they're about to be damaged for the rest of their lives to judge from the reactions in America. European children do have to birthsee a lot of naked female breast for quite a while. Apart from that, they see a lot of naked female breast on films on TV, on billboards and on public beaches while they grow. So seeing naked breast is no big deal. Are European children as result more violent than American children? Are they more prone to becoming criminals for that reason? Are they more disturbed? Not that I know of, she says. Many European parents think on the other hand that their children might get damaged by violence on TV or computer games. They might get damaged growing up at a world full of aggression and injustice. They might get damaged in a world where the poor are left to die. So right now, a lot of us are somewhat bewildered. What do American adults expect to happen when a child sees a naked breast? What kind of terrible damage are they afraid of? What incredible, unspeakable trauma will occur when she, which surely must do everything else in American child as subjected to in his or her life? That they might one day find a female breast more interesting than waving their flag maybe? Written by Bridget Sean. Yeah. Who was an Austrian interpreter of Luzenvi and Austria? Acha Puleba. Yeah. And that great? It is great. I like the first part there. And we're the, an answer on CDF showing the Janet Jackson thing. He says, in Puritan America, this is considered a scandal. It's just like the penis gay thing with Vubba in the Vl�ia. Same thing. Rest of the world was like laughing or asking, oh my God. And they did. Wow. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and twice. Let's say that in a whole bunch of calls here. Okay. Well, I take a rest. All this reading man. I want to get off on his reading jag again. Spoiler good thing while it's just starting again. WCWM. Hello. WCWM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You know, it's a drag now. I find it's obscene. I have no idea. Did the tipsy channel because I had no idea what punch the Tommy filled it. Did. And Groundhog Day. And what's it hard that was really Nelson and what's another country thing. And we're singing together when one is from one extreme with respect to the other. Toby Keith. Toby Keith. Yeah. Once. And you know what's the theme? Yeah. You know what's the theme? You signed this call, yes. Yeah. Absolutely. A record. Mr. Wexler. Yeah. They're talking about that they got the approval to put the printers on these volume machines. Yeah. They're holding up the money so that we could do anything. We have a problem. We can't recount anything in Florida. Are you talking about he's one of the ones that is demanding the. Exactly. He did. And he got it. And in Palm Beach they voted seven. Seven nothing for it. And yet Bush and everybody else is against it. And give him a hard time and drag. So if you try to say his bushes of scene while I would agree with that. And if you look at our website, the Democratic slogan. Right. No more read my lips. No more bush. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, they're not going to be looking at that too. See, they'll be looking at those pictures of Janet and Justin. And then they'll be looking at that other thing on there that's gone. A clock. The rest thing in that song. Was that what it is? Just a camel toe. Right on. Which of these do you think was the most seen around rages? Look at the votes. 536 is not even noon yet for Christ's sake. Do I can see that? What? Do a thousand. Easy. We can't like to a thousand votes a day. Like during the show is a regular course. So this is amazing. You're almost saying somebody was listening. I don't know. I don't know what to make of this phenomenal. Because when you read that thing about like hosts and these first of all, where would anybody who was in the list of the show know about our website anyway? Right. Right. On the last. You think that if you do search for Janet Jackson, I don't think so. What did? That's fine. Yeah. Do a search for Janet Jackson and see if it like links everybody up with our website. Wouldn't that be great? I would be sensational. I would like make 15, 20 cents before the end of the day. Wow. That would be fabulous. Then he wouldn't have to be going. Oh. Like that all the time. Right. So do that search. Of course. What do you do? The search. Have you heard? I want to do a Google. Do an Google, Google, Google and Google. Ok. Next. Alright. Next. Firext. Five six seven five 60 pound 50. I like that last. Paul. He was my kind of call. WCWM. I'm man how are you. Pretty good. How are you doing? Excellent. I'm nice. It's already there. Great. Another thing you're trying to talk about how many hits are coming from people that are listening. If you found out how many hits came from when the show was on. Until it stopped.That would be a pretty good thing. Right, but what I'm talking about is compared to our usual response on there. I mean granted that there probably a lot of people listen to don't pay attention to our website because they don't find anything interesting But I'm saying that some of this has to be coming from people who ordinarily didn't even know about this show. Oh, yeah, and that's a good idea to have the Janet Jackson Google search wait To your site Absolutely back so I take care sir, then due to thank you. Yes. I don't have the time to look at all the 21 I'm sure you don't have the 85 million right It's I'm sure it's in there. It's one of those 21 thousand plus results. I put in I put in Janet Jack's hole eating moly man Play the America like a fiddle I scorn Janet you go girl never like to be for until until this moment and ever we like to now I love her After they write her brothers asked and we'll put now put her in that after we'll get her the glove We can give her all of his money whatever he's got love and I guarantee you won't be molesting them little boys Hello, I think I don't know what her is it her Latoya that's supposed to be a die both I don't know what I'm trying to say it's like a slightly dysfunctional family Disfunctional so in for what you will yeah But well, but she was the Latoya was the one that was being oppressed and suppressed by that good fall out and Vegas damn fact I can't stand it now that different one Janet is a notorious hose beast really a hose beast sure I'll be damned Oh, maybe she can put out just inspired she likes a big and black and hard I didn't say why I really don't need to say anything now do I Form I could just leave your hang in there so to speak for a month until no I have 60 QAS This is the yellow page I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from growing back of our Manjipos and that's when I listen to the kneel matters 12 to one hour In an episode of track younger viewers See span now offers a brand new reality show skydiving with our Dean join Howard Dean It's he checks across the United States jumping out over some of his favorite states California The Coming soon to Washington DC Skydiving with Howard Dean preparing this week on C-Span From the one at five sixty WQA. I'm the breast and the brightest. This is the last one I promise for today All right, I must have find some more About that well, you know, it's getting the points a little bit of controversy which is thinking the rest of the world is laughing and pointing at us silly But see what some people don't understand is I mean the silly part is the reaction by Michael Moore and all the goody two shoes The reaction by the American public is because number one they're oppressed They're they're you know, they're tied to being like a censored all of this other crap and number two They look at it you want to know why because it's there Because they can that's all right right They're frantic to see it everybody also see I want to see it. I want to see it. I want to take a look at it touch it Is it real is it memory of Mamarex twisted right Yanke it and pull it. That's what they're doing. They're looking in pulling any Yanke And so what's not the like At any rate to breast and the brightest this is written by Richard blow. Can I say that? Oh, I'm sorry He's executive editor of George magazine author of American son of portrait of John F. Kennedy Jr And writing a book about Harvard University his columns are very often in Tom Paine dot com, which is a great website and on our website as well The breast and the brightest it has come to this The federal communications commission's announced that it plans and investigation in the exposure of Janet Jackson's right breast during the Super Bowl half time show That celebration was tainted by a classless crash and deplorable stunt commissioner Michael Powell said He wasn't referring to Josh Groban's freakiest tribute to the Columbia astronauts Which featured a man in a space suit standing goofily on a fake moon surface Not that the Columbia astronauts actually walked on the moon, but whatever our nation's children parents and citizens deserve better policy If you've been living in a cave since Sunday morning a quick recap The Super Bowl half time show featured a medley of performances including Janet Jackson P. Diddy Nelly kidrock and Justin Tinkerbell Technically Jessica Simpson was part of it but she actually didn't see anything then again It didn't look like any the other performers actually saying anything either lipsnicking was the order of the day Anyway, Justin and Janet ends to do it at the end of it just in grand the leather cup covering Janet's right breast and Ripped it off if you believe Tinkerbell a redliner was supposed to cover Jackson's skin, but he ripped that off too For about a half a second if you looked really hard You've kind of sort of see Jackson's breast, but even then not really as they'd drudge reportedly to show it in a great close-up I like ours though Jackson was wearing what I can only describe as a throwing star nipple ring Which suggests either that she had wisely prepared for the incident or that Janet Jackson wears some really funky jewelry The outrage came fast and furious the NFL announced that MTV wouldn't be producing another half time show anytime soon deeply offended newspaper communist wrote articles like the Boston Globes Jackson and company seem to new low Which would in fact be an interesting thesis to debate and inevitably cultural conservatives saw a prime opportunity to engage in little fundraising Both the family research council and the parents television council headed by right-wing media Critic IE nut Brent Bozell cranked out high-minded criticisms Predatively CBS deeply regretted the incident and Tinkerbell apologized to in my vision of heaven I dream of having to apologize for ripping off Janet Jackson's breastplate at half time of the Super Bowl This is what some of this gravizate dense cultural moments allow us unpack some of its ironies First CBS and MTV are both owned by a com which obviously saw a chance to exploit corporate synergy by hiring MTV to produce the half time show I don't know about you, but it warms my heart when massive media corporations try to force corporate synergy on the unsuspecting public and wind up being investigated by the FCC Second CBS is the company that wouldn't air an anti-bozhead by move on.org because it didn't want to offend the White House and Conservatives Just as it's spiked around Oregon miniseries to avoid defending the White House and Conservatives And then it runs a half time show which offends the White House and Conservatives how quickly all the previous sucking up is forgotten third Let us not forget that this our rage is all about a half second of partially Nipple a ring covered rest This is an our long game of brutal violence CBS certainly didn't hesitate to show bloodstilling from one player's nose in the first quarter in a sport with a steroid problem Many of whose players have taken to owning unregistered guns while other players have encouraged to become so a beast that they risk dying on the field Yes, it's definitely depressed that we should work up about At least there weren't wasn't any other female flesh to tent the godfaring man of America No scantily clad artificially enhanced cheerleaders whom CBS kept using is a segue into an out of commercials For example, and I'm sure that visa used the bikini wearing women's volleyball team to promote the summer Olympic simply because of its athleticism What's really going on here? Well American hypocrisy about sex of course We run ads for drugs that help men get erections without ever mentioning the word sex We grow I rate an exposed breast and it's an orgy of capitalist decadence We nurse from the breast as children, but we fetishize it as adults make it an object of lust and taboo So that showing a breast the source of human life becomes worthy of government investigation It is literally a clash of human nature versus corporate culture the Super Bowl has become the first American corporate holiday A nationwide celebration of capitalism. We watch it for the ads any element of spontaneity threatens the corporate control of people's minds And yes bodies that's why I love to be bedja symbolism of the guy who's treat to cross the field Which of course CBS wouldn't show that's also why the corporate producers didn't mind the lip syncing Mothing the approved words is the perfect metaphor for this synthetic event actually preferable to the authentic but imperfect human voice The Super Bowl is capitalism's equivalent of the Soviets made a parade or North Korea's beautiful But robotic domestic demonstrations featuring tens of thousands of thoroughly indoctrinated pawns in Contrast Justin think about spurring of Janet Jackson's breath reminds me of the American soldiers who broadcast hidden hand signals As their racking captors or videotaping them a clandestine census of vert monolithic propaganda For the individuals involved the stakes are very different of course, but the ideological conflict man versus machine is much the same So of course there'll be an investigation with so much at stake. How could there not be? I have just one suggestion while they're at it couldn't they investigate Led Zeppelin for selling its songs so cat-like and hawk as UVs Now that's one musical privacy that privacy that's gotta be stopped right Richard blow You go dick low you go dick and If that isn't gonna not let's see end of the Flap for right now, okay, okay, I promise well unless I find something really juicy But US military blames lathe answers for declining military discipline. Oh my god. You like that Yeah, saw that coming. I wouldn't be surprised if John Ascroft Now these thick finish coming up them breast on them statues All when he finishes every last breast that every last penis on a statue at that point sex will be out Well, that's gonna be Patriot Act number 69 No more sex in America only perprocuration purposes period and they'll be checking to make sure The US military is as soft to read a band lat dancing another loot acts at local nightclub's new its bases Saying they negatively impact military discipline Your official said the military was taking similar steps at other bases in the US and overseas against lat dancing. Oh god The US Army's second infantry division which has 15,000 troops near the border with North Korea Recently said letters to the software and special tourist association and local mayors urging a crackdown on lat dancing clubs their barracks Describing client focused exotic dancing is the principal cause of worsening military discipline The military letter called for local club owners to prohibit any physical contact between dancers and US customers South Korean lat dancing clubs are totally dependent on American customers because they're not allowed to take local clients US officials defined a specify what they meant by worsening military discipline We're following trends in the US lieutenant Colonel Chris Bailey these second infantry divisions assistant chief of staff told a stars and strats newspaper The US forces in Korea has maintained as consulted main land laws vending lat dancing. He said The more the 90-mark installations throughout South Korea of long-manassource a friction between residents living near the US facilities Who complain of pollution at noise and traffic in the US bases and occasional crimes by American troops Many crimes committed by US service men involved night clubs near their barracks amid an increasing number of American troops Acute of crimes their illegal protectens become a sensitive issue before the two governments The USF cable route out any practices that go contrary to a positive environment be West soldiers Korean residents and people of all national is said Chey Guevara no Chey aangto a spokesman for the second infantry division The US maintains 37,000 troops in South Korea to help defend it for I have a guy. They want they just fix them before they said it over there Wow snippet snippet and clippet didn't have to worry about all these things and then they can really be like auto maintenance as somebody wants to I'll see here's the facts that's all we just can't get away from this can we? I promise we wouldn't talk about this no more until the next facts or the next call Says I'm not sure what the problem is that Janet showed her boob just turned to any national geographic magazine or discovery channel But see that's on a cable discovery channel You'll see hundreds of African women exposing their jugs don't get me wrong. I would lay the alias can pipeline on Janet But if you really think about her boobs are just like any African boobs. Oh, I don't think so I've seen some of them African boobs in the jungle. You know the old bumble one hole in the jungle What do you hang you down? Oh man and we'll saggy ones here. Well they put weights on them They're the called babies Not necessarily they put to like kind of drag them down, you know don't bring me down 5605 signal that's that's the end all of that perversion. I've got impressed over it. I'm plus a zitting great calls How are those entries coming for our hot couples contest set you know the one or two? I can't remember yeah, we're doing the break. I'll take a puke at it You don't forget you got to well you got plenty of time two for boy 13th. It'll wake from Friday to get in your entries Just email them to contest in your rages.com Please pretty please and Also like I said if you want to tell Miguel anything else did he ever come in and tell you what the ideal is on those trips? No, no Like I said if you want to give any crank messages to Miguel just go to that website contest and you're Rogers.com and just lay on all the crap Tell us story of your life Ask him any silly question you want 612 votes Georgia 10 past noon Do you know where your children are oh yeah, you know where I don't want to talk about that kid and Sarah soda because it's too aggravating and then you can all whip up about it Yeah, I do well. I see I happen to think in this case you're a little bit Carry away. Sorry. How old was she 11? Oh? She was only 11? Yeah, she looked more than 11 to me. I touched me for like 13 or 14 right nevertheless Well, no, you can't look you're not gonna say 13 or 14 your old kids You're gonna know where they are at every minute of every day. There's the way things ought to be and the way things are Right and what is the way that they ought to be mister? They ought to be your children should be able to walk from one place to another without getting abducted and kidnapped But they can't right they can't so in other words, so what are you suggesting that you have like a Five-hour in the street unattended that you drive your child from one place to another where your child can't go there So what if your kid goes to the mall with their friends? Who's driving them there? Maybe they walk maybe they maybe there's a shopping mall like a half a block from huh? Sorry Not my what if your kids are walking home from school doesn't happen I'm not talking about you, but anybody in other words nobody walks to school When I was in school, of course, I was in school people and get the ankle off the street Why likewise I was I was running the streets since I was five, but that's not Well, that's your explains a lot Don't forget at two 15 the staff known George will be running up and down. I was very road Street you got the bench. He's got some good cramp Can't let you out anymore now they're saying that NASA is gonna help find that girl Did you see that did you tie? They're gonna like a digitize and analyze and Set a light eyes and get everybody's eyes and see if they can find it 11-year-old girl and sorry soda And I've seen that thing not nearly as many times as the big flap that you're seeing that enough and you want it away Nobody got naked because they have it. No, they they've got it so we'll see you over and over again It was six hundred and seventeen votes on our pull on the arroggies.com. This is so staggering That even muffin clearance you got their finger up each others as trying to figure out She what is it stuff had to explain the clearance was just a void Astroids six hot in asteroid 617 votes Which of these do you think was the most obscene around rages? George W. Bush and thousands of US troops to war based on lies on a pack of lies 258 Gw bush deals the 2000 presidential election right there in broad daylight 174 Where are sin? Inron rips off investors for millions forty four WQM hire as mohower David at forty two more your slip a little bit sweetheart you're not on a fourth absolutely Clinton Lewinsky sex scandal old penis gate twenty six so in America we had penis gain that we got nipple gate Wait until we get breakfast home gate Michael Jackson molest cancer stricken kid alleged 24 finger pointy rush limbo turns out to be a junkie 18 WQM fire spot for rl 16 Dan marino tells Wayne to stick it 10 Martha Stewart insider trading alleged two just in Janet Super Bowl flap only a pair man We got to see one but only a pair and Robert Blake Hills body Lee alleged only one because everybody knows the bitch had to come in I think we're making some progress, you know right 12 13 at 560 WKM if you want to make some progress in your life If you got a really crappy job, you're not getting paid Schmidt and you like to eat yourself a real paycheck every couple of times a month Here's the answer call our friends at fast train. That's the way to do it You can start a brand new high paying computer career no time at all and have you a big fat impressive Paycheck in no time like I said in just four short months fast train cannot be get a new high-paying computer career The demand for computer professionals like we've been telling you for a long time is grown at an ever-increasing Fast in other words, so call fast train today at one 866 fast train with seven locations fast trains But I have a campus close by where you are fast train offers job placement financial assistance for people who qualify Would day night and weekend classes? No excuse no more would a statement in job and if you register now you can have that new high-paying career in just four short months by June No less so column today and have a big big impressive one as well a big fat useful paycheck and a real career Check them out on the web if you'd like it fast train.com and when you do make the call please be sure and tell them that Todd Directed to call one eight six six fast trains It's hard to believe I'm married a friend Do know me like a fake and it wouldn't be He wants to play Because to love me No one that's with me I will never set me Not with me I'm single again Probably to the five 60 WQM don't forget we got naked pictures of Britney Spears on our website Right Right stop making stuff up then when you're like 45 million can you imagine if you say pictures out there? I'm talking about real ones Can you even begin to imagine? Oh, they Janet Jackson's right TV got that much response They would just blow the internet up. I'm positive of it Guaranteed now this fact you sent me said a really promising but I did my own search It wasn't a Google search so maybe that was the problem. Did you do it? And I'll get out I'm getting all these types from people to say oh you don't get 21,000 results if you put Neil Rogers name in the search and totally missing the point Yeah people these morons What's the point? Our good friend Jerry and Pony to Springs who's a regular chronic facts She says I just did a Google search having in Janet Jackson's teeth There were 922 search results and your website was number two Events I've been Janet Jackson's breast and there were 14,000 to under results Your website was at the top of page five another title in Eorodger's show News CBS apologize for Janet say yeah when I clicked on that link it took me your home page It appears to me there are now many links to your articles and your home page to which we say all right here But it is sprays right go boy all right we love it Right right so we're getting people from from every state off of these states the 40 a contiguous states Alaska Hawaii and the all the ships at sea Puerto Rico you name it Virgin Islands Mostly virgins Ammo that's good five six seven oh five six do I guess a lot of these people even whether the listening or not that's Who knows that's debatable right but at least when they come across the home page then they see to pull while they they throw in there One or two cents worth right sure Which indicates that our pull like I said Eric might make a few bucks by the end of this month I wouldn't get that carried away, but maybe six or seven people love clicking on those little bubbles and but yeah I do that all the time. I go to website and see some kind of a pull on you know You want to vent little bit ah this is what I think And then you want to see the result and you say oh my god, what a bunch of animals they're out there Thank God I'm not one of them Here is the way to results okay, man. I just mentioned this real quickly because it certainly not as important as the Superbowl flap And then I'll they call you Janet Jackson's flash dance or her flesh dance Okay, so we've got about 7,000 different names for the flap at the Superbowl Arizona Carrie wins hands down your pants 43% Clark 2017 14 Edward 7 Delaware Carrie 50% Lieberman Edwards 11% Dean 10 Clark 10 Missouri Carrie wins big you won five of the seven last night wins huge in Missouri 51 percent Edwards did pretty good there though. I thought 25 percent Yeah, Dean can you believe in Missouri Dean had only five percent Clark only four you Lieberman who's dropped out four and even now sure See one interesting thing about this selection and they had triple the triple the turnout in Oklahoma But they had the last time in 2000 just about every state was reporting record breaking turnout Except in North Dakota where the weather so bad doesn't only eight people there anyway Because people are pissed off and fired up and a lot of they black folks rather than wasting The interview some of those black folks including Reverend Jones And they said it rather than wasting their vote by voting for Al Sharpton just to disembowl like vote for the black candidate They were voting for the candidate that they thought could lick bush New Mexico Carrie 42% Clark 21 Dean 16 Edwards 11 North Dakota Carrie wins again 50% Clark 24 Dean 12 Edwards 10 Oklahoma that was pretty same to watch you notice it was a 30 30 Clark had just a handful just a tiny he had like 13 added more votes than Edwards So these had 30 Carrie had 27 was pretty good 30 in Oklahoma for Carrie to get 27% pretty good. I thought Leave her been only six Dean only four percent. Wow give it up Howard You got to give it up absolutely South Carolina Edwards 45 Carrie 30 sharp in 10 Clark seven Dean five that's the breakout of that crack got it got it good How about that Danny boy How is he doing on our pool just for that now Van Marino tells Wayne to stick it only 11 he's in double digits, but he's a run in the ass end of the double digit ones It's just not our crowd I'm not saying our crowd don't care about Danny boy, but they just figure it isn't quite as important as all those people Diamond Iraq for no good reason and being lied to and I think they may have a point 56070560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello Yeah, me and you're doing okay all right How do you send links to your your wet page there? How do you send them? Yeah, how could I happen? I said you would link to your you know, you guys to check something out There was an article in the video. You can email it okay There was a article in the village voice yesterday about one of these Republican Tricksters I think it was in the stone I Was with our captain Yeah I saw that I thought I saw that I'm not I'm not all that carry I'm not blown away by that I saw we had a facts about that this morning we had several Yeah lots of paranoia Yeah, I'm doing tricks Well, you know, seeing this how Al Sharpen is making a bunch of as much impact as the frogs fart I wouldn't really get all that whipped up about it Well, I'm not making whipped but I'm just like it's just one of one more interesting facets that's all To this election year. Yeah, yeah, well, we got a long way to go. May you ain't seen nothing yet. Thanks a lot, Holly Have a great day Take care Anybody else facts is that story about Al Sharpen and the Fudge reports is this and the Fudge River You know, take about 80% of what you see on a Fudge report with several grains of salt and then stick them up and colders as well We're gonna cook up a decoy at a Trojan horse Yeah, wouldn't it be somebody that had like you know like to leave it There we'll chance I'm not looking for any of that crap okay, the way to the real campaign So it's in you'll see dirty tricks So yinging man. Oh stay on the Fudge report You're good friend Matt your close personal bunk bud buddy Matt says in tomorrow's New York observer author Gail she talks with former Nebraska senator and 911 commission president Bob Keri sources tell the Fudge Pack report Senator Kerry tells Miss she he that the commission is scheduled to meet probably with condolese A rice this Saturday, February the 7 with condolese with doctor rice For testimony will not be swanimate public, but the commission is not yet decided whether use its subpoena part of compelled public swan testimony from either doctor rice or the president Bob Keri declares himself in favor of requesting swan public testimony from Condolese Senator Kerry calls the president's new commission investigator raccontelds and spaders a political maneuver The 911 commission already has the recognition in its purview Kerry tells she he that senator public is led to the increasingly high profile of the 911 commissioner no longer insisting the commission Afreeze that's worked by its original mate deadline with the heat increasing the administration Realizes that the commission must not be allowed to release its report before the election Suddenly that made deadline originally meant to curtail the scope of their investigation is looking so beneficial to them They want to give the commission six months just enough time to get them past this year's presidential election Family support the measure as the only hope the commission has of doing a thorough Investigation this from his fudge Remember that article we had several weeks ago many weeks ago about how the right wing is already determined at W is not going to win in reelection Remember that right So already written and here is a pawn of the ultra right miss fudge Who now is starting to pin things like this? This is not a this is an article, you know that he linked from someplace else This is own rambling here about condolese and about the 911 commission at all of these things Wow How do you like that sugar in the wood pile huh? I'm talking about miss fudge not kind of all these that would be bad 27 past noon at five 60 WQM. Hey if your carpets look like hell Here's the way to get him looking just like brand new and call our good friends at dry concepts They simply are to make it very easy for you the best in the business followed the bouncing balls to make your carpets come back to life And look just like brand new I've been using in my homes my and I was gonna say my house several homes for over 20 years now Right concepts certified train technicians know their stuff. They know how to drag clean your carpets which means they suck out not with their mouth But with their machine a all the dirt deep down in your carpet Please and look in brand new smelling lemony fresh and vibrant and color as well They're drying a couple of hours. It'll be like a miracle right on your floor They also an unbeatable job in your poultry your area rugs your furniture your drapery all of these things and You can also save a semester cash off. They're gonna low price don't forget these folks give you a written guarantee price Before they start the job, but now you can see even more by having them put you understand Violest when you call and save an extra 15% on the already unbeatable job of their superior work So call today and say hey put me on at standby list so I can save even more money on my next carpet cleaning Call them today your carpets will look brand new. You'll be amazed call 1-800-248-5071 That's 1-800-248-5071 In between check out Janet's nips check out dryconcets.com Where's you? Entertainment television Michael the tabwatch reported that your kids aren't genetically yours. I use the sericum mother on my own sperm cells How did you get the sperm cells? I never thought about I didn't bid it and it came out really? I heard that when you were you know you heard your arm See the sound as far as I can eat it. Wow my shoulder Is this locate it literally? Did you do it a lot as a kid? I've done that mini time. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's part of four of those. You've got to do it The jeper get caught my mother caught me tonight on e Let it a studio Come pretty to it five sixty double to come you know the hot couple contest pictures you just sent me Yes from whatever their phoning names were that picture was in New York Which one come on where they're sitting like passed out by the a pole there? Or to see the forty-second street subway sign and it says in a bottom there if you look very carefully And that's just the tomos see How do you like that? Look Anyway, so Eric facts is very emails me something really amazing Which I never even looked at some of these components of his fantastic stance page? Is that can actually check out we we can take a look and see where these hits are coming from? Yes, apparently did you know that he just told me I see 102,000 now. Wow. I'm I'm not sure what the data man. I bet it recheck this a lot of Mark coming from a Google dot com searches tons of them tons Here's one extra dot news guide dot com Uh, it's said I'm so on whatever the hell I did so we're on 80 million sites or at least maybe not 80 million But 30 million and that's great and we thank everybody profusely excellent Say nobody else would do it for us Five suit that bitch miss bud. She sure ain't gonna put us on there, right? She don't even have her good buddy Lin on Everybody else who does a radio show who's written a column who wrote a report for our college for high school for some school They're on there Look at that fallen man look at that is that incredible watch just when I was gonna go and take a phone call intensive for a few minutes here 560560 pound 560 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line They're right a tinkle on there. That is a shocking to me You want to hear yeah Wait a minute. Oh the tinkle the phone is dead. I see It was for a second there I push look at that What That's a little clean there's a bit of a buzz with that that was line one. No. She line one is always hooked up 5607. Oh 560 see if our phone is working line check line six. Oh You lost your audience Yeah, but we'll never lose you asshole WQA and hello QAM See there's something look at that yeah something something is really funky going on with his phone boys and girls whole ATLito Try one more WQA and hello You hear anything yeah video QAM yes, sir Okay, I'm one of those other has been living for you for years and never checked out your website and I checked it out for the Me be Was a picture of Jewish version that they compare his reaction to monkeys Yes, it is a little blurred out and I'm trying to print it out because I think I see well we'll try and clear it up for your man I don't know about that and you're complexion too, but it won't work if you keep looking at that Janet Jackson booby Okay, good luck See he's working on it find that something with this whole thing here with his phone and then here. Oh, oh see I knew it. It wasn't just me What happened the dots went out for a second there? Oh boy. Holy moly All are ringing here. I know all are ringing here now again, but the dots went out for just a millisecond or something really messed up with a phone I think it's the god damn us government Absolutely WCWA our lines are tapped hello Yes, sir What is it? Please please spare us the paint okay come up with some original crack material now when I hit the Off thing it all screwed up again George Corso strikes again Right here at this to see we're doing too well now we're doing too well so obviously George Corso is back They're sticking it in and pulling it out sticking it in pulling it out Probably back there with Bob for Moose WCWA and hello QAM What you calm down. He's just trying to help us out. Okay, he's the most exciting thing is happening in a month WCWA and hello Oh This is beautiful. This is even better was it yeah, yeah yesterday time flies ready have a fun on those first two hours yesterday Sure when everything was all through it would be the second two hours today Well, and then we're alternating he be off your on your toes keep your balance and In fact, wait till you see on our website It's gonna be Janet's left breast that's gonna be popping out tomorrow. You'll see for balance and then Justin's gonna have something else pop an out but not that big What line nine WCWM his thumb QAM Now line nine is always there. You know that WQM hello And see this I think this thing is fouled up my thing here Try try pushing up line seven on your button QA Yes, sir, are you there to me? I'm here right here. Oh, yeah, you're there too. I'm here Neil where was okay when that kid got his throw slash yesterday good boy WQM hello Cockropped That's what he's smoking or what he's got his tongue on WQM hello Neil yes, sir. I told you Richard Pro was on the air. Yeah, remember? Yes, and congratulations on your Patreys meal Thanks so much He told me Richard Pro was on here. He's gonna start with that again with a Richard Pro let nobody ever heard of don't forget that great article on Richard real Richard Pro let his hoods bought our website today You bet I may not touch your round with his phones too much more today You know it because I still have plenty of crap here to talk about oh, but we're having so much fun. WQM hello Hello, yes, sir. Yes Yes, you know what gets me is this what gets you Well the first time I've had the Nazi contract situation Uh The busy all the stuff got into the building now how come Interesting yeah, yeah, it got into the building again. Why would you use an offsite Mail opening location Well in the interest thing was like almost there was two and a half years ago Right, but the thing is is that if it's supposed to Altight or whoever it is doing this stuff when you have a safeguard and for the first of all First of all, I don't believe that Altight is doing rice. Okay rice. No, I'm very poor choice I'm sure that they know that I don't think they have anything to do with it They've even already said that it's only domestic nuts. They use things like rice and the try to scare my crap out of people Right, but the point is is that there wouldn't you think that you would have an offsite To dissuade on the loot of building again? No, and especially when you consider the fabulous job They're doing on tracking down the anthrax people Yeah, right. Did they look in real hard like O.J. is You know, in fact, you know something it wouldn't surprise me if they discover both the murderer of Nicole and Ron on the same day That we find out who sent the anthrax probably on the same day In fact, you know what probably like two days before the election Right exactly to elect us pali Have a great day Makes a good point, but you know, we don't want to do all these things because requires a lot of money and we got to give those Rich the tax cuts again, oh, we More and more Lots more oh and look at this sun me on moom The Washington Times coming out day for conservatives. This kind of a cute thing again from the fudge report Anybody is all your stuff, missfudge and put it on there put the word out Drudgyport dot com go on there. Okay, make that twerp a little money So we can go out and buy ourselves some boyfriends Twenty-till noon until one at five sixty wqm how many votes we got this is really shocking Thanks again Eric, you're the best some days 726 votes and it's not even even close to one or clock. We're not gonna make a thousand order today We're not no it's almost one o'clock that's 731 No, I got 20 to one We got 732 votes like I said on the pool Which of these do you find the most of scene? Or outrageous I don't want to read the whole list again. We'll do a little bit later But get down there in voters as long as you're poshking your model could a genics Genets titty and all the stuff. Nice well vote on our pool have a good time with it Hey, I'll tell you if you're current giving too good of a time if you got problems take a D f tar and auto repair because they're the best There are fifty eighty three-nourke federal highway Just tomorrow and I have to go with a sample road in prestigious pompano beach and E f tar and auto repair You'll experience the difference that experience makes because to make a long story short they know their stuff All the mechanics are ASC certified technicians current with all the Ascignology and most of whom with E f team for nearly 20 years the E f team has got over 200 combined years of experience No job is too big or too small that E f either whether it's a blown fuse or a blown engine from a 73 Toyota do no four Bentley E f tar not a repair do it do it all for you all jobs are meticulously double checked rack received by the shop Forman and your car will be cleaned upon completion of the work. It looked just like brand spank and new E f on is most extended warranties and they offer you wide away service and most repairs too Ask about their 90 day same as cash to interest credit card money call E f tar not a repair at nine five four four two six 9926 that's nine five four four two six 9926 You'll find them at fifty eighty three north federal highway in pompano beach E f tar not a repair are naturally recognized as one of the most successful auto repair facilities anywhere in the entire US of A E f their motto is nobody cares more and nobody nowhere will work harder to earn your business Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Ruggard Give up the give up the points there Still down the path There wasn't football game by the way 1246 and five 60 WCM. Look at some of these other these lengths these other websites Yo, Miami dot rivals dot com and I clicked on it and it's a you have him something or other sports site It's unbelievable what we got to do with that what do they have to do with Janet's breast and with us? Oh, maybe they talked about it here type this in do the search now Miami dot rivals dot com Okay, you want to search or that's the one not sure can plug about the address type in the URL okay slash Show MSG Okay, and see what comes up one word show MSG yeah, I mean there's there's a lot more after that But I'm okay, we we know only got to hold a two a climb I Got no no can't find like I said five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 is pretty interesting But like in my spare time when I'm like twittling my thumbs and bite my fingernails then I'll look on or check that out WQAM hello Yes, sir I'm gonna couple things for Neil you're speaking to him I'm sorry First of all you realize that that all Janet think is probably gonna be the most expensive group job in history Because power probably spent about ten million dollars in test the game that one right But You guys can research this love as an eye, but I seem to remember things should be looked at Surely after the president's visit for Thanksgiving There was a news article released about the deplorable conditions that Halibut and was maintaining in these catheteries and all right And charging a like 30 dollars and change it buried a feet our soldiers two meals. All right, okay, and now I noticed lastly going on SNBC Then put a piece on How many of our soldiers are ill equipped that their parents here in the states are buying stuff And sending it to them and it's like minor stuff. It's like fact deaths and and Soldiers that are real cutting out are leaving them behind for the troops because we don't have enough for Right, everybody wants to spend some money investigating that no No, what is that time about America man? They're much more interested in investigating Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell That's what's important. We got our parties right side up. It's extraordinary See it see if they have an investigation like that if like shining the the spotlight on it and bringing to a tension What you just got through describing I don't think that I don't think the administration could afford the investment You absolutely right. It's gonna end up being carry your Canada. I mean just like that thing about The article I read about the meeting with Condolisa, but the Bob carry on Saturday In fact that they're desperate now to stall off this nine loving commission report to lack of the election I mean when you're talking about playing politics and you'll see once carry your Edwards whoever's gonna win And I think it's gonna be carry but once we get the democratic convention finished and you do real election campaign starts for serious They're gonna bring all these things out and the people are gonna be crap in their pants I haven't been And then the sad part of it is that I'm a crats weighted four years to really take off the eglos Just like the thing with the a wall president now in a white house Is acting with this righteous indignation about how dare he say something like this in Bob dual was on their last night saying the same thing They're saying it because it happens to be true And in the sad part of the news you're right this took us a long time and Democrats the way Beth and take the gloves off and say hey wait a minute How about becoming accountable Okay, forget this crap standing or the lectern say well, I'm not gonna comment on that Yeah, I don't call you an answer on that correct accountable. You want to be in the public guy You want to be responsible to public be accountable to the public So I just I've entered and thank you for this is a time. It's gonna happen man. I hope so. I'm pulling for it Hang in there hold your breath. Have a great day He said he's pulling for it. There you go. There's a guy's got his property straight enough. That's right. He's pulling it Now anyway get back to this thing. Wow. I will do in the second now. What's Bobby night doing on arrogant And Dean Smith what what's this all about Bob night and they are graduated anyone that spent before Dean Spethy looks like he just turned about 90 Holy count is schnaz keeps getting bigger and bigger WQA and hello WQA and hello Way too political for you. I know Jackson's breast is way too political. It's too far to the right 567. Oh 560 like I said well balance it out the rest of the week. We'll check out the left one. Okay to make you happy The mouth breather WQA and hello You know the interesting thing is if we had like everybody in South Florida tuned to the show We had 101 sure it still would make any difference on a call right none but we love Ha ha ha ha that was great 567. Oh 560 if you missed it by the way It was sounded a little bit not exactly but yeah, just something like that like that WQA and hello hey near how's it going okay sir hey Bobby night. He just had a big fight with it with the Dean and Salad Bar yesterday and he was our Dean. No, now we're how we're Dean with the guy that minister to his college wherever Whoever the hell he is Dean Smith. Yeah, with Dean Smith they had a big fight because Dean Smith was going to congratulate him on his behavior And he went ballistic and went on a rampage with him. Dean Smith is on CNN right now. It has no just with another inch and a half during the middle of his uh Whatever he's talking about Anyway, did you um you know the damn shabel show how you seen it? No, it is awesome yesterday they had a guy named Negro Domace Yeah, no plane skits and then one lady gets something to have Negro Domace why is Bush so convinced that there's weapons of mass destruction in Iraq and his response was because he has a receipt I think that was pretty funny Yeah, what's about 10 years ago when it came out with it at first time 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon got it that's that's Taylor and it last year's mozzarella Never have anything still mozzarella brine don't oh WQA him hello Yes, sir. How you doing pretty good? I'm making fun like a poll on not having or polls no Well, what's your problem with a poll? Do you don't want to vote on it? What's that? What's your problem with a poll? You don't have one guys just you I mean it's just fix it. I love you. I'm not I'm really here. You just babble Yeah, you know, let me ask you how many times did I make how many times did I make reference? Let me say it again. I should be more creative. Yeah, you should be more creative asshole with your material Nice time to call like in about two three years when I retire 560 705 60 pound five 60 like the poll how many times did I mention it to sour maybe twice maybe You want to vote on it fine if you don't that's okay to it's just there okay? It's just there all the Other stuff that I've talked about that I've read all these great call and we had today and I should be more creative You should be so creative series to come up with an interesting Fast letting fabulous poll something different every goddamn day five days a week at least 10 15 We see or whatever I'm working now right 560 505 60 pound five 60 on the 18th and 10 forever. So what's the poor result? By yes, which of these do you think was the most obscene or the most outrageous? And the answers are out of 770 it's you and I've been going to make it to 800 by one a clock no chance of the thousand of eight things are like common down a little bit Come on, we got off the we got off the titty flap a little bit early. They thank God. See the pie One says Robert Blake kills Bonnie Lee alleged one only one Martha Stewart insider trading alleged three Janet Justin Super Bowl flap only four were found that I'm seen around rages Dan Marino tells Wayne to stick at 16 QA Empire Scott for rail 21 finger pointy. Rush Limbaugh turns out to be a jockey 25 31 say Michael Jackson molest cancer stricken kid alleged 36 say the Clint Lewinsky penis gay sex scandal WQM Harris Mohour David at 47 And Rob Rips off investors for midnids 51 George W. Bush deals 2000 presidential election 2013 and George W. Bush sends thousands of US troops to war based on lies 300 in about about 30 man 3 30 Oh, speaking of that The Guardian the Brit guardian says Intelligence chiefs ignored warnings from their own leading experts that they could not be certain Iraq had chemical and biological weapons a former intelligence official We gave crucial evidence to the hotman query claim today In comments likely to increase pressure on the government over the issue of weapons advanced destruction Dr Brian Jones a former branch head of the defense intelligence staff said that the most senior intelligence officials may have misinterpreted key evidence on Iraq's weapons programs Dr Jones no kind of Reverend Jones laid out his claims in the independent newspaper which said he suggested that not a single defense intelligence expert Backtoni Blair's most contentious claims on WMD although there's no in a unequivocal proof of this The expert friend at a large part of the DIS was unhappy with the way raw WMD intelligence would be used without careful caveats In the article Dr Jones said he and a DIS colleague formally complaint about the rack dossier because they feared that they would be made scapecoats after the war when no weapons were found I just mentioned that in passing Okay anybody care no no You know it's interesting when we had that when we had the thing on from the CBC About the Holy rack war and about the whole scandal behind it and about the peanut and all of these things And we put the conspiracy theory sting on our website was anybody like making lace to our website from that Anybody checking it out from like no, no wasn't listening course not in fact most of the people are were listening didn't look at either Prop 56 at five 60 WM if you're thinking of buying a new car truck you want to save yourself a whole Auto-cash and who the hell doesn't I invite you to visit armstrong's Toyota of homestead located on U.S. one just 20 easy minutes out of the E36 Armstrong's Toyota of homestead is worth the drive for to save $1,000 on that new Toyota no matter where you are check out these great unbeatable prices and O4 Corolla loaded including air that you own for just 12,990 and O4 canry with erodomatic and lots more Just 16,990 need to truck how about an O4 Toyota tender the safest truck in America from just 14 990 and when you buy your new vehicle at armstrong's Toyota homestead you get a free sun pass This was the first either in the entire area of your free tires and batteries for life General manager David Rich and the staff will do whatever a new universe it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today Experienced the armstrong Toyota of homestead difference locally An operated the committed to 100% customer satisfaction which is why they've been around so long Their service department is open weeknight to late to make sure your service work is done Convenient to get to the run US 1 in 290 third street in home dead homestead just 20 minutes south of the E36 So if you're sick and tired of those mega dealers who over promised an under delivered Then called David Rich the GM at armstrong's Toyota of homestead a 305 24232 47 305 24232 47 for armstrong's Toyota homestead raviolibul and save a whole lot and a great new Toyota Staff unto our Hi, babe No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, coming out of the closet, how do you like that? Yeah, yesterday he said it was kind of come out of the closet. The middle of a crowded, the university dining area. He took to the 40 minutes. I'm Jeff and I'm a conservative. And everybody in the crowd covered their head and went like that. His tongue and cheek revelation came during yesterday's conservative coming out day and events sponsored by the Collins Republicans at combine a mischievous sense of humor with a serious message on academic bias. We have some of the best professors in the world here at CU, but some of them are here to indoctrinate us at Brad Jones College Republicans Chairman. What we're talking about is diversity of thought and a lot of professors don't believe in that. The event kicked off the club's conservative coming out month which will feature conservative speakers and intends to fuel a statewide conservative assault on liberal bias and academia. Oh my god, wow from Reverend Sunmong Moons, ultra conservative Washington Times and from misfudges all over the place website. Oh my god, exactly. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Well, they liberals give heavily and bid to us bush. Oh right. We get to that all the way. Wanna get in a lot of these really good calls today, you know. Hasn't it been one of the better days? That's definitely. WCWM. I'm here to drop. Why you got a job, maybe maybe you can get Greg read to pay you for calling us every day. This is like two days in a row. How much we should want to pay him? About 30 set of call. Who's paying me? You are? Oh, not me. WQM, hello. Oh, there was the pain. Oh. And son of morlock the queen to me. WQM, hello. Who are you reading to? You're reading to me. You're reading to me. You're reading to me. Can you say your stuff alive, okay, schmuck? Final life. Final boyfriend. Okay. No one. 560, pound 560 on the 18th. Go out there and bat the moon. Okay, see if it'll go away. Bat the cockamoon schmuck. WQM, hello. WQM, oh. When is the? Neil? Yes sir. Hey, Neil. These people think a nipples a big deal. What would they do if they were walking down the damn ofack? And all of a sudden a Dutch person or a German person with a doubt a took a pee there with the kids walking by. What would they do then? Never seen anybody whip it out on the damn rack and take a pee to be honest with you. I see lots of them on the damn rack. Plenty of people pee in that stream there. P in the stream. You know, the river though, they call it a river. The river in the canal. The urban Jones. 560, 70, 560. So this is what they call. You know, he's got certain lines. Yep. They all. It's amazing. Isn't that that river in Jones actually? Maybe we can send him an Amsterdam. Maybe we can bar my maybe when you go on that tour of the glass bottle boat. You'll see river in Jones down there. That would be safe. And to bottom of that that's stream, you know, that canal. The river thing right there. I think that water we think. I think he's talking about the tube and his echo. That water we think. I've gone river Jones. You're okay in my book. It's quite a what your it says. That thing last night on MSNBC. I'm funny. Look right at that guy said. Now river Jones. I don't want to be who think. And of course, I'm the only person in the world taking holy cowards river in Jones. WCWM. Hello. You know, yes, sir. You know, I'll just I'd tell you what. I'm ready to split my risk. This country is absolutely pathetic. Yeah. We got nothing better to talk about them. This poor woman. Janet Jackson. By the way, terrible food job. But she's 37 years old. What do you want? They're getting a little saggy man. That's a little bit. That's a little bit. But anyway, that's not what I want to see. I want to see. I don't want to see. I don't know. We got nothing better to talk about. I mean, when you come up with something better in coming and talk about it. I love those people say, well, why don't you do something like what? I'm going to really play that kind of thing. Well, that for many years. Anything else? Whatever you're saying now, whatever you're doing now, we don't like it. Well, what was you like? I don't know. But anything else. It would be like going to do a restaurant and looking at the menu and saying, Well, gee, is this all you got? Well, what would you like? I don't know. But anything is not on here. Yeah. That's the soft floor. If you can weigh, maybe. Let me tell you right now. Why, sure, hope that nobody who found us on a website on some other website is listening to show and thinking, oh, my God, one of these calls from soft floor. I've done. That's another public service we perform on this program. It's to keep all you pin in the ass. Tours, the way that is who? And have to, some deck yourself. It is sewer. This toilet. This outdoor. And say the sound. Well, there's that thing again from Sarasota. Let's see if they can get a better enhancement of the image of the man so that they can get a picture or composite, something out. You see, every day we have to have something now in a media, we've taken it to an extreme. And it started with, uh, Super Bowl flat gate. So that now every single day there has to be some new picture, some new images that they show over and over and over. Like how many times a minute? About third man. At least every two seconds. Five, six, seven. Oh, and see, the mother's got a cat. That's why that little girl ran away from home. She's got a pussycat there. I hate people with cats. Kans, I'm not going to hate the people. I just don't like the cats. Although, was the sign these one? Uh, I don't know. You weren't watching that? I'm watching the take now. You better get with it, Mr. Mr. And this is NBC. No, I know what you're watching. You're probably watching something sick and disgusting and perverted like. On what? I don't like doesn't work here as you know. Even though we're paying you. What is it? Are you keeping her finger on it button now? Because every kind of I posted this up. Did you come? 1410. What? I don't know what you said. It was like a half a word. That's all. Something about C. See this? See? 5, 6, 7, 0, maybe she's speaking less by the order. I don't know. Tell me to QA him. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. How you doing? Hey, tell me where the growth's up so bad. So what? The growth. The growth? Yeah, I'm stuck here. Any directions to get out? No. Yeah, just go north. Okay. If you go south, you're going to be really sorry, man. I'll tear that right now. And that's you're going to go to buy a new Toyota. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. You see, always think and always think and always keep in the end. All right. Let's maybe let's see. You're going to go down and pick some grapes down there in the range. WQA him. Hello. QA him. Hello. Hello. Hello. Just near Rogers. Yes, sir. Speaking. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Good. All right. Listen, no. I'm just wondering, what's there? Super Bowl Sunday? Was there a game that Sunday? No. No. The tickets only thought they won the game. It was the greatest Super Bowl in history. And there is nobody talking about the game. We have a package stand that I am. I just did just the grinds my ass. I'm really sorry to hear that. Neil, listen. I'm pulling 40 now, man. We can get passes. I know we can. I bet you can. All right, gentlemen. I'm pulling on a ride now. Got my time Brady naked. I'm going to get a picture over here. Got my blow up. I'm all set. I'm in. And now I'm out. Yeah, you've been up for a while. 560. That thing about coming out is a conservative on a college campus. It's so ass-in-ine, so stupid. So idiot, so pathetic. And so typical, man. I'm a spoiled little rich brat. I'm surprised that he's in Colorado, not the U of M. University of Miami, spoiled little rich brands. Of course, they're kind of like not all that political over there. Because they're too busy trying to get their finger out of each other's but they call a rattle. Correct them. No, you have M. All right, hey, none of that in Colorado. No way Jose. Rich, grat, are you kidding me? 567. That's why I said it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line. And we're going to make it to a thousand of it because if not, I think we just 845 very unlikely. 155 and 51 minutes. Thank you, dude. We can do it. Now, what kind of a threat can we hold over their heads today? We'll take all of those naked pictures. We'll never put any on our website again. If we don't make it to a thousand of those by two o'clock. We could put another one on there. We could put a naked picture of Jeff High, a fat boy on there instead of seven to one of Janet Jackson's. We'll be the other one with George. High on there. And if we do, we'll put a hot babe on there. Like whom? No, not anyone. We'll find he as. How about John Cameron's Weizy? Oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, eight, forty, nine, hundred and fifty one to go. That's a tall order. That's a pretty tall order. We'll see. We'll put the pedal to the metal. See if we can do it. WCWM. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, what if Janet Jackson was white? And the guy was black? Wouldn't he be a chill right now? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. That is outstanding. If it had been in South Carolina, certainly you better. Texas or Georgia. Yeah. Or Kansas. Louisiana. Excellent point, amigo. If she would have been white and a guy would have been like, if it would have been puffed out, he puffed out. Right. And jail. Of course, it would have been jailed. And I shaved the hair off of the nipples first. What a thought. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, five, five, six, sixty, eighty, eighty and two and Verizon, Marles Lund. See, there wasn't any game on Sunday. That'll make the dolphin fans feel a little bit bitter. There was no Super Bowl game. That was all about to be asked. There was nothing but a pre a four play and a half time and in between. All the way around show that you went on forever. Just missed the best parts. They'll make them feel better while they're looking. There wounds about poor Danny boy. That's why they're seeing never dawned on me. That's why they're really in a real extra sorrow. Move today. More psychotic than usual. Because of Danny boy. Told Wayne. Yeah. Danny had a change of heart. Maybe too much in his own restaurant. Maybe. Arena resigns as dolphin senior VP of football operations before everybody even got started. He said, I don't think so. You know, I don't think this is going to pan out. And Wayne, and Wayne of course got indignant again. Well, don't you tell me that this is no true. Tell me we got problems. Everything is fine. Man, what a heart ass. I cannot stand multi millionaire billionaire types. The Steinbenders, the Donald Trump's, the Wayne High Pingers. But all of that big money. Always like, bitch and everybody else. I don't care if you got 50 billion Wayne, you're still an asshole with a bad complexion and a big bald spot. One 13 at five, 60 or speaking of problems, there's Howard Dean. Who or couldn't even carry his home state of Tennessee in 2000. Yeah, see, Gordon, it hasn't got couldn't carry his home state. And he backed, you know, this how Dean started going south. So this big as soon as he's go back to the next one point. Hmm. It is. They were staying last night. If the phone ring, in fact, they were telling Kerry in Edwards. If your phone rings in the morning, it's Al Gore. Don't and don't answer it. Good choice. One 13 is five, 60 WQM. Hey, listen to this. Oh, this is some still little copy by the way, but across, but we want to thank all the people that came out Monday night at Pumpkin Park for the free spaghetti dinner. That was this past Monday, by the way. Well, let's you know what the next one is. Don't be sure enough, they're night saying I want free spaghetti. They'll kick your ass out. But anyway, coming up this Friday, it's a big night at Pumpkin Park because they not only feature great night time harness racing action. Simon casting there. I got to tell you a very sick story. I had a dream last night. This is true. Okay. Fat rich and I rat the track. Oh, man. And for some reason, rather than seeing it, our table, we're standing down by the window in the clubhouse watching the races. And I farted like real bad. And rich, you're just aweswoning and making all kinds of comments. And I thought to myself, boy, you're a good one to talk. You know, he's had a couple of healthy shoes. Let's couple of years. And once in a while, you know, and I never say a word, you know, I just kind of like, I just put my head over the rail and start breathing. We'll have you. You think they were seepage? If you only knew. This Friday, February 6th, Pompatopark, Don't lay features great night time harness racing action. Simon casting their fabulous poker card room, but it's the track. Fortieth anniversary night. Maybe that's why I was farting up a storm, huh? Could they have live music, including Chris McDonald's tribute to Elvis Show, Shane Lamar Entertainment's Triple Shot Band, Giveaways, Free Prize Drawings, Family Funite, and T. Card display and lots more crap going on. It'll start to 7 p.m. this Friday. Just to have my offer both on 95 and the slow to turn. Pompatopark is easy to get to, and best of all they offer you free admission, and free general parking every day. You got your live harness racing and poker room every Monday, Wednesday, like tonight Thursday, Friday and Saturday every Wednesday is dollar night with dollar hot dogs, draft beer and sodas. Poker starts at noon, midnight, live racing gets out of wet 705. And don't forget every day, seven days a week. We got simultaneous casting from all across North America, starting at noon free to plunge your guts out. Pompatopark, call them for the schedule at 954-972-2000 or go on their website at pumpatopark.com. Don't forget this Friday, February 6th, the Big Fortyth anniversary night at Pompeo Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Papa. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Pompino Park. Come on. Pompino Park. The polish of the fish, my tailgate of the truck won't wipe up the white hook and oh with Christians who were born See the standing eat and sit back down again and chew And watch it all down with its well-packed up roof The life of order of the heaven you go God always found the fun pouring at home I look to the water to the water to the moon Hey, I look to the water, I look to the water 883 we need 117 more votes on our upholda day see if we didn't have the poll and we couldn't threaten the audience Right, so what they'll fun with that be with that be any fun at all? No, of course not 883 we need 117 votes to get to 1,000 by 2 o'clock otherwise George is going to come in and make guttable sounds for four hours tomorrow No, and I'm taking several days off Walthy liberals give heavily and bid to ask Bush Faced with the new ban on unlimited donations to political parties some of America's wealthiest liberals have given large sums to help finance independent organizations that wanted to defeat President Bush and November According to records released by the IRS Major contributors to the groups include philanthropist George Syros are here owe gay five million dollars and Cleveland based insurance billionaire Peter Lewis who donated three million Hollywood producers Stephen Bing gave two million and robbed laser chief executive of real networks the software maker gave 745,000 even George kicked in But third man sent right on But the group's known as 527 for the section of the task code that applies to them have raised nowhere near the hundreds of millions to organize this predicted to be poor show such predictions had led to speculation that the groups would take advantage of loop poles and campaign finance law to become a shadow democratic money machine There have been a lot of exaggerated numbers floating around how much groups related democrats would raise in spending the 2000 for election said Fred worth Himer I wonder if he's can to stand worth I'm or don't bet on it President of democracy 21 a campaign finance watch dog group in Washington the two biggest groups announced plans to spend a total of $190 million to defeat President Bush what these reports are was that today they've raised just 8% of that 190 minutes. Let's go let's take out the and a cup of up. Okay. Talk is cheap. Let's call it up George. Soros 800 now remember both Monday and yesterday both days we reached the point where it was eight eight. Remember that. Yep. It was the anti-Christ would like 24% bonus For good behavior and we got right now. I can't believe I did that. I'm leaving. I'm leaving. I see you must have thought I looked at that before I refer to that. I didn't what do you look what do you see in on there. Poor anography. No seriously. Well, you're you're 8 8 3. No, I'm ahead of you. Click it again. Refresh it again quick. Yeah, and you're real fast computer there. You got from the Estonian age. Or any rebels. What does it say? Damn it. You're ahead of me. It actually might have stopped right now on 8 8 8 my hand to the output right on the bottom. Telling you we're going to do it again. What over 1000. I'm not talking about that. I think there's something ominous there about that 8 8 8. Oh, yeah. That's why I'm as fat as a cow 8 8 not today though. No ice cream today. No, but in Jerry's till later. No, no, no, no, I can't. I can't do it. Don't do it. If I break through that 200 barrier. That's it. I jump right out the window. I'm going to pay the concierge to lock you in from the out. protest. Amber, if you lock me and I got a lot of stuff in the freezer. protest follows denial of morning after pill. This, you know, this is one of the reasons why we hate equards. See there's certain things on it. Show we hate Walmart and we despise equards. I mean, just I would rather croak. If I if there was the only pharmacy in the world, I could get my prescription drugs that I would just die, you know, who's an up and coming very good pharmacy. Don't here CBS. Yeah. Call it. I know clean. Let's see the second. I'm out of touch. And they're up and 24 hours. Yeah, but I'll take my Walgreens open 24 hours there in a corner sunrise and I'll put him up against anybody man. You don't like Walgreens. I do like Walgreens. I go. They're off and I went to see what's not to like, but you're right. CBS is coming up not to be confused with CBS, which the beat for being stands for bear breast. We know that. About this is Denton Texas. These people are pissed off. About 40 people gathered outside an accurate pharmacy Monday. Protesting what they said was the decision to deny a rate for them are prescription for the morning after pill. A spokesman for the Florida based company confirmed that equards has taken disciplinary action and response to an incident at the store. You people an accurate man, you ought to burn and hell. They will. Apparently there was a request for a prescription to be filled in the prescription was denied based on a moral or ethical decision made by the pharmacist. And that's not an accordance with our corporate policies that Joan Gallagher buys president of communications for log or Florida based record group. Remember Jack Eckard did he die yet? I don't know. We can only pray. A perennial candidate, a perennial loser Jack Eckard right away, even before was fashionable to be a right wing fanatic. He was one. Gallagher told the Denton record chronicles she can provide other details. The protestors carried signs, some stood silently, others chanted slogans. In fact, this is on our website, I do believe I think we did. Here's a woman holding up a sign that says, got raped, questioned Mark, let someone else help you, Eckard's won't. Wow. Morning after pills have been sold under the brand name's plan B and preven since 1998, taken within 72 hours of social indecorcity hormone pills are released 75% effective at preventing pregnancy. And unidentified friend of the woman seeking the prescription to hold the newspaper she got to drug from an neighboring pharmacy. Gay Dodson. Yeah. Gay Dodson executive director of the Texas State Board of Pharmacy said state law allows pharmacists to decline filling prescriptions if the medication could harm the patient. The law doesn't say the pharmacy can decline because of moral grounds. See this is in Denton, Texas, right? And it's the morning after, oh, we're not going to do that. That's killing the fetus man. That's an abortion thing, but I just got raped. Yeah, but that, the Bible says, you know, man. What about totally, we need, we need the civil war was bad. That's just because all those people buy civil war was a bad idea, right? I still say the North and the South divide it into two because never the 20th. There's no connection. All these Bible-thump and Yahoo's man in Georgia and Louisiana and Alabama and Mississippi. And they look at Florida. Here were those of us who were screaming every time we tried to get casino gambling passed in Florida. How about the session North Florida and South Florida? It's good enough for the code is good enough for the Carolinas. Why not good enough for us? All right, North Florida, which would be everybody outside of Dave Broward, Palm Beach, and Monroe County and all that and the rest. Right? We'll take it. We can have casinos. We can have a great time and we can like legalize a board delos and strip clubs and swing clubs. And whatever, have a good time. We could spruce up the hotel. Of course a lot of your people are going to have to move to two. But that's okay. There's a lot of land up there. Right on. A lot of them old, uh, no have no fun cubanos. Well, not so cake-custard, I'll be gone by then anyway. Right, they're going back. And yeah, sure they are. Maybe they'll go back in at 57 Chevy. That's hope they didn't sink in. Oh, god, I want to take a look at it. I bet it was a Henry J. You never saw Henry J, did you? No. Look, do a search on the website. I'm serious. That was one of the neatest, most fabulous looking cars. It had tail fins like a caty lac, you know. But that's where it goes in the past. You got your new event yet? The sixth edition? Yeah, right. The sixth generation. Don't forget start track the sixth generation Corvette has come up tonight eight o'clock on Fox. 26 past one. You think we're going to make that thousand and I'm just buying my time to see if we can do it again. I'm just Joe Biden my time. 910. Wow. Boy, we went from nowhere to 910. That's because they were Fram going to put your ass on there again tomorrow in Friday. I'm taking two days off if we don't make a thousand. That's not so much a testament to me as it is how much they hate you like point. Now they don't hate you. They just find you like a little on a mumbling side, you know. Not as mumbling as Don Amis. And certainly not nearly as mumbling as Tom Brokha. There's another one. Tom Brokha. Barber Walters. Don Amis. Are we going to anybody out? That's a mumbling crowd. We're trying to listen to Amis this morning on MSNBC and he's like, I have no idea what he was saying. He just said, I did men in a chair and make it all that money. I saw my 10-gallon head. I tip it to Amis. God. He says, Jackson Byron Eckert is still alive at 90. Oh no. Jack Eckert is still alive. 90's old enough. I keep saying that. Let me tell you if you'd like to live another couple of days and you're in fact. You probably want to those low carb diets, the Atkins, the sugar bust is the South Beach diet guide. He's been the Susanne Somers. Everybody in there brothers County Carbs. In fact, now you'll notice that all the people I want to peddle you products are on onto that. Everything is low carb. This is low carb. that there's one story can do. We can find all those good things in one location. That's the lights of West Boca. The store that South Floridaans have made number one low car store in the entire country and for good reason because they have not just a few not just a small handful like Justin. They've got over a thousand low car products to choose from including breads and bagels, cookies, crackers, chips and brownies, chocolates, ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes and lots more a shrimp load of great stuff. They are free to water selection. They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 in the AM, 10 PM and you can try anything the store before you buy it. Their staff renews their craft inside and out and they carry the most complete line ofack in brands products that run sale today. Next circus a week from porom every day. So we know that the low carb diet is being talked about every one so everywhere by everyone. So hand to the number one low carb store in the world. The lights of West Boca on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market or call 1 877 low carb LOWC ARB 1 877 low carb check them on the web at low carb.com. There's only one delay to West Boca and by any account it's your official Actions Retail service. My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is I aim the aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is on aim point pretty good stars I aim mostly with the aim is is my aim is our aim is my aim and aim is aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is aim aim is my aim is my aimальный aim is my aim is my aim he aim is my aim aim is give me two capable answers he originally aim the aim is your aim is my aim aim is the aim is right the aim is down Now there's honey, you'll be the way to mess the world I don't give a fuck God sent me to stick the world up My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus He's the one to me, kick out back and do your hard Send the problem was something Proved up my ass and die I shot him in the face with my vapor The worst happened later When I covered his desk with use toilet paper I walked in the strip club, my trash was fulfilled up Moved the bomb tenes took a dump at a ticker Went over to a dance, I had a fucking agar She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father Night and night and Santa might not find what's lie to I just found out my mom got home gas and I knew I told her I'd go up to be a famous rappo They corrected about strange noises Made on the trampor You know you was dirt when the women rush to leave You tried to hold it back but you mustn't get relieved This guy watched castle set was pretty cool But I had to go drop the kids off and boom My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus 26 till 25 60 W come I wonder what Michael Powell have Think of your anus as a whole Police dogs has been after biting second black child in nineteen months This is a scary you know it McKeys rock spittle vania I know what well A police dog has been suspended while investigators try to determine whether the animal has Something against black children Haah This is a true story It must be a some of the Tampa Tribune they'd well make stuff up Maybe a name will make stuff up, do they? Eh? The dog a German shepherd, oh see German shepherds don't like black people. Ah! And he did a golden retrievers? Min pins? Terriers? Athganhounds? The dog a German shepherd named Dolpho was 32 years ago, the technique child because he was black, but Dolpho was ruled from duty on Monday after biting another black child. I thought those were colorblind. I don't know. Dolpho attacked a 14-year-old black girl on January, why? I guess you don't have to be able to see color, you know, like dark from light. That's it. A attack to 14-year-old black, or on January 28 during a crime prevention demonstration of the school, but didn't break the umstru skin. The girl's parents said a white student, pet of the dog without incident before he attacked her daughter. Well, maybe it wasn't her color. Maybe just in like her, is that possible? It's possible. Or maybe he is a homo dog, maybe he liked the agai, you know. In 2002, Tata Fiscal sort of had a two-month investigation in a termative dolphin was singling out black swallowing patrol after the dog escaped from police vehicle and that a 90-year-old black boy playing nearby. It always taken off duty, we framed for retrained for too much of a return of the force. City Councilwoman wanted Jones Dixon, who is black, complained about the dog in 2002 and renewed her request that the animal would be retired from the police force or be put to sleep. Well, how about putting you to sleep, honey? That's what I say. Don't be put no German shepherd to sleep, you bitch. Disgusting. And tragic? Yeah. Maybe just don't like dark folks, so put it like an all-white neighborhood. That's what I say. 560, 560, pound 560. I saw the Henry J by the way, that's a beautiful thing only. You need to see it from the ass end. It's like jail, or to really appreciate the scope and width and the tail fins, the breath, the breast. And the other one you sent me with a 14, whatever that is. That email was blocked because it's the term to be from one of those dangerous websites. So hotmail has blocked that one to protect me from all those. The website that had. You're not fooling me, you're just trying to send a bunch of worms into my computer. Pretty important. These theality, kiddie porn. That's it. 958 posts. We got 42 to go in 23 minutes. It's not a tall order, but we got a little pressure on today. It's not going to be a walk into park like yesterday. 958. In fact, we don't really even care all that much. Put the votes are or what's under. Even what the question is, it's just a total man. That's all we care about anymore, right? Start in this week. And that's what some of the people in South Florida, South Saicada, come on. Oh, gee, there's not to see what they want to do is they want to show all the rest of you folks. They're at home. Your ass, which is why I just played that. They'd like to show it to the entire universe. Oh, there might be somebody listening to McKeys Rock's pencil of any right now. Let me just show them my. Breakfast. Yes. W. W. M. Hello. Hello. It's George at bottom of our top. Middle. Somebody Q. Hello. Hi. I want to leave a message for Neil Rogers. Yes. It feels Neil. Sounds like me. Why do you want to leave a message? Why don't you want to tell me to my faces at that devastating? Can I hear it? Yeah, you can handle it. I'll listen. My name is Jerry. I'm from your history from writing up in the Rochester, New York. Oh, my God. Yeah. And I just. Anyway, I was talking to the guy. I'm a very short book. But I plan a band. I graduate from writing 68. And I'm a nobody's perfect. And that's right. And we have a band called the Scott Coasters. And we're going to be a word. Tampa, tomorrow and I, but we're going to be at Mango's. It's for a lot of bail on Friday night. Right. And so, one of my. Guys, I'm so you ought to tell me all because, you know, he might do a shout out for whatever. Sure. A bunch of brightened people are going to be there anyway. But, you know, mangoes is a great place. So we're looking forward to playing there. When is it again? It's just Friday night. What time? Oh, I think nine three to one thirty is the typical. You know, right after the evening dinner there. Okay. I'm not so old. Well, there you go. You got your shout, man. Oh, thanks a lot. No, I'm sure our Herbert, have a great time. And George says he'll see you there. Okay. Okay. Thank you. I was a guy from Brighton High. Maybe Rochester, New York. That's a great, great school. Make no mistake about it. I didn't go there. I went to Brighton Elementary. The right next door. Well, I'm down in Bob's with there. And then, as soon as I found out the Donna Bob's ain't there. No more. I said, oh, I don't know nothing about that. Please. Whatever happened to our friends at Rick and Irbs, huh? I just mentioned that in passing. Just in case anybody in sales might listen, well, you know how close. Sales departments that revolving door downstairs at the bottom of the thing. Just keep just keep spinning around like a cradle. Spinning around, spinning around, spinning around. But then again, who could put up with screw in that long more than that? About thirty minutes. Thirty seconds. She said, that's all it takes. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. They've both stood or covered in forehank at four. Jim managed to mad dog at two. And he might actually tell you that there was a game on Sunday night, but I doubt it. My life and local. What about Danny Boyman? One of my 10th birthday of five, six, six. Two, eight, two, eight, yeah. That's all. It's the musical show every one's talking about. In their only area performance, the spice girl tribute band, the Spoon girl. She's a human of the match-backed race. She got a gift from Spoon. They're here. They're hot and they love. Spoon. This time the Spoon's you become taller. When to be one. Hello, we're the Spoon's girls. All songs represent Spoon's love as everywhere. We believe it. Spoon's power. We didn't know anything. That first love in Spoon's dream. The Spoon girls in their only area performance. If you don't see this show, then you don't know Spoon's. I heard they're going to be a mango shred in it with those guys from Brighton. 144, and then we got 990. Piece of cake now, right? Right. 990, but just 10 to go to make sure that George doesn't mirror his ugly head tomorrow and Friday. But then the next several weeks. And look at that, Paul and man. See this guy to call me for about the poles and take an appole. We have those building pole shows. We wouldn't have squad. Right. And this isn't something brand new. This isn't this show. This is South Florida. How about Danny Boy? Come on. Let's start the call for the mad dog. What are we going to do about Danny Boy? And all the BS that was spued on this radio station. I don't want to mention any names. Because I want to protect the gully. About Danny Boy is going to do this. And he's not just going to be a figurehead. And he's not just going to be in there to pass the find a fan. He's going to be a hands on guy. We have a rifle crap. Go figure. Yeah, go. Oh, oh, oh, oh, they have are you kidding. You'll figure rhymes with Roy and Tigger. How is that? What's his name? Roy. And not only him, but how about Roy? Yeah. 560, 050, 050, 060, 060, 080 and 080. Let's start the the gnashing of teeth in the ring of hands now. Because you just know that that's like for days to come. Thank you very much, Danny Boy. Because you get he probably was into that in Coz with Joe and Mad Dog. Because this is the tip of the more. No, this is the post Super Bowl time. And they can't even talk about the football game. So they because there wasn't a new resist a a titty bearing. Gift. Beware of titties bearing gifts. And so as we've told of that. I mean, you talk about having nothing to talk about till maybe Marlins. I mean, so here you go. It's Danny Boy, Danny and this is Danny of that and David and Danny and Danny and David and Wayne. WQA and home. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, dude. Good afternoon. That was me on the. I know was. WQA and hello. Hey, you're. You're getting so good now. Now it's the first word I know it's him. Yes, sir. This is the. The. The information. Eckers is going to be taking over by CVS. And they're going to announce it on Friday. You mean nationwide? No, just Florida. All right. That's excellent news. That's the best news I've heard in a Cozate. Thank you, pal. You're welcome. And have a great day. How do you like that? I like it a lot. If that's true, which I've known, he's never like kind of a legit guy. Sure. Several of you have his thumb right on it. Well, won't that be a breath of fresh here because Eckers. Oh, geez. Just to. And I'm sure that there's some nice people working there. Could everybody's out of make a living. Right. But good. Golly Miss Molly. It's just to the whole ambiance of that place. Did you just something about you feel like unclean. Unclean. Oh, you know, I like the timely service you get when you go there. You know what it reminds me of. Jack Eckard, who's long since retired from the from the. He's probably a drugstarch in. He is to echo is what Wayne is to blockbuster. Even a Wayne's got nothing to do with blockbuster. No, more still when you think of blockbuster. You think of the bald head of geek. And when you think of Eckers, at least those are what's been around a hundred years or least. I could be thinking of Jack Eckard. Misery will nesty, hostile. If a Jack Eckard was one of those people with the anti gambling crowd back in the 70s, first time we could try to give casino gambling back in the South Florida. He was one of those goody two shoes per and also the people had bird lines. We're not mad. I just mentioned passing and you know what I mean, ever even mentioned. What you see what two departments, though, since there's only going to be about five businesses in a whole world pretty soon. Verdines and Macy's are merging. Well, good for them. You see it. Well, that's because you don't shop any the one of me shop at Target for that kind of stuff. And I shop at I shop at whatever that put dildards. Somebody's got to. It depends on what you're going to go by bathnath at dildards. No, and you sure not going to go to Walmart and get them and then let us find out about it. To target for general purpose things. What did I go to? I went to Walmart's for toilet stuff. And I think that's perfect. I think there's something symbolic about that. I've owned a buy something nice. Dildards is nice. See, I would only wish that the Kmart was still out there by me by the saw grass because even though Kmart was a, it was a crappy as story. It was a junk shop. But like you said, if you wanted a bath mat, but then again, the head Martha Stewart bath mat. So like I said, well, my name's so bad always target rules. Okay, Dildards good stuff man. The lower price. I think I've got a brand. You'll get service man. L attack you in Dildards. They'll chase you rash down. What can we help you today, sir? Can I ring up some of that merchandise? Please, please. No, kids need to eat. Please. I like Dildards. What that means, of course, that means to go out of business. I like Jordan Marsh, too. I don't have any. I'm the kid to that. If I come in, you read the list. I was saying, oh, sorry. And you were just closing up now. Even if like the middle of the day, if it's noon, just going to lunch. I got a thousand one. Do you? Yeah. Delmations. I sure hope that they like black people. Well, they probably would because they got black spots. Which of these do you think was the most obscene around ranges? And we got a thousand now, quite a George. A thousand and two, I got trombones. At the bottom of the list, Robert Blake kills Bonnie Lee, allegedly two. Martha Stewart insider trading alleged three. Janet Justin Super Bowl. That only six, safe. Only six people say that that was obscene around ranges, released the most. Small potatoes. No big deal. If you don't like it, tough to be. Dan Marina tells Wayne the stick at 20. WQM Fire Scott for 1224. Fingerpoint Rush turns out to be a junkie, 34. Michael Jackson, Melissa Kansas, Dricken Kiddlehead, 37. Clinton Lewinsky, penis gauge scale 39. WQM Fire is more Howard David. That was obscene. 58. And board of the regrated or what? And Ron Rips off investors for millions, seventy. And now the two biggies. George W. Bush deals the 2000 presidential election to 61. And G. W. Bush sends thousands and thousands of US troops to war. Some of whom may never come back. Bist on lies in Iraq. And he's a little bit more than a hundred and fifty two. And just climbing like crazy. Say, hey, you're W. Don't just don't forget what I said to that. I don't want to like, you know, because it sounds like one of those conspiratorial kind of things. I think the die is already cast as they say a die bowl. See, the die is cast. W is going bye bye. I think I want to be great. Like on January 20th or whatever, an auguration is next year when John Furious Swarning. Just didn't can be either to say to W. Bye bye. And we can give just a little pat on the fanny. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any fewer. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't go any more. You won't do anything more. We're all suspects now, not see ash crop is seen. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying, I know beauty and cattle don't have any reserve agent. Out of provoke, fableent, world annihilation. Old regime must fall and have a virgin and stoke. With no objection at all. Tell the crackdown have a fall, hands up. Right wing is drilling it over and over and over to our parade. Watch me. I rack had some. Wept the past destruction. Only I rack had some. Wept the past destruction. We got a lot of what happened. About three, four, five, six, something like that. You've got through February 13th through a week from Friday to get your entries in. Email your pictures to contestantnearodges.com. It can be any kind of a couple. Any kind of a pair. Well, it's speaking up here. I'm thinking what we ought to do is have like the nude, I don't know what to do every day or once a week. The nude what? On our website. The naked celebrity. The naked celebrity of the day or of the week or of not of the month. That's the week. You decide. Of the minute. How many of the day? I'm sure there are. You can see that I guys. I'm doing it every day. Seriously, well, who says we're going to find any guys. First of all, most of our audience are heterosexual males who are desperate. I mean, just dying to see a booby cheek. I don't know anything. Right? Right? So if we have to find some guys, if there was a naked picture of Tom Willing on there, if we put Tom Willing, if you guys might be squalling, including me, but we'll see. We'll work on it. But in the meantime, I think that you can get started today. Find one for tomorrow. That's your assignment. A labor. I'll say. A labor of love. Oh, no. A thousand. Don't be picking on Erica. No, you're a real human. Eric. He's picking on you man. He's picking on you. He's picking on you. Watch out for them Rodriguez people. They're always picking on you. We're everywhere. Thousands and forty. I noticed including murderers and things like that. A thousand and forty two votes. Which we don't have time to go through. It's pretty obvious. I've seen an outrageous W. In fact, just him is obscene. I hope that some of the people looking at the naked movies and naked pictures and our wife said we'll also look at the G.W. I've not just liar stuff to pull it or spurs them. Yeah, well, they're punching the road buttons. Maybe they can punch some of them buttons. Now, the moment you've been waiting for, because after I'm sure as can there today, can Maldon? I don't know. Are good close personal friend of your hope. So after can does the sports update, Mad Dog is going to come and tell you the real story. The insa-ha? What? The story behind the story about Danny Boy. Bye bye. Bye bye. The weather show unficed. You can only do it again. I'm going to put it on. Oh! Absolutely.