Man, are we excited about that or what? Anybody out there got one of them radio? No. Oh, I'm not a bad thing, were you? Oh. She wasn't in town for the president. Early on she wasn't showered at men's, but he would show her. She's such a shushish, so her. It took her on a tour of the old place, and when they were through the elder by her face, and he said no, well, let them stand below her, let them stand below her. Let them stand below her. If we still have to get anywhere around, you bound to a knees that you swallowed and down, they said no, well, let us rest for so long. When it was in love before it bugled by the snow, then the little winter had a terrible fast, he was a blow-wow. Let us rest for so long. Let us rest for so long. When she takes conversations on the phone, talking about a billion bombs, and when it came, we had it in his hands. She said, Billy, why are you gonna take us care? I'm not the wild folks curious man, but from what I hear, I understand she wants to go wild. Here. You can go wild. You can go wild. No one. No one. Let us go wild. No one. Go wild. What I think did even crack the top, what made two, four, six monocopiniscate on our 40th and number six crack. Didn't crack the top five, okay? That fat disgusting slot with her presidential knee pads. Nobody really gives a flying crap, especially in retrospect, but nevertheless, we just got too many numbers. Oh, speaking of some bad numbers, we always every day get this out of the way first. The animal search for these stories anymore, because it's just an up-to-news no-mo. It's not good for morale. Oh. Roadside bombs have claimed war American lives, killing three West soldiers and separate attacks in Baghdad and Sunim Muslim areas to the north of Baghdad, at least six soldiers wounded in the attacks one critically. And you all hear no more about the injuries and about that stuff, and let somebody dies, because it's only the dead, the number, the flames, just numbers. And then, you know, we could have like both arms and legs blown off. Because it's not good for business. It's not good for ill-presidentate. Now, getting back to a fudge gate. I will see how many there were ten. Those ten people got to be ashamed of yourselves, okay? Well, 14 now. 14 people voted as the biggest scandal of all time. John Kerry fudge gate, Alam is drudge, who's just hyperventilating now, trying to justify and rationalize the fact that he put a bunch of rumors in and you went to a scandal on there. The story is now that they Clinton people. The Clinton people were backing Wesley Clark. There were the ones that circulated that rumor in the first place. You ready for that? Yeah, right. That, what? They were pulling the strings behind the scenes for Wesley Clark. And they were going to do whatever they could to do real Kerry. So they were on a Wesley Clark bandwagon. Gore, you saw on a Dean Badwagon and you saw that. They went into crap, we're almost immediately. Nobody, none of these people are on a Kerry Badwagon. So we looked at himself up by his own bootstraps. And he said, we're going to have to force Dean Fonda, who magically occurred in that funny doctor picture. Carme, traitor for. Follow the boxing balls boys and girls okay because it's American politics at its worst butt. A statement released yesterday by Alexander Paul year, Paulier, whatever our name is, has been the subject of rumors looking heard a Senator John Kerry who looks a little scary. For the last several days, I've seen internet and tabloid rumors relating to man's Senator John Kerry because these stories were false. I assume the media would ignore them. It seems that efforts to pedal these lies continue, so I feel compelled to address them. I've never had a relationship with Senator Kerry and the rumors in the press are completely false. Whoever is spreading these rumors and allegations do not know me, but should know the pain they've caused me and my family. I'm in Kenya. Can you believe it? I'm in Kenya with my fiance visiting his family. And we asked that the press respect their privacy and leave all of us alone. A statement by Terry and Donna Poydie, the parents of Alexander, we've spoken to our daughter, the allegations that have been made regarding her are completely false and unsubstantiated. We love and support her 100%. And these unfounded rumors are hurtful to our entire family. We appreciate the way Senator Kerry's handle the situation and intend on voting for him for president of the United States. How do you like that? There you go. Yeah. Ms. Fudge. Stick that in your busy butt. Okay. And your busy butt. You busy body. Piece of crap. Now I guess he gives his act. Let him give new meaning of the term busy body, huh? Or can you imagine the parade? I guess all the people are used to show up at what's his name that got shot and killed. One of these. Yeah. How do you know? Oh, Charlie versus. I guess that crowd. They're all high tail in it. High ash in it down to a misfudges joint. When you think? High fives. You see he's got these got that magnifying glass. I've heard a CD in finding anything. He's checking out the box of shorts. Okay. Here's the reason all the rest of these pull. We got a lot of numbers, man. Oh, look at that. What? I can't believe it. What the hell I do in my glasses? Oh, no. They're gone. It's one of those ironic things. You need your glasses to find your glasses. You believe that? They disappear. Well, finally, I'm going to break. No, I don't need the glasses to read this, but I just happened to notice they disappeared. Just let it out. You're a little bit unsettled being old and blind. But we need only one more vote for 1700. Right? Right. So let's do the Daly. Yesterday we asked which of these would you think was the biggest scandal of all time. Invasion of Iraq based on lies, 157. Why should I, can I refresh it when you got it? I just refreshed it. I got 17 even. All right. 17 even. So I got 17. No one. I got an extra one just for the weekend. Which of these do you think was the biggest scandal of all time? Invasion of Iraq based on lies. 558. The 2000 election, 385. I got a great, very short story. Okay. By Danny's shector of the news dissector. That's his thing. I just bag. It's on our website. I'm going to read it. It's fabulous. 2000 election scandal, 35. Priest Chow to be a scandal. 265, which is getting bigger and worse by the minute. They're finally starting to admit a few numbers, which you know is just a tip of the iceberg. Water get 135. The OG Simpson murder charges 101. Monica penis gate only 67. Thought that's a big scandal. The biggest. Ted Kennedy in chap of critic with 2D 61. Did he have the D stands for? No. What? Death or drowning? Oh, okay. Or maybe death by drowning. Warren Commission report 42. Nothing but a cover up. Around 237. Michael Jackson's Hamill Station charges 21. John Kerry and Drudgegate 15 are still voting for it. And Spahino. Thus those are the real died in a world bushbook. Because they're peeing in their pants that they know Kerry, who's ahead by 5.10 and pulls again the latest poll of Bush. They know Kerry's going to like to floor with him. Vatican banking scandal 13. Gary Condod, Sean Reliebie 6. Robert Plague murder charges only 3. And Gary Harton down a rise. Small potatoes only appear only 2 votes for them. We've got over, you know, remember yesterday I said our hot couples contest. We'd have over 1000 votes by the time we sat down this morning. Yeah, you were wrong. We've got over 2,000 votes. And some of them are actually for real. I don't know which ones and of course we don't really care. But boy, it's going to take about to go through all of that. And of course a lot of people may have been on vacation yesterday away for 3 day weekend. We got Halley's berries on a website too as an Eddon Ducement to go and went to Docheck them out from the movie or what sort fish. Sortfish with the onches John Provoltan. Yeah. And Ed Flick. Good explosions. Bad Flick. I see. Anyway, New York Times reports illegal thought of vote perds 3 years after killing the story. The guy sacked her Danny Shekter formerly of ABC's 2020 Asked how the Times could editorialize on a story they never ran in the first place. He said the New York Times lead editorial Sunday was about how America doesn't vote. It featured proposals for many reforms to guarantee Americans the right to vote and have that vote counted. It's lead paragraph has as its second sentence. In 2000, American public saw him Katherine Harris's massive purge eligible voters in Florida. How easy it is for registered voters to lose their rights by bureaucratic Fiat. The editorial goes on to quote the US Civil Rights Commission's findings documenting how people falsely designated his felons were struck from the polls. When I read this I call investigative journalist Greg Palae as to read it to him Greg appeared in Counting on Democracy. He fell my directed on the voting to buckle in Florida. He was the first top journalist to report on the voter fraud but not in the US but on the BBC in England of course. What he shouted me on the phone you must be kidding. He couldn't believe it because the New York Times refused to carry the story at the time and it might have done some good. He didn't even report on the Civil Rights Commission's findings and references near the editorial only on Republican objections to those findings. You would think that the massive purge they cite in 2004 might have been news fit to print back in 2000, the Washington Post-Kerry Greg's article on the subject but until June of 2001. The nation ran it and followed up earlier CBS News wouldn't run it, Greg was told by a staffer because Harris office denied it. Huh? The whole sorted story of Big Media response to his findings appears in the last book the best Democracy Money can buy and was carried first on Media Channel. This is so strange whether they heavily have media review of the balding? The New York Times is under the keen newspapers in the consortium. The findings were delayed and delayed and then reported in such a confusing manner you need an MIT degree in linguistics to puzzle out what it was saying in airplane crash that they knocked it out of the news altogether. Later the New York Times owned investigative reporter who supervised the media review told me on camera and it's in the film that Al Gore won. Does any of this make any sense? A top reporter challenging the main frame of the story is published and an editorial three-plus years later, citing as alarming and as a fact a massive purge that had never reported or explained. One more thing, Greg noted there still not making you clear that most of those were purged were black and naturally likely Gore voters surprise surprise. Right, Stan, you share the list. Did any of you go near or try to find it gets around to what now that the bodies are even warm normal? A disgrace. Let's see, what is this? Did the endothels breed with humans? What is this all about? Okay, man, stop. Staying strong. So, we're excited. More than at witchcraft, man. Yeah, but it's about as a fossilized Israeli poop. More the, the handy work of the devil, I can smell it right on the page. I can smell the devil's echo. My ass right out of that tail. Smell the fossilized poop. Fasalized human feces tens of thousands of years old are helping scientists answer one of the most intriguing questions and anthropology in early humans interbreed within the endothalls. And move to South Florida, or maybe to Tennessee. Researchers are sifting through the debt for the, the treatis. Careful how you treat us. Oh, I think there's only one last day that we can actually say this on the air. So we can say that they're sifting through the, of two stone age cave sites in Israel to find several human escramin of human, sorry. That could be analyzed for DNA and point of signs that the endothalls and anatomically modern humans had children together. Oh my God. I know who one of them is. And the other one just had a surprise birthday party Friday night. The thick-setting endothalls seem to have almost disappeared by the time that the first modern humans, the crow magnets arrived in Europe, and the middle east some 50,000 years ago. Oh, that messes with our Bible stuff again, 50,000 year-long. More handy work of the devil. But there has been intense speculation about whether the endothalls died out completely left some hybrid descendants. Most of whom live in the southern US. In Rit Pona, a roadmap to the University of Ontario, Canada, said, A, that a project to analyze the generic material of human, coperalites, fossilized, stools, could help solve the mystery of by looking for hybrid chromagvent in the endothall DNA from the same individual. He said, I take chromagvent DNA and prophonateinothall DNA if the inner bread and the DNA is from the endothall, pick it up as obvious interbreeding. Panion tell the just know from bones and artifacts that these really caves were inhabited almost certainly at the same time by chromagvent in the endothalls like the ones who are killing each other in the middle east right now. So it's an obvious place to look for signs of interbreeding. He said, when you take sediments from cave the majority are feces that have just been trampled in time, over time. They've been trampled in feces, okay? Kind of like when you come to the QMLBator. 1013 at 560 speaking of feces has to add recto and you know last time you look at a cashew decided it's just too small, it's like Todd wreck it's small and useless. It doesn't impress women no more when it definitely doesn't last as long as it used to. We're talking about your, it begins with a pee, paycheck. Small fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train if you really want to get out of your rut if you really looking for a life. If not just they work in for a minimum wage, but if you want to make a big change for the better, call fast train and start a brand new high-paying computer career. Because in just four short months fast train could up you get a new high-paying computer career that I made for computer professional is growing like crazy. Todd of course is not. With seven locations fast trains about to have a campus nearby you they offer you job placement, financial, system for people who qualify and would they not weekend classes. No excuse to stay near that end job, no more. So pick up that phone and call them today because now you can have a big fat paycheck that'll stretch pretty damn far. Check them out of the web if you're like a fast train to a combat make that call get off your ass. Pick up your instrument and call once and for all at 1-866 fast train be sure to tell the Todd wreck toward you to call. Kaka, proof, person, what else? What am I missing? I am a smelling mint introduces the definitive collection for the annual retention. The feces are the species series. This we are pleased to pass on to you the most exotic animal droppings collection of their business. Our annual duty replicas are handcraft of the finest cuter order today and your first two will arrive in two weeks. Classic pouching. Really you can almost sniff. The marbler, the attention to the tail and the amenades at the enormity of the elephant and the cuteness of the bunny bullet. Order today and you'll receive our special bird since. See what it looks like before it hits your windshield. We are part of this powerful moon. There's no time to waste. Call now. The feces of the species collection is going fast. It's big feces. Here's our first call today. WDQM feces line. Hello. Yes, sir Mr. Color. What's the what to be? Yeah, go around and help. So anyway, let's take a look. 2300 votes almost on a poll. Yep. Are you with me? I'm with you right here. Or give me. For 22 as Bill Colt, you should say friend or foe. I've got to get all the way to the bottom here. If I do it this way, it's going to take 295. I'm only going to do this once a day because otherwise it'll kill a half an hour to show. We don't want to do that. But it'll work. Or first one. Right. Monica and Brian are leading with 519 our hot couples contest. Sarah and Sean. 316. And don't don't get panicked anybody because the tremendous swans one way to the one way to the one who's cheating the best. I mean, Karen and Joe got 196. 198 like I said. Jesse and Jeffrey, 195. Who are these people? Carmen and Carlos, 150. Remember Carlos? No. Oh yeah. Erin and Brandon, 115 for Erin and Brandon. Also couple of those are hola was from last year. They tried it. David and Gavny. Garvey. Edgar. 92. Jessica and Henry 86. Man, oh man, there's like 35 of these. I'm not going to read them all. Carmen and Danny 84. And Andy and Billy got 49. After that, it's downhill from there. I'm not going to read them all for crying out loud. Take. It would take till noon. That would be bad wouldn't it? Oh yeah. Probably be good idea. But we got too many fish to practice. There are a lot of good calls like that. First one. WQAM. Yeah, I was wondering why on that poll about the fans. It just fans the last 10 years that you guys didn't have Creed on there. Probably because you didn't call in and suggested. Oh, it's not pretty difficult to get through these days. You know Neil. I know it's tough. It's tough. Okay. Next time in. Okay. Okay. See that's another Indian guy's upset. Is he? No, I'm just really Indians are pissed off about everything. You know the red skin thing. What's the latest thing? They're all been out of shape about. Oh, that's right. Outcast. They're all pissed off and fired up. We had to have another CBS apology. Everybody the French are in. You're Quebec. Or all pissed off a Conan O'Brien and Don Sherry. And everybody's all politically incorrect. I'll screw them all. You know, I'm sick of it. We've heard of it. If I'll just look for all the crap that's going on in the world. These people. And just like Miguel, your buddy there. Oh, man. He is seriously. What are we going to do? Let's send him over to Dr. Ak Akland or whatever his name is on passion. Askins. Dr. Akland. I can act as his wife was on last night. We'll get to that. Just don't push me. Some of Gell comes in this morning. What is he worried about? He needs a lot of bottom. He's worried about the fact that Beyonce, the side of one booby, evidently made it. Oh, I was out taking a crap when you guys were talking about that. If flashed, but it didn't make it on air because TNT had the seven second delay going to the NBA all star game. I mean, does anybody connect it with his show care about the NBA all star game? No. Hopefully Josh doesn't care about that, does he? No. Yeah. If he enjoys the dollar 35 cent now, he's making. But I just don't care about that. So did I watch it? Do I have any interest in it? No. I mean, Beyonce's booby would be nice. We'd love to have that on our website. Beyonce, no. I'll over the point. Oh, I want to tell you something. We had almost a half a minute hits on our website yesterday. Just with, I mean, a couple of scontors helped. Yeah. But I mean, Halle's berries, I think, was a big incentive. Plus, of course, to picture of Howard Dean, the screen human screen machine doing a sting with Janet Jackson movie. Oh, man. He has squeezed that thing so tight. It's about to burst. Any? Maybe that's why a screen is a lot. Yeah, I don't know what to make a him. He just, uh, that's because she's got those pointy spikes on that broach there. So when you're ready, maybe he, maybe he, and her himself. Yeah. He's down and down. Maybe he reached over there thinking he would grab a little nip and instead, got a little took. Got a prick on his finger. Why, why, so, I asked, Doff what I was talking about this morning again before he started making comments like that. What were you talking about? His date with the beast. Uh, anyway, I was just about to say something very important before you truly weigh it. How lot? Oh, about Howard Dean. I don't know what he's thinking about. Does anybody have any idea what this man, he keeps talking, like, like a dead man, like Don I'm, I don't know what he's thinking. And I mean, well, uh, if he doesn't win and Wisconsin today, uh, let's make no difference. He's going to go on and he'll pick another state where he might have a chance. He's waiting for a stupid Tuesday is what he said. He's a little deluded. He is just lost. I think I, I think the minute he let out that Kishra, I think something popped in his, uh, in his forehead. Now he was in the hit me. He does look just like an older Joe Castello. You'll see when Joe Castello, how old would you say Dean is about 50? All right. They're about. I think you were taking when Joe Castello gets to be 50. I guarantee you. Uh, I'll be pushing a basis, but you'll see. All right. I'll mail you a picture. Yeah, man, put, put a picture on my tombstone. We're going to have a slot installed. And here's the poll for today. I got just too much crap going all the way. Do want to take a lot of really good calls to make you a hello. Not there. See, that was, that's the best one so far. No, the guy with Creed, he was already. How many wish was he behind? Not turned me. But slow, but better late than ever. What does he mean it so hard to get through to me with screen list these days? What is that all about? No lines ringing. It's hard now. Pretty good. And not cases aren't called in yet. They're waiting for the sign for the signal. Okay. I give them the high sign. It's a secret code that us, you know, crazy people use. Here's the poll today. We got two, four, six, eight, nine choices for you. And they're already voting on there. Or here's one of them. WQM. Hello. I told you. Which of these applies to you? I voted for Gore. Well, should I read the results? We got so far. I better not. Well, wish a little too. I want to see if I can find my glass. I heard you. I heard you. I heard you. I heard you. I heard you. I heard you. I heard you. She got it. She had no exactly what they were, what I want to take that, uh, late dump this morning, which I never do. I usually do a very good job the first time I wanted to take a second. Do I? Yes. May I ask a big news? We don't care about this fact. Stop sending it. It doesn't matter how many times you send it. I'm not going to send it. What is it? all of these emails that are going around about what the Democrats said before the war and support of Bush and the war to show how hypocritical. Not interested, yeah, right. Not interested, okay. This is a fun show. This is an entity. See what we do is we suck the audience in, if I can say that, would pictures of Halle's berries and Janet Jackson and stuff like that. And then we put a few interesting articles on there too, and hopes that just by accident, they might fall across one of them. You know what I'm saying? DBS Dodd-y. Which is just the way we do it on the ear. We play a lot of part sounds, and then we figure, you know, the jack asses that listen the far side and sit and rub themselves silly, listen, we might actually hear something and learn something, but at the same time. I guess I better do the break, and then we'll do the pull. This is hard. Are you part of? Huh? That was a simple little message. So how's Duffy doing on it? Project, he's working on it. Could you be more specific? And what is the beast not with this is he ill? Is he ill? What you're talking about? He's in, I didn't hear him this morning, he heard Zach. That was on the beast, that was Zach on it with Joe. Though the beast is present and accounted for. Is he? What was on the other word, said, Joe's got, how can Joe be in a room with those two at the same time? And these are a more near. Absolutely. Craft, talk about a ton of fun. Man, oh man. They'll always need, and there's the Humper. Totally, huh? And then if I come back to them, hold that building, we'll sink into the ground of the foundation. 27 past 10, all that we do like build me a buttercup by the foundations. We'll hear that at the top of each hour, magic one or two points seven. Hey, if your weight is about like 302 points seven, and you want to lose some of that, sitting around watching Dr. Eckon's wife ring your hands on the ringing. That will not help you lose the weight. Balance for like, and do it though. If you've tried all the others, the low carb and the low this and the doctor's still man, if you try every day down to the sun, you're still a big tub of waddling crap, like the beast. We tried him on balance for like he was doing great. He lost 50 pounds on it, and then he said he's just a lazy slobby. He's happy being that way. On the other hand, Katrina's lost about 20 pounds, and I guarantee you, she's not going to go back to being the tub that she used to be. No chance. Balance for life, based on his own diet, they prepare fantastic delicious fresh food, nothing frozen, no preservatives, and they deliver a little black sack to your door every day. That's how this thing works. By six and a.m., there it is. Reach outside the door. That's all the work you have to do. Inside the sack, three hormonally balanced gourmiamials, two delicious snacks, even a 60-ounce bottle of water. It's all in there. And the weight pours off your ass like crazy to reason being that there's enough food to keep your five speedings for crying out loud. To keep you satisfied and full all day long, it's delicious stuff too. Nothing pre-fab like I said before. So if you want to really lose that weight get with the real proven controlled weight lawsuit, healthy lifestyle, a balance for life, no shopping, no calorie counting, no carb counting, how do you do as full out the menu once a week? That's all the hard work you have to do. Call Balance for Life Today and get yourself started. You'll see results in a matter of days. Call 9-5-4-5-6-832-29-9-5-4-5-6-832-29 or check them out online at balanceforlife.co. How much does it go? It works the lowest in the best. I've got my skin shooting up on that glacier. Hello Clever! So is this the midfalf 2004? I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. They give you a big, mental test. How would that be? All me on QA and when you hear somebody broadcasting from the NFL come by and come in with their other set of NFL column by them. Additk10 and jewel mark overnight. 2 to 5 providing in of course. It's the personal committee and the financial committee. And some kick, squeaky. Draw rows 8 to 10 every morning. Let's align up here on QA. Any interest? No. I didn't think so. applies to you nine choices? I guess I'll read him the way that they're coming down, right? Because otherwise it'll be pretty confusing. A lot of people voting already, 156 votes I haven't even given the podium. I voted for Gore in 2000, I'll vote for Carrie 98. I voted for Bush in 2000 and will again 17, 10.8%. I'm too stupid of vote 11. Stay home, please. I didn't vote in 2000, but probably some of those people voted for Duke Cannon and their impomviate county. I'm too stupid of vote, you know what I mean? Old Jews for Buchanan, he's not on a ballot this time. But now Flandon will be on there. I didn't vote in 2000, but will in 2004, 10. Well that's a good sign, right? Yeah. Although we probably should have, uh, I don't know, shouldn't we have like narrowed that down a little bit more specific? Like what? Like who are going to vote for? That's the purpose of this poll today. It means it's not scientific, it's just for fun. I voted for Bush in 2000, but I'll vote for Carrie 8. I voted for Nader, but this time Carrie 6, Nader is going to run again, by the way. We had that on the other day. I didn't mention it because it makes me puke. I mean you talk about an ego, a fricken ego, Jesus Christ. I voted in 2000, but I won't this year five. I really don't know why. I voted for Nader with this time Bush won and not old enough to vote non-nobody, but it didn't ball be in school. Especially after getting a busman's holiday yesterday, right? Right. Much of punks in school. What are little pencils and papers and uh, crap. Condoms. Spitballs, drugs, weapons, sharp weapons, knives, which play, that's things like that. Priest speaking of that, would you just say, huh? Nothing. Priest and scandal dives, see? And this is, we're not even given to the survey about all the priest. About 4% of the priest already are out of the closet as far as a big and trauma lesters. We're not even talking about the ones who haven't been caught yet, or ones uh, you know what I'm saying? All of the rest. All of the rest, like the other 95%. Right. WQM line 6, hello. A Catholic priest was found dead two days after denying he said a 1995 letter that accused his bishop being part of a ring of homosexual Albany priests. How about a read that again? A Catholic priest was found dead two days after denying that he said a 1995 letter that accused his bishop of being part of a ring of homosexual Albany priests. The Reverend John Minkler 57 was found dead Sunday in his home in suburban water fleet. The death remains shrouded in mystery. Police won't say how or when Minkler died. You think that's uh, connected with the shroud of turin? shrouded what? The shroud of water fleet. But that was very disturbed that his name was associated with the letter and he wanted to assure me that he was not at off-a-rub any bish of Howard Hubbub, said yes today. Minkler was ordained in 1972 of in Chapplen of Stratan Veterans Medical Center in Albany for about 20 years. This is a tragedy no matter what are the circumstances Hubbord said a priest has died and I've great sympathy for his family. There'll be very much in my prayers. A copy of the 1995 letter supposedly sent to the Arts Sciences of New York and Manhattan. Surface following a press conference last week called by a lawyer who's represented several alleged victims of the sex abuse by priest, the Albany Diasi's in the statement issued yesterday said, Minkler was identified as the letters author and a subsequent TV news report. The purported letter to the late John Cardinal O'Connor was denied by Minkler in the written statement and no such letter was found in the files of the Archdiocese according to Albany Statement. Hubbard also finds himself facing a new accusation. Last week an upstate man said Hubbard had a sexual relationship with his brother, Thomas Zellay 30 years ago, Zellay committed suicide in 1978. I just mentioned antipassing. Coincidence. Yes, the other reason you don't have so many of these people coming forward right now to say oh, I was most invited by Father Hubbard or whatever it was 20 years ago 30 years ago because a lot of those people are committed suicide. Oh, hey. Or died. Cardinals and bishops don't have people killed Michael. Who's being naive now for a hey? 187 votes. I think we need to just leave it too many choices on there already. Yeah, you don't say. Let's see. I voted for Bush in 2000 and will again 11.2%. That's you people really seriously need some help. You just your hopeless. This is like preaching to the evangelist crowd and I've garnished health and there is nothing you can say or do just like that story about the feces of the species. You know the stuff that the 50,000 year. Right. All these things planted it. Let me say it again. If you believe the Bible, you have to believe that the world is 6,000 years old. Only a moron, only an imbosil, only an idiot would believe that. Only a fool. Say, Ted, excited. What admit to that? It really makes me sick to just show the corner of my eye. I saw that a ride crap. I don't want to get them to sports. But why even bother? You know, I mean, all of these sports hockey is going to miss a whole season next year because of this and baseball never they keep saying, oh, well, we're not going to continue this. The owners are going to keep doing it. And they do keep they keep doing it. Sure paid off for Texas. Yeah, they finished last place every year at a rod plate. They're now the Yankees. They're going to, uh, it's just ludicrous. As George Steinbender just keeps writing a chess right in the text he owns MSG. So he's got millions and millions and millions of revenue coming in the other owners don't have plus his own millions and billions. And he's just a big fat pop as ass with a stupid STV show that Donald Trump has got between the two of the man. They make me just want to bark. Birds of a feather, you know? How much do you need? How many billions? You need before your ego is fully satisfied. You just get out of our face. Get away from us all. Huh? How many billions are there? The George Steinbender and Donald Trump's in all of these fail. At least Bill Gates who you hate, at least he's doing a hell of a lot for charity. I'm not seeing that these other guys might not. What? Yes, he is a little bit. Yeah. I mean, he's an asshole and a twerp and he just makes me sick to see him. But at least he's doing some good thing. Ted Turner, there's another one, right? Maybe one of the luckiest people on the face of the globe got religion. He got religion. Garbara Jane Fonda? Stucker over there with John Kerry and as Fony picture we've been looking at? Huh? Call me Ted. Nobody also take her. Let's stick over there. Why under John Kerry? He looks kind of scary. Let's probably a misfudge. He had something to do with that. Wouldn't surprise me. He's good at fudge and it's what I'm hearing. I wonder what he's finding on him. Under way. I think there's any stains on him. What you find Matt? He's also good at finding stains. He's the stain inspector. You didn't know that, didn't you? Since Jane, yeah, I do that. Mr. with the blue dress with the stain and now he's looking at him on these, on them under panties and stained rhymes with Jane Fonda. Which of these applies to you were asking? We got 22 votes already pretty damn quick. I voted for Gordon 2000. I'll vote for Kerry this time. 124. Oh, right. I voted for Bush in 2000. Well, again, 23 is George going to vote? No. Can George vote? No. He's George going to be deported, so. I didn't vote in 2000. Now what about Josh? Do you vote? No. Why not? Are you under 18? No. No. I just see it as you have a voter registration card? No, I don't. Why not? I kind of see it as whoever in the office is really not going to change my life, so, you know. You know, it's going to be interesting when you're wearing that nice outfit. You're going to be goose step in a long, taking orders. You might be singing a different tune in, Mr. This is a good young punk man. Oh, don't think he's in the middle of the road. I'm not going to change my life. Right. Already has. Right. So that when he outlawed, when he showed gets outlawed, and you're out on the street with your thumb out, then we have to vote. Yeah. And then you think about voting, getting a voter registration card, you put. See, this is one thing in South Florida, unlike the rest of the country where the college campuses started to get like a little bit of a ripple effect. In fact, they're drinking. Now you am there drinking ripple. They can't afford nothing better than that. They can't even take it too far. They're funny money. You imagine, say, I'm from the University of Miami. Can you imagine telling anybody that? They were laughing, you're asked right out of the room, no matter where you were. Anyway, getting back, I'm sorry. That's a cute. They will. 2014 votes are voted for gore in 2000, but I'll vote for Kering now 130 sticking with the party. I vote for Bush in 2000 and will again, damn it 25. No matter what you say, you'll come a pink ol' facts out of a bitch atheist bastard you. That's 11.6%. I didn't vote in 2000 but will in 2017 and that better include Josh real soon. Get your ass over there and register it. I'm too stupid of vote 14. I voted for Bush in 2012. I voted for Nader this time for Kering. There's another 9. I voted in 2006. I voted for Nader but this time Bush only won and not old enough to vote none there in school. Got that? Got it. Looking pretty good. I'm going to tell you right now I'm going to bet Josh and Greg Reed's life on. I'm going to turn it a little bonus there today. I bet both those lives on it that just Kering just beats the crap out of Bush and Florida this time. Yeah, I don't know. Because not only will the dark votes be counted this time but man they're multiplying like crazy just in case. I'm not. I'm not. This is 4.25. 6. 2. 2. Yeah. For they please completely rooted in science. So with no beliefs, I'll sign up what you can see with your own two eyes. Well then chances are that the old testament didn't do it for you. And neither did the deal. So with the Lord's final attempt to bring your story ass around, check out the latest book from God entitled Screw You Two. You're a great little bastard. Start up in chapter one with who do you think caused the flood that wiped out your house last week. And then move on to such later chapters as step outside I dare you. And drop to your knees and pray or those hemorrhides won't ever go away. It's screw you two. You are a great little bastard. The latest release from God. It's better the book of Mormon, better the Torah and the Bible combined by yours today. 1045 at 560. This fact has got a good point. It says I think I voted for Gorb. But who the hell knows? I'll vote for anyone who has to double your sister. And that's a good point. Because in Florida they do everything in their power to make sure that your vote don't count. Unless it's on the right side, the far right side of the ledger. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. I'm wanting to interstrap or at least at least 1,500 maybe 3,000 calls today between down to a clock. Between all this important stuff. Pepper in there. Pepper in there. Play a little pepper. QA and hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. How are you? I'm doing pretty damn good. Let me tell you something. You're a George Steinbretter and I agree that he is a piece of garbage. But let me tell you something. He's a guy. Are you going to tell me something? He's a pen foot tall statue. Yeah. I'm paired to Wayne Highsinger who is the biggest piece of human crap to ever come out of an element. Ever since asked. Maybe he's only in his wallet ever don't I? Let me tell you something. He tells me something. He could fix a good deal for the Marlons at that stadium. Yeah. He won't. There's only one problem with that. Nobody cares about the Marlons. I can appreciate that. Nobody cares. But every the ascension to the number of season tickets they've sold so far you could stick and Wayne's ass and ever left over the Chinese Army. Every sports team down here including the heat if you remember. He tried to get his brother-in-law to scum up that team a while back. But nobody cares. Don't you understand other than the dolphins. Nobody cares about sports and soft food. It's all bull crab it. It's all phony baloney. It's just a plastic thing. I agree. I'm just so why worry about the George Steinbretter. George Steinbretter is an egotist of the worst kind. When he bought the Tampa, he had a horse running a Tampa Bay downs one day. He fired the guy when they had the opening of the meeting. He even was doing something with a program. Then he had one of his own horses running. He had them scrape the inside of the the inside of the track along the rail because his horse had through the rail. And a horse went down the road wire to wire in one. He's just an egotistical lunatic whose ego is so out of control and he makes me want a puke and I'm going to tell you something. Have a nice day. I thought he was going to tell me something. But he told you two things. Oh. You know what he cares about that stuff? It's like it. It's like Miguel told me about the NBA all-star Gary. Realize he was talking about Beyonce's booby which we do care about that because it's boobs central now and it's so boobs and dikes that's where it's at. You know I'm a little slow to learn. That's all people care about. Yeah. I mean we should we should learn from our good friend Tom Hopkins. He was right when he said America loves to watch boobs and butts and boating. That's it. That's all Josh carries about that's why he's not going to go vote. Yeah. I could go register to vote. He's too busy getting late. You know I have time for that. What do you think the busy looking on the internet for pornography? In fact, if he gets that computer, that's always going to be doing his going on. Every internet porn site that's ever been invented. We know that. So it's a point. I'm just saying that's what that's what we're living in reading people our most concerned about. So this all is other. Well, I'm going to vote. You know they're not. No they're not. I mean here's one of the great disc races happened right there in front of people. This is in Florida. And what are they worried about this guy? I mean, the guy's a good guy this colleague. I've never told me nothing. They was going to tell me. But who cares about your it's timeburner? I just mentioned that in passing because I saw pay ride on TV out of the corner of my eye. And it makes me nauseous. Hey, how about 18 million year pay ride you asked. Oh, I know we took a pay cut. Yeah, wow. What if he do? Makes me just want to barf. You'll see baseball and they're just doing it like the slow painful way. Look what a great team they got in Detroit and Cleveland, but at New Stadium. I found the toilet nobody's going there. No, no, no. It's just garbage. And if the Marlins should have an offseason God forbid, if that should happen, which is a distinct possibility, you'll be able to have your own section at P.P. Park. And don't tell me it's an crappy stadium in a crappy location. All the other excuses. It's just it's like the people that were taking a caps in the outfits back for refunds that after the World Series parade. I thought that was a joke. Is it true story? Yes. Oh, can I give my money back for this? I don't really want it. I just want to have it for the break. Can I get some refund? No. No. You asshole. You phony. Airzots. Human being you. You piece of turd. Maybe they can investigate some of those people. They're checking out these feces of the species. Do they? Autum. I think they ought to check out these feces in Florida real quick. WCWM. Hello. Proud. What the hell is that? I think he's got a blow up. I don't you? Yeah. It's a revolve. Fun. WCWM. Hello. Pretty good sir. Do they want to actually have a few hockey boys? Yeah. We don't want to lose the audience. All right. Yeah. I want to leave Stewart. Please turn first place in the Division. Beat Pittsburgh 8.4 last night. 70.6 points. Thank you. I'm going to get any though back because the fact helped this played in the last night. Trevor Kid blows. I told you that long time ago. Trevor Kid blows. But that's another story for another day because we don't want to get hockey in Tissum. George is lining up some of them hockey shows with rumors. I bet they're on the road though. The team is on the road. I'll keep Carolina last night. 3-1. Empty. And by Rob Brindamort. Too bad. That was it must win game. They lost. Fantas. No play Austin. Keep changing coaches. Bring in another cheap guy. They should have brought in Larry Robinson. But they've had a custom some money. I don't know more because he's just bleeding a sea of writing there in South Florida. Took him back to the guy who's been telling me something. That's the same thing. Anybody. Any real hockey fans there? No. Oh, maybe a few. That's it. Nobody else cares. Ram survey 450 priest accused of child sex abuse. Oh my god. You people are keep subsidizing this insanity. Children accused more than 4,000 priest of sex abuse near between 1950 and 2002 according to what Ram survey commissioned by the US Conference of Catholic Bishops or finally getting around to try to cover their ass. Because ass is their middle name. The survey to be released in its entirety February 27, 10 days from now. Found that children made more than 11,000 allegations of sex abuse by priests. Now keep in mind that's only people that came forward. Right. The 4450 of youth priests represent about 4% of the 110,000 priest who served during the 52 years covered by the study. That means one out of every 25 that we know of. And this was a go through a few isolated incidents. 4%. The report is based on the nationwide survey of church records compiled by the John Jay College of Criminal Justice for the Conference. The Bishop's Conference Commission the survey to get a better understanding of the scope of the cases. Hey father, you better wash your mouth out with scope. Okay, before you attend you next altar boy. Clear the deck. Yeah. You know what they used to call father, uh, pushing and boss them. No, I don't. Old penis, push. I was just because of the way he looked like. That was a gacky. Okay. CNN reviewed a draft copy of the survey. Officials said it might be slightly changed before it's released to see what they can cover up. More than half the accused priest had one allegation against some 25% had more than, uh, had two or three and 13% or 578 priest had four to nine allegations. Three percent had ten or more allegations. How is the father, uh, gagan doing? Is he still dead? Yeah. Good. They got it. The reports said 6700 of the 11,000 allegations were investigated and substantiated. Another thousand were unsubstantiated. The remaining 3300 were not investigated because the priest and father were dead at the time. The investigation was made. The director of SNAP survivors network of those abused by priest said Monday, the survey's numbers are low. They're feeling mighty low as what he said. Visits had tried to hide this for years, so there's no reason to believe all of a sudden they would change their ways. David Co. has he said, the only prudent thing to do is do assume this is not the entire truth. This is a survey not a reporter investigation. The only prudent thing. I'm a patient's in prudence. You do? No. No, you know. Tonight you belong to me by patients and prudence. I'll liberty records. I believe something like that. I'll look it up. According to the survey, 78% of those abuse were between the ages of 11 and 17. 16%, 8 to 10 years old. And nearly 6% were 7 years old and younger. Fah. Fah. And in a meantime, what are they worried about? They're worried about crack. They're worried about Kakka. They're worried about the goddamn, what's his name? Scott Peterson. Kakka. Poop and crap. That's the media for you, man. The media could be doing so much till either public by the nose and a right direction, but instead they're lesing them down a garden path of crap because that's the only way they can make money they think is by Pivot and crap. You know who's biography I saw again I've seen it before on the biography channel. I give up Edward our mural. Oh man. Where's he today? Well, he's smoke a bit too many. Boy, you talk about guys who used to change smoke on the ear in those days. Wow, back in the day. Wow, wow, they showed some of the scenes from see it now. They had that puffer other show. They had puffed piece interview show. Which got much bigger ratings than see it now because they had celebrities on it. They had the Kennedy's and they had Bob Hope and those people. And that's what everybody wanted to see celebrities way back then. This is not a new phenomenon. It's not like all of a sudden people became obsessed with celebrities and with Gasa, Penda. I mean, there were long before there was Miss Fudge, there was the well of Parsons and Walker Winshield and in people. So this has been a problem with people. Because they really should care about it. It's like what your buddy Josh shouldn't there right now. Only cares about his next piece of ass. He don't give a crap about what he's going to go register to vote. He isn't care about that. He's worried about who's going to win a guy named Paul game. And then they can't have his witch game. It is some Paul game. That's all. Like Clarence in there. You should tell the Republicans what an outlaw asks. Which is dead. That's right. If you get bushing or again, believe me, you'll never see any. He'll be the only bushel get. But hey, you do what you please. Okay. You just kind of go along and oblivion and wake up on day and say, Well, how did this happen? How did they close down my favorite, you know, porno store? All of these things, huh? It won't even have that curtain in the back of Blockbuster. No more where you can go back there and get the Debbie does Alice. 303 votes on a pool. Which of these applies to you? I voted for Gordon 2000. I vote for Kerry 180. 60% damn near. I voted for Bush in 2000. Will again 35. 11.5% Wow, George. Yeah. What? That's a far cry from news. It's a usual 17.18%. Just wait, they'll catch up. I didn't vote in 2000, but will in 2004, 28. We should have found out which way they're leaning. I voted for Bush in 2000. I'll vote for Kerry this time 18. I'm too stupid of O18. That's what Josh voted for. I voted for Nader this time. Kerry 16. I voted in 2000, but I won't this year. Six. Why the hell not? We want to know. We're going to come to your house and drag your ass out. Only to vote for Kerry. You would be it's. I voted for Nader, but this time for Bush, too. And I'm not old enough to vote. The big O. Aren't you surprised to be going old enough to vote? My wife and locals, helping us out by a party. We do we have. Brilliant. Don't ask her. I have enough election officials left you who confused. Here is your guys to understand. How to cast your vote in on Beach County, Florida. Follow along with me to see just how easy it can be. Let's get started. Shall we? Joining me here in the booth is Mr. Murmelsdee. Who are you voting for? I'll leave him. You see. Now, read the butterfly ballad. Starting with Bush Kady and the left column. You can and Chickal Gruwer, Mangala, Ikemen and Gerbles in the right. Where's our leave? Over there. His guy goes guy. Yes. Is this guy who makes my baby food? No. Now simply punch a hole in the 1959 Univac key punch card. Wait. Over there. Here. Use this microscope. Oh, there. Is that it? No. Okay. I punch a good. Oh, no. That invalidates your vote. All right. Yeah. I don't know. You can't do that again. I'll punch you. What? You. All right. Not a wringle, heeb. Remember, comrades, if you want to live in Florida. Exercise your right to vote in accordance to the Little Brother. It's 1102 at 560. That last part of that Vibromyne's being of something happening at the movies. There in, uh, that's who long going Tamarack. But anyway. At any rate. Oh, I lied. I said three more American soldiers died in the last 24 hours. Make it four now. I said just a quick blurb on CNN about a half a second. Roadside bomb. Other than American soldier. They're just dying over there like crazy. Like flies and nobody cares no more. It's just sad. It's pathetic. But we got to worry about important things like his Martha Stewart go to jail. I like that. So I should. I couldn't care. Let me let me give you a list of things that I don't ever want to hear about. Martha Stewart Scott Lacy Peterson. Mark Garragos. Uh, the NBA All-Star game. George Steinbrenner. Payrod. The freaking Yankees. All of those things. Baseball in general. Et cetera. Yeah. Now get him back to your priest friends. My buddy. Your buds. Roman Catholic Arts Dicis of Los Angeles. The nation's biggest release. Their details. The yesterday. On sex abuse of its. Of miners by its 40 cents. 1930 reporting the. Among the highest number claims against the West. Dicis today. 6506. That's a nice number. 6. 5. Those are the allegations from people who said they've been molested by 244 priests. Which averages out to about 2.5. How do you molest half a kid? From the waist up or the waist down. I see. A by priest. Deacons. Religious brothers. Seminarians and one other person who is we don't know what their. One other person was. Well. There you go. The L.A. Arts Dicis acknowledged in its report that it's at the center of a tempest of blame and criticism over how it dealt with victims in accused priests. Bishop Mahoney has been targeted for pledging full disclosure of information about clergy misconduct. Then fighting the releases on personnel files for a grand jury including records of counseling for priest at the arts dice. He said we're confidential under state law. In other words kind like Bush and his military records. I'm going to give you everything but no not everything whatever I feel like. Oh, no not that and not this. By the way, among the victims, a among those accused. Oh, this is great. One of the cover up deals. Former priest Michael Baker who remained in the church in church work even though he admitted molesting two boys and now faces more than 20 abuse claims. Cardinal Mahoney was far too lenient in permitting him to continue with the assignments to report said in the other statement of the century. Let me read that again. Former priest Michael Baker who remained in the church work even though he had met admitted at many I can't even say it. I'm so tongue-tight. Admitted molesting two boys and now faces more than 20 abuse claims. So they left them in there so we could do so much more kids than he said. Oh, he's a bad guy. Let's get him out now. Just unconscionable. Unbelievable. That there could be so many stupid stupid stupid lemons running around. How Mary Holy Mother of God bless the end of course. They're busy watching Mel Gibson and passions right now too. I'd rather watch passions with the Sheridan and Luis and Miguel. Then the passion of freaking Christ. Okay. At least there's some entertainment vending there. I'd rather watch Edna Wallace any day the week than watch Mel Gibson. Is he even in the movie? Uh, I don't know. I think he might be Jesus. No. He's Jesus. No, he's not Jesus. I see great Jesus. I don't know. Well why not? You haven't seen it yet? You don't have your book laid copy? No. You better get with it if you're going to be doing your homework. Man, you better go ahead and see the passion of Jesus. I'll put the call in there. Because the spirit of Christ compels you to get off your ass of the Latin Sea at least get a bootleg copy once it's for free. Let's see. It says, you know sports and all the sports people have no clue everybody. I mean our sports experts like Mo Gueldi and Joe given the world series to the egg. Who cares about the fricking world series? Okay. P.S. did you get my CD of 1969 classic of Tom plays what the world read. No, I didn't get that. Did we get that? I didn't get that. Oh, hey, get it. I said it again and quit tell me about the Yankees. Nobody cares. And those people who do care, we don't care about them. And in fact, I just want to tell you that right now. If you care about the Yankees and I said this with all the apology to our close friend, Joe Costello, who looks like a haven't Howard Dean, we don't care about you. Okay. We used to care about you, but now the Yankees just pissed me out. They put me over the edge. Let's see. Here's one says that five paid report of all the emails declaring the hypocritical. Oh, no. The five paid report of all the emails declaring the hypocritical. Our quotes of Democrats over there has been read daily by Phil Henry all last week. Are you sure? Oh, he seemed to take great joy meeting all those quotes finally last Friday. Phil Henry finally declared that he'll be voting for Bush. He is so lost. But this is what happens when you sell your soda, the bushmeister. How do you like that? He finally came out of the closet at cheap channel. The bushman. Okay. Yeah. They made him an offering couldn't refuse and he said, okay. Boy, what a disgrace. Anyway, I'm not going to get excited. Is it any surprise to us? Oh, I am. Absolutely want to puke. Yeah. Look at this. Washington, President Bush pardon the former mayor of Plano, Texas. How about Rick Plano who drives out there in the West Coast? Bush pardon the former mayor of Plano, Texas who played a guilty to bank fraud in 1996 to just department on. Yesterday David McColle, Jr. No relation to Joe Mark Jr. who is battling cancer served six months in prison for his role in fraudulent loans by the way. Plano's savings and law association which failed in mid-1980s. Officials in Plano are several of Dallas earlier this month renamed a downtown plasma McColle's honor for his services mayor from 56 to 60. Why do we care about this? I don't know. I don't know. Why is he suffering from cancer? You got to feel sorry for him, right? Sure. Well, he may have been a little bit of a scumbag. At least he was no, uh, what's his name, Tom Delay? Here's the bullet in the hour. Does anybody care about this singular wireless in today would buy AT&T wireless service from about 41 billion? It was other news. Did we care about it? Uh... Hey, I'm Z. I have AT&T. In a deal I would create the nation's biggest mobile phone company. I'd be like that. It's going to be so big. Another monopoly, baby. There you go. Pretty soon it's going to be just a few companies in a whole world. But third man. That's all we need. They're going to own every TV station, every radio station, every newspaper, every mobile phone, every cell phone, every permanent phone, every hard line, every soft line, every penis, every vagina. They're going to own everything. Here we pop up, toast to every fridgetaire. They're going to own it all. And if you don't like it, of course, if you try to call it, you're going to get to get to. What? An automated series of choices. Oh, that. I mean, I look at that. I mean, I look at that. 45,000 different choices. Yeah. Punch this, punch that, punch yourself silly. But don't expect to talk to a live human being, living in breathing any 10 to the next five weeks. Right. The telephonic maze. Right. Good luck. That's what you're going to get. Pretty sad. Let's take a look at it. Now, I'm not going to. You're going to have to dissuade me from doing the contest thing. Let me just take a quick peek. I take a peek at it. No, no, I don't want to see. I'm only going to do that once a day. And then, of course, the deadline on the hot couples contest is 1.55 p.m. This Friday, whichever three couples have the top votes, wouldn't the 1.2 and 3 prizes. Or look at that. There's Monica and Briancott. I better not say. Okay. The. Well, that's me. You know, as I'm scrolling down, you get tempted. You want to read this number at number. It's not good. 2400 even. You see the spirit of Christ compelled me to look at it right now because it's a nice even number. 2400 votes. And that impressive impressive. Huh? I'll give you a tea by the time we sit our asses down in our morning. If this time is going to be more than 3000. You think maybe 4000? Maybe. Wouldn't surprise me if we get a lot of those phony. I mean, a lot of those emotional hurts. No, no, no. When there's God, Peter's another person that I want to see. It's found last April. Yeah, good. Good for him. All right. So what's the deal? Are they actually going to show that movie with the on USA network or not? Because I see the defense attorneys are having an nervous breakdown. They're not not the defense attorneys. The, um, everybody. Everybody concerned. All the. And I think they're going to do it. Anyway, so. To that on USA network with the pop mark written a Superman being came. Yeah, who does that. They made a look exactly like. As he came to Steve Kane or came to enable. That's what we're going to find out when you watch that movie is came able to do that movie. And have it show on USA when it's going to screw up the whole trial. Can I know of a mistrial? No, believe it. I came. Any better put back his Superman outfit from the lowest in Steve or whatever's name. Over there. Nope. He had bads it's an event. Do you remember the TV series when he was Superman? Lowest. Dark. Whatever. That thing was. Yes. Zip pits. Oh, man. He had bads it's and she had big pits. Oh, speaking of big, uh, Cahons, Carrey Tops version of Ray latest CBS poll. Right. Just your voters now give a five point lead to any unnamed Democratic candidate by over George W Bush. 47 or 42. But here's the way it breaks down. If you let's you were held right now today. Carrey 48 Bush 43 Bush would defeat John Edwards 50 to 41 and Howard Dean 54 to 37. Hey Howard. Go away Howard. Okay. What is it going to take? I mean, uh, some of the guy have to sit him down and go nuts with him or what? Yeah. Yeah. And Oklahoma. And Arizona. And New Mexico. Who are they California and Texas in the yard. Who are going to South Dakota in Oregon and Washington and Michigan. And then we're going to Washington and you see to take back the way down. Yeah. I really think he woke up by morning and looking at his wife. Yeah. Now he's seen for years. He probably like slept facing the other way. The other direction facing the wall. And one morning he turned over in one night in the middle of the night in his sleep and actually woke up facing that bitch. And all that that's just put him up. It would never for you. Sure. It would do it. Holy Jesus. Take a look at that bitch. 56070560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Well, look at him phone flashing frantically. Must have hit a raw nerve. Or maybe they just get enough now or our favorites. WQA and hello. QAM. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I was wondering if it's less than if you happen to catch hardball with Chris Matthews. Tim Matthewson. No, I saw Chris Matthews. I didn't see it. Oh, it was incredible. It was not at least a Pittsburgh University flop again. I was watching hockey, is usual. Well, I caught the tail end of it. He had a bunch of people on one of them was the Bob Dornin. It's the congressional. Robert Dornin, a warning in right wing lunatic, a maniac who got beaten California. He's a big guy in Congress. He actually recounted and they found that he lost by even more when he got beaten. But let me talk about something great. They were, you know, the subject was Bush's military record. And he asked him, you know, about what he thought about Bob Bush was able to, you know, get over, you know, how to, how to, somebody people get an national garden avoid, you know, combat dude. Yeah. And then Bob Dornin, the chief of the head to buy presenting his military record. Well, let me ask you this question. Why do we care about Robert Dornin? He's, he's, he's old news. He's all, all, uh, rejected by everybody news. But it was just so, but the funny thing about it was just so calm, I'm a gold, that, you know, I mean, he's, he read a call him a right wing extremist. It will be an insult to all right wing extremist all around a country. So just to take to in call us in a morning. A little bit carried away that guy. 1113 at 560 WKN, you care about Robert Dornin? Hup. Neither do I. Nobody cares about him no more. I'd rather, uh, I care more about Bob Dull. Because I like his pineapple number one. Yeah. And he's got a big swollen penis too now. And as it turns out, as does the humor. Could, that's right. He's got a sense of humor. He doesn't take him till self-toist seriously. Because he looks down at that bum hand of things. I've got, I'm going to be the president who the hell was I kid. Always bum hand. Right. Hey, listen, we had Franklin Roosevelt in the wheelchair. You realized that nobody knew that he was in the wheelchair. No, I know. I know. It was. I know. These are the proper, not the use to stand there. And there was a great speaker after you are in everybody thought, Man, and of course, come to find out he was in the wheelchair at polio. And they had to march at times. And then of course, they wanted to put Regans picture on the dime. Remember that a few weeks ago? Yeah. And even anti-Rigans was, she said, just say, to those assholes, man. If they are started to march at times to raise money for polio research, that's what the whole thing would be with his picture on the dime is all about. And he's fascist, right wing lunatics. These assholes, these born again, lying sack of crap. Well, let's put Ronnie, Reagan on the dime. No, how about put him on like a $3 bill would be good? 14 after 11, it'll over and once I'm on the dime, Barney Fag on the other side. In a matter of who you're sleeping with, and how do you like the way that the anti-Rigans average people in San Francisco, they're all of their protests to get a life. Go find something else to worry about. Okay, something important to worry about. Christ. How else are going to change their life? Jesus Christ. America's leading brand when it comes to matrices is silly. The silly posture pedicline is world-famous for comfort and durability. If you really want rock bottom prices on the entire line of a brand new silly posture pedic every day, not just some 40 one-time sale, then pick up that instrument and call 1-800 mattress. That's the number for our good friends at dial-a-maters. They carry the complete line of silly, and now they're even easier to care for than ever before because silly's new line of posture pedics never have to be flipped or rotated, just like the beast. They just said that a poorly then you'll enjoy years of comfort, never flip or rotate that baby. These beds are constructed to provide an optimal comfort on the sleeping service in last three years. In fact, that's what the Clarences enjoy is best about the beast in a brass to flip them or rotate them or turn them over. Just call 1-800 mattress right now, talk with an expert bed and consult them, and you'll enjoy the service right number one for overall customer satisfaction in the entire universe. With low prices, same-data delivery free set up and move loads easier to see. Our dial-a-maters continue to be ranked the best anywhere in customer satisfaction. So, would you like great nights sleep tonight and for a long time to come, with a brand new silly posture pedic from dial-a-maters? What are you waiting for? Do what I've been doing for years? George is doing it. Booker Brian is doing it. Miguel is doing it. The fat boy is trying to do it. Call 1-800-MATT-RESRONLINE-ITES-MATERS.COM All Tamarack with you live on a cold a second to venture out the going next door. They all try and feel for half a mile away. Where you feel that Gucci smile is a stand-up house in line, oh while with no mirror they've heard. Leave man hatchin' the wrongs and queues. That's not as true, see the brilliant tune, take the car on a roll and it won't look bad. Down the jersey turned light to town, but right through the mall. And the sidewalks sail from your hand as you wrap your nails. Go your friends, you're going to blue me and they won't fit far behind. The street is a place where you can't see the right way. The street is a place where you can't see the right way. The street is a place where you can't see the right way. The street is a place where you can't see the right way. The street is a place where you can't see the right way. The street is a place where you can't see the right way. To the mall, you're gonna long on the sidewalks. Tell them you might not. I'm gonna do the same stuff as the street from my Villa Eastman either way at anything show. Now what happens when they see you up to the street, Almost exactly, with l. Like around, when the street goes down, then they get a getaway erasm, so when they come down, they will get ready. The reason I play the wheelchair ball and rape me thing? Yeah. With the James Facts we got, James of course, so with a good old North Carolina story, you ought to be able to relate to this? Yeah, if it's true. It says since you're talking about rape, what do you mean if it's true? You don't believe this? It's like the Sally Fitz thing, is it true? Is it not? That's funny either way. Get outta here. Is it true? Man. See the Reddex Lino don't use condoms when they rape dogs. Sally was really pissed when Coke co-cold a stop putting in the bottles and the machines that they're putting the cans in. They fit. Since you're talking about rape says James, I thought you liked a good old North Carolina story. I'm where works at a veterinary clinic in Charlotte. The other day there was a boxer brought in that had been raped. I wonder if it was Mike Tyson. It said it had a swollen ass and had a condom in its rectum. Let me ask you, what kind of redneck shipment is that? I'm proud to say I'm not from North Carolina originally. Thought you would like to hear about that. We love hearing about it. Thank you, James. I think it was probably just another boxer done it. Yeah. It's just like that dog committed suicide. There that everybody's blaming what's suggesting a shambian. Whatever the hell his name is, Williams. Everybody's blaming for boos shambian and it was the dog killed himself. It was a suicide. God dammit you killed no dog. There's one board I have for the president. I have many words for him. Do you know what it is? I give up. Puffetic. Oh, wow. In their latest disagreement to White House and the panel proving the 911 terrorist attacks are what odds over whether President Bush will meet with the entire panel are only a few members. Most of Bush agreed Friday to meet properly with the Federal Commission reviewing the 911 attacks. The Commission today requested a private meeting with the President to discuss information relevant to the Commission's work. The President has agreed to the request said White House press secretary Scott McClone who is a real nebish. The Commission members took that to mean Mr. Bush would meet with all of them, but is early a Saturday that White House said, ah, ah, not so fast. Only the ones he likes. While details of the private sessions are still to be determined the White House does not expect the President to meet with the entire Commission at a administration official title to Washington Post. A Commission spokesman told the Post that the request for a meeting with Mr. Bush came from the entire 911 panel, virtue of the Benvenistei Democrat on the panel told the newspaper, it would be important for all the members of the Commission to have an opportunity to participate in the interview such as this. There is a significant difference in being present seeing a witness in person and having a chance to vice-follow up questions and simply reading a transcript of a memo Benvistei told the Post. Mr. Bush previously had said he would perhaps submit the questions from the panel, but wouldn't say whether he would testify publicly. Former President Bill Clinton and former Vice President Elgore vindicated to willing Mr. Provide Private testimony about government missteps prior to the 2001 attacks, the White House on Friday so the President would not like the testify publicly. No, because it would be probably too embarrassing. God, pathetic. And 12.5% of the audience said they voted for Bush the first time they're going to do it again. Just to piss us off. Maybe those are the rich show of questions in the audience. Those good rich Christians, that's right, who are so much better than us anyway, but they're monitoring the show. Or maybe they like fart sounds because they certainly don't do with themselves. Well, they do. One thing about good Christians, man, they don't fart. They make no mistake about it. They never sit in their own pew. 423 votes, which of these applies to you? I voted for Gore in 2000. I'll vote for Kerry this time. 257. You go boys, girls. We don't have any women listening, sir. That's why we had no dikes on our, uh, a couple of contests. We had two gay guys, two gay couples. But no, uh, lesbians because we have no women listening. It's because they're busy listening FM. They're listening to the coast and to life. I voted for Bush in 2000. Well, again, 54 death, 12.5%. I didn't vote in 2000. But we'll in 2004. Look out. 42. I voted for Bush in 2000. I'll vote for Kerry 24. I'm too stupid of O24. Now, it's interesting. If you take the ones who said they voted for Bush in 2000 and vote for Kerry this time, that's five and a half percent. And yeah, that's a 12 and a half. What do you got? Uh, 18. Uh, see? That's, that's the percent. There you go. But already five and a half percent said, not again. Now, another five and a half percent, including Josh said, I'm too stupid of O24. All I care about is my penis. I voted for Nader, but this time, Kerry 19. I voted in 2000, but I won't this year's seven. Well, you know something probably just as well. Go to think. Yeah. On his babe Ruth. Scientists. What the hell is A-Rod got to do with Babe Ruth because he was traded for a lot of money? I mean, what is that? A-Rod couldn't lick Babe Ruth's ass. I voted for Nader, but this time Bush too, and I'm not old enough to vote one. 430. How do you like that? Just the bronze bombshell. They're making a big deal. They still got 170. Now there's Steinburner. I'm going to throw up, okay? And if you can't win that line up in that payroll, maybe we could just fix some of the games you're using. But you can make some pets with P-Ros on the side. All right. I'll get one of the big ones in the games. One of the best cookies. And the whole deal is, well, we're going to win by a million games anyway. And the rest of the league might as well for a fit. So I might even play the season somebody might get hurt, right? Right. So just to avoid injury, the rest of the American league will just lay out this year. And E-E-E-Kee's can win 160 two games. 162 and there you go. It's just a fricking joke. Oh, Jews can now send E-E-E-M-L message to God. We're going to get into that when we come back. I'll show you what he's got. Even a guy I want to send E-E-E-L's to God. And say, what the hell have you left us with here? Good God. 27 past 11 at 5. 60 WKOM. We're supposed to win the L-5. You a-M. And we're back. Because we don't have an audio vote. You didn't get him to go pee. Now, what would have happened if I'd have just got up and made a quick run to the T-Rom? How to play the keys, son? Jesus Christ. What do you mean we don't have an audio vote? It just crashed moments ago? Yes. So it just crashed. And? And the engineers, as Bob had moved in the building? Forget about Bob for a most okay Bob for a most couldn't fix a guy damn hang now. Not to fix it. He could break a hang. Why it was broke? He said he really, really nervous about his nails. When we were an MCD and that time he kept looking at his fingernails. Really? And the other way he looked at him, you know that thing about how guys look at their fingernails. That's right. Hey Josh, look at your fingernails. Yeah. Yeah, all right. He's gay. No, no, no. What I want Josh to do right now is hold up his hand. Yeah, no, he did it. I just asked him. Will you listen to me? Okay. Hold up his hand so George can see it. Okay. Remember to listen to him about the index finger? Oh, okay. Anybody worse, a QM believe me. Don't have no fingernails. All right. He held up his hand. Okay. Look at his index finger. All right. He's holding that up too. And look at the ring finger. Okay. Now is the index finger considerably shorter than the other one? No, they're about the same. See, he's straight. Right. And he also looked at his nails the straight way like claw shape. Well, there you go. Oh, my lord. Who is still inquarced in his Hispanic community? Oh, because they always Cuban. Yeah. Well, that's a reason for all that out to about you is because number one you're on the show with me and number two most importantly is that you're Cuban heavy burden. But nevertheless, and then we got Josh who finally got somebody straight as an arrow in there. Who just like I said, only cares about getting late as next piece of ass. And like I said, you won't be getting no more ass and Bush gets in again. Trust me. John Ascroff will take care of that. That's why they call him Ascroff. Right now he only cares about his next commercial break. But when we're going to do that now. Wait. Wait. What moment, please? See, this is so pathetic. Everything here's working. Just fine boys and girls. My equipment here at my Toronto studio works like magic. Everything works. See that? Rub it in. You can on the farce from this machine. You can actually smell them and they're so good. Yeah. But not there, not a QAM or they got just in fester, you know, Hank used to talk about the right infested, vulgar, infested place over there in Sheridan Street that crap hole. I'd have pleased you to know not only do we have it, but we have nuts that fly right in your eye. That, that, that more. But the net more show follows what he awelms. That King Cole. Yeah. Well, we're now kind of crap random. We got, we got guys that are willing to come in there for free to test the air quality to exterminate the barbeda. I'll do, I'll take. To phone he's like George to go and to a, a freed meal and suck up the Greg on the surprise Pripyat birthday like they really care about him. And does he care about the people in that building? No, no, that's the only reason I'm still alive. Is because I don't have to be there every day. I was there for two weeks. Sick is a dog for three weeks with a crap of the corporate crud. Hank has had it, Mo had it, the mad dog had it. You had it. That's what Greg told me. You had it. I know. Still had it. So what can I tell you? It's just really sad, but he worked for somebody just doesn't care about the hired help. But here's about some of the hired help, but that's, that's another story. For after our retire. When I write my book. When there's Colin Powell who said, stop the violence. Okay. That's a good idea, Colin. Stop kill all the innocent people and stop, you know, sacrificing all of the American soldiers. For this crap. And stop lying Colin. You, sack of crap. He's talking about Haiti. Do you know the Haitians are revolting? Yeah, they are. I do that. He says, President, Eris D. Was a fairly elected president of Haiti. Ride. That in 40 cents a buy about a half a cup of coffee at the Rascal. How's next time West Park comes to town? General. So we got to thought yet. Okay. Why just go the rest of the day, you know, just pass. Somebody actually said that? No, I'm just thrown this beer. Just found out he's in a building. It's down in a whole building. Nice going there, George Corso and Bob, for most of our guarantee of fiction had nothing to do with this. He's the only engineer we got in the whole place now that Julio got to screw and got to talk to the other. We got stuff. He's a good guy. Who? He doesn't want you to talk about him, but he's a guy. I have no idea who that is if I ever met him. I don't know. He's in a course tree Crawford, a good guy too, but he only works on the outside. He's going to building his monocache or anything. He only goes out when the guys go out and appearances and do remote stuff. I don't think we're ready to play them yet, but nevertheless. Well, what was what does that mean? You're not ready to play him. We're going to do it. We have a salmon in there. Smell him and sniff him a little bit. I'll take a presentation of it. I see. So let's make a drummer roll. If any spot comes up in a drummer. That's good. Turned back on? Turned back on what? Oh, I was asking for a hundred pop back on. No, he did not. Why do you do that to me? Every time we play the audio of all from the other room, why is it that I can't hear it? I just turned you off to stop the drummer all that's it. There was no more drummer roll. The drummer was over. Are you mean a second one? Yeah. Yes. What you don't understand is I can't hear the spot. See, I see him on the intercom. I can't hear anything. So it would be nice if I could hear it by the time the break ends. And he never puts it back on. See, I kind of can't hear you when you say that. So I'm like that. Well, how about now? Can you hear me now? You're like this guy. It's a little bit baby. But all you sweet kids. As well. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. It's a little bit baby. I got you on the way. Cheers. That's a little bit baby. Yeah. That's a little bit. Oh, there you go. That's what you're saying. That's what you're saying. That's what you're saying. There will be no dance in this dance. I'm already there. I'm like, you're on a rock. If they can't get dancing, they may understand. I think they'll say they do a dance to work. Unless you will, and to take their chance. I wouldn't try it. I think I'll pass. Don't dance. Don't dance. Don't do the best if they don't. Or I can see too. Or I can't you ask all things. Gonna bust you. Don't dance. Don't dance. Don't dance. We don't allow dancing here. You will see. That's a baby. It's not so nice. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. Red lentil. Also added. White lentil. Yes, that's good.. That's fine. Yeah, you can use it! That's the red lentil! That's awesome. We heard like that. Nie, there. Wanna try my best? We'll add you in the live show under this song. Made me really excited. We'll do it again! That's what you expect from us. With your studio, we'd love to get up. We'll do that! You go, okay? Of course. That's rose. Killing us Crazy World champion. That's tough. Really. There. You. Israel's Bezek telephone company started a new service yesterday, allowing Jews to send email messages to God. Tradition holds that God will grant prayers placed between the massive stones of the Western Wall in Jerusalem, in the past that meant the faithful handed travel in person to put their notes on a wall, but now all they have to do is log on and send it. And the phone company will deliver the messages to the wall. And pretty soon God can email a miracle right here home. Like if you have bad roads just open up your income. And God will like a zap magic or something. That's it. Right there's a little magic. He'll wave his wand. Do you get a like a hard copy certificate when you get a miracle? I don't know if it's hard or not. Certified the miracle. Bezek had already been accepting Facts's verbab, but decided to take a step further because more people have computers than Facts machines. The company company company currently takes the Facts notes puts them in special envelopes and takes them to the wall twice a week. Most of the notes come from New York in Europe, but the company says it's received notes in Japanese. Even when it came with a letter saying it's been smuggled out of Iran, which has no diplomatic ties with Israel. So some loot in Iran is wailing on it at the wailing wall. I'll tell you one thing, we better hope that God invented the whole universe and the earth and the manor. Only 5000 years ago because we're not making too much progress. No. Technically we're making big big progress, you know. I can sit on my ass here in Toronto. What is the temperature? About third man. And it sounds like I'm sitting right there on somebody's lap, right on the right in that room, choking and gagging. With nuts in your eyes. That's right. That's another reason I'm delighted that I'm not there. I'm ecstatic. And you know how you feed this punch. Remember we were talking about spots before years ago when you get those floaters? Yeah, I got one. I got a floater too. I got my first floater and you said, uh, I was going to die soon and everything. Well, you can't really differentiate between a net and a floater right away, you know. So you don't know to win some flinch. Why see some other words, you know, I really sure if it's something floating in air, you're going to fly. I would actually fly right into your eye. In fact, I don't even notice my floater anymore. My left eye is until you just mention it. Now I see it later. Because you might, oh geez, maybe it's a net. It's a category if I just poke myself in the eye. Would it real sharp object? I can kill it. 493 votes at our pool. Pretty impressive total. Something's going on here, you know. Something is now that we got the boobies on our website. I think we finally got the audience that we've been looking forward to get back for a long time. Yeah, it's a great help to chase away by putting us on nine to one by screwing up the whole format of the radio station. Then by titillating the audience there with for a while for a couple of months. And then firing his ass on ceremony, because he said crap too many times. 493 votes, which of the supplies do you, which of these, which of them? I voted for gore in 2000. I'll vote for carry 296 and even 60%. All right, they're going to vote. Don't forget two or three times to make sure. No more steal and forward of this time. God damn it. I voted for motion 2000 and will again 63.7%. I didn't vote in 2000, will in 2004, 52. See, but we should ask to their vote in four. Right. Well, the people in vote the first time, right? Yes. My dumb or what? I know. I'll spell the chapacquidic with three D's. I voted for motion 2000, I vote for carry 28. Got that? 5.6%. I'm too stupid of O24, 4.8% good. Please stay home. I voted for Nader, but this time carry 20. I voted in 2000, but I won't this year's 7. I voted for Nader, but this time bush too. And I'm not old enough to vote one funk who's playing hooky or hockey. 9.18. Well, what is it now? We're going to get... I want to make sure before I take the break. I don't want to let go. There's no being sure. Well, no, you have... Well, let's give it a shot. I'm going to vote for the party. I'm going to vote for the party. You way, yeah. You way, I'm Levertore. Highly skilled engineer. In White Left Coast, worked feverishly with their clipboards to bring you... The real one and so... Oh, the living stereo. Listen closely. As a sound, can travel as if my magic from speaker to speaker. Left speaker? Right speaker. Living stereo. How can you listen to your favorite WQAM programs? I love unsquadaris, Eva, of course. So, please ask to have a quality, most quads are receiver installed in your car. And any authorized, unspored, do not deal with it. It's on 4614, don't know. We got our technical situation straight away for now. Those are the operative words for now. Onami asked you this question, because I was just thinking about the people in the audience who can't... Who don't have PCs? Yeah. And who can't see the hot couples on our contest? Now, the internet cafe thing, which in any real city anywhere in the world to go now, it's like every other block when you go in the downtown areas, there's another internet cafe. Anybody go online for very, very modest sum, and you can do it around for a very long time, or short time as the case may be. What's the story in South Florida that like Barry? No, I'm serious. Is that a serious honest answer? That's a serious honest answer. You can go to your public library. And there are public PCs with internet access. Don't you remember the big flap? Because people were looking up, you know, birth control information or breast cancer information on the PCs in the library. And children were in the library. They were looking at breasts in the library? Yeah. So they wanted to shut that whole thing down, but the library is one. So as far as I know, they're still there. But I'm not talking about the library. I'm talking about internet cafes. Are you telling me that something that's so commonplace? I'm sure there are. But I'm aware. I want to be all over the place. I mean, it's not that let's open up about 10 of month tomorrow. Get out of this guy damn business. To him straight. Who the hell are we kin? Let's go. Into the internet cafe. Like every, every half of block there's a thing. If you get spots right now, let's go. Okay. See a folks call it cyber world or something crazy like that. Don't have to call him just internet cafe. Very boring. I think I do is like have a window where people can see. Oh, there's a bunch of computers in there. And you can see a lot of people are in the internet cafe. And you can see a bunch of people have a couple of coins in a machine. And you give them a little ticket out of there with a number on it. And you punch in that code. And whatever. And how are you? And the interesting part of it is I don't know how they work. Any of you play self for the Amsterdam. Probably the same everywhere. The rate you pay is depending on the time of the day. The peak usage time you pay a little bit more. And you get less time. And that's it. Well, so memberships. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50. If anybody wants to promote internet cafe on here, please do. Because we got, you know, people out there who feel like they're not part of that whole world. If you don't have a computer nowadays, you might as well be dead, right? Right. I don't want anybody to feel mad. But if you never computer, you're just, uh, as well. Better be honest. WQAM, hello. Yeah. I'm going to tell you what your favorite chronic happy. His place is all over. There's one in North Florida. They'll call John Net with his make and saw. See what advice George. What is George? No, you know. He's saying I have sheltered. I just asked what man is very gay neighborhood. There's a bunch of vittin that cafe's here. They're all over town. Well, I'll be damned. Have a good day, sir. Thank you. The gay cafe. See, I told you. I mean, I really like to be in the end of the thull of South Florida. It is. There have to be a lot of cafes everywhere. This is, this is where it's said. If you're wife or less, you out of the house once in a great while, you get into a lot of trouble. That's why she doesn't. No, because you go see that movie at or what? Which one? The one you're talking to, you want to go see? Oh, cold mountain? Cold mountain? No, I never did. Well, maybe somebody in the audience could tell you whether you ought to go see it or not. Because you know what great taste the audience has got. I'd appreciate it. Okay, George would appreciate it if anybody wants to tell him whether she goes see cold mountain or not. If it's a ice cold or maybe a lukewarm or maybe really hot, who's in it? Jude Long. Jude Long's great. Oh, it's a western. That's right. No, no, it's a war. He's riding a horse. It's civil war. That ain't out west. Let me see this to you. If you see a horse, you see a horse. If it's got a horse, it's a horse. Aren't they riding horses? Yeah. It's a western. Okay. Even if it was like in Atlanta, maybe maybe it was like in western Atlanta. The cold belt they're talking about is in North Carolina. So I think it's an eastern. No, maybe it was in western Carolina. You know, you're right. That's what's about that. We're going to far west. Game marriage opponents are set for court. They're their fominate them out there now. In fact, they were just showing little while ago. State legislatures like in New Hampshire, and everywhere. They're getting together real quick. We're passing all kinds of laws against game marriages. We don't want to happen here. And of course, there's this one question that comes to mind. Why? Yeah, what what does it mean? How's it going to change anybody's life? But when you march on city hall produced marriage licenses in a hundred, but Gainless being couples who took part may not even finish opening gifts before. Their noctials are null and void. Oh my God. Opponents of Mayor Gavin Newsom's decision to defy state law and have Merid's license is issued to Gainless being couples. Where to have their, they end court today. If they're having their game, they end court right now. With hearing scheduled on the petitions of two groups. By last night, what did we have read 40 same sex couples that taken their vows at city hall? Since the county clerk under Newsom's directions, started issuing gender neutral marriage licenses last Thursday. In fact, some of the people that he look at them, they are, I think, gender neutral. What do you say? Why do they always show it nothing but mincing fruits? It's just, oh, it just makes me feel so squeamish. You know, the new agencies do that to all ethnic or other groups. Oh, yeah, well, when we see a black person that's fat Albert, or it's woopy goldberg. When you see a gay person that's Charles Nelson, while he had fallen, you know? Some screaming flaming queen like James Dave Bollock, or Mad Drog. Hundreds of couples of where they're opportunity may be fleeting, sped a rainy Monday, the three block long line outside this or an a building waiting for the historic chance to with the city's blessing. But the opponents, of course, are marching. There, I have an nervous breakdown. St. Cess couples deny the right to Maryface Fargweiter harm than the petitioners here stayed illegal brieffile by the city on Monday. Most of the gay couples getting murdered city hall from the gay area, but out 50 from other states, including New York, Georgia, Minnesota, Pennsylvania, and South Carolina, it doesn't say nothing about Florida. How much it or some besides the the beast and parents went out there, huh? From Florida, gotta be. Okay, so about a beast, back home. I didn't hear him at all. Was he on this morning with Joe? Was he just laying out? He's? Yeah. No idea. Because at the end of the show, I heard with Zach. Right. So I guess I guess to deal is he can only have one fat huge road time guy on a show at a time. One guy that's screwed over by Moa at a time. That's a good way to limit it in that studio if you didn't see the sign. I see. Now what is this thing you just sent me? Controversial West Tigers, Winger John, whooped gate? This is an old story. This is old. We already had the sign about the guy that pushed his ass up the rugby player out of his fingers up his ass. We already had that long time ago. I'm probably not sure, but even a long time ago. Old nose. Okay. Let's take about 4,000 calls between now and two because I can send something to this big. Can you smell it? Something. WQM. Hello. Settoria. WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Come on, sir. Okay, I'm going to do it for you sir. Speak at any place. Tell me. You can't listen to me. You're getting a call. I'm going to tell you, they can't. They can't see what the hotel is. Oh, you're happy? Yeah. They can see your head is heavy duty. WQM. Hello. Yes, sir. Come on, sir. What can I do for you, sir? Speak at any place. Oh, we're not bad. And then, uh, don't forget to subscribe and subscribe. Well, probably as some of those people have already met their maker and I'll say. Oh, God forbid. They're probably at Monticello meeting Marvin Maker right now. Okay, thanks, pali and John Gilmore. How many Gilmores does it take to be in the same race before he had doubts about the honesty and integrity of the race? 560560, howm560 on a AT&T, and Verizon wireless line. How do you do to QM? Hello. Yeah, hi. Wonder how Sandy Fisher is doing? Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. Yes. What are you doing, Woody? How are you doing, Woody? I'm a puffer-out boy. I was calling about George going to Co. Mountain. Yeah. I thought of movie and it's worth it for Renee Sogwaga. She's an excellent, but the rest of the movie sucks. Oh, thank you. There you go, Dad. No, Renee's great. She's worth the price of admission. She's great. But great girl. Look at Dr. Allison, that was a call. That was an award I'm saying now. Go ahead, Woody. I'm listening. Anyway, but, uh, and by the way, what a quick, we're in a white bowling socks. Okay, people are starting to talk. You've been in Florida long enough. You can ditch that buffalo crap, please. All right. Can I keep the bowling shirt though? Hey, what's with the savers? I don't want to get hockey intensive. What's their 8 out 6 and 7 is 21 goals and 3 games. That's about a month worth for them, usually. Usually, you have a great Satan score, uh, 4. What the hell is that all, Wabooot? Ah, it's wonderful. It's just totally wonderful. Wabooot, but wait, wait, no, you're for this to start clapping. Well, don't get too carried away. Who'd they beat on Saturday? We got a back connection, Woody. See you around, eh? Hey, take care. And George, go to the command for a day. Okay, he's not going. You're not going, aren't you? No. He said it will be sucks. I mean, although he was a great actor, he's good. He's on a horse, so it might be a western. Well, look, if you only saw like a little queue of it, and you see a guy on a horse, would you think it's a western? How do I know it's a civil war movie time? And let me say it again. Civil war was a bad thing. That's just because all the people died. And it was all that hate involved. Although we did wind up with the emancipation proclamation, so it wasn't totally good. But nevertheless, uh, I mean, the idea why I'm thinking we ought to have the country split into like four sevens. Okay. Now listen to me. We ought to have a place for like living and breathing people, which I'm thinking would be like the northeast, right? All right. Starting like, No, you're right. It's got to be because, but it's cold. Forget about the weather, okay? There's only, there's no such thing as a nasty day. It's only a, can we? Hundred Northwest. And maybe the Northwest can be something that's going to be a south and the south way. And divided into four sections, that we're just not going to all go like how to Utah and Arizona all there. Right? Right? Maybe we'll have to draw the line of California. Maybe they'll have to be a separate thing. But you know what I'm talking about? Because, oh, no. I hate to break the news to you. We're just not South there. The rest of us aren't interested in living according to your dictates. Okay? The rest of you aren't, uh, the whole rest of the country is not interested in your dictates. Okay? Alright, and you know, here's what you find here. See you in July. Well, it needed 12 to 1 hour on WQF. Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Oh, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. Oh, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go And the next first lady should think twice before this lady, for a moment comes a court CD. And so may I help her? Oh, I will die! It's true! Oh, for now! C-C-C! For now, for now! C-C-C! For now, for now, for now! C-C-C! For now, for now, for now! Come on, one at five, 60, W-K-R, you have a problem with the computer or not, with our page? Nope. There it is, it just came back up again. It's really slow! Huh? I'm sure it's getting crowded in there. Why is that? We got hot couples, we got hot couples, they're going to of course we got Janet, Halle Berry's Janet Boobies, we got Halle Berry's, and you've been a kid, now what do we put on there for tomorrow? I think we've been doing our chain-fond up earlier. You've got a chain-fond of one? Yeah, big boobies. All right, big, topless. Even though these people thought, you know, she was in the comic, pink, all that other stuff. They still wanted to hop on her. We'll tweak her boobs. Okay. Yeah, give her a little tweak, pencil. In fact, what you eat, time to give her a little tweak, Gellie makes another squeak. 560, 560, pound, 560, so we're going to have that for tomorrow. Jane, find his boobies? Yes, sure, why not. Now, is John Kerry going to be sitting next to her? He's going to be sitting between him. Oh, that would be great. We can have John Kerry's boobies right between his head, right between Jane, find his boobies. Take a word like I had, like your must. Right. You can have like another award-rob-rob malfunction. I say 70560, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WCWM, hello. Jane, let me tell you something. They have a cyber cafe in sunny miles. Okay. Yeah. Now, let me tell you another thing. The reason they don't have a Maya. I'm just imitating the guy that called before and said, let me tell you something. Now you're doing the same thing, say. See how it's catching. Let's see that again. Oh, they have one is something else. Yeah. You still there. The reason they don't have it in Miami is because there's a lot of smashing all the brothers in the Reekers of Smash and take all the computers. Yeah, that's a good point. You know, so that's why you don't seem too much gotten Miami up in Brown. I bet you there will be a few in sunrise because the people there are two people who do any smashing grand. Yeah. Can you answer me? What do you think? They don't. It's not for Cisco. When the, it's crazy. I thought, yes, they're on the news with me and my family. And I was so happy. You know, they, people look like they love it, but they were but ugly, though, man. They were but ugly and I've already told you. Let's get to a hot looking people on OK, Palo. Good luck. Good luck. You might have come. 560560 on the AT&T. They were. They were extremely. I see I always told that. Hey, the temper. Just got can't stand that city. I mean, if you're going to go to a place where there's a lot of Fags, I mean, go to Toronto. We're going to Colona. Go to Amsterdam. Don't go to San Francisco. They're all clones out there. You know what I mean by that? Yeah, it's not in the clothes. They don't have to look like a little mustache. It's like an outfit that you, you have to look a certain way. Joe is out. Miami says, please rip the crap out of the management of NBC 6 for giving Pearl Bob we were the shaft there for 56 years. Did I do that? Didn't we do this big time? I mean, I'll be glad to do it again. 56 years and channel 6 screws over Bob Weaver. It says, typical console-nassel management touched the screw great guy like Bob Weaver, which you're right, Joe. So much for doing your job in helping the community. I love Bob, my own Pam Jagan in a morning and Joe rose, but the rest of those bastards can go to hell. They can drop data channel 6. In fact, I'm going to make sure that I program channel 6 off my TV in my house in South Florida. That's how pissed off I'm about screw over my good buddy Bob Weaver. And again, they wouldn't even let him say goodbye on the ear. You people at channel 6 are a bunch of grave robbers we hate you like poison. We wish that most of you would die. Who should I leave out? You said your rose of course we need him bed. Who else? Anybody hot on that? No, no, no, but about Kelly Craig. She's that we love Kelly. She's a sweetheart. All 400 pounds. Where we love Kelly. Who's an ounce Kelly, please? Uh, so then what we went through this last week, we had the same amount. A couple of people that we like in channel 6, not too many. Rick says there's an internet cafe on South Beach. See you're getting a learning experience here, Mr. Right? Also you can go to any kinkos that have computers hooked up to the internet you can rent. If you have a computer or any borders has wireless internet access, if you have the right adapter. Yes, it is. Oh thanks, Rick. There is a lot of cover all the bases there. If you have this, if you have that, a lot of hotspots. I know about those. I'm very important. The hotspots where if you have wireless laptop or something, you can go there and access the internet. But I'm talking about people that just don't have anything computer at all. Right? They got just a little change to jingle in their pocket. But they want to get online. I want to see some boobies. They want to go vote on our poll. They want to go see some hot adult sites on there. Whatever they're looking for. They want to send some emails and looking for a job. Maybe a hand job, some kind of a job. Whatever they're looking for. They want to go online. Go to the internet cafe. Maybe just put a little change in that machine. I'm sure they all work the same, right? Yeah. You know, it's good to do the point where if you can afford a disposable camera, you're going to afford a computer. I understand that. But there are people out there who have other priorities. Maybe paying the rent. Maybe buy a little bit of food. Maybe buy a little bit of his book. And there are people out there who have prophets with him, right? He has a lot of things. That's the thing. Huh? They got to get their priorities in order. Well, you know what I haven't played in a long time? I always say it. That's what he says about these things. Part of these things. Part of these things. Part of these things. Part of these things. That's probably a thing. Part of these things. Yeah. Well, I don't play that. I don't know. I don't. Well, that's always crossed my mind. Well, let's get about 4,000 calls in today. 5605050505060 on the AT&T. What's the problem with Howard Dean? That's our pull question not on the internet said, but on our on the phone. What is Howard Dean's problem? Don't you think that most America wants to say, BYE BYE BYE! So Howard Dean? Yeah. Anybody named Howard? Absolutely. WCQAN. When I was loaded I was Medicaid. Okay, we know, you know what? That is him. That is him. And he's going to jail. I told you that. I don't know. I saved all his luck. It's crazy wrong. The police reports have gone down. So you didn't go any last week when we were getting a few other, not cases that they were on the last week. I told you it was crazy wrong. And remember crazy that was him. We're getting your number again, Ron. And you're going out. Oh, I'm going again. Oh my god. Just what we needed was that the third burger. Right in the house, the cops get yourself some help, Ron. Get yourself some new medication, baby. Because the current one ain't doing a job. Now what's wrong with right there on the steps? Oh, please don't tell me those are the challenges. It had about 50 tickets that you could go down this way. You can see the line still goes down around the block. Oh, it was the people waiting to get married. And man, it was a very hot one guys. Huh? God bless him. Yeah, it was a hot the that guy. He looks almost human right there with a little clone beard. I mean, no, seriously, there was a look at those two dikes. I mean, you know, and even this reporter looks like he might float a little bit. They all look like, well, so cares. Look, there's a one, a gook. I mean, Chinese kid. Chinese kid's going to hop on that good looking capital kid with a took on. He's got his took. Maybe from Canada. Now he's from Canada. Probably would have come here and done it. Totally able to be legally married. We've been wedded for 10 years. We've been wed for 10 years. Here's and the weight will continue. We'll be together. The rest of our lives. And this is just another day for. Yeah, what's it to you all? You idiots out there. All you religious. That's what the Bible says. Yeah, the Bible says that people ought to be slaves to, OK, do this to your slaves. Now that's your slaves and women belong in a kitchen barefoot and pregnant. So your mama. All these idiots who religious crazy people leave everybody else alone. Stop it of a lonely clean up your own act, especially you can't look out there with all your fricking chavolists and priest and I'm worried about altering boys. Shame on you. Point in a finger. WCWA. And hello. And that's another one of the deals. Well, you know, it's the church had the religious organizations have a right the church of the synagogue. Well, fine and screw them. This has nothing new with the church orders thing. You're going to be by religion. It's a simple thing. It's a piece of paper. That's all. WQM. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. First of my life. Just start off with saying, I hate George like poison. OK. I like to make a proposal with you, Michael. Please for myself. OK. 560560 sounds like I'm not made in heaven. Then it's time to do. Sure. Yeah. What does it like? I wonder to me. He's in the house. OK. Well, just calm down now, Duzzi. 560560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Don't forget to vote for our hot couples contest. I'm not going to look at it again for why don't look at it. We like 2,500 votes. I'm like that. Let you look horned in. I guarantee by the 10 we sit down here tomorrow. Something will happen. WQM. Not there. QM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Is it new? Sounds like me. Hey, Neil. First time calling long time listening. All right. Hey, I wanted to put also somebody. I just saw a movie this weekend that might interest you. That's pretty good. I don't think it ever made it to the theater. It's called Wonderland. Never heard it. With Val Kilmer playing John Holmes. Really? Yeah. It's about the murders that happened on Wonderland Avenue. And if you say, is Val Kilmer up to the job or does he have to have a stunt penis like, uh, or he will work? They never got to that. They never got to that. Thank you guys. Yeah, but it's a very excellent movie. I got it from Hollywood video. I switched over from a lack of a lesser video. Excellent. Good thinking. For all of that card. Okay. Tell us well. Catch the movie. It's real good. And he's good work. I'll go try to find it. And the movie too. Thanks, pal. Wonderland with Val Kilmer. He's pretty good actor. Yes. You don't like Val Kilmer? I like Val Kilmer a lot. He played in the doors. Right? He didn't look like you're more so to me, but nevertheless, he was also in a million things. Batman? Yeah. What else? Oh, he's in a lot of movies. No, pretty good. Willow? I mean, but the question obviously is like I said, is he up to the job? But John Holmes really good. John Holmes had to be one of the most grotesque human and I used the word human loosely. Man, he was nasty. In fact, in fact, when you think back to the early days of porno, and you think to the Harry Reams and Roger the Ron Jeremy and the John Holmes and, uh, oh my god. And who I'm trying to think of some of the other names? There was, uh, oh, she, Jamie Gillis. Okay. Wow. Woo. We're hand again because most of the people are watching that stuff. We're guys and then they didn't give a crap about what the guys look. Like they only cared about the hot chicks. Like, Andy Woods. I don't care what anybody says. Okay. I know it's old and dates me and all that stuff. Andy Woods was flawless, man. Okay. I forgot what she looked like. Wow. You better, you better go out and get Debbie does Del Ray immediately. Not sooner. Okay. I think they haven't been kidding me. They made a video about Janet Jackson's boo-be. Oh my god. The whole thing with football or selling the cheerleaders, this selling sex. They're selling boo's man. Maybe other spot is another boo's. They're worried about horses farting. Okay. Janet Jackson's boo-be parting. Come on. Good thing they're not selling violence. Oh, thank god for that. Wouldn't that be bad if they were out there banging a crap out of each other and guys are getting carried off the field and the stretches with concussions and broken necks and all of these things. Oh, see, I didn't get it. Well, that's too difficult to do. All of these things. Because of that every time, it takes to the cries about a little work. You have to lift it up a little bit. Probably it's the past known at five, 60. And it's like Todd Dreck. He don't want to do too much work. In fact, he don't want to do any work. And believe you, me. There's a god that's really living up to his desires. He doesn't nothing. You can't complain about the job. Todd does because he isn't doing nothing. Including for his clients. I think one of these days, I'm going to call our friends at Fastrain and tell him, why don't you guys get a really interesting, get a real like AE because he's just a piece of turd man. He's just the worst. He makes my skin quiver. Todd Dreck. In fact, you know, the god it was examining the feces of the species? Yeah. He ought to check out Todd Dreck. They'll find out what it really looks like in spells like. Anyway, if your job really sucks, if you're not making a paycheck that's worth anything, here's the answer. Pick up the phone and call Fastrain and get you a brand new computer career and start having a big fat one in a paycheck too. In just four short months, Fastrain can up you get a new high paying computer career and don't forget the demand for computer professionals continues growing like Topsy, like crazy. Who the hell was Topsy? Oh. Remember Topsy part two? Pick up the phone call Fastrain toll free at 1-8-6-6 Fastrain with seven locations. There's bound to be a Fastrain campus nearby. You in fact, their campus is probably bigger than you in. Fastrain offers job placement financial assistance for people to qualify. With day night, we can classes. There's no excuse. No more would a state of crappy dead and job. Working for peanuts for some schmuck, who don't care about you. Like I said, in just four short months, you can really change your life and have a career, some skills and a paycheck that goes with having it. Check them out on the web at Fastrain.com and then make that call 1-10 for all. 1-8-6-6 Fastrain. No, I'm not. And look, this is 4-3-5-6-6. Wait a minute. Please. It's down here. And just as that happened, my computer froze up too. I think we're in suspended animation. I like if people nervous. Oh my God. Huh? I thought another Jesus son. LILL. So there's the gockle for fuck's up? And the Workers are so tired. They are very heart so they earn at four ms. All right, they find the dead matter to be am Not happy man. Sri Shin tiger race is made free. Weed little hope from he got his kick. There are so many one could have this. Jesus Christ. I'll give all of the days to get out of the same. You've heard. So let me ask you this question now. This is a Melvin. The answer is in the theaters, right? I don't know. So they're going to see him cold mountain or cold ash. So what are we going to go see? How about going see in passion? No, I order. How about somebody in the audience to see it? And the movie too. And call me and tell us about how the Jews killed Jesus and stuff like that. Didn't you? How punch is put out as pilot? Yeah. In fact, punch is used to have a punch pilot. He was, I think, had the first one. Five, six, seven, eight. Wait, I did the live spot. Yeah. Well, that's all I care about. Did I do my part on my end? I did my end. That's all I can do. You did the work. I'm talking about on that. And I'm talking about a met studio in that place. In that place. All I can tell you boys and girls, those of you who are expecting like a real radio show on a real radio station. I hate this place. Nothing works here. The medications don't work. Exactly. Same old-tired crap. Well, can't you guys ever get that plate now? No, we can't. Because it's bogus, it's airzots. An addition of which, what does equipment got to do with sports? There's nothing new with it. Right? No. Don't forget, by the way, the big O is going to be at the NFL and the company that I'd set up at the end. The big O. They do know about sports equipment. I thought the company was like a tractor. Isn't it like a piece of farmer equipment? It's a combined piece of farming equipment that does the radio things. Right. But when you pull it behind the tractor, that's right. So what they're going to do is they're going to chop up the big O. And the company that I and scatter pieces of all over the guy probably take up two states. They're going to chop up their land. Isn't that thing to go around? Just like James Wood at the end of a month upon a time in America. Remember that in the garbage truck? Yeah. Is it just fine everywhere? Wow. I can just see, speaking of feces of the species. You haven't problem. My computer is not all kinds of stuff here going strange. Maybe we're under some kind of a computer. And I agree with you. There's internet cafes in every corner open 24 hours a day. Sure. We have them here. For one, two, creating. But they were nice. As can be. I enjoyed it. I was only there three days. And I'm dying to go back and I went. The middle of January. Why did you check out the underground city there? Did you go underground? Yeah. That it brings you up in the DK and why building. Will subway leads you to it? It's just unbelievable. Man, there's a whole city underground in Montreal. Thank God because the weather just blows. I mean, it's just freezing there. Yeah, but there's people all over the place. That's another thing. It gets down here to 60 of people bring out their fur coats. Wow. The people are. There are under 70. They start getting panicky. Yeah. I mean, I, I, and I got the small public. You guys are, I wanted to. Right. And another thing, we turned on the TV and they had George Carlinon uncensored. My wife looked at me. Sure. What's going on? And I go welcome to civilisation. Right, man. Yeah, no, but you were right. You got to go up the canter, if you want to get out of the canter. I'll see you on your alley. No, all right. See you. Okay. Yeah. What? Okay. Why? Why? We got the spots. Yeah. And I don't play in no drum roll. I can't play anything just right now. Right here. Right. Right. Why? Why, who are they? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Because he's low to 3 and it's little space. And one is, nothing<|la|>. Three, three, three, your place will have snow in our road and Of all rules, Because you're one thing. I got to the fool. And little space. I never have to strain it, come out of holes, and look to little lights that stood zero. I sway through the levels, it's way to the light, watching you change and I'll tell you why. I don't be all you burning calories, but you never ever get a big red ring. That's why, big red guys, we're in a huge, and so excited, you can have enough fun. And they can keep the bomb open up or two. Hey, look at me, Alice, I'm doing a lamb. Oh, come on, no, it's a real one. Come on, no, it's a real one. Get off me, you can't. Get off me, you can't. Get off me, you can't. Come on, you gotta beat your three balls pod before it's too late. 23 past noon at five, 60, WQAM. 642 votes on the pool, is this amazing? It's not even 1230 yet, it's amazing. Which of these applies to you? I voted for Gore in 2000, I'm going to vote for Kiri, at least once, 1593 votes, 61.2%. I voted for Bush in 2000, I will again 78, only 12.1%, George. Good. Is that the Parade's wife there that blonde? Already. Yes, powerful. It is? Yeah. How do you like that? So this room is about him and Derek Geter may only be partially true. Um, let's see, I didn't vote in 2000, but will in 2003, I'm too stupid of 037. I voted for Bush in 2000, I'll vote for Kiri 36, 5.6%, voted for Bush last time, voting for Kiri this time. A rod says, it's going to be here. Uh, I voted for native at this time, Kiri 21. I voted in 2000, but not this year. Oh, look at that, bunch of style poses. B.I. I voted for native at this time, Bush 4, and I'm not old enough to vote 1, 1 punk, who's a layin' out. So that's what we got so far. And of course, you know, the Wisconsin voting is going on right now. I've told you to think that, because Kiri's 20 points ahead in the polls, he's got a kick ass. It's unlikely that the things even go to come in second. Edwards has got to come in second. I've told you to think just if he has any, I mean, even the tiniest amount of class in his ass, don't you think it's time for, uh, how we're just saying goodbye? It's time. How we're just saying goodbye? What about Howard Dean? To Howard at his kin. W.D.Q.M. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. I'm calling for the new to a show. Speaking, man. Your roger? Yes. Oh, I'm listening on the radio. Don't listen on the radio, you're very confused. Okay. Okay. I'm not even a wild tone on the phone. One of this few girls that listen to you, you said that you don't have women. I have no ladies. Well, you do. I have a couple of friends that listen to you, sure, if I go to the mine, I told me about it. How you like that? I want to vote for the first one. We've voted for Gore and I'm voting for Kiri. Only this time twice. Exactly. To be sure, right? I'm sure. You know, as you pause there, but don't, don't monkey around. You've got to vote twice. Just to make sure. I know. We do have to resist to take the dead to go and vote. That is correct. They do another place. And also to George Waysell, the movie comes out on video. Okay. I think it was all that great. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. Congratulations, Scott. Thank you. I'll trust her. Yeah. Just the way. Tell me what the neighbor is so desperate. You know, he's looking there. Who was that? He was all excited about the movie. He's all wet. He's all wet. He's all wet. You're locked for me. Well, Josh seems to have a hot bright dinner. He knows who that is. He knows who it is. She's famous. Never heard of her. The girl and Jerry Maguire. Never saw Jerry Maguire. Does Jerry Maguire seem like the kind of movie that I would watch? Yeah. Sports movie. Oh, good. God. It's enough to make me gag. That's right. The sports movie Josh has to see. That's his homework. He's had him pass it on at 5. I'm sure that the other Josh probably takes a take some maybe sits on his lap during the movie. And Rush diabetic is a toy delicious beer replacement trick that happens to be made for people that he would die of beats, but anybody who is tired of all that sugar man can trick it and enjoy it. And Rush diabetic is sweetened with splinter which is made from sugar, but a chewy sugar man and no other calorie crap. So there's no aftertaste to like he with ass fatamence sac on either. Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a big fat ass curry. And Rush diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides you with all the essential vitamins of minerals you need for healthy life plus. Fiber and the oxygen in the head is low insaturated fat and low and cholesterol too. And to Rush diabetic is also gluten free lactose free. It's an 8 ounce can with 237 calories to easily digest. Great nutrition. Try and Rush diabetic once you'll never go back to whatever you were drinking before. Pick it up. It's all over town now because more and more people are not canal the door for it. Pick it up at Sedano's Navarro's Echards. Public's Walgreens CBS of the local pharmacies or if you'd like to try it for free you can do that by making one easy collar going online. If you'd like a free two pack one vanilla one chocolate just call 1 866 3 6 8 37 39 be sure and tell that Neil sent you for the delicious one. Get an additional special gift just for having the cahons to mention my name or online if you like the order. And Rush diabetic dot com for concrete samples. Here's that toll free number again for your free two pack. 1 8 6 6 3 6 8 37 39 My life and low. This is 4 30 5 60 2 2 a.m. We're banging the butt honey. Okay. I was the press. We're feeling lonely. Or tell us how we know it is true. If you show that power of Chinese, I had the quote as far as I like the creature. I'll get to the movies if you have sex with me. I hate that guy so we don't even go in again. 4 3 8 girls are braided one. 3 coloring drum musk you sore heavy jokes. There you go. You're a stranger in the liar. Then you're gonna spend some time in between your legs. Oh my god. You want to get your head in your eyes. Just say you talk to Jesus in the face. I've got to see you. You're gonna get me. 3 9 3 7 8 8 8 8 Yeah! You're just letting me walk into my eye. Yeah, you have to fly over theatism you can only confess. We can just put it up 33 27.15 60 WQM Mad Dog at 2 the Hufflewood 4 in the studio in the last 7 to 10 and we got a big extra of a Gansi man, a big at the NFL combine. It he can't tend to a Marko overnight. I don't even like saying that the NFL combine. I hope you are unclean, say a pro. Come by. Come by. Come by, Nissen, come by, Nett, what you got? What's your crap? Well, speaking of that, I guess not so good to have a story. Gene injections in rats can double muscle strength and speed researchers have found raising concerns that the virtually undetectable technology could be used to illegally build super athletes. A university of, I mean, make those steroids pass A. The university of Pennsylvania researchers seeking ways to treat illness at studies in rats show muscle mass, strength and endurance can be increased by injections of a gene manipulated virus that goes to muscle tissue and causes a rapid growth of cells. The things we're developing with diseases in mind could one day be used for genetic enhancement of athletic performance, Lee Swingy said yesterday at the National Meeting of the Merciful Association for the Advancement of Science, which of course means witchcraft and the devil. Sports officials said the gene therapy has the potential to be trained the very essence of sports athletes using their natural talents and training to compete. Tom Murray of the Hastings Center said it would be like allowing an athlete to compete in the Boston Marathon wearing roller blades. Well, what's wrong with that? Be kind of fashionable? Sure. Performance enhancing drugs have been concerned in sports and gene therapy has the potential to, if Emerle will pardon us, kick it up a notch. Said Murray. Well, I hate Emerle, and I like poise that can't stand him. Do you like Emerle? Are you kidding me? He has a restaurant there that I understand really sucks to his matterfak. What's the restaurant he's got in South Florida? I don't know. I will tell you what sucks. No, no sir, I hear it really sucks. Anyway Murray says it makes the challenges greater controlling performance enhancing measures. He has no doubt athletes will be in touch with Swingy when they learn of his research. Swingy said I'll read it that half the emails he receives are from athletes or sports trainers. How do you like that? Gene therapy looms isn't even more serious threat than drugs for performance enhancement in the US-60s, 80s, 90s, etc. I like that. So for about Jose Consocco, forget about Barry Bonds, forget about little pansy steroids. We're going to talk about like, uh, Bill Byspie, right? The incredible bulk genetic manipulation. Right. Well, speaking of Moron, are you better off today than you were four years ago? No. No. I don't know. Six to seven of, oh, I'm speaking of that. You know what I'm certain to think of now. This is bad. During the break I went and took a leak, which has nothing to do with this, but I just thought I would say that. Just to piss off Michael Powell. I took a leak, Mr. Powell. Is that okay? No. No. Anyway, I was thinking of myself. It's already the middle of February. It's even past the middle, because it's a short month. Right. And I'm starting to think about like, uh, July and August. Like what? It's a vacation. I'm talking to Martin, forget about vacation. You know, I have vacation like every couple of days. I'm talking about July and August when it's the old two days. Some people think about two and all. I think about two and a days, two or weeks. See. And of course, we know that you're going to be making a big, big bucks during those summer months in July and August. And we're going to be counting on you on your broad shoulders like last summer to lift those numbers back up again. So it's going to be you and Josh, so Josh better go into training. You better set aside some of that perversion and sportscrap for a little while and go into training. So the two of you can like, you know, Josh, just fine. Okay. Fiseg. I mean, no beaner boy. Thank God. All right. I doubt that you'll find him face down on a floor anytime soon in that studio. We'll see. I must of course, he keeps breathing that good right here. 560, 50, pound, 560 or less for outcomes back on the AT&T and Verizon line. Not too much action on the phone area. I was hoping we take like 15,000 calls between now and two because that's our meeting potato man. That's the bread and butter of the new Rogers show. Isn't it? No. That's what they tell me. Only call on screen was QAM. Jambot? And I knew I knew it was him. How then there was line six? I knew it. Psychic vibrations. See, I'm talking about two weeks he's doing three days. Too many. That's it on the phone. So I guess I'm gonna go back to all my stuff here. 560, 50560, one last chance, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. We're gonna make a thousand votes on a polygon today. You know that? Good. In during the show. It's 77. Well, like I said, maybe not. I don't know. Maybe get a little bit curried away. We need to get to 800 by 1 o'clock to have a shot. We got a shot, baby. The break all records during the show. And that's again because of Halle's berries. Jambot is boobies tomorrow. And like I said, once in a while, just by accident, maybe 70's people as they're scanning and scouring. And then they go down and see how our D would as a hand over Janet's flap. And they'll say, oh, there's a story. There's a headline and somebody will read it to him. W to Q a m hello. Q a m hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? OK, sir. Listen, you're wondering about how we're dealing. Let me ask you this. Yeah. You had a wife that looked like his. Wouldn't you want any excuse to stay on the road? Yeah. And when people kept asking you in the beginning, how come he's got his wife hidden in the broom closet? We don't see her. I mean, now everybody knows. Right. That's right. And one other thing on a Dips project. Yes. Whatever happened to Jessica Lynch, don't hear about her no more. She's busy with a mini series in the movie. Right. Ever since she said she didn't want the government using her all of a sudden, they dropped her like a hot potato. Exactly. Take it easy. Good like to us, Palisamb. 560, 560, maybe they're getting a Lynch mob. Palm 560 on the AT&T. So I was starting to say before, which I think is a really great idea. Defiding the country up into and we did that. That's what he needed. Yeah. In fact, we even come up with different names of the parts of the country. Results. Take, yeah. The real zone, the twilight zone, which I think you're already in. Perfect. I want to be a Evil Zone. Yeah. And the God squad zone would be good. I think the North Korean region for all of us, Hornie Buggers, we're talking about the ozone. The zone. Right. Maybe you want to Vancouver, right? Maybe we can include that in there. That's right. I don't have no desire to go to Vancouver. It's very scenic. It's very pretty. It's a kind of place. It's nice to look at on a picture postcard. Oh, that's beautiful. Okay. Go do a Spireyport. No. I'll go back to Montreal. I'll tell the guy said, I'll go. I'll go underground. Maybe the good looking people are hiding underground. Just take the crane, right across. It's WDQM, hello. WDQM, hello. There you go. Speak to me, sir. Yes. Yes. Me? Yes. Me? How you doing, buddy? Okay, pal. Hey, listen. You know, I've been watching the CNN news now with a new gate thing. It's actually people, uh, the gays thing. Yeah, you know, the gate is a good area up there. Yeah. It really grows near how when I'm a liberal guy. Yeah. And I'm a liberal Cuban guy. I'm, I am. I have nothing against gay people who, you know, think that on TV. I don't think it's appropriate. Well, turn on a comedy channel. Okay. Yeah. It's not appropriate to see them fags get married on TV. That's best. Firstly, it wants kissing on lips. And I would tend to agree with them those clones. I did nice say that to you this morning before the show. Yes. I don't want to see a bunch of silly ass clones. I'm not going to represent me. I mean, that's what they are. Okay. Fine. Although they could do a little work out of mustache and a haircut. But, uh, oh, man, what he opened mouth kissing in the tongues and the squeeze into the crotch is toe and towel a little bit. Okay. Don't go overboard. Don't get too carried away. But it is. Thank for this. Go. All right. So they're used to it. 19 to one. How many straight people are there in San Francisco? God. Good man. If you're Carpet's look about 30 years old. Here's the answer for it. Don't go on. And he wouldn't even think about going anybody else if you got a brain because they are simply to best in the business at bringing the deadest most hopeless looking carpets back to life. When they get done directly into your carpets, which is exactly what they do. Your carpets look brand new. They smell lemony fresh. They're drying a couple of hours. And it's just like you had brand new lead right there on your floor. They're vibrant and color soft of the touch. They last longer and stay clean longer as well. So don't go, uh, open up the L.O. pages and plan rush them with your expensive company. Trust it to our good friends. It's a dry concept. They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start to job. No scams. No repost. No games. In fact, you can save even more when you call dry concepts. Tell them to put you understand by list, which can save you an extra 15% on your next carpet cleaning. Call them today. I've been using in my homestro for 20 years. They'll never let you down. Call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or log under their website at dryconcepts.com. 5-800-60563-5071. You win! WQM! No. A word from Howard Dean's wife. Sigh. So they're handicapped at Jewish Steinberg. Quite like presidential candidates, Howard Dean. You can call me Judy. Not judge Judy. That's the different rescat. People want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard. Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I scared a crap out of myself. I make proud for this and I look like a shane opponent. Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much Yiddish. Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it. No, I say. That's a bunch of mischagas. For those of you who don't to capish the Yiddish, that means crap. How is a good guy? Do he's what you might call a loose cannon? He's got a pretty bad temper on him. I remember one time when the red kids left the cap off of the toothpaste. I thought he was going to blow a gasket. The veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were gone in the corners of his mouth. Even for sugar, I spent 23 years with this shagots. Most of the time he's a mench. But on occasion, I hate him. I think my husband, Howard, would make for a very good president. One of the things I'm a little peo about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV. I've one of our section of the city. I get the shut down to campaign headquarters, or to the crookers, to watch on some tiny black and white set. I have never seen any program in color. So I'm not Jackie Kennedy. Hell if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't wear makeup. I'm like a whisker away from being amish. Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign. The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints. Anyway, Gazagasunt, that's Yiddish for that to do this time work over and out. Pete for about the committee to a like John Kerry President. How 47 at 560 WCM there is a god. Oh good. I remember I was talking last week about Larry Flint and the story about the Bush paid for abortion. Right, in Texas? No, don't tell me it's back. New York Daily News and their daily dish column is his activist rocker, Moby raised her public in hackles last week when he advised President Bush's enemies to engage in political mischief. Moby told my fellow got some Russian maloi. For example, you can go to all the pro-life chat rooms and say you're a broad and outraged right-wing voter, and that you know the George Bush Drow that ex-girlfriend in abortion clinic and pay for it a hidden abortion. Now, the incorrigible Larry Flint says he plans to market a Bush abortion story as genuine in a book to be published this summer by Kensington Press. The story has got to come out the wheelchair, bond, hustling magazine told the data news is Carke Samenco. There's a lot of hipocracy in the White House about this whole abortion issue. Flint claimed that Bush arranged for the procedure in the early 70s. I've talked to the woman's friends, Flynn said, I've tracked down the doctor who did the abortion. I tracked down the Bush people who are wearing for the abortion. I got the story nailed, he said. Is this incredible or why? That's incredible. Answering my prayers. But, Flynn wouldn't disclose whether he plans to name the woman. And you remember, I'd go, let's be the last week with the public and national chairman. Oh, there's going to be a story that's going to be, there's going to be a smear in us with a story. A abortion story. Right. Because it's true because we heard about it four years ago, but not quite in time. That was another lifetime ago before I found you. Nice going, Larry Flint. You go, boy. Not too fast though, so let it cheer down. 560, here's another good fact for Mascirgeos. How come our commander in thief at the Yahoo Daytona's time to do that for a photo of a buddy's two busy to make it any of the 532 different funerals from our soldiers in Iraq. Excellent point is usual, Sergio. You go. Right. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQM, hello. Hey, hey, do it. Okay, pali. Speak to Neil, please. Speaking. Hey, Neil, are you there? Yeah. Okay. That was a shocker. Let me say that. This country, every day I live in it and all the things I hear, it makes me envy you when I hear you talking from Toronto. Yeah. Because when I hear the polls regarding people against gay marriage, who gets a flying crap? Exactly. What does it mean? It's an individual decide to do. You know? We got a American kids dying every day in Iraq and a warping thought that was started based on lies. And these people are worried about whether gay people are going to have a piece of paper that says that they're legally married. Who do have the crap? Are these people screwed in the head or what? Yes. I mean, I also just saw the movie for the first time bowling for Columbine. Right. And you hear about the countries that have a... That's by gun every year. And you hear about your pan 39, pan it up, maybe 150, 899, Australia, 67. Right. We got 11,127. If they would put the priorities in order in this country, maybe we could divide the people or two. You know? Good luck, your pal. Great for us all, Bobbi. I'll see you at the border. All right. See at the old peace bridge, peace on it. 560, 505, 60. We're not going to make 1000 votes. Now, they slow right down. Oh, to our. Well, they're just not that that motivated. It's not one of those big deals that only has to do with the election. 760, which of these applies to you? I voted for a score 720, voter for go in 2000. I'm going to vote for carry this time. 60,8% for 128. I voted for abortion 2000. Well, again, 87, 12% don't confuse me with the facts. I didn't vote in 2000, but will in 2024, 74. I voted for abortion 2000. And I'll vote for carry now, 42, almost 6%. I'm too stupid to vote. 41. I voted for Nader, but this time for carry 24. I voted in 2000, but I won't this year. I voted for Nader, but this time for 4. I'm not going to vote that one punk. And don't forget, Nader is going to run again. Not on the green party, but on the desperate part. I'm the ego party. There he go. What is wrong with Mr. Nader? Oh, and now I tried to print something out before about 5 times. I wouldn't print. Now all of a sudden, I decided, OK, now's the time to print. Give her do that. I'll return. Oh, my gosh. He's using. What, oh, gee, I just tore it up again. It's that thing about Larry Flynn. The Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie, who in a speech last week accused Kerry campaigns, the board is not just mobile of hatching in a chat room scheme, was unavailable for comment or Flint charges, but they already tried to nip that one in the blood by talking about it. Oh, yeah, they're going to come up with this cock and maybe we're over about how the president got a woman pregnant and paid for abortion and drove her to the abortion clinic. It's true. At least so, that's what Larry Flynn told us back in 2000 and in the fall of 2000. Right before the election is dead. If we'd add by another two weeks, just another couple of weeks. Could have laid that right out there for America to see maybe they wouldn't have been able to steal the election. Speaking of violence, Dutch Hell's Angels found shot dead in the stream. New old yellow stream. Dutch police have launched a murder investigation after discovering the bullet riddled bodies of three house angels in the stream and the southern Netherlands. How do you like that? Needle-ons. The bodies of the members of the Nomads Hell's Angels Club and or speak New must-riq were retrieved from a stream at Echt in Lindbergh province on Friday after they went missing from their club house on Wednesday. All three have been shot several times, police say. This can make sure. One of the victims they used to be as pooled of Rees 54 was President of the Nomads one of several Dutch clubs and other victim in his 30s with claimed to marry to Rees daughter. The bikers had to be buried tomorrow on the southern city of Sittard, where with Hell's Angels from all across Europe respected with 10. What is that all about? Can you please explain that to me? Explain what. No Mads website with the A.A. Hell's Angels. The Nomads website was offline yesterday but dozens of messages of condolence have been submitted to the websites of other Dutch-hell's Angels clubs. Lindbergh police said there was no indication they had died as a result of gang warfare, but admitted that a mode of head and been identified, no refugees were respected, and police have not increased surveillance to the Hell's Angels group at this time. Despite this, German police are monitoring two club houses in Versan and Villa, according to the A.N.P. news agency. It's not the first time Hell's Angels have died violently in Needle-ons, a well-known member of the club-sam-cluber. Sam Schlepper was gunned down in 2000 in a killing which triggered violence between rival gangs. There may go again with the bloods in the cliffs and the East Coast rappers and the West Coast rappers? Yeah. Several Hell's Angels were also shot in the brothel just outside Amstodom and others arrested for firearms offenses. The Hell's Angels also popular in Germany and Scandinavia were founded in the U.S. and 1948. Members ride powerful motorcycles and sport-a-skull-ogo under leather jackets. The organization has an estimated 2500 members around the world, including Jazz McCame. Sure. It's Maine Dutch Branson, Amstodom, refused to come at yesterday and the Nomad's Clubhouse and Ours Peak was reported to be surrounded by men armed with clubs, clubs, and bats. Just to be sure, just to be on the safe side, although clubs and bats quite frankly, don't combat those bullets too well. It's hard to combat bullets with a bat. No one's saying? Yeah, to be a really good hitter. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Howard Dean, to stay to say goodbye, come on, let's hear it. What's wrong with his man? He's had the ugly wife. WDQA, and hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Okay. Hey, I wanted to call you. Did you hear about the woman that got arrested in Texas? Do you mean the porno shop? Yeah. For something to do, though, yeah. Can you believe that? Sure. Test is clear. Does she call this? Right. And tell people what to use it for, I mean, if you want a business and you're selling a product, I just hope to tell people what it's for and I... He should have told him it's an ornament to have around a house to get an adorant keep it handy. You know, I'm sure George knows about this also, just like when you go into a smoke shop, it's not a bomb. It's a water pipe. Water pipe, sir. Can you point me some Mickey and Eisner? Okay. Thanks, Howard. You got a mine. He said no to come to a Comcast. Good. Well, I mean, no. They said no so far, but then they said, just up the ante. I'll say yes. It'll be handy. Just give me a little more cash and we'll say, okay, it's not about her. It's just a question of when. Just like when remember, it has the next talky show on this station for this summer. You know, who's going to be the first one out? Eisner? Yeah, he'll be gone. They've been trying to unload his ass anyway now. The Comcast will buy it up. Eisner? He'll be gone. See, the thing I don't feel too sorry for those people because a lot of these guys have been making millions and millions. If they don't like, you know, stash a little bit of a way under the mattress somewhere. Uh, tough to eat, right? Right. Wait, poor pay ride. Let's take a more collection for him. Oh, he got to take a little bit of a paide increase. They're going to play for the jankies and then make it a big side of the edge. They should take baseball and ban it. Baseball should be banned. You know, the marlins want a world series. That's probably never going to happen again. They want to twice in just six years. That's it. Now, get rid of it. Say goodbye to it. So these crazy and sane salons. Mike pizza at the screen where he's getting like 13 million a year or Was, uh, well, what's that all about? Can you tell me? Nope. Mass madness lunacy and most of these places. The, in fact, what they can do is nobody show up in any of the other stadiums just in the Yankee stadium. They can just pack the joint. They can be packing it every night. 1257 and a nice thing. We got a shot in a thousand now. We got seven. Huh? Yes. We do? Yes. We got 750 which means we need 250 votes and if they wanted to. We got to put on the big push. We're going to put on the big push. We're supposed to do five six. You a m. Not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Don't worry. I told you don't bother me while I'm in here. I thought, hello? It's Mickey Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse. Good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing, sir. You're freaking killing me. No, not. I don't have a Kelly call me every three minutes. Why did we move the protest? Sir, you told me to move the protest. I didn't tell you when you left the microphone. It's not me. No, sir. You said move the practice to Monday. Hey, hey, listen, but wipe on the ball. I make the decisions. You take the heat. Right. You all move the practice. Okay. Are we going with it anyway? I'm holding on. What are you doing? Remind. Yeah, well shot. Thought how up. I'm on the phone, Remind. Yeah, yes, sir. What was your question? I'm telling you, I'm going crazy over here. Between David Kelly and the Michael Jackson call me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking mind. Hold on. Reef off. Get him off. Stop it, Reef off. I'm going to call my son. I'm going to call, Reef off. Reef off. If once it's in my hand, Remind, that's your beat is both my other hand, Reef off. That's a full ball. Right. I can't hear anything, Reef. Stop flying the floor. Sorry. I'm certain. The moves are working out very well. The practice is four minutes times. What? What? What? So we even beat in the WB. Barely. Oh, my god. Michael Jackson thing was a rating success. A good hold on a second. Reef off. Decidable. What's our helliest doing when a harmonica reemble? Don't play, Reemind. I'll jam that thing down your throat. And get up. Don't play, Reemind. I'll jam that thing down your throat. And get up. You're going to wake me up. I deserve over 25 million people. Shut up, Reiser. Listen. You see me? What I'm doing here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? Use your imagination for quite a while. I'm moving my hands up and down. Why the sign? I'm the puppet master. I say it. You do it. Now, box is going to air all the stuff that you cut out. Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him work. I got the... Pop it, master. Me! I get it. Oh! Reemind. Yes, you, sir. What the hell are you doing now? Listen to flow, boss. It's nothing wrong with a floor Reemind. What's this in my ear? That your penis votes. My Honor, Reemind. That's the phone Reemind. Get out. Get out. I've learned. Yes, sir. Kill me. Kill me. I'm sorry, sir. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me, sir. I'm sorry, sir. Kill me. I'm sorry. Kill me, sir. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. One, four, five, sixty, W.M. We got the mad dog coming to two, the Humperate, four, and then the big O.A. Oh, please. Seven, sixty, nine, see. We're not going to make it anywhere near a thousand. You want it away? Why? I'm not going to do that today. That's that's bad. I'll go tomorrow. Okay. Bush y'all planned to ban gas additive, actually benefited big GOP donors in the chemical industry. That's got to be an aberration, right? Right. Like those child molesting priests? The Bush administration quietly sheltered proposal to ban a gasoline additive that contaminates drinking water of many communities, helping an industry that's donated more than a million dollars to Republicans. The EPA's decision had its origin in the early days of President Bush's tenure. When is administration decided not to move ahead with a Clinton era regulatory effort to ban the cleaner additive methyl, tertiary, butal ether, or MTE? I like to empty the E myself. The proposed regulation said the environmental harm of the additive leaching into the groundwater overshadowed its beneficial effects to the air. The Bush administration decided to leave the issue to Congress, where it's been bogged down by proposal to shield the industry from some lawsuits, then initiative of course is being led by house majority leader, the umptious Tom Delay Republican of Texas, and don't forget leave your Dillos at home in Texas. Tragic. Like I said, divide a country into sections, and that's the only answer for it. That thing about Larry Flint, did I just mention that the other day wouldn't it be great if he came out with a story? Just yesterday, I think. And now he's not going to have a story. He's going to write a book this summer, just in time for an election. Just like the cocaine and the booze and the DUIs, that was a lifetime ago. I found a comment. Yeah. Now this story here, I just, it just makes me sick of my stomach. See, there's one thing that American society does monitor with Seth and that is this. There are, there's no cure for pedophiles. Yeah, what? So all those guys who are doing their 10 to 20 for having a penjoy in their anstray, let them out and make some room or have some kind of an institution or some kind of an island, right? Like Alcatraz and send the pedophiles there and they can molest each other, like Antarctica. A convicted sex offender from Boint and Beach was arrested Sunday accused of molesting three girls in two boys at a birthday party, Sheriff's official said, Steven Luma's 40 of Meadows drive inappropriately touched some of the children, and showed them a pornographic video, said Sheriff Spokesman Diane Carrhart. He was at a children's party about 18 months ago when the incident happened. The allegations were reported to a sheriff deputy who then turned over the case of the special investigations unit. Luma's was charged with capital sexual battery on a child younger than 12, showing obscene material they were minor and four counts of loot or lascivious molestation. Luma here comes the best part. Luma's plea to go to the 1996 to two counts of committing a loot act on act on, in his former, on children's former book in neighborhood, he'd been accused of bodily four of his daughter's friends, three girls in a boy, whose ages range from six to eight. He was sentenced to three months in jail, a year of house arrest and three years of probation. So you have to wonder what is he doing at a birthday party with kids? Obviously a lot. Carrhart reminded parents that the FDLE website, list sex offenders and registered dresses, we also encourage people if there's any sign of inappropriate action by an adult to keep the lines of communication or bull with your children. Carrhart said, Luma's remained in the Palm Beach County jail without bond. Ain't gonna change. Petafiles are petafiles you can ship a ride like the church did and all they're gonna do is molest somebody else's kids. Gonna same with this. Ma'am, I'll give three months in jail and one year's probation. Have you do it? What? 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvellous Line WQM hello. Yeah, I got a doctor meal. Speaking. Hey Neil, how are you today? Pretty good. Hey, listen, I'm relocating back up north and I just want to call and- Oh, thank you. Oh, thank you. For all the fun times, it's time to enjoy my brief spit down here. I'll be listening to you on the internet whenever I can. Where are you going? New Jersey. Oh, well, nothing's perfect. Yeah, oh, yeah. Well, make a way back up north, but you know, lots of nice areas New Jersey if there is such a thing. At least it's close to some civilized places anyway. Yeah, right. Yeah, that might be an offie more on a nice place in New Jersey. Doesn't smell too much there, so I guess you can take, you gotta take what you can get. Exactly. But I just wanted to thank you for all the- for all the entertainment that you provided me while I was down here. Okay, best of luck, pal. See you in ten of climb. All right. All right. See you in Atlantic City if you can see to what all the old Cockers may. Oh, please. Bus loads and bus loads a ship of man, man. Old Cockers and Sparks is from Philadelphia. And New York. Ship of the man to Atlantic City. Don't ever go there. No, thank you. Hmm. So you only- only place have ever been in my life, I think. But the whole time I was there, I had my hand on my wallet. But I'm serious. I had my hand on my ass. I mean, I have places I had my hand on somebody else's ass. Yeah. But at this place, I had my hand on my own ass. Just making sure that that wallet wasn't in the- I didn't check around like that. They just all just got a jam up right. We were close and tight, you know. We're gonna make a 900- do you think? I'm not, you know, whatever we get would get. Yeah, it's all great. Because we got over 12- I should give this over 26 hundred votes on any hot couple's contest. Monica and Brian, 550- eight. Come on Monica. Sarah and Sean, 3-78. It's nice to share. Jesse and Jeffrey, 241. Karen and Joe, 2-13. Josel and Rick out 173. Carmen and Carlos, 155. And Erin and Brandon? Braden? Braden? Braden? Braden carry my own writing. Braden's in 141. Whatever it is. Whatever it is, man. 141. Those are the ones that over 100 right now. But a long way to go. The whole thing closes out 155 on Friday. So be sure and vote like I held a lot. And they are. WQA and hello. Hello? Yes. Is this to vote? This is to vote, yes, man. I will vote. I voted for Gore and I will vote. Who members of Democrats is? Oh, right. Two or three times. What the answer? I said, have a great day. You too. Thank you. Bye. Bye. She's voting for whoever the Democrats put in there. Okay. Time for Camler. Martin Borman. Rudolph has anybody. And I agree with her. Anybody be a big improvement of what we got now. Can you even begin to imagine? How they must be piddling in their pants? I mean, they tried to think with carry in the intern. You know, they threw their crap up against the wall. Didn't stick. No, not even close. Didn't even make like a little just a little tiny ripple. You know, they're going to lose and they know it. Probably carry pop the little bit of a back home Roy here in there. But that was about it. And now if all of this stuff were to cocaine, you know, it's so easy to say, Well, I was another lifetime. When you got a guy who's got his head on the nuclear button number, nuclear. I'm sorry, nuclear fire. Number one, and who sent a kids off to be a butchered and war and killing people all over around the world. And who's surrounded by a bunch of neoconoclutetics, chicken hocks. Uh, yeah, then you better really know what you're dealing with. Including that funny military record. Including the abortion if that story is true. And I have the reason to doubt it because this is the second time around for it. And remember when you're close personal friend, Al told us that the Larry thumb was getting ready to pop it right. I guess the woman, uh, yeah, they must have gotten tour. Whatever it had happened. Yeah, something. We don't want to regulate. Right. Maybe the head or like, uh, hose down somewhere. Just till after the election was over. 560560, but that's going to be just, uh, that'll be it. That'll be the end of finito. Because can you imagine all the, uh, all the right wing religionists out there. Oh my god. And abortion. Holy crap. No, you don't get it. It's not going to mean a thing to them. Why do you say that? That was a lifetime ago. I hadn't found G just stay in. Well, that's right. That's before found Jesus. We have a lot of the independence and other people might be on the fence. I don't think holy crap. What a hypocrite and what a liar. What a funny baloney. You could have eaten a hundred children. A hundred of their children. I think you only did about 35. Oh. One thirteen at five sixty WQM when it comes to mattresses America's leading brand is Seely. The Seely posture pedicline is famous all around the world for comfort and durability. If you want rock bottom prices on the entire line of a brand new Seely posture Pities, don't waste your time in those bedding departments through as waiting for special sales because every day. 365 days a year you'll get the best deal from our friends in dollar mattress. Just at one easy call, I'll do it for you. A 1 800 mattress. Dollar mattress carried the complete line of Seely and other even easier to care for than ever before because Seely's new line of posture pedics are just like to be. They never have to be flipped or rotated. Just haven't said it a period enjoy years and years of comfort. These beds are constructed to provide optimal comfort on the sleeping surface and they last you for a hell of a long time. So just call that toll free number right now 1 800 mattress. Talk to an expert bedding consultant and enjoy the service right number one for over all customers had satisfaction. But low prices same day delivery free set of enrollants easy to see. While our friends at dollar mattress are ranked the best anywhere in customer satisfaction. So enjoy great night sleep tonight and for years to come with a fantastic unbeatable Seely posture pedic from dollar mattress. I've been doing it for years by my mattresses from these folks and now even George and Booker Brian McGill and Fatboy on the bed wagon. They do the smart thing. They make one easy call and sit back in the on the rest. Wait for the delivery to come. 1 800 mattress. 1 800 MATTT RES or check them out online at mattress.com. 1 800 MATTT RES or check them out online at mattress.com. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out? 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0. 0 0 0 900 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0. 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0. 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0. 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0. a piece here by Michael Anjala's and you really that child? Okay. Uh, he writes in the New York press, the Red Report, the cyber hack jumps the gun. And if you could see the picture he's got here on this footage, would they, oh my god, with his mouth wide open, like he's ready to eat a banana. You would just pee your pants. But anyway, he says I happen to know that several major news organizations have for some time in looking at the claims about poorly conservative moralizer build Bennett, you know, the one that had all the gambling problems right. And a leather bond time in a Trish bodybuilder in Las Vegas, a woman who has some very interesting narratives to recount. What news organizations? The top five that come to your mind are on the list. Some reporters have even traveled far and wide on this story. Does this mean the story is true? No, it is developing as our favorite cyber gossip character assassin likes to say, and it may go nowhere. Every day reporters track down leads and follow up on tips. Sometimes this goes on for while they may never nail down the leads and that's certainly true if there's no truth to them. It's interesting though that Matt Fudge who standards are far lower than even though say of the weekly world news hasn't run a blurring headline like, Bill Bennett and grip of imminent down an atris scandal. I said that of course because last week, George Rene breathless world exclusive report of his own, claiming that news organizations were chasing down recent legend fidelity on the part of Democratic firm under John Kerry. Now with regard to the Bennett rumor, take my word for it, that several reporters have communicated directly with first hand sources as a vibe. But what George claimed about Kerry was so ridiculously far removed from the supposed source that you'd have better luck using a witty board to determine if there's any scandal in this future. The Washington Post and several other news organizations George claimed had been looking into allegations based on the writings of a friend of a woman who supposedly had an affair with Kerry but who fled the country and continually couldn't be reached. In other words, neither drugs himself nor apparently any of this supposedly reporters who claimed were looking into it seemed to have spoken to the alleged ex-patriot mistress and George had even spoken to women's frantic friend himself. It is interesting that this unsubstantiated unsourced non-story about the Democratic frontrunner which soon dominated right-wing radio, came as George W. Bush, was warning in the center of an increasingly well-sourced story regarding his path military service and his having gone awall. Loyals for soldier drugs who delighted and exposing goat-plant and sex life seemed to spin into action and try to save Bush perhaps fed information from Carl Roe's right-wing smear machine. Even conservative pundits so another self-hating queen Andrew Sullivan went off the reservation momentarily entertaining the notion that the rumor was coming from his side. A beginning to worry that the Republicans right behind this be behind this smear job on Kerry Road on his blog, Kelly was forced to flatly deny the claims on I'm a today after Grudge ran his report. Well there's nothing to reports so there's time to talk about it and not worried about it Kerry say it is stated. Usually did it now itself elevates the story dramatically which is the plan of the right-wing smear out of stall along, landing in all over TV and newspapers across the country, but the drugs smears so far as pretty much bombed big time. The British tabloids and report Murdoch own papers like the New York Post and its direct competition with Ali News picked it up as well as a few third rate local TV affiliate down south. This was pretty laughable but Grudge nonetheless how did these breaks the story on his side, this bit for attention and validation. Maybe a lot of media so far haven't picked up on the story not because they're getting more scruples but because Grudge is even more unreliable and wrong than he used to be and he was pretty bad to begin with. Leonard Downey Jr. editor of the Washington Post one of the paper's Grudge claim was working on the story, and Grudge told editor and publisher that no one there was investigating Kerry for any infidelity, Grudge also would say that West Lake Clark told dozens of reporters off the work of the Kerryhead and intern issue, and if Clark knew Kerry was about to implode, why did he pull out of the race and why did he then give his endorsement to Kerry? The allegations not surprisingly did get linked up across the right-wing web, web, and Russelman for functionally attacked the rumor as politically motivated without actually criticizing his good buddy, Drudge. Perhaps Sullivan was clearly still in sense to over by having exposed his online Verbex-excapade two years ago, has to come out against the invasion of privacy if you wanted to remain a dignant about the pastries about him and his own behavior. But soon enough he was slapped down by my fellow right-wing blatherers, Jonah Goldberg writing on National Review Online, and criticizing Sullivan for saying this mere came from the Republicans, and Jonas infamous mother Lucy Ann Goldberg, remember her? Yes. One of the cretons that he said are they the Winsky if he were who were to let it a Sullivan site, like a goodbiegel Sullivan fell back in line and soon began excitedly speculating, on how far Drudge's Kerry smear would get in the mainstream press, hoping would prove how influential he and his fellow right-wing bloggers have become, some on the right-wing began linking to the National Enquires covered so hard up where they'd get this story going. Perhaps by the time you read this Sullivan more successful, but guess what? They haven't. Says then again, maybe Drudge shot his while with a dubious story, and now his further sleigh stories on Kerry surely developing in quotes as we speak, will get less and less attention we can only hope. Oh and about Bill Bennett, it's developing. Hi, Scott and Eric Michael Anzolo, you silly queen you. 567056C, you follow all that? Yes. Good. Pomp 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. WQA, and hello. Hi, I need to speak to Neil. Speaking. Oh Neil, this is a gene. I just want to let you know one of the reasons why we're not getting as many votes today. Yeah. Yeah. Change the boobs every day. About your pardon? You have to change the picture of the boobs every single day. What do you mean by that? Well you can't have the same one every day, you know because the guys that are, you know, they want to see something new. No, well we got, uh, how they bury. The reason we left it up a second day is because yesterday was a holiday and a lot of people might have been on vacation. How we don't want to miss, uh, Harold, how these buries. Yeah, and you got so many people though yesterday, remember? Yes, we did. That was cool. And also, another reason is, you know, you're encouraging everybody to vote twice in the election this year. We should be able to vote twice on our computers too. Okay. Go ahead. Uh, again. I thought you said something about the cookies, you know, we can't. Well, uh, where does it? Well, does this eat a couple of cookies and see what happens? Okay. Thank you. Thanks. Very much. Talk to you. What? Baker Fresh batch. Brick and come on with a fresh batch. Okay. Squared squirt. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. So what about that bill? Better. A little bit of a gambling problem, eh? Oh, and I may be like a little dominate for this problem. That was before Okay. So sweet when the shoes on the other foot, you know, and of course there were a lot of people speculating that this whole carry, uh, intern thing just happened to blow at the time on the A wall stuff was coming down, right the same weekend. Could have been just a coincidence, right? No chance. No chance. Highs try. Matt. You silly queen. Let's see. What's in these applies to you? What have we gotten out? 800 in a sum of 840? I voted for Gordon 2000. I vote for Carrie 505. I voted for Bush in 2000 will again 105, 12.5%. Not too strong. I didn't vote in 2000 but will in 2004, 86. I voted for Bush in 2000. I'll vote for Carrie this time. No 50. I'm too stupid about 47. We believe you. I voted for neither this time. I'll vote for Carrie 26. I voted in 2000. But I won't vote this year. 15. I voted for neither this time. I'll vote for Bush only four and I'm not old enough to vote. We got a pair who are playing hokey. Why do I look all here? Sports radio 560. 2 AM. A Republic baby. Only in Miami. Could the future of eating ass lead to it on timely death? I'm White Fort Lauderdale. Join us tonight at 6pm or part 1 of a probing channel can investigation into the dangers of eating ass. Experts say it tastes like a headache but some doctors say it could spread disease. After that disturbing look at eating ass will have more God is ending dips on how to raise children. This is White Fort Lauderdale from Channel 10U. What will the weather be like tomorrow? Building in for the vacationing. No. We have Channel 12 weatherman John Matthews. Hello everybody. I'm John Matthews. Tomorrow's going to be bright and sunny and happy with the couple of swimmen the children will play. Also at 11. Christy Krueger takes us behind the scenes the show is which I she actually uses to look in the camera. Danger is a beating ass. That's story and more. Very between our continuance series of tips on how to raise children. Tonight. Only on Channel 10U. 1.13 at 560 W.K. I'm speaking to that student group at Roger Williams University is offering a new scholarship for which only White students are eligible. Move they say design to protest affirmative action. Have I always said that? What's wrong with that? Nothing. A new scholarship for White students only. The application for the $250 award is an essay requires an essay. Why are you proud of your White Herod? You're in a recent picture to confirm your whiteness. Evidence of Bleaching will disqualify applicants as the application issued by the University's College Republicans. Jason Matira Twannie who's president of the Geek College Republic and said the group is parodying minority scholarships. We think that if you want to treat some of the current a character and how well they achieve academically then skin color shouldn't really be an option. Many people think they're coming from a White background. You're automatically privileged. You're automatically rich and your parents pay full tuition. That's just not the case. In fact, maybe there's some very deserving White the young men and South Florida than Willy. What ever happened with Willy Williams? Do we ever hear any more about that? No. Oh, I have. How come that case just died Josh? What they'll happen? I don't know. See? Where the hell is Willy Williams? Inquiring minds want to know. Anyways, the stud is angry at some university but the administration is staying out of the fray. The school's provost said it's a student groups initiative and not endorsed by Roger Wooden's University. Matira who's a Puerto Rican descent himself is a recipient of a $5,000 scholarship open only to a minority group. No matter what my ethnicity is, I'm making a statement that scholarship should be given out based on merit and need. He said he told a private and journal and even though he's a Republican in this case, I agree wholeheartedly. His group took out a full EC. It's not politically correct if he's supposed to be liberal or to the letter of a tele-hunt. He just can't say that affirmative action is a bad thing. Well, guess what it is. His group took out a full page ad in last week's issue, the University's student who's papered to top the scholarship, which was for $50, while she was until $2,000 came forward to add $100 each during the weekends, when I was $250. It's not the first brush with controversy for the group to school temporarily froze the Republicans money in the fall during a fight over a series of articles, published in a monthly newsletter, one article leds that a gay White's group indoctrinated students into homosexual sex. There you go. So they're not perfect. All right, but they're good over the Republicans is what they are. Just flex in their muscle and showing it off. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. How many QM? Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. First page in the Palm Beach Post published a real interesting quote today. I'd like to read if you wrote a short. Is it short? Yeah. It's from Colin Powell's 1995 autobiography, my American journey. And as you know, he was a Vietnam veteran. Here's a quote. I am angry that so many of the sons of the powerful and well-placed and so many professional athletes managed to wrangle slots and reserve a national guard unit. Right. Of the many tragedies of Vietnam, this raw, collapsed discrimination strikes me as the most damaging to the ideal that all Americans are created equal and all allegiance to their country. Absolutely correct sir. Yeah, so that's the end of the day, but it bears repeating. It's beautiful. I just think I can be in Alzheimer's. You know how that is. Yeah. Thanks a lot, Paul. I have a great day. Just say, it's a colon Powell. Oh, you know that asshole at love out the York. What else is his name? The one that they have on the I'm a B. More specific. No, you know, the one that right wing of the one with the real heavy New York accent that was under this morning. Oh, what is that guy's name? The against with a B as in Bushman. I don't know. You're working with your cancer man. You're all the freaking time. A real bushler. Oh, B patriotic guy. I'm a sports bush. And you got to stick up at troops in for bush. And you've got to write. And I was bush going to win the landslide. And maybe they'll put Colin Powell on a ticket nettle line that'll get him in. What where did they find his comeback? See, one thing about New York, man. A lot of wonderful people there, but there's also so many just those stereotypical slimy scumbaggy type of people. Now, the one is that guard that the Guardian Angel's guy. What does his name? Curtis Slywitz. Curtis Slywitz. Slywitz. Slywitz. There's another good one for you. Never met a a fascist he didn't like. WQA. Hello. That line one has a serious problem. But it does work. Let's hear it. Haunted. Huh? It's haunted. No, no, it is haunted. And that is that it does the cut off real fast. It rings a few times. Then like that. Every time you pick it up there's a spook on there. Exactly. WQA. Hello. Please don't trace this call, but I actually looked at Rush King Banks website one day. Uh-huh. Talk about superimposing pictures. He had a picture. You know, that famous picture Monica Kison Clinton on the cheek now. Right. Uh-huh. That picture. Yes, I do. Where I'm supposed to carry a picture where Clinton's face was. That's right on his website. Yeah. It's just, it's just unbelievable. And I actually, again, don't trace the call, but I listen to the show. And this lady calls in and says, how delicious the news is about Bill. I mean, you know, about Kerry. I guess what's sorry. Delicious. And then what he's saying is that the Clinton's are behind it. They don't want a Democrat to win in 2000. Yeah. Well, I ever never were to that the Clinton's, you know, the support of the people who know. Unbelievable. And we like you, Boundon. And don't do that again. We will trace the call. We will be on pass arrest. That's where he is right now. I'll still get it. Yeah. How's the rest while they try and do something with that violation of probation? I see. Well, they try to, uh, eliminate it. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally for all the info. What are you saying? How to spook the news, Irzary? I thought that what you said. Well, a guy that's moving up the jersey be where it's always Halloween every day up there 24 till 2 5 60 WQAM. And then what they say. In the name of session leads to physics discovery. Wait till we get to this story. Do you know that? Is that the candy or the rapper or the candy rapper? It's a good physics of eating up them. WQAM, hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, I am. Oh, hi, are you? I'm counting because I know how you are talking about the elections and how people should be voting twice and whatnot. Let me tell you, this morning I woke up around 330 or 4 in the morning. And I turned on the lio these close to close to go. Oh, don't do that again. No, no, but this, the topic was about election. My goodness. Let me tell you something. I was, I was absolutely stunned. They talked, they talked that the lady who was the host, um, that her, she was talking about how a company in around 2002 had been employed by the Pentagon. You know, because they gave the programming to do the for the voting machines. Yeah, that was. And the majority of the ownership was done by the Saudi for the military voting. Yeah. And another thing is, she pointed out that there are only four companies primarily that surf the programming for voting machines. The electric voting machines. Yeah, we've talked about this. I'm nausea. We've talked about this. No, you know, does she has a book called Black Box voting? No. It's fascinating. I mean, let me tell you, when you read that you really start, uh, really feeling sorry for this country's democracy. I mean, I already feel for your country's democracy, I feel for you. I mean, and what I'm really, and shocked about is that these four companies are doing the programming for the voting machines, three of them are foreign owned. One of them is from Canada and other one is from England. So, honey, and another thing is they make the programming of for the voting machines so tech so bad. I mean, is very easy for someone to tamper through it. In fact, I could never happen. There could never be a first American election video. Do you know what the most surprising thing I heard? And what is that in closing? Yes. In a counting in California, an election result came out five hours before the prison closing. Right. That's like, what is it? Well, at least they're at least they're getting out fast to the public. That's all right. Have a great day, Permanent. You didn't mention diboll, but I tried to speak it in there, you know? Diabold at Luz bush just happened to manufacture the machines. And we certainly don't want to go along with Robert Weissler and have a paper trail to wait because then you can figure it out when they fix the total. Where does no paper trail? It's just a number. Where we pull that number out of Blackcomb. All right. Anyway, Princeton Physicist Paul Chakins passion for Eminem candies was so well known that his students played a sweet practical joke on and by leaving a 55 gallon drum of candies in his office, little that they know that their prank would lead away physics breakthrough. This isn't a joke. Okay. The girl full of the oblique little candies made chicken think about how well they packed in. A series of studies have shown they packed more tightly than perfect spheres. Something that surprised as many physicists and taken himself. It's a sterling and wonderful results at Sydney Nagle. A physicist at the University of Chicago. One does normally stop to think about this. If you did you might have guessed what would happen with you to get wrong. The issue of how particles packed together is in treat scientists for centuries and is implications for field such as the design of high density ceramic materials for use in aerospace and other industries. Chakins and his colleague, chemists, salvator, to her quado use the candies to investigate the physical and mathematical principles involved when particles are poured randomly into a vessel. Writing in Friday's issue of the journal science, they said they found that oblites fear-wits, such as plain M&Ms, packs of prizingly more densely than regular spheres when poured randomly in shaken. When poured in a said spheres occupy about 64% the space to container, M&Ms managed to pack in a density of about 68%. We just reached the sphere and suddenly things change dramatically since their quado domains are markable that you can take this simple system with common candies and probe out of the deepest problems and condensed matter physics. Mars, in which makes M&Ms did not help sponsor the research, although it did donate 125 pounds of M&Ms to take in Prince of Princeton's statement. And I agree? It's not a mighty white of him. So there's a good physics for you. Just eat enough of a couple of pounds and you'll be crafting your brains out. 20 till 2 at 5.60 WC, I do like the coded almonds man. Oh yeah. I don't think about M&Ms those things will make your blood sugar go up so damn fast. I mean you're head don't even hit the ground the hit the side walk yet. That's why Dr. Bob should have stayed off the M&Ms. His wife by the way is pretty porked off. She was on last night on Larry King. I walked about two minutes of it. And also some doctor from the Atkins group. And they should be pissed off. I mean whether or not you like his diet of everybody like his personality which we didn't the fact that it matter as he did have a great weight loss thing regime. And secondly, I'll all be try to do was like make him look bad even after his death. They still were try to make him look bad because their jealous name want to say you a lot of bread and a lot of pasta and rice and crap and continue getting you fat and a lot of fast food garbage. Anybody had those uh, where's it? Somebody that's got those wraps you had one yet? No, I don't uh go there girlfriend. You don't rack there? No. Well no seriously they look pretty good on TV but then again so to those sandwiches. 18 till 2 at 5.60 WC, if you're thinking to buying a new car truck if you want to save really big visit Armstrong's Toyota home stood. You're finally on the US one just 20 minutes south of the old 836. Armstrong's Toyota home stood is worth the drive to save thousands and billions of dollars on great new unbeatable Toyota's. Check out these great prices speaking of unbeatable and oh for a Corolla loaded including air that you own for just 12 990. And oh for a canry with aerodomatic and lotslots more just 16 990 need a truck? How about an oh 4 Toyota to turn with the safest truck in America from just 14 990. And when you buy a new vehicle Armstrong's Toyota home stood you get a free sun pass. This was the first dealer in all south voted offer free towers and batteries for life and they're still going strong at that. General manager David Rich and Establed do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today. So experience the Armstrong Toyota home stood difference are locally owned and operated and are committed to 100% customer satisfaction. Their service department is even open weeknight's late to late to make sure that your service work is done and done right. You'll find them on US one two 93rd street in home stood not really that far no matter where you are just 20 easy minutes south of the year 36. So if you're nauseated if you're fed up with those mega dealers who over promised and then under deliver and disappoint every time then call David Rich Armstrong's Toyota home stood GM at 305 24232 47 305 24232 47. Travel little and save a whole lot on the great new Toyota and Armstrong's Toyota of home stood. Fandwich I am a person. It's the boring. What's better than a live radio show every morning on CD? Well just about anything but that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaning up with radio's original bad boy who now looks like a nasty old lady. What's a very name? I'm a sellout intern as copy sucks. Yes every morning see I miss listen to a tape of other people's carony bits. Live on the air. I did a hammer to bite into those muck and you're so funny about the first one play. See his why he'll be behind the scenes at it. I also made a bit like I'm an annual walrus cookbook at you and I get me some fresh coffee or your fire. I miss he's irreverent so I want to deal the poor. What's the deal with his water game rate? I'm in coherent. I'll tell you what that is a double of a business. What does it matter? He's I'm a fan he's going to ring and he's only on MSNBC a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations go but he listens to and it's something to get some fresh jingles. It's Iris. He made me more and more. He sure is in coherent I'll tell you that both detail that's a name of the guy just it's just Don't I may during the break? What is it? Goed detail. Oh, maybe he's the fifth needle. How can you not take that guy seriously? Like I'm poking with a needle. Oh, he's just he is what everybody despises about New York. He's the typical ugly New Yorker's theory type of the accent and the attitude and a whole just just obnoxious. He's got New York obnoxious just dripping all over his posts, man. And of course he's become like I'm a talking head show you know when they need some goofball on it. That's him. Just like that Curtis sleaze bag I was making a rounds for a while but seem to have disappeared. 915 votes on a poll. We came close we gave it a shot if I would have just made a few threats we'd have gotten to a thousand. Which of these applies to you? I voted for Gordon 2000 and I'll vote for Kerry uh, 544. Nearly 2 thirds of our cat has known leaders have been captured. I voted for Bush in 2000 and will again 119 13% is part of that alphanine. No man look on his push right now. It's said. It's scary. I didn't vote in 2000 but I will vote in 2004. 94. I voted for Bush in 2000 but I vote for Kerry this time 57. I'm too stupid of 051. I voted for Nader but this time I'm voting for Kerry 28. I voted in 2000 but I won't this year 16. I voted for Nader this time a vote for Bushmeister 4 and I'm not old enough to vote a couple of juvenile delinquents. That's it. I look into good for the Bushmeister in our audience anyway. Nothing you'd expect it to but I mean 13% is exactly anything to write home about. No. I want you to think it's going to happen when Larry Fence book comes out. Nothing. You don't see you you're you're focusing in on that segment which is probably about 70 to 80% of his support. What about the other 20%. I'm focusing on the people that plan to vote for him nothing is going to deter them. No and then 70 to 80% you're talking about the fundamentalist lunatic wealthy or whatever now they are whatever motivates them. That's not all of them. No. Okay. There are in fact look into poll. I voted for Bush in 2000. I vote for Kerry 57. I voted for Nader last time. I'm going to vote for Kerry 28. Maybe not because they love Kerry so much but because they realize that the Nader vote is a waste of time and they want to say bye by the Bush. And all those people are away from there in between the undecideds. The independence whatever you want to call them. The other ones are going to make the difference and if this abortion thing blows up and all the other bull crap look out now. So I can tell you. WQM line one will work. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. That guy's name when I missed that was a deal. Oh, Eddle. Well, Eddle is a water watch. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Both a lot. Eddle. He's a grease ball. Honey like a needle don't sound like a Italian to me. Probably a nickname though. They all have nicknames. Oh, Deedle is a nickname. A pseudo name. I see sounds like a real name to me. WQM. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. Did you happen to see that story over the week? There's two things. Did you happen to see that story over the weekend when Ann and Walter said that Max Cleal and Zomb injuries and Vidae. He wasn't aware here. We hit it on our website. Oh, she's a she's a she's a she's a disgusting, disgusting, miserable bitch. What a disgusting. Here's what I got at a triple amputee. And so we got blown up by picking up a grenade and I said, but at meantime, he served his country on like some people that we know. Yeah, George W. Bush was getting time off the go on Senate campaigns while in the guard and she's downplaying what Max Cleal and then Vietnam terrible exactly. Also did you see the Calthoon guy? He said, oh, yeah, I saw Bush and Alabama. He said that he saw Bush throughout the summer and I'm on a chart that was only four times. This story changed. I talked about yesterday. Every first it was a dozen times that it was six times not found a four times and then they admit, well, guys got a bad memory. So he's having a trouble. I know he said he saw him throughout the summer, but then the Bush records say he didn't show up there to accept him or he saw him on dates when even they say he wasn't there. So good luck to his credibility. And he was making up drill in my office by what a war hero Bush is, but not Max Cleal and isn't according to Ann Colter. Well, you know what they say about that bitch. Yeah, all right, Neil. Have a great takeout. Right first off. And our hanging pastramy. Oh, we don't want to play that, do we today? Well, when Doug gets you that information. Hold your breath like right down. Yeah. I have a suggestion for you. I'm off okay, while you're sitting in there making a schedule with clearance. Yeah, good off your ass and get what's going on in for for a way. It would be nice. Just just have been a one talk about it on the year, but it would just be nice to find out some of these things. 152, let's get the present on here for a second or two before they fully materialize. And that's enough. And this is for unreal 560. Anyway, and we have. That's the bitch who bought. Oh, and Colter is a party girls like party girls. Let's party girls fly. And Colter is a party girls. Let's party girls fly. Party girls fly. That's the same. That's the same. That's the same. That's the same. That's the same. That's the same. A double load. A double load. A double load. A double load. A double load. A double load. Hello, and it's monster of the girl who wants to be a media home and prefers it on top. Quibba, you want maw? Oh, it's lady. It's what I'll give you. She's got a book to me to that stand there. Nobody knows what about slandering out with a big scoop of mouth. Anyone to the left of manga love such a good Christian girl. You want a stranger's love. Fontippe again who she's hating. Political fontan to pontificating throughout on the floor and masturbating. A republicans can't keep hold. She's a better real listen. Oh, making liberal a dirty work. You know, in a mini-sterage show in Cameldo. And Colter knows what they can be. In a mini-sterage that spells this shade. So those rumors about John Kerry and the intern were star. I started by a roving maniac who planted it as one I'm hearing. Schwartz Negro heard to arrest San Francisco mayor. Oh, my God. A Christian legal group on Scalafore and you governor Arnold Schwarzenegger to arrest the mayor of San Francisco for issuing nearly 2,000 merge licenses to a homosexual couples in the finds of state law. The American Family Association Center for Law and Policy called Mayor Gavin Newsom's decision to oversee the nation's first officially sanctioned same-sex weddings Thursday and Err against done proving the radical homosexual movement will trample rights of all who stand in their way. That's right. We're going to just stamp on you. The AFA's law center wrote Schwarzenegger in a training general bill lock you on Friday and 60 the mayor not only violated civil law, but criminal law as well. Schwarzenegger in other state officials have remained mum, silent on the issue. The letter-sites California's penal code section as does that apply on words. Pino code section 115 which prohibits the knowing procurement of any false or forged instrument to be filed or recorded in any public office. The penalty for the felony of letter notes is up to three years in prison. The AFA says this means three years for each false certificate issued which sounds to me like about 6,000 years and that wouldn't satisfy them at all. The motion filed on behalf of the pro-family lobby group campaign for California families by the public interest firm's lively and accurate and liberty counsel we were of anything with the name of the word liberty in it. Present an irrefutable argument that Newsom and Clark Clark Nancy L. Farrow had no authority to read upon marriage and direct conflict with California law asserted the group's president General Council Matthews Staver as they attempt to stay off all of his factory in California. The rule of law will be restored in California Staver said the mayor and the clerk have no right to act as tarrants ruling San Francisco as their personal dictatorship. Well screw you buddy. To do it good that's pretty much it we got over 2600 probably 27. I haven't even checked it again recently and I have a couple of content keep those votes pouring in you got to 150 five on Friday to determine the big winner and do we make a thought and not see if I would have put the big push on 949. If I could have said we're going to put Georgia on the next five minutes believe you me that would have done it. In fact let's do extra five minutes let's go. Can't do that we got important fish to Friday maybe we got sports we got to mad we got the hopper we got the big at that NFL thing that I made we would all come by. Bye bye. I'm going through gamma scum like kids.