i love it he calls joe box out of bottom he grades getting reporting i get sin out and ill eat l excess glass going lightť and baby The whole gap. Today is the day in my heart, Your blood is driving me crazy. Today is the day in my heart, Today is the day in my heart, Today is the day in my heart, It seems open star on the highway Both decayed as Grudge on her muffy All over the street they did roam There they roam All that got to be after Both decayed Both that they'll be gone soon We've arrived in a scary place Nasty thing of it must They're all over the place To pay us I'm riding my car Up after fill up in more trash bags Both decayed as All over the East They're destructed on the phone In this station I'm taking these bugs I'm seeing more I'll be crying In this room in this station Come out and spray Give way to these things start dying What is it, fashion with hooking? I'm going to be a 16-second I'm going to be our guest 12 seconds away And here comes the power of the crash And all the lines we have All is heading for that We all have a chance to play And the secret will be over We'll be going We'll be going We'll be going We'll be going We'll be going Oh right Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Now see we can still play a drop And as long as you got a lot of noise in the back All right, I like that Noise, dead horn Are you going here more? Yeah I think that's either the horn Anyway How about those lightning? How even George has whipped up about that It's a Florida thing It's really not It's really not Because there's no connection between South Florida and Tampa But you know, well, latch on Well latch on for a few hours I was rooting for him Pretty heavy duty That was a it wasn't a really good game Because there were almost no shots But it was just so desperate And we're just clutching and grabbing and tackling And holding And just it was And then look how Valier Vinnie look how Valier What a play he made And Ruzeland fed a tank Oh, it's both goals and Regretions of the MVP The conspire trophy High school boys Hey And of course the Panther organization It brought in Rick Dudley Who was supposed to be the architect of the Tampa Bay franchise That went from obscurity to win the Stanley Cup And the Rick Dudley course Well, boats in and no more And anyway Speaking of side cages I don't think Florida's got side cages Do we? I haven't seen any But we have love bugs You love them Now you know I'm talking about We have no seams We have no seams We have love bugs in May and October Haven't you ever driven up like the Disney or Somewhere Herbie the love bug In May or October You don't know what love bugs are I don't know Oh my god You've got to be king me Oh my god Holy moly This man is living in Florida for the last 75 years He doesn't know what love bugs are Sure, it's going to be a lot of my windshield But I don't ask their names when they see it Oh, I see it so you do know what they are And that's one of the horrors of driving in this And May and October And our love bugs anywhere else I think Florida's Florida thing Kind of like buffalo toads What we do have that swamp Thanks again to the University of Miami From bringing those buffalo toads in from South America And some of them got off Hopped out of their cartons and out when they brought the plane And that's his story And they got out of the glades And he's there reproduce in like crazy That's why your dog's your dime Because the University of Miami Speaking of dying Here's the bad news from over there US soldiers serving in Baghdad Diet after collapsing while on guard duty The American military said yesterday The soldier in the first cavalry to very much consciousness Stop breathing while 11am on Sunday Soldiers death under investigation day time temperatures Already over 100 degrees in Iraq every day Two car bombs shook the northern Iraqi cities of Bakuba And Mosul today, killing at least 14 Iraqis And when you were soldier at least 120s people wouldn't even put 10 US soldiers The three attacked in hostages they've been released Aren't you excited about that? Yeah, that's good news Then you see all the three hostages have been released The Italians they agree Sponsored on our beat and curtain while it's given the poll result From yesterday first boy do we have a response on this or what? I have got I'm gonna tell you something Tell me even though about this one story This British rock star amoresy Right in who he is? Sure He formerly singer of But was his myths right Right Have you ever heard about this story but you were telling me? You were out, uh, mop in the floor or something While I found this, we'll get to it Got some heavy heavy duty stuff Since 1960, who do you think was our worst president? I would do the best president between 10 and New Year's Today for a couple of hours And Baba won hands down, Bill Clinton had over 62% of it W didn't barely register on a Richter's chair on that poll But contrary 17 every 91 votes on this poll Which is just shattering, it's just mind boggling Our worst president since the Eisenhower Bush 2 George W Bush 1243 votes 60 69.4% Abu Ghara Rabbhikis a disaster Including Morrissey by the way, wait for his comments What he did, all right Bush 2,245 Carter 1951, poor Jimmy Carter Little peanut farmer from Plains, Georgia I think he was from Aintree myself Ever see him in the beastlies together? Or the Benjo boy Clinton, that's a beastly Clinton 113 That's the Clinton vassures The Bubba vassures there are there out there Nixon 69 Reagan 57 Which again actually it's surprising Was that high considering all the nonstop coverage It's just going on? Be able to get it Oh brother And I hate to break the news to you But there's nobody in that casket Okay, oh no Nobody in there, it's just a dummy Oh no, I'm not going to I don't see I mean there are people still marching by But like You know what I mean? And why? And why are these punks? Why these kids walk in by? They're what they'll do They know about Ronnie Reagan They hurt stories They don't even have their Rolex watch and all They'll do that See that was the age of maturelism under Reagan When the poor were a bunch of bastards who were ripping off society And all the, you know, smaller government to him And not think of anybody Like Bush might just say The haves and the havalots They write Nixon 69, Reagan 57 is our worst LBJ 39 Ford 31, Jerry Ford Bush won Had But third man And JFK only 19 Of course we know that now those people speaking with Now let me just say this about that As JFK would say Okay I'm discovered here in the midst of an article that really I didn't think I would find anything about I got it here for another reason It's on our website and I'll get to it Works as cracks showing in GOP's Cuban Merck and Vase This is pretty interesting Maybe Muffin Clarits ought to be paying attention to this But I doubt it would probably be playing a grandmas in the hall Sports But the reason that the Spanish language stations are going up It's not because of a built-hanner conspiracy It's not because Arbitron can't find anybody who speaks English But I want you to listen to this one very short sentence Okay These two short sentences Ford is population with each shop And listen Florida's population is growing by more than a million since the last presidential election A six and a half percent increase from 2000 to July 2003 That could could transform the state's electric from April 2000 to July 2002 Nearly half those new residents were Hispanic according to the most recent numbers from the census bureau Did you know that? See very quietly Where are these people coming from? Not from Cuba No, South Americans Well, Latin Americans The other coming from Central America, South America Sure I've been following I've been following the next job in the Iraq War But anyway, I just thought I mentioned that So now we understand that the reason that the Spanish language station is The other is tremendous research and just soaring is because And of course the most recent Emmer grays, the most recent has managed to come in They certainly can't expect them to be a You know listening to English language stations, right? Right So we understand that as opposed to the old banana boat people from 44 years ago Who have no excuse anymore But just are really Unreliable On our speaking of very acceptable Charlize Tehran She's been under before but that picture today I'm that is flawless That is flawless If I were inclined I'd be sitting here with my nose right on it And the other client And I'm inclined I see Any mail listening to me right now or anywhere in the world Who takes a look at that picture behind our beaded curtain today on theorangers.com And doesn't want to be laying right there on that bed Right next to Charlize when he or it or by seven a morning I find it astonishing shocking If I could all I can say is You're gay Yeah, I just wanted to There you go Charlize Tehran I don't know Nobody needs an introduction But I didn't anyway because I'm just in the habit of doing this And there might be some people out there who don't know who she is But I find that very very difficult to believe Born August 7th, 1975 which makes her 29 As long as almost 29 Still 28 She's an African American She was born in Benoni South Africa grew up on a farm outside the Benoni is a child as a child Let's see movies coming up next year She's already got two class action and a on fruit See we talked about that Can't wait Hits in the clouds Hits in the clouds Oh, I go back in the name I just said something about that That's in post-production So that's coming out any moment Hits in the clouds Yeah Or just a slight movie right though What? A on Flux Okay I'm just making fun of I thought you were afraid to say it Flux? Okay I think you're going to be in this state of flux If you say it one more time Life and death of Peter Sellers Made for TV movie with Bradekland On her she paid Bradekland I say Good choice I guess Monster, what we know about that Did she when he asked her or something She won some award Keep it up The Italian job Waking up in Reno Oh, but he was pleased to hear that Trapped The curse of the Jade Scorpion She's been in a million things She's got a long long list for a young person Man, she's been around She's got a The legend of Bagger of Vance Now what was that? I feel like saw that No, you Luckily avoided it You would have remembered it Because it's a will Smith movie Oh, like I said I'm glad I missed that Yeah I thought all spies will say He will smell I hate the ground that he walks on I don't know why I just can't stand him He's such an arrogant Bastard See I would have said the terror I can't say that Children of the Corn Three She was in 1995 Well, a whole bunch of stuff Well, here he goes She was the best actress Some of these six animal academy awards Golden Globes She's been all over the place She'll be star on and there's a magnificent picture Behind a beaten curtain Fortunately Get to the good stuff after the break Here's the nays pool Because yesterday The worst president Cuts such a tremendous response How about the most over and not the worst But who's the most overrated Movie actor or actress of all time And we start with the very short list And we're not put Ronnie Reagan on there Because that would be almost in his bed Taste is the 85 articles I have today Ripping him an ass And exposing the real Reagan See this this idea that we all have to be All we have to be so respectful Why do we have to respect somebody That a lot of us didn't respect that we hated like poison And the answer is I won't And I don't Is they have been screwing Okay I hope the worms are already inside at box Who's the most overrated movie actor Maggers of all time John Wayne Marilyn Monroe James Dean Or Robert De Niro That's our short list and you can add to it as we go along I We got something big coming up today Join QAmen in the real yellow pages From Bell South to Saffronon Noon to one At A. Avenue to a power practice at care center Is just going to be in on that No, I'm not taking the bait this time Located at 20475 Viscayne Boulevard Stop by to pick up ticket Am I get a free adjustment over there Am I crack your back Jack On Nuna what an A. Avenue to a car Appractive care center 20475 Viscayne Boulevard Stop by to pick up tickets To an upcoming Marlins home game That's Nuna one today It should be a hoot My my my my And low This is for 3 of my Seeky 2 2 And Oh We back And on this is Joe ball On the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs And you're listening to the hockey Authority Neil God Oh Oh You might have heard the native switch A rock past A new president A song in a cup in there I hear this word out on the street Got a big surprise Waiting for this new government You're working on a car bomb To work in a car bomb To work in a car bomb Yeah Step inside and say bye to high The car bomb Maybe a night nimbled scene The car bomb here Oh These loyalists will hit your heart I reckon it'll place to be If you're some political star Get me in your car Ain't always cool So have this show Don't forget in first Don't you feel broken I'm a car bomb The working on a car bomb here Turn that teal his way And you're a car bomb You'll pass it in So let's watch out for all those car bombs Yeah Oh my god 1019 at 5.6.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00. 00.好不好.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00. .00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00. I mean, I can play the audio, but doesn't have the same pick as scene of the spritzly, the very innocent when he's playing golf. Oh, boxed this drive. Uh-huh, Abu Garravia. So anyway, Manchester music legend Morrissey sparked controversy when the announced Ronald Reagan's death live on stage during a concert and then declared he wished it was George Bush who would die instead. Thousands of fans had Dublin Castle and Ireland cheered when the ex-smits frontman made the announcement that the former American president who had battled with Alzheimer's disease at past away and an even bigger cheerf followed when Morrissey was no stranger to controversy, then said he wished it had been the current president George W. Bush who would die instead. Fan Tony Moore said he commented about the death of Ronald Reagan and when he said he wished it was George W instead, the crowd went went wild. Oh, Abu Garravia, they're not too well like that. I'll say the very least, okay? They've been on to them for a long time. Now this article here, I'm going to tell you right now, capital hill blue which I investigated this website, Eric found the article. I have no idea how, but thank you, Eric. This is not a left wing website or a right wing or anyway, you just ripped the hell out of Congress and the right in the left area, but he else wonder something to report they got it. This article is somewhat disturbing, wouldn't you say since I read it before? Yeah, how loud? Bush's erratic behavior worries White House Aides. President George W. Bush is increasingly erratic behavior in wide mood swings as the halls of the West Wing buzzing lately, as Aides proudly express growing concern over their leaders state of mind. Abu Garravia in meetings with top-hades administration officials, the president quotes from, are goes from quoting the Bible in one breath to have seen tantrums against the media Democrats and others he classifies as enemies of the state. W. White House Aides paid a portrait of a man on the edge, increasingly wary of those who disagree with him, and a paranoid of a public that no longer trusts his policies in Iraq or at home. It reminds me of the Nixon days as a long time CEO, people who are concerned with contacts in a White House, everybody is an enemy, everybody's time to get him, that's the mood over there. In interviews with the number of White House staffers who were willing to talk off the record of picture of administration under siege as emerged, led by a man who declares his decisions to be God's will, and then tells Aides to f-over anyone that considered to be an opponent of the administration. Red War, there's no doubt about it, but I don't know any more is just who the enemy might be, says one troubled White House aide, we seem to spend more time trying to destroy John Kerry than Al Qaeda, and our enemies list just keeps growing and growing. Aides say the president gets hung up on minor details, micro-managing to the extreme while ignoring the bigger picture. He'll spend hours personally reviewing and approving every attack and against his democratic opponent, and then kiss up a meeting on economic issues. This is what's killing us on Iraq one aide says we lost focus. The president got hung up on the weapons of mass destruction, and an unproven linked to Al Qaeda, we could have found other justifiable reasons for the war, but the president insisted the focus day on those two tenuous items. Aides who raised questions quickly find themselves shut out of access to the president or other top advisors, among top officials, Bush's inner circle is shrinking. Secretary of State Powell is falling out of favor because of his growing doubts about the administration's war against Iraq. The president's abrupt dismissal of CI director George Tenet wins the United's aid saying example of how he works. Tenet won it a quit last year, but the president got his back up and wouldn't hear of it says an aide, that would have been the opportune time to make the change not in the middle of an election campaign, but when the director challenged the president during the meeting wins day, the president cut him off by saying, that's it George, I cannot abide this loyalty, I want your resignation and I want it now. Tenet was a labor-resign voluntarily in Bush informed his shocked staff of the decision Thursday morning, one aide says the president actually described the decision as, God's will. God may also be the reason attorney general John Aschroff, the administration's lightning rod because of his questionable actions that critics argue threatened a freedom's granted by the constitution remains part of the power elite. West Wing staffers call Bush an Aschroff the blues rubbers because they're on a mission from God. The attorney general is tight with a president because of religion says one aide, they both believe any action is justifiable in the name of God. But the president who says he rules it to be asked of God can also tongue-lice those he perceives as disloyal calling them effing polls in front of the other staff, be rating one cabinet official in front of others and labeling anyone disagrees with him on patriotic or anti-American, that was effing polls. The mood here is that we're under siege, there's no doubt about it says one trouble, he would miss he's looking for work elsewhere and this administration you don't have to wear a turban or speak farcee to be an enemy of the US all you have to do is disagree with a president. I think like that little bit unsettling in it when you say killing little bit on the disturbing side I would say Abu Garra Red. Yeah, I'm the disturbed side. Yeah, I'm the disturbed side. Yeah, a little under the strife. See what's his name? John Aschroff has written Robert De Niro on there. It was his year choice. Oh, I forgot to tell him that's my bad. No, well I wrote the letter. He should have been number hopping right on it man. He should have been right on the edge of the seat. It's you do that or after that cover practical in the corner of the other. It's your choice. So far 25 votes, who is the most overrated movie actor, actress of all time, James Dean 11, John Wayne 9, Merlin, Merr. 5, that's the only three on her because I'm Ramlin. But I think it was pretty important Ramlin stuff so far. And there's only one call anyway. WQAM? Yeah, we take the Niro off the list and replace him with Kevin Kossner. Kevin Kossner is good. Okay. What do you mean we're taking him off the list? We're not taking him off the list. I told you I'd get some crap. He was great in his time, but lately he's made a lot of crap and he's become kind of like like you said a parody of himself. So we're at Kevin Kossner on here. I'm gonna change my vote. God, that's a good one. No, I can't stand Kevin Kossner. He's just so boring man. He's just he's terminal. He's kind of like the they've been boring of the silver screen. He should stick to directing and not be in his own movies. Who do they've been boring? Yeah. 26 past 10 at 5 60 WQAM. Hey, let me tell you about your feet right now. No matter how big or small they are, how big they smell. The place you want to take him is Brandy's in Pompano Beach because for years and years now Brandy's has been the place to go for top quality name brand shoes. It's unbeatable prices. The staff there knows your feet inside and out to the experts. You just don't wander around aimlessly in the store. And at Brandy's will find top quality names like rockport, floor shime, essay, as spary, Timberland naturalizer and lots more all the big names in the business. It would Brandy's humongous selection. You can just about bet most life on it. That whatever you're looking for, they got it in your size on the shelf right now. And fact people usually buy several piranids visit because the deals are so great. Brandy's is open daily Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9 some days to 5 and you'll find him at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. It's always worth the trip from anywhere in South Florida and just in time for FONOR's Day step up to floor shime. All great floor shime styles are 20% off right now so come into the store or check them out on the web at Brandy's shoes.com. Oh hello how is there? Now one secret government agency welcome to the federal community. Do you think a bad black man has been called upon? Just stand and catch that. You must put your hands on the pants of the woman that's in the house and you'll be the night. Well guess what here's some good news. Janet Jackson's nipples slip and Bono's award show expert is notwithstanding the prospects for any serious legislation clamping down on broadcast in these these in C seem to be fading. All right. While the House representatives in March passed a bill by a photo 391 to 22 a staggering vote that would greatly increase the financial penalties on broadcasts as far to a violated so-called standards of decency the Senate after some early blustering seemed to be losing interest. According to the New York Times, measure approved by the Senate Commerce Committee is yet to be scheduled for discussion by the full body. One reason for this delay in bringing the bill to the Senate floor is the slim majority held by Republicans who may not want to invest too much political capital on such a divisive issue. Additionally, the Senate version of the anti-Indecency legislation contains some highly controversial provisions including one that would seek to curb violent content on television not just sex and swearing that the House bill explicitly avoided. Plus, the issue of the war in Iraq, especially the prisoner of Buesskandle, Abu Gharr, has overshadowed the Super Bowl half time shown there's some concern on capital Hill that politicians who push too hard on the decency issue maystray risk appearing to have their priorities out of whack the time said no kidding, this looks like a cheap day to me observed Charles Cook the editor of the Cook Political Reporting on partisan political newsletter, you come out from other Apple Pie and decency and you know it's not going anywhere. Well put, right? Who ever wants to come out for a decency for a smut for all those terrible things all those words? Yeah, a filth. Jean Heckman, somebody says now you see it's not important whether we agree or disagree because a lot of these sockets for our poll today will disagree with, but Jean Heckman, I'd like Jean Heckman a lot, I think he's one of the great actors of all time. But what do I know? I might be a moron for example. What do you want to do? What's important is that we spend five minutes arguing about each and every entry. No, I don't have five minutes argue about each and every one of you. I got too many fish to fry today. I got a lot of heavy-duty stuff. A lot of reading to do. It's a good thing that my blood sugar was nice and low this morning and I'm very articulate and my tongue is not wrapped around the corners of my teeth, et cetera. You have those days, you know. Sure, what does the fifth? There you got it, a sore. James Dean's got 21. No, I don't have a sore, maybe you have a sore. It sounds like a trippy to me sometimes. Sounds like a oral syphilist to me. James Dean 21, John Wayne 16, Merlin Monroe 11, Kevin Costa 9 and Robert DeNero's got one. Only one and that was your vote, right? Right. Well, so blame it on George if you were pissed off of a Robert DeNero being on list of people. But I understand the point. In fact, I would also put on there and people would get really crazy about this. But if you want to put on people who become peri-s and themselves and have done anything good in a long time, how about Al Pacino? Right. I'm not going to say the Al Pacino. Well, I just didn't even say Robert DeNero. I'll say Al Pacino, okay? Absolutely. Oh, my God. No, that's what I'm saying. I know when we're in the frame of you go for my heart. In fact, I think it started with that set of a woman crap. Oh, man. That I think you need to see that someday. Just to appreciate how bad it is if it's raining on a Saturday and nothing else is on all the way. Yeah, if it's like the end of the world or something like that. Now, what is this? Florida's Latino vote in 2004, somebody just factions something that's holding there. Everybody's got a pool. So to speak. Can I say that anymore? Everybody's got a bush and Florida partly and respond. What does end the end? I don't know what that is. Huh? I don't know. Oh, well, that would help. The end the end's great Spanish language and campaign partly response to shifting demographics. Cubans born in Cuba, Bush 80, Kerry 12, Cubans born in the US, Bush 33, Kerry 54. Well, what kind of a pool is that? You're only talking about the 150 people. What the heck? Well, pool is that Jesus got on the radio percentages. Are we? Does have the thing about population growing? Huh? Are those not percentages listed there? Oh, I see. Well, it doesn't say that. It doesn't. I just thought that this was a little like I said. This is a great fact. Thank you so much. I don't know. It's just the way it's written. I mean, look at it. You see what it looks like. Those are numbers. If it's an order of five percentages, Cubans now it has some great significance. Like I said, Cubans born in Cuba, Bush 80% Kerry 12%, why doesn't it say that for Christ's? And Cubans born in the US, Bush 33%, Kerry 54%. Oh, great. Right. Now that's a see times are a change in. So the programming, the brainwashing, a taken in. Well, that's because the people who come from Latin America, they are part of that feed. They don't hit all of that crap. You know, come on. These are that's all in the past. They don't care about the feed. Just they remember Nicaragua. I guarantee if you took a poll in Latin America, about Ronald Reagan, they wouldn't be liking someone too. See, get a more clear. Take a poll down where and Grenader see how they're doing with the old hand Grenada. Florida's population has got the same line in here as grown more than a million since last election. 6% increase. Nearly half of those new residents were his spanic, no spaghetti in glaze, pick it up, body, pick it up, body, man. As a matter of fact, I think that puts me right over the edge right now. Okay, I think that convinces me. Format change. It's the first part that keeps on under doing English language. Spot, that's bad. Well, I'll get back to it. But it's a brasspot. You'd be pleased about that. So, how do you like that? There you go. Let's get a lot of that see a cruise crap on here. All right, let's get to some of these polls. Get some names on some of these call. WKWM, hello. Yeah, you're so easy to poll. Yes, sir. Julia Roberts. Julia Roberts, a lot of people can't stand her. Okay. Thank you so much. I mean, I liked you. You're Robert just fine. But I thought sleeping with the enemy was great. You didn't like them when we did yet. No, I liked it. Fine. Did you? I've seen it a whole bunch of times. I think it's great. How's it going to work? You're in that movie? Ha, he's been in a million things that I could ever think of as a dude. He was really good. Queen William Charles. Uh, William hung. He should be. Why after that? And then when he showed up again the nursing home with her mother, that part, man, that was, that was really something. That would be a QA, and hello. Hi. New Rogers was just reading an article about the Radic Behavior of Bush. Right. I don't want to know the source of that. It's from capitalillblue.com. Right. Is that also on his website? It's on today. It's a lead story. Okay. Thank you very much. Sure. So, lead story. Thanks, Eric. Eric founded. I have no idea how he founded, especially with a stomach like that, but he found it. But in any way, in fact, here's another one. Bush knew about League of CIA operators' name. We'll get to that too. Also from capitalillblue. We better put a link to that website on there. You know what? I don't want to create too much work now. I don't want to push him a little bit too far. Then I'll hand the keys to the kingdom over to Josh, which is long overdue by the way. WQAM, hello. I don't want to add on. I'm in critical. Yeah. What is it? Canoes. Deloise? Canoes. I don't canoes. Okay. Deloise canoes. Canoes. Same person, by the way. He looks lovely with that dress on. Canoes. Very good. I was a little himco here. He probably had a pada. I don't know. A pot. Maybe just an ounce. Huh? He had a pot. He had a pot to appear. Well, as matter fact, Josh Beckett will be over before the game. Oh. Canoes despised by many. I still say he was really good as to fill in that one movie that I can never think of the name of. See, that's what I see. It's not a question of just getting old. That's a big part of it. The Alzheimer's runny, but it's also the, uh, you've seen so many of these Dan Reisen who can keep one separate from the other. They start to get it. It's just like that thing about Sigourney Weaver and Ali and I still say the I still say that Dan think came pop it out of her, you know. And the Ali and two. Maybe I'm thinking of it different movie. Maybe it was like Debbie does Dallas I'm thinking of. 21 before 11. How's it coming so far? We didn't got a few names on there. It's building. We're building it nice and slow. Paul Belongous. Come on. You can do a pali. Pull the mill here. It's bar. He'll be here. He's one of my all-time favorites. 85 votes James Dean 28 John Wayne 22 Kevin Costner 18 Maryland Monroe 16 the most overrated actor actress of all time movie actress. He's we said movie, you notice Robert to narrow one none yet for Jean Hackman Al Pacino, Julia Roberts a canterweave. Reisen I said movie actor actresses because that leaves the rope and for doing like TV kind of a person. Right. See? Oh, but what if we were a move? 24 11 at five 60 that would have looked no matter what we do you know there's always going to be OG. All the nippers that are like yesterday. We had like two or three nippers well technically you know and how come you didn't understand those were percentages on that poll before you moron? Because I'm at stupid jerk okay? I'm at moron idiot. I'm a fool like radio like we have time to discuss and dissect and yeah, we're fast QAM staff sports nerds including the big old bitch you don't know nothing about horse racing we just like so many of a big yapp. I never I never turn this thing on and I mean here are the send the earth stories on a website but I happen to open it up last night the pot and about 10 to 10 and there was the big oh and some call or some ask is her was on her. Oh and they were ripping you all day because of the stupid things you said about the horse race and you don't know anything about a new admitted and I know nothing about horse racing and my my my my my my my my when it comes to football and the guy was just licking and licking and licking one of my said most call is the talk shows all they want to do is eat a one thing and appreciate themselves or take a cheap shot that's all one of the other everything else is in between in the middle but that's the overwhelming majority of people are called these stupid ass talk shows is either the lowest suck up oh you're the greatest thing I ever heard or you saw you know what was something like that and quite frankly I would have rather heard a call or say to Orlando you suck big terrible you know nothing your horses asked but a lot more fun anyway let me tell you about Charles Alfie or it's no fun when your hair starts falling out some guys that really 20 start losing it like Tom Brady for example he may have two championship rings on his fingers but he ain't got too much hair on his head although he can probably afford to go to chuck out here I would think you don't have to be a millionaire to do that for more than 35 years Charlie's been a top uh name and a business of getting hair back on your head he's been on good morning America the today show CBS morning news and back when I think of Tom Brady the word head immediately comes into my mind Charlie's got the most amazing natural headline system you'll find anywhere the most critical area of any her system is that hairline and Charlie's new skin like her system most like the real thing it's 100% undetectable and Charlie gives you this guarantee tries her system for but for the man's and after a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting more action then you can even handle return it for a full refund no problem at all Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems including shampoo and trim so don't delay call Charlie it ain't look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again forget about those dangerous pills and all these other schluck mice do so trying to pedal you a big song and dance Charlie is the best in the world when it comes to getting your hair back for you call toll free 1 800 321 2413 that's 1 800 321 2413 or long another website at CharlesFairie.com But it's cool, but it's sad. I've got the perfect man. Oh, yeah. Every week on a I met so red headed guy named John Seed. My name is John Seed. Makes every dog in cat-house, Because he's so flat-pour, John Seed. My name is John Seed. Every note that comes out his throat, And then they'll be wrote, why the hell is he still there? I'm a crewman. Every song seems an hour long, Every tune is wrong, he's so bad at sight, man. Ooh, I'm the only one to hear him. He's so pale-pasty, why he's transparent at night that John Seed. Ooh, I'm the only one to hear him. He can't sing, he can't dance, there's no freak out why he should have been. I'm a little round, but only a fun job to do. But that week after we pass that car, It's not easy, still singing. I appreciate it, but it's all getting good, Take years, cause my poor bleeding is still ringing. Her face is ringing, I'm a screw. 1047 at 5.60 WQM, Most overrated after somebody says rock Hudson. He died by the way in 1985. I looked it up, because I'm out of the find out when Reagan was finally able to break his silence on AIDS and could actually bring himself to say something. 1985, he was an office, so let's see, Since January of 81, it took him four and a half years. Before he could finally even utter the word. But one of his people from Hollywood die from AIDS, all of a sudden he became this great, well kind of like marginal. And most overrated actress, Ratkelle Welch. Okay, we're talking about acting in both of the I would assume. Right, correct? Acting. Speaking of actors, Bad actors Bush knew about League of CIA operatives name. Also from Capital Hill Blue. Witnesses told a federal grandeur, a president George W. Bush knew about and took no action to stop the release of a covert CIA operatives of name to a journalist and then attempted a scripted or husband, a critic of administration policy and a rack. Their damning testimony is prompted Bush to contact an outside lawyer for legal advice, because evidence increasingly points to his involvement in the leak of covert CIA operative, Valerie Plains name to syndicate the Communist Robert Novak. This is right in line with that first article we had from Capital Hill's blue, you know, he'll be for. The moves suggested the president anticipates being questioned by prosecutors sources say grand jury witnesses have implicated the president and his top advisor Carl Roe. That sounds like a very distinct violation of law to me, a grotesque violation of law. It sounds like impeachment all over again. Oh, hey. Doesn't it? Yeah. White House spokesman, however, dismissed the hiring of outside council as a routine precaution. The president has made it very clear. He wants everyone to cooperate fully with the investigation that would include himself White House. Hmm, press secretary Scott McClullon said Wednesday night, he confirmed that Bush had contacted Washington attorney Jim Sharp. And the event the president needs it as a vice, I expect he probably would retain him a clone, so there's no indication Bush has been questioned yet. A federal grand jury is questioned numerous White House administration officials to learn who leaked the name of CIA operative claim. Wife a former ambassador Joseph Wilson to the news media Wilson had charged that officials made the disclosure and effort to discredit him. Bush has been an outspoken critic of leaks saying they can be very damaging, but has expressed doubt that the government's investigation will pinpoint who is responsible. While Bush has said he welcome the leak investigation, it's been an awkward development for president who promised to bring integrity and leadership to the White House after years of Republican criticism and investigation to the Clinton administration for those jobs. Even though he was in his White House council, Bush has dependent on outside lawyers for private matters, a memo distributed to the staff last year reminded officials that the council's office worked solely for the president and his official capacity and is not a private attorney for anyone. It speaks for itself that the president initially claimed he wanted to get to the bottom of this, but now he suddenly retained a lawyer said, General Cabrera spokesman for the Democratic National Committee, Bush shouldn't write the country through grand jury's illegal maneuvering president Bush would come forward with what he knows and come clean to the American people. Playing was first identified by syndicated Congress and TV commentator Novak and a con-lines July Novak said his information came from administration sources. Wilson has said he believes his wife's name was leaked because of his criticism of Bush administration claims that Iraq had tried to obtain uranium from Niger, which Wilson investigated for the CIA and found out to be untrue. The disclosure of an undercover officer's identity can be a federal crime, the grand jury has heard from witnesses and come through the thousands of pages of documents turned over by the White House, but return no indictments yet. The probes being handled by Chicago U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald appointed after Attorney General John Ascroft stepped aside from the case because of his political ties to the White House and God. Wilson has suggested in the book that the leaker was Lewis Scuder Libby, chief of staff to vice president Cheney. But Wilson's book the politics of truth gave no conclusive evidence for the claim, the White House denied the claim and accused Wilson of seeking to bolster the campaign to John Kerry for whom he's acted as a foreign policy adviser. Wilson also said it's possible they came from Elliott Abrams, a figure in the Reagan administration Iran Comfort affair and now a member of Bush's national security council. On speaking of those people from back in the Reagan days, they had the hoods but put that piece of crap Paul Wolfowitz on there and he was waxing Elk and about his days when he was doing dirty needs for the Reagan crowd. Paul Wolfowitz, how do you like that? Enough to make me gag. And Roe Bush's chief politically adviser may have circulated information about Wilson and Plain in the administration and he will conserve his circles, even if Roe was not himself the leaker Wilson wrote. Another possibility is that two lower level officials in Cheney's office, John Hannah, or David Wormser. Rounds with Mumser, leaked claims identity at the behest of high-rucks to keep their fingerprints off the crime Wilson speculated, sources with the investigations haven't points to Roe of approving release of the leak. Oh let's y'all spec it know what time it's happening. The end of their investigations suggest a person knew about Roe's actions but to know action to stop release of claims they, which makes him of course the guilty party. And in a petrival offense, a high-crime of federal crime, how do you like that? I just mention these things in passing. 560560, pound-560 on the AT&T in Verizon, Marles Lund, who is the most overrated movie actor actress of all time, that's our poll question in the on theorages.com, along with the lovely Shirley Stunnell. And, that link to a Michael Morris Furnit 911 movie trailer which is coming out, don't forget soon to reach from this Friday Friday June 25. WDQA and hello. I'm people guard. I'm people guard. A lot of people saw. I want to change my vote. Oh yeah, a lot of people think that he was much to do about nothing. He was great in the cameo need to make no mistake about it, right? Excellent. African queen wasn't that. Yeah. In fact, Greg said that if he could borrow those steel balls, he might kind of like emulate him. Running around the building, trying to find out who he is, who the mole is. You know, he's probably seeing some of those things. WDQA and hello. Hello? Yes sir. Oh hang on. Got a lot of machines on here. Sorry. Okay. We've got other way to the radio and the delay. Do you sound fine to me? I don't hear any of that. Well I'm not going to hard time hearing you up. The level on the on the. Okay. What do you got for us, Sally? Okay. I have a question about yesterday's poll. What were the results? Because I need to laugh this morning. What were results? We've got 69.4%. There you go. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. You got a little chuckle out of that. Nice to charge. Alright. That was excellent. I see you're not going to call her. That was good. I did a pubic service for that guy. Yeah. The crap that's going out in the world all the depressing stuff going on around us. With smarty jones getting noseed out there in a bellmont. We have to have something that we can be positive about that. We can wrap our legs around and say, Hey, this is really great. And he got a good chuckle out of it. Not a big chuckle. Like that. How do you like that? I like that. He might be he might like this too. MTV to cut shot of Eminem exposing Beckham is weird. This is part of the atmosphere. Can't show no rear. Especially if you're queer. Well, he ain't queer. We hope. Because we don't want him. At least me. Eminem's moon has been a clip. Is what it says here. MTV plants to cut a shot of rapper exposing his rear end. Beckham to the audience at the 2004 movie Awards when the show's broadcast this Thursday at 9 p.m. A network representative confirmed MTV already had enough problem. They had their hand in that booby problem with Janet Jackson and Justin Thickerbell. The last thing they want to do is start showing Beckham ass on the ear now. Eminem will perform to the Saturday and at a taping with his group D12. If a period on stage dressed in a long red wig and jeans, and a parody of Guns and Rosa Singer Axel Rose, he repeatedly groped and flashed a stuttered con piece in front of the cameras. Oh, he stole that from Clockwork Orange. Okay, yeah. He repeatedly groped and flashed a stuttered con piece in front of the cameras and a thousand people in the live audience. Toward the end of the performance he pulled out his trousers and flashed his bare back him ass at the audience. Representatives for MTV, which was planned for producing, see her at his Janet Jackson Super Bowl half-time performance, immediately said an Eminem's act would be sanitized for broadcast, possibly by blurring out his- Lectom ass. Ultimately, the producers toasted it out as we were all together. The network said on Monday, Eminem's representatives didn't immediately return a call for comment when asked by the AP. How do you like that? So now we have an ass contract. At times first it was bullbies now it's asses. And I'm really curious about one thing because we've all seen those ads for like diapers and pamperies and how would it have like babies bottoms, you know, little babies run around naked. How old do you have to be before you're too old to show your ass on ear? About 30 men. Uh, 150. Uh, 150. Is that it? Yes. Unless you're at least 150 years old, we can't show your ass naked on TV. So if you're like under the age of, uh, but where's the cut off? You're grown from the wrong angle. You've got to understand the wrong end from the wrong, uh, from the, uh, from the, uh, ass end. Now there was up to up to what age can you still show the, uh, ass before you start deciding that it may be a little bit over the line. That's reasonable to me. Dippers. Plus who wants to see some 50 year or, you know, some 50 year old, Pimpley Nancy, you see? Total. 10, 56 at 5, 60, WQM. If you're still nervous about buying your better with the phone because it's a major purchase. Let me tell you have no fear because dollar mattresses here. I've been doing it for years for over 25 years. Midians as smart people have died 1,800, MATT, RES because they know they're getting the lowest prices on the best brands in betting. It's the smartest way to get to a great night's sleep for a long time to come. There's no risk at all because if it's not perfect in every way, just call it back for a full, comfort exchange. It's completely free within 30 days. God, sorry man. No extra fees, no strings attached. Dile mattresses right number one a customer satisfaction. And we're winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torts of excellence award. When you call 1,800 mattress, you'll get the best prices on the best brands with delivery on your schedule when it's convenient for you when that 2 hour window you pick. And the best customer service in the business, so why would you waste any of your time and gas, slip and from showroom to showroom? Why be all far blinged in this heat? Dile mattresses has to exceed or disagin for it. Dile mattresses has the complete line of ceiling, served a King Coral Simmons temperedic and Stewards in Banana's Foster. From Candlestor Palm Beach to Ford Myers, Dile mattresses will deliver you the finest betting anywhere. But you have to do that one easy call. That's all you have to do. Pick up that phone and dial 1,800 mattress. 1,800, MATT, RES or do what I'm lying at Macros.com. This is for 20-50. 2 AM. Ward, not as pedophile. It's the movie we've all been waiting for. Clad, thing. As a gladiator, it's Troy. The classic story of, well, it's based on the epic poem by, Oh, who cared that Brad Pitt and a gladiator of that. I am a kiddie. And now we must engage in hot sweat and men on men combat action. Charge! This is the work of kidding, but they're saying about Troy. Let's read, called it, the field might self-hit of the summer. Let's read, said, past me that's Rogian's honey. And in the words of Rex Raid, if you see only one, homeowner, Roddy Clad, either movie this year. See, Troy. Man, attack from the rear. It's once given in leather skirt, that your Achilles heel, then writes to us the internet, you just see Brad Pitt as you always wanted to see him in Troy. Troy is a great honor. I'm 200 thermalers of Tacomarcha, which is known as the C.D. Lagoes. A wonderful sanctuary of the old Sancturals. The key every hour we're going to do is just for a few seconds. The best panel on there that the rest of us have no idea what we're saying. And then boom, it be the way for you to need was it like that. And then that way, it'll be like a magnet. For our new Hispanic friends who are just coming to South Florida for Honduras, and you got to go on, Brazil, and, uh, hey, we could tell Southore. Why? We could teach English as a second language. Right, because South Florida is a second language. Oh, this is a beer. And then you just use a third language. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Who is the worst, the most overrated, now worse, the most overrated movie actor actress of all time. John Wayne, that was my vote and he's leading 44 for the Duke. Couldn't act as a part of a paper sack. There's only one group of people in America who are just obsessed with John Wayne. Red necks. The Duke. I thought you were going to say Republicans. Red necks. Well, is there a difference? No. Red necks. John Wayne 44, James Dean 44, only made three freaking movies for crying out loud. They made him in like a big cult hero. What's that all about? Pussy Smeld Bad. Kevin Costner 38. Yeah, he was, I guess, James Dean didn't use the soap a lot, because he was a pretty drop it. Oh, speaking of that, he had a Reese 27. Maryland, Monroe 25, Julia Roberts 15, and then way down to Al Pacino's got a pair. And he wouldn't have any. If a watchman, the fact that he said, TOOL BAH! One time too many. Gene Hackman, one Robert DeNero's got only one. That's George's. Rock Hudson won. Out of 190 votes and Raquel Wilson, hungry boger, it's so far, I've got the big. Oh, we'll have lost more. I'm sure. It doesn't send dozens of zillions, right? Right. Tell me to QAM, hello. Hey, Uncle Neal. Yes, sir. I'd say John Wayne, because every movie is any talk to the same. Even as Ganges caught. The Duke. I think I was Ganges' Connie, talked like that. The Duke. He's a piece of crap. He's dead though, so we can't get to the Duke, no more. In fact, I think of the Duke, I often think of Ronald Reagan. Mm-hmm. A lot of similarities. A lot of similarities. There be, well, Duke wasn't in big, great movies. He was in, you know, bigger movies, but he couldn't write it all. And, uh, right wing about his right wing, you can get. Stay to mind. The whole deal. Never saw him at the Ransfield House. Tell me a QAM, hello. How you doing, then? Okay. What about Ronald Reagan? He was your pretty bad actor. Yeah, but he was never rated good actor by anybody. See, the overrated is the question. But nice trying. And not only that. Don't be knocking out for Ronnie while everybody. Look at that. There's the coffin right now. Yeah, don't knock on the bottom. Like you see, that he left behind and said a path to the American future, you know, something that's going to fake my life. Oh, what a joke. What a freak into. What are these punks doing out there? How do parents must have dragged him along? Where are these young punks? Let's see. He was president from 80 to 88. Okay. It's like 16 years as a ZAB8, right? And here's a punk that's like 25 years old. What does he know about Ronald Reagan and his legacy? Okay. You idiots. You morons. You quizlings. You know, it's the flamingo effect. One all over again. Like when they blow to whistle at higher lear, they used to be for Bernetti destroyed the track. They used to blow to whistle at higher. The flamingo is what all goose step over because they knew it was feeding time. It's March and time. Maybe put on them boots and goose step. Come on. You can do it. That's it. My God. What is wrong with people? But he was a movie actor. And he talked. He was very clip. You know. And see. Mommy. Is it not time yet, mommy? Five, six, seven. The only thing that he ever said. And this is the freaking truth. That made any sense to me was. What a oily Asian image of that. I would have to agree with. And finally yesterday we put a sure George came out of the closet admitted that Rick Rally was a jerk. Come at a QAM. Hello. Yes. I want to add a name. Yes sir. Get the elephant. Presley. Elvis Presley. Boy, he made some pretty crappy movies. Oh my God. The crap. Makes sense. Okay. See him. You're unfair to Elvis. I want to say that again. No. It was. See the one thing is music in. And it's time. He's like, it was fun. It was fun. It was fun. It was fun. It was fun. It was fun. It was fun. But his movies. Even in their time. They still suck. They were brutal. So where's the Hawaii? And whatever else. And they're all the same. And they're all crap. Some will put Elvis on there. The King, which will give you a chance to bash Elvis a little bit. Are you relentless. Elvis. Let's go to Graceland. Yeah. What's going on with a Reagan with a casket right now? And it's the same as the people that slept at Graceland. I don't see any difference at all. The hero worshipers. Oh gosh. Elvis. Those people. We need. We need to be protected from those people. And you'd say, well, what about the religious notes? I don't see much difference because it's the same as the same concept. It's just. Oh. Can I ask you a question since you were born a Catholic for about five minutes? And then we went through all the other crap until I was nine. The Catholic part of it is how many times you need to cross yourself to make sure you've done the right thing. But third man. I mean, if I have to see Arnold and Maria Schreiber crossing themselves at the casket as they like wobbled away, what was that? Did you see that? No. She must have crossed herself about a half a dozen times. I guess just to make sure. Well, I guess. Bitch. I got the explanation as far as Catholics go. Yeah. Because it's all, you know, pergatory and deeds in a matter of degrees with them. So the more you cross yourself, the less time you spend in pergatory. Oh, you're like, put dry. Right. That's why he crossed himself a lot and got out of Florida. Right. That's why he's by. But if anyone up in Detroit so goes to show you, maybe cross it. Or what you ask for because you might just get it. You don't. Chris Cross. Oh, I can't stand Chris Cross. WCWM. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Could I have no Gibson to your pole, please? Now Gibson is faint. You can see you don't have to ask me, man. I put him right there on top. Thank you so much. Mel Gibson. That's all I got one word for him. If that's a word. Oh, speaking of a Josh Stan's stupid things. Now this is a guy really like, but why do we have to be politically correct? Poor Bill Parcell. You got to sympathize with the fact guys, right? Right, Josh? Yeah, sure. Nobody don't like Bill Parcell. Do they? Oh, we're lucky. He's a likeable guy, but he apologized Monday for calling the surprise Plays used in practice, Jape Plays. Samely remark was inappropriate. Okay. The Dallas Cowboys coach was talking to reporters. That the team's mini camp of honor was quarterback's coach and defensive coordinator. Try to about do each other when he made the comment and a pair of reference to Japan's 1941 sneak attack on Pearl Harbor. You got to keep an eye on those two because they're going to try to get the upper hand Parcell said about Sean Peyton and Mike Zimmer. Mike wants the defense to do well and Sean, he's going to have a few. Notice we expect for the Oriental's. But what we call Jape Plays. Okay, surprise things. Why is everybody have to make politically correct even Junior say how it is. Faggot common. Who cares? I mean, do we even know if anybody complained about that line? Well, I'm going to get to that. You relax. All right. A Kirakubam, Musima, a big party. A Kirakubo, Musima, the editor of Japan's American football magazine was in the room, but said he wasn't offended. I don't believe some people would be. He also said he was surprised more by the reaction of other reporters than the comment. There's a lot of chance for some of you feel offended. He said to me it was no big deal. So we had the right altitude, right? No big deal. No thing. I heard from now on they're going to call them Indian plays. Cowboy spokesman, Rich Dowren, Polypologize, and behalf of the organization in Parcell's Later issued a statement. I made a very inappropriate reference in all the way. Preface did with a remark. No disrespect to anyone intended. It was still on call for an inconsiderate parcell said for that. I apologize to anyone who may have been offended. He's a apologizing. Just like Arnold apologize, I was women that he grope. He's going to investigate. Oh, he changes mind. He's not going to investigate it after all. Could now he's determinated to the governor. In fact, the whole thing with Reagan and Arnold being there. It's so I see such stark scary similarities, you know what? Although at least the one thing with Arnold is at least so far. He isn't having his strings controlled by the ultra-right wing Republicans. Far as we can see. Like Reagan was boy, he was there darling man. He was the beginning of what we got now. He was the beginning of the fascist era in America. But you can't say that. Or just wait till I get these 85,000 articles here, I'm ripping Reagan and ass. And I'm going to read each and every single one of them. All right. He's 50,000 of them. Tony, you know, setting the record straight. So that people like these punks that are out there at the casket because it's a happening. It's something to do. A tiska task it. Let's go see the casket, you know. What kind of crap is that? WQA and hello. Jesus Christ, Neil. Yes, sir. 35 minutes on hold. How could you have been a hold? I have a hold ringing the phone ringing. Okay. Okay. Thank you, sir. Hello? Yes. Yeah. I don't know if you've heard it, but if you've heard about those calls, I got a call yesterday at home. And I answered it said, I don't know number. I answered it anyway. And it was a recording. This is John Kerry. You know, asking if you'll make a contribution to the campaign press 1 and press 2. And then press 3 was, you know, as you can go for us. I just press 3 and then I don't know. But I never seen a call or heard of something like that, where they did like telemarketing for the president. Well, I guess you've been blessed. Anyway, on the poll thing, anybody who will take Gene Hackman or Robert Daniel or overrated or before, even though I love George and every other way. But he's a phone. At times he can be a phone. We can all be before in the times. And he's a little bit a phone read there. I understand. I understand what he's saying because I agree with him. The dinner or the last many years now, he's done this. He's always the same. You know, he does a lot of crap. Then real garbage. I disagree. You don't think so. No, for me, the poll house in Ford. Ooh. All right. Like Harrison Ford. No, overrated. Okay. Thanks, Paul. No, okay. Vote five times, please. I just agree with everybody. Well, I had a two, but then this is their opinion. I don't know. I just think you played on there. This is great. I love this pool. Yeah. Who was the most he can disagree with Robert's and hero. I can disagree with the Harrison. I agree with Robert and hero. I haven't been back any up on this one, which I really do because it's more fun not to. Right. It just, you know, I understand what you're saying. Just like I'm saying, Patino. Al Patino has made so many great movies. But on the other hand, he's made a lot. And not just recently, he has made stickers. But cruising, for example, what kind of a pilot Schmidt was that? Gay. And he admitted later on after he made the movie that he was sorry that he got sucked into that. Think if I can say that. He just did. It was garbage. Yeah, it was. And it was a tool, if I can say that. But the enormous hatred and stereotype. But at any rate, that was garbage. But, and he's made, what was the one I was talking about that I saw a couple of months ago here that I never seen before the streets in New York or something like that? What was that? I don't know. Oh, my god. He was doing the godfather three all over again. And always shouting. And always going, I mean, of course, and just as for all was great. And phenomenal. Spectacular. The godfather's part's one through a hundred. Do what they? I think they ought to fear you. Right. But when you see that, when you see sensible, when he, and that's somebody gets the Oscar for that cause the show. Yeah, screwed up that whole deal is he makes all these great movies never gets you bored. He makes a piece of crap like the set of a woman, which is just embarrassing. I always wanted to see a blind guy grabbing a Ferrari through the streets in New York. Wow. 1113 at 5.60 WQM with a heat of summer here now and believe you me, it's boiling. Is it raining there? What? Not yet. There was going to be here today, 90. And 92 tomorrow. Anyway, now's a great time to get out of the car. You've been driving and getting into a great new Toyota from Armstrong, Toyota of homestead. You'll find among US 120 minutes off of the 36th and it's worth going all the way down because they're going to save you so much cash. Thousands and thousands on great new Toyota was rising gas prices. Maybe you want to car with more fuel economy. Like the legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 1190 or least it for just 209 a month. Need a great Toyota for that college or high school grant. How about the Toyota Echo? These price did just 190 9. Need a truck? The V6 Toyota Tundra regular camp can be yours for just 2039 a month. Looking for the hottest new cars around, check out the Corolla XRS and Solarorquinverteble. Now in stock waiting for you at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. They're local owned and operated. They'll do just about anything under the sun to make you a happy customer. In fact, their service department is even open late till 8. We're going to make sure they get all your service worked on free and on time. Armstrong Toyota of homestead was the first dealer to offer free tires and batteries for life. And now even go on one step further. Though the first to offer free replacement parts for life. That's right. Tires batteries and free parts for life. It is positively. Unbelievable. So forget about waste and not your gas and time. It was big car dealers with their screaming car spots on radio. Who gets in their dealership under phony pretenses and always let you down. See you guys who will never let you down. We'll make you the deal of a lifetime. David Rich. The GM and Armstrong Toyota homestead for non-beatable deal. Armstrong Toyota homestead. They're going to save you a ton on that great new Toyota. They're just 20 minutes south of the 836 and you'll love them. Rhyme and local. We're sports radio 560's. You a-m. Did he track it or did he cock it? He's a-m. By aiming. Strip the wind. And go in a round. A set moving star. Doing something weird. The dribbled you didn't get in the by itself. And shut it up and have that trip over us. The rich out here. Approved into me. He said, way. From my picnic. When your love life is still there's no need to suffer. Just head down to the pet shop for another. Come on and do more richer here. Rich out here. Rich out here. Rich out here. Rich out here. Rich out here. Rich out here. Everyone else. Have we worked on League U fatto a-m? And they wanna be happy now. What I really didn't expect to have the V4. In fact, this hamster that he's got there probably ought to have its own name. Got Richard here on there? Good. Get it down. Now here is a fact that I really appreciate from Chip, who says, and didn't I tell you? Yeah. And George gets all the credit I guess because you found a picture, right? Right. The B did come to the A's, the best damn picture that's ever been on there. Like I said, it's the best God picture that's ever been on there. Bar none. Good work guys, and James Dean bites the big one, but not anymore. James Dean, I've been trying it for a long time. I didn't see the big guy there. I forgot it. And all the hype for years I heard about it. For me, three movies. I'll say it again. Rebel with a lot of cause. Each division and a giant. Okay. And from what I'm here in giant was quite an exaggeration. But then he made three movies and that was it. Those were really weak movie two rebel without a cause. Which sound many of them. Yeah. More than you know more. Some of you don't believe me. But at any rate, and of course he was in that giant with loose tailor. Yeah. So what does that tell you right off the bat? I just don't see it. I don't see any greatness there at all. And yet they've, oh, he would have been the next Elvis Presley or the pre set. Whatever. You know. I just don't get it. Was he that great looking? No. Not really at all to be honest with you. Just kind of like smart me looking. And the very seldom bad and the the rumor on him was that he was supposed to anything that moved. You know, and he should have been human. Anything that moved. He'd hop on it around it and you're it. Here's one that says can't make a buy my between Will Smith or J. Lo. I like to spelling on jail. There's kind of cute. We can put it both on there if you like. Okay. Even though J. Lo of course just celebrated her marriage tour. Ladest. Buh. Me. The marriage. The marriage. Do you sure. I don't think anyone's ever said that she was a good actress. Mark Antney or good singer. She's just got to be gas. Right. And Will Smith of course. I like I said. I'm going to change my vote. Please. Oh, boy. I don't know what it is either. It's just he just bothers me badly. Is this something about him? Here's one that says worst and this is from Andrew and Pittsburgh. Arnold Schwarzenegger. Cross yourself again. Arnold plays. Okay. Just to be on the safe side. You've never do too many hell memories across yourself and up. Or rub those beads too often. Here's one that says, could you please add Tom hands to the poll. But I like these. These are great. See that that qualifies. This is from Richard. Thank you. Richard. Thank you. Dick. Here's one that says, van these of Indiesel. Okay. Got it. I hate it. Can't stand him. Does anybody like him? No. No. Here's an interesting one to be honest with you. It's his one for the poll Charlie Chaplin. I can't imagine anyone who still alive would sit through one of those movies. I don't know. I thought Charlie Chaplin was a great innovator and supposed to be very fun. I agree that I couldn't watch that right now. I sign on the movies. Any of them not just Charlie Chaplin. What are these are answering the question of? Oh yeah. Who accused Charlie Chaplin of being a great actor? No. Are you shimitting me, Mr. They said all the things you said. The movie Conna Swirersman. It was Roger. If you made a hole in the restaurant right now, he would kind of the Charlie Chaplin was one of the great movie. One of the great pioneers that he was playing. He was playing a great comedian. You're wrong. Great comedian that never heard them say, oh, he's a great actor. He was a movie actor. There wasn't no TV in those days. Mr. Hayden, I hate to break the news. I wasn't saying TV actor. Well, what was he then? He was a performer. In what? In what? In what? In the movie movies? In the solid. Okay. Like I said, he fits perfect. The most who was the most overrated movie. I mean, at least they're warm. Okay. They're look warm. It's not like he said, Lou Skywalk or something like that. Here's one from Will who says every LED chick. Please, I was watching evening news. And I see these idiots passing by the Gipper's casket. They're saluting. Are you kidding me? You're a great, very native. And one of the biggest chicken offs going. I mean, he was a man who skipped out on WWE 2 because of weak eyesight. I did a tour in Nam and guess what? I worked last his geeky arm issue, Plastic Blackframed Wonders. Probably look like what he made to Macy. Hell, do you mean all I had to do was say I had weak eyesight. And I could have kicked back state. I stayed side not got my ass shot at Dan. Dang. Says while Henry Fonda, Jimmy Stewart even Ted Williams were doing their bit for the war effort that Numscoll Reagan was hanging out in Hollywood doing squat. Talk about disgusting. How and how did he get away with it? He had pool, okay? It was pool in it. So there you go, Ronnie Reagan. He won't pull it no more because he's dead as a Doranale. He's in that box or not. I still think the coffin's empty. A Tiska to Tanskett open up that casket. I've actually won't find him in there. Yeah, anybody home? Well, Nancy's been doing that for 10 years now. She's been anybody home? Oh, that's terrible. That's bad. And I didn't feel any remorse when she laid her head there on a casket. And I thought already what I wrinkled up the pimple head bitch. She's a simple tin. Guess it. And now all of a sudden she's the big hero for stem cell research. A little bit late, don't you think, Nancy? That you're taking on the right wing fascists? A little bit late. A little bit late. A little bit late. I suppose it's been, she's been at it for years and we're just starting to hear about it. Really? Yeah, that's what she must have been just doing at Silent Moon. I wonder where breath? And anyway, Senator Bill Nelson, good guy kind of like grizzled and mumble wise. He's another unintelligible old, long in the tooth. U.S. Senator Bill Nelson or Florida, joint CNN yesterday and then lawsuit, challenging a Florida statute that prevents copying a list of names for more than 47,000 potential fell on set to be perched from voter rolls as once again the right wing is trying to keep you dark folks in voting. Florida's junior senator agrees with somebody 67 lexon supervisors across the state who are mighty concerned about the accuracy of the list provided by the FDLE. They want to ensure voters are not this in franchise in the 2004 elections like so many thousands and thousands were in 2000. He realized that Gorwin and Lance Live Florida, he won by thousands. If the public cannot have access, how do we know that they're not purging someone who is not convicted, fell on the ash Nelson who has joined a lawsuit, filed last month by CNN to obtain the list, who has something. See, the part of this is chopped off, I hate when that happens. The list technically is a public record, but state law allows only certain people and groups such as political parties or candidates to get copies. Anyone else may look at the list but can't copy it. Well, I'm wondering one thing, how come the carry campaigns since he's the candidate, how come he can't do it, how come the Democratic Party can't do it, how come CNN and poor Bill Nelson got to be doing it? The Florida's won a seven states that does not allow convicted fell on set to vote unless they're voting rights have been restored. The CNN suit to gain access to the list identified as potential felons was filed last month. The Florida Department of State, of course, is opposed to releasing copies of list, saying that would violate the privacy of voters who might accidentally be on the list. Well, I think everybody ought to be calling up Governor Jeff Bush and asking an asking everyone question. If I can find it and think, here it is. There they go. Yeah. And speaking of that, speaking of Bill Nelson. There it is, Nelson. Right, that's in there too. Sorry, I just mentioned that in the past. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. The worst about, and I say, I want to keep saying that, I want to do that. Right. That's not the poll question. See on the one going to understand my own question. Who is the most overrated movie actor actors of all time? Not the worst we've ever done the worst, the best, the worst, the most mediocre. Most overrated. John Wayne 58, the Duke, the Duke is pulling away. 58, Kevin Costner, though on his Ask 53, I have no problem with that if he wins. James Dean 52, can't arrive. She's got 49. Maryland, Monroe 29, due to Robert's 22, Elvis 10. Al Pacino has moved up to four. He's locked stepwood Richard Geer. They've got four piece. Mel Gibson's got four. They should have put Mel right up there on the cross, you know it. Rock Hudson 3, Rackel Welts 3, Harrison Ford's got a pair of Gene Hackman 2, and after that it's the old single digit. 27 past the hour. At 560, WQM is your starvin man right now. Like, that's almost lunchtime. A lot of people eat lunch early, 11, 11, 30, right? Pizza locked is open and waiting for you in Davian. Pizza locked flies it with tons of free parking right behind Pairwin imports. University drive between Gryven and 595. Pizza locked is denogged around for it seemed like forever. Even in... That's right, there's one and only. Thank goodness there's only one man, you know, Jeff, he won't listen anybody. You know how that is. Unless it's about a hot date. Nobody has coupons like the other pizza joints, because Pizza locked every Thursday arp is a special, where you buy any on-trance second one is half price. Every Monday by one Luzon, the second one is only five bucks. No coupon, that's the Siri. And every Tuesday, like today, when you buy one eggplant, dinner, the second one is only five bucks. Again, no coupon needed. They always give you a big gigantic portions. Everything is called fresh to order. No soggy pasta to pizza locked ever. No microwave in the story. They're in everything is either baked or sauteed. And if you have almost 200 seats waiting for it, the lots in and after weight around for tables on Friday or Saturday, like most Broward restaurants. They'd live with the same full menu. From a West of Lemango North to sunrise, South to Pinesville, about Easter, 441. And the prices are so low. You can take the whole family over and over again, because like I said, they give you big gigantic portions. You will love the pizza locked. Three different kinds of red pizza. The best garlic rolls you've ever popped in your post and all your Italian favorites too. For catering, for a home or office, for a private party or for delivery, just call this number nine five four nine one six eighty eighty nine five four nine one six eighty eighty It don't get much better than the world famous pizza locked in David. And look, this is 42156. You can weigh in. You dredge back in history comes to life on the history channel. The year is 1968 young men across America are ordered to serve their country in Vietnam starting tonight. The history channel takes a historical and historical look back as they reported to the draft board. All right, listen up. When I call your names, step forward to be sworn in. Richard Cheney. Are you ready to serve your country, son? Sorry, though. I got better things to do. Except as check the token of my gratitude. Okay, who's next? Rush. This is real name. Limba. What the fuck? Heeeey. Rush is the name, but you might know me as Jeff Christie on KUGL. Who do has rules of hits? Here's a white boy with a questionable name. B.J. Thomas. Heeeey. Are you ready to serve your country, boy? Let me tell you this, my friend. I'm one tough talking college drop out. That cherishes my god. Give it right to the defendant with my mouth. Now if you'll excuse me. You can't come here at all. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's so big. I even think this is a theater. It's a theater. Oh, I hate you. I hate you. I have gay chivets. You know what? I am a truck, you're mentally correct, kind of. No! No! You want to go? Who are you? Who are you? I'm 32. Pop of humor, Rush. You will hit for print. You fat tub of crap. 28. Toluna QAM. Don't forget join WDQM in the real DELPADES from Bellsoth as afternoon noon to one. At AAMONTU, a chiropractic care center. Oye! At 20475, Biscayne Boulevard, stop by to pick up tickets to upcoming Marlins game. That's it noon today. And maybe Miguel will give you like an adjustment. Is Miguel going to be there? Who's he sending out for this thing? Miguel. Like I said, go get Miguel and adjustment. Or back rub. Crack showing in GOP's Cuban American based pigna of Miguel, who's voted for carry by the way. President Bush's policies toward Penel Castro's regime and the war in Iraq are threatening to free traditionally solid Republican ties to Cuban American voters the largest segment of Florida's fast growing Hispanic community. In 2000 Bush won Florida by a mere 537 posted as so alleged. But his advantage among Cubans was about 4 to 1. Thanks a lot. Amigos. Lunatics. Cuban Hispanics tend to vote to Democratic and our flocking to the state. Are you hearing that? I heard it. 9 Cuban Hispanics tend to vote to Democratic and our flocking to the state. On November 2nd, the key to Florida, the decisive swing of state four years ago, could well be this disparate Hispanic vote. Florida's population, here's that number again, is grown by more than a million since the last presidential election. A 6.5% increase from 2000 July 2003, that could transform the state's electorate. From April 2000 to July 2002, nearly half the new residents were Hispanic courted the most recent numbers from the census bureau. South Florida's Cuban American community about 600,000 is divided over the Bush administration's policies with some hardline exiles complaining that Bush's failed to take a tough restant against Castro. Long could it be, but younger generation of Cubans who were born in the US are raised to hear most of their lives are like a supporting cage movement with Cuba. They're not knee-jerk Republicans like their parents. Sloosh's problem's echo within the walls of Versailles, restaurant, a bastion of Cuban exiles in the heart of I'mis little of Anna neighborhood. The war in Iraq is no good, says Emilio J. Fatois, sipping a higher tank cup of Cuban coffee. Each election finds this lifelong Republican more open to Democrats. Most Cubans have always been Republican by nature. I followed my mother's lead, the 50-6-year-old Phil Bonzman B. But when you get older and see how things really are, you think differently. Thank the Lord. Thank God. Indeed, the rest-ross older patrons in our plenty of them are firmly behind Mr. Bush. Menace such as Aaron Ido 68 who stops on the way to his car to praise Bush, I like everything he does even Iraq to retirees said. Boy, Boy, no. Many Cuban Americans have been in the Democratic Party some 40 years ago, blaming President Kennedy for the debacle of the US back pay of pigs invasion in 61. The strong feelings remain, both stood by President Reagan's anti-communist views and Republicans tough on Castro message. And Jim Bush, the president's brother, made converting Cubans his cousin to mid-1980's before he became Governor of Florida. The community's expected to vote Republican again November 2, but if an upsweds to Bush's Democratic rival John Kerry or decide to stay home on election day, the president will have to make up those votes elsewhere in the growing state of more than 17 million, teaming with people. Teaming 17 million people in Florida. And how many of them speak English? About 30 minutes. Boy, would you see the thing about the jet that had to go back to the airport? No. Where? A spirit airlines jetliner, Bountyr Atlantic City with 131 people aboard Relented at Fort Lauderdale International Airport, yesterday afternoon. After they are allowed to receive a BOM threat. Oh my God. The 126 passengers in five crew members exited flight 262 Noages reported. The plane in MD 80 was taken away from the area for Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport. Baguished with a little bit of a surfer and then the plane. Nothing. It's a pretty duda. Just another one of those videos. Just somebody looking at that crazy little fun. You know, somebody bored. Summer time blues. 560560 on the AT&T and Verizon. I can't wait. I'm going to save it for like maybe noon. Let's see. I got one, two, three, four, four. Op five. Oh. Five very nice. Very accurate stories about the legacy of Rhino Reagan, which I think will be a contrast somewhat. The phoning, the Sikofana crack that's going on right now. It's just enough to make you gag. Okay. I mean, ordinarily the other one I'm not going to go when he cooks, but first of all he's 93 years old. And secondly, somebody has to counterbalance the propaganda. The twisting of the Haggiography is that story city yesterday. And it is how you pronounce it by the way. Had geographies number two. I even looked it up. Really? Yeah. I do like that. And then of course, if you talk about listailers, the Fag Haggiography. It gives a dog's eye view. Look at that. Ted Kennedy may make children. He's going to write a children's book. It's going to be called Don't Drive Off the Bridge. Who is the most overrated movie actor, actress of all time? John Wayne 61, Kevin Costa 57, James Dean 54, Keanu Reeves 53. We got a house race baby, Marilyn Monroe's got about 30 men. Julia Roberts 24, Elvis 11, everybody else single digit. Come at a QAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. I got one for the Paul. All right. How about Keanu Reeves? He's doing pretty good. He's about 53 votes. He's in fourth place. How about Paul Walker? Paul Walker is a bad actor. I think he's horrible. You're right. He is. Okay. If he didn't look like that, he wouldn't have any rules, right? Paul Walker? Yeah. Did you know who Paul Walker is? No, I'm afraid I don't. Well, you do, it's not, uh, if you're Ali. Paul Walker, get him on your okay's terrible. Who is the most overrated movie actor or actress of all time? W to QAM hello? Yes, I just want to ask, uh, what the, uh, purpose of maybe naming the floor turn by after Ronald Reagan. What is the purpose of it? Yeah. It's called sucking up to the right wing. So what we're making is, what we're like, if does he have the floor to, I always want to. Wait a minute, but he was governor of California. Oh, I get it. I see. Wait till they rename I 95 of the Schwarzenegger freeway. Have a great day, pal. Excellent question. Yeah, that's, I was wondering then. Why is it the Ronald Reagan? That would be, I mean, New York, they got the Thomas E. Do we through way? Who is the governor in New York, right? Yeah, funny little mustache kind of like Hitler. But, uh, I mean, but why Ronald Reagan turned by going to anybody? But it would have questioned that, oh my God, what's wrong with you? You, uh, call me Pinko Baxter. You're stuck. Disrespectful. I mean, I make no sense. It ought to be the Lawton Child. There you go. The Walkin' Lawton Child's the Heakloons your way. Now we're talking, man. If you don't like to walk and take a ride on the Lawton. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Oh, God. Don't we have a, uh, we have something, uh, something. Huh? Huge. I don't even know what that's under. I don't know where the child is. It's not worth it to be honest with it. 21 till noon at 5.60. QM the Mad Dog at 2. My life and look all practices for tweedle five six. You would have two way ham. All right, kiss. This is your liberator, George Debbie Bush. Hey, if you thought it used to be a great place before we turned it into a smoke and home, wait, will you experience all your amusement park? Just rebuilt by America's military. Just a few hundred miles from downtown Baghdad, a place you'll use to call talk or some like it. Is the funnest place in Iraq as soon as Abbu Gray prisons go. Welcome to Bush Gardens, Bad Day. Run out of the bomb cars. So anywhere to the products and carabies, God, the world's scariest roller coaster, the second term in England. This is the scariest you are out of. Tom On top of Nick and prison at him. Explode the depths of Sam Spiderman home. And all of it stones throw from the room in the fabulous, how the burden was there. Just do not miss. Take the 9-11 connector till you run into a dead end. They led you to the Strikas you came in. And you're there. And Bush Gardens, Bad Day. It's a blast. 16 to learn at five, 16. They're showing a club again. And Nancy Reagan would Michael J. Fox. I don't know how long for that was. And guess who else was there? Uh-huh. Yeah, the king might be a Mrs. Spinders. And doing a thing about the stem cell research and about research and Alzheimer's and all these other diseases. A lot of us like those of us with type 2 diabetes and type 1 diabetes, which is really much more serious. Uh, we could be without that. We could go out and get a nice pizza and I have to worry about. Yeah, people like huh. We should always have other people who are like all crippled up and things like that. Stem cell research could bring the cure for a lot of these things. But of course, that compassionate conservative. Oh God, for me because he takes directions from the born against. And even from the Pope, I guess probably told him a thing or two. He's lying from diabetes, just couldn't do it yourself with the knowledge that you won't be going to hell because your cure, it wasn't based on stem cell research. Oh, I see. That's a good point. I'll be going to help for different reasons though. Gay. Let's see. Merrill Street. Well, I can see. I applaud that. See, and noise may Merrill Street. Very seriously. Well, you mentioned that. So we're getting some invisible facts as facts where you can't make out anything that is on there. And the frustrated person keeps refaxing and refaxing. Yeah, like the more they facts, the more visible it's going to get, which it's not. Well, I don't understand what that means. In other words, they think that practice makes perfect. I guess. In other words, it's so faint that's written in invisible ink. You can't make out anything. It looks like dirty paper. I feel like painting because the norm can't email here. It's so touching and so emotional. You won't believe this. That's what you own care because you're just one of the one of those anti-sports people in certainly anti-hockey person. I just don't understand how the Florida Panther organization, how it can even exist. You know, we had that we had the fawny, baloney thing, we had that one year when a team got to how that the right time. What's really that great of a team? But they got to how just at the right time. Kind of like what Calgary did this year. And that was it. Other than that, nobody really cares. It's just tragic. It's pathetic. And this series wasn't really very good. But the fact that it went to seven games and a Tampa pulled out games six and over time. And that we had the desperate game last night. That's what created the assignment. Believe me, because I know you won't, but it was. Anyway, norma says, I've been going to sporting events for over 35 years as an adult. I never knew he reached that point of being an adult. And I don't think I ever experienced the energy or excitement I witnessed in the same Pintimes form last night for the seventh game of the Stanley Cup. You saw what was coming in the pregame more mumps when the lightning ran fast, getting drills, robber flames, carefully betted the puck back and forth. To the astounding power plant to start the second period where the flames tried six times together to park across the blue line and could not. And the last 10 minutes, which was like a boxing match on the ice. What a game. Thank you, Neo, for turning me into a hockey years ago, signed norma. Lord Stanley needed the tan. The lightning ran up. Or on more of a piece of 16 seconds, the lightning got stuck. But on seconds away, the heat comes down and the ice is still down. Or over the line, real ball is heading for the match. People together now support the second. There we go. That will make it possible. Oh, wow. Yeah, they had the big horn out there in Tampa last night. Anyway, that's it. It got these upset because it was them. Why should he carry? Is your wait for the Panthers to win when he's called a game? So be the lucky charm, don't you think? Of course. Which I think, what do you think a lucky charm do you think like a little twerp? Oh, five six seven, oh five, sixty pound five six. It's a goal, it's a goal. I can't wait for this. W to Q amp, hello. Okay, Neo. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing? Great. I have one for you, Paul. Okay. To be incentive, but how about round Reagan? Yeah, somebody suggested that before, but again, overrated. Nobody ever considered to be a good actor, much less like, wait, actors. Yeah, I think. Yeah. Okay, my everything was as far as a future, Paul. Yeah. About with with presidential or governmental scandal with your favorite. You can do, you know, Bill Clinton and Monica. Yeah, he is gay, you know. And weapons and math destruction. Right. I think it's a good one. Okay, thanks. All right. Thank you. Have a great day, Paul. That's not bad. Which scandal was your favorite? Which one did you enjoy the most? I'm sure that penis gay would be at the top of that jerk. You're a gay. Stingate. What do you want to call it? Monica gate. Can he start gate? I'm going to get your boy. I mean, you know, you come right out there. You tell the public the truth and it's just, you know, I don't know where there's no sense. There's no feeling. I guess that describes it best. Can he start runs into a bald head of James Carvalet, the airport in Atlanta in the early day, well, in the middle of the whole Monica gate thing. And he says, I'm going to get your boy. And it's like, oh, no, he didn't have any vendedor. Can he start? He was very upstanding. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Right. There's nothing political about it. WDQAM, hello. How about my own brand, don't you? Don't like Marlin? Yeah. Hi, guys. I got a superman, please. Hi, don't forget that silly movie with Watch His Name. Or is this silly movie with the lizard? Or he was doing the Gunfather, the horse again, freshman? The freshman. I was a cute movie with Watch His Name. I got a brain fart on him now. I don't know. Matthew Brumbert. There it is. Yeah, and a freshman. It was silly. It was a very silly movie. It was a silly movie. It was a what? I gave him a chance to put the cotton in his cheek again. Yeah. And to be precise at the voice, it was fun. And maybe some of these don't have to be like, seriously? Good job, Superman. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well, he didn't really have a major role in Superman. It didn't. But he didn't made the best of it. There you go. But, well, put him on there, Marlin Brando, because a lot of people don't like big fat guys. Let's see. Here's one that says, and I see Franks and I perili suck. My mother-in-law says, well, Kilmer says, Devon, Devon. Franks and I perili suck. Well, I would say this. It's like his singing, but I think in Manchurian candidate is acting was great. What's there? We make in Manchurian candidate. Is that out yet? Or is it this weekend? No, it's not out yet. This weekend, I believe. He was great in that movie. Did you see it? Yeah. Well, he was great. Yeah. And, by the way, I didn't want to like the movie or him because I couldn't stand him. Oh, yeah. And I had to apologize to myself for resisting. Now, I would say this. But, from here to eternity, which is the role he got because somebody made him as Manchurian Offer couldn't be here. I don't get how many day go, getting you walk, Great ball, boom, buzz, come out on the one one. That was another story. But I think he actually wasn't pretty good actor, but Franks and after put him on there just because we don't like him anyway. And Val Kilmer, which I would agree with, that's the kind of Batman. I don't see what the deal with Val Kilmer. And if you ever seen him in Jim Morrison together, how could he possibly play Jim Morrison? They paid him to? Oh. Well, did you think he was good in the doors movie? There. There was a little bit of a dramatic whole thing. Pretty, pretty weak. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 6, Jim Morrison still alive by the way. It's lunch every day at Shloimys. Will give me directions later how to get there. John Wayne, 66, Kevin Costa, 63, the most overrated movie actor actress of all time. And I don't think we really have done this ever before, which is shocking. I mean, if we can't help but the new pole we've never done before, how to be 80 million poles, that's a major accomplishment. How to how to how to do it? How to how to how to how to do it? I wouldn't inspired me for this. Actually, maybe it was all a Reagan business that inspired me. And then I started thinking about John Wayne, because it's hard to think about old Ronnie without thinking about John Wayne, the Duke, and Chuck Heston. WDQAM, hello. How about Dennis Hopper? You've been putting the list? We'll put a monitor for you. We don't agree. Will we put a monitor? Do you agree? No, I don't. I like to know it all. But, well, well, put a monitor. This guy, we're not like we're going to mix your choice. What are you saying? Oh, you're not painting. Everybody that goes into one of those movies, there are people who love them and think they're great. And then, people are like, Oh, my God. So, it's so sucks. They absolutely suck. You've seen someone who's movies. Right. What's the point of time we had Dennis Hopper drops that we could play? Well, we don't. I still don't understand where that... I just don't think I have it. They're walking a lot in one. It's under tiles. And you'd... Oh, well, see that's the problem when you do that. It's like... It is so huge. Yeah. I was putting their 100 years ago. Who put it in there? I don't know. Probably me. Yeah. You play? He's talking about the turnpike. It is so huge. Yeah. So, let's have the lot in Charles Turnpike. That was a very excellent question. It's like, how come we have Arthur Gottfried wrote on my me beach. When Arthur Gottfried was one of the biggest anti-symites whoever came down a bike down the Ronald Reagan Turnpike. Rimes with. WQAM hello. Yes, 400. Yes sir, how you doing? Good. Good. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes. I got one for you, Paul. Yeah. Brad Pitt. Brad Pitt couldn't act as well out of a paper circle. He said once in a great while. He's all looked, right? Thanks. The other issue I brought up to, you mentioned Ronald Reagan Highway. Ronald Reagan Turnpike. Right. From Cincinnati and they also have a Ronald Reagan cause way up there. I don't even like that. Yeah. So he's basically obviously very Republican there and got general electric, which is obviously the big war machine in all the engines behind all the planes and everything. So there's a tie in with all that Republican connection there. Amen. Thanks a lot, Paul. All right. Well, we don't have GE and Florida doing. No. It's too a Ronnie Reagan simply have plenty of right wingers, but no. No, not really. It makes no sense at all. Let's conduct a campaign to get his name off of that thing. That should be pretty easy now that he died, right? No. No. Sure, then ahead of time. If he had told me he was going to die, I would have worked on that before. We could have had a big campaign. Yeah. We could have got Chuck Meier to have people put the big X through the quarters. But nobody thought coming. No, they just sneaked it in there. We woke up one day. All of a sudden it was no longer the Florida turnpike. It was the Ronald Reagan turnpike. Just like we have the Murray and Melonsville Highway and we have the Dave Dixon Freeway. And we've got the Chuckita banana expressway. I just don't get it. I mean, the Dan Marino drive thing. I don't know. Not that crazy about doing it while somebody still alive either. Are you? No, right. What if they turn out to like murder 500 people or something later on? How about the the Schuillers expressway? That's had that name for years. Now, which one is the Schuillers? That the 836? No. That's 12. That one over there. No, here's like which 36. This is a 36. The Schuillers never even knew that. Although we call it Chula down here. The Chula expressway. Chula Chula. 567. How come we can't just call it the brain stem? Highway. Until they legalize it. And if that sounds insensitive, we'll just use the initials just to be as highway. Which most have been Florida R. WQAM hello. Hi, I have a name for the poll. Okay. Which you got? Oh, Michael Douglas. Michael Douglas. I certainly concur hardly. And I'll open this the red grade. Okay. Thanks. You're welcome. Bye. That sounds like two names, but that's okay because she was very nice and our only lady of the day. Ladies, what played a game with the screen list. Plus how many ladies we got? About 30 minutes. That's about it. Well, we do the best we can. Vanessa Redgrave. And I see I get confused. Which one is the virulent lesbian? The virulent dyke? I don't know. Is it Lynn? Is it Vanessa? Quite frankly, who the hell can I pick? I think she's a little bloody holl. Oh, local, this is 560. Bring your little jewelry out! That's a cute way, yeah. This dick can't be. I like to relax by having very magul and massage my balls while listening to the new bodies. Well, the one I'm reviewing. Hey. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drapes. I've regard all the drapes. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drapes. I've regard all the drape. I've regard all the drapes. No drape. No drape. I've regard all the drapes. No drape. I've regard all the drapes. I've come down to Lil' Hands on a Big Hand here at 560WQA and here's the first of about 100 stories about Ronald Reagan. This is by David Corn. This is a rewrite from something he wrote in 1998. It's very short and to the point. 66 things to think about when flying into a Reagan National Airport. The firing of the air traffic controllers, Winneville nuclear war, recolbable nuclear missiles, phased at cost pollution, Elliott Abrams lying to Congress, ketchup is a vegetable, including with Guatemalum thugs. Parts for FBI lawbreakers, Voodoo Economics, budget deficits, toast to Ferdinand Marcos, public housing cut back, red baiting the nuclear freeze movement, James Watt. Getting cozy with Argentine Fashist generals, tax credits for segregated schools, disinformation campaigns, homeless by choice, manual noriiga, falling wages, the eats the HUD scandal, air raids on Libya, constructive engagement with apartheid South Africa. United States Information Agency Blacklist of Liberal Speakers attacks on OSHA and workplace safety, the invasion of Grenada, assassination manuals, Nancy's astrologer. Drug test, LID Tech-U test, Fawn Hall, female appointees 8%, mining harbors, the SNL scandal, 239 dead US troops in Beirut, Alhague in Control, Silence on AIDS, Food Stamp Productions, debate game, White House Reading, Jonas Sevinbi, Tax Cuts for the rich mistakes were made. Michael Devers' conviction for influence Pertle, Lynn Ossigres' conviction, for influence Pertle, Casper Weinberg's 5-count indictment, Ed Meese you don't have any suspects were innocent of crime, Donald Regan, men, women don't understand throw weights, education cuts, massacres now Salvador. The bombing begins in 5 minutes, $640 Pentagon toilet seats, African-American judicial appointees 1.9%, Readers' digest, CIA sponsored carbombing in Lebanon more than 80 civilians killed, 200 officials accused of wrongdoing, William Casey Irran Contra. Facts are stupid things, 3x5 cards, the MX missile, bitburg, SDI, Robert Pork, Naps, and Teflon. Oh, what a good job. I guess that sums it all up, right? Yeah, no, we're gonna get it. Oh, you're toward it. I got too many others too, we're gonna. Good, too many other people. The bomb saw Jesus. Here's the fact that says everyone says well, he's no Olivier, well, what about him? That Papa Shakespearean piece of human experiment, Sir Lawrence Olivier. Now let's see, who was he concerning with? Was it Danny K? Who was Zach and how was Sir Lawrence Olivier? Rides. Rides with. You're gay. Right. That was the apocard of rumor. I believe it was Danny K and Olivier and both were. Anyway, here's the fact that says you got it on their Joshua, Sir Lawrence Olivier. I got it. He's getting to it. He's getting to it. He's getting to happen on it. Sorry guys, my vote's Steven Sigo. I hate him. Like that. Yeah, but I don't think anybody ever accused him of being an actor. Good or otherwise. Well, he's in movies. Yeah, he appears. He's the more far walkers the actor from fast in the furious. Yeah, I know Paul Walker. You don't. Right. Josh, sorry. Inform me. Yeah, you're right. You're right. And I, let's see, I'm not afraid of the frustration. Just never leave us near rights. Uh, I don't know what that means. Do I know who this is? Who what? I don't know who this is. And I don't really care. It's fine. When I don't be defensive, we're not putting out of the offensive. Okay, everybody's in a fine mood. Lighting one is Stanley Cup. Oh, it's not like Dave Andrew Chuck, 22 years of twirling in the NHL, including several fine years here in Toronto with Leafs. Good man, Dave Andrew Chuck, plenty two years twirling in the National Rocket League, and finally gets to drink out of the cup and a Stanley Cup, too. Let's see, except for transporting you and McGregor. Oh, yeah, transporting. I better go and spot that later. All right, I better throw out of the window. Alan and the keys one of our regular chronic says Eli Wallach, how could you say that after Godfather III? Lovely. Let's see. Now, here's another one from Capitol Hill Blue. What a great website. Too bad our link is not on there yet for that. I just set you the first page, even though I got all five pages. Oh. Well, what is this one about? How big brothers watching, listening, and misusing information about you, also by Theresa Ampton and Doug Thompson, who wrote the other, that'll be a piece. Well, I'll stick that on the bottom and if it's worthwhile, we'll eventually get to it or maybe tomorrow. There's always another tomorrow, you know? Well, well, not always. Right, we don't know that for fact. This one is written by William River's pit, which I love William River's pit, and it's headline Planet Reagan. He says, while we're making his dead now and everyone's being nice to him. And every aspect, this is appropriate. He was a husband and a father, a beloved member of a family, and he'll be missed by those he was close to. His death was long, slow, and agonizing because of the Alzheimer's disease which ruined him, one drop of lucidity at a time. A grandmother died 10 years ago, almost of the day because of this disease, and this disease took 10 years to do his duty, filthy wretched work on her. The dignity and candor of Reagan's farewell letter to the American people was as magnificent a departure from public life, as any that's been seen in our history, but the ugly truth of his illness was that he lived on and on and on. His family and friends watched as he faded from the world of the real, as the simple dignity afforded to all life collapsed like loose sand behind his mory, uh, evermore vacant eyes. Only those who have seen Alzheimer's disease invade a mind can know the truth of this, it's a cursed way to die. In this morning space, however, there must be roommate to the truth. Writer Edward Abbey once said the sneakyest form of literary subtlety in a corrupt society is to speak to plain truth. The critics will not understand you, the public will not believe you, your fellow writers will shake their heads. The truth is straightforward, virtually every significant problem facing the American people today can be traced back to the policies and people that came from the Reagan administration. It is a laundry list of ills, woes, and disasters that has all of us once again stirring apocalypse in the eye. How can this be? The television says Ronald Reagan was one of the most beloved presidents of the 20th century. He won two national elections, the second by margin so overwhelming, that all future landslides will be judged by the high water market achieved against water mondial. How can a man so universally respected to play the hand of the evils which corrupt our days? The answer lies in the reality of the corrupt society Abbey spoke of, our corruption is the absolute triumph of image over reality, a flash over substance of the pervasive need within most Americans to believe in a happy-faced version of the nation they call home, and the spring of the out-of-a-state is unpatriotic. Ronald Reagan wasn't always will be the undisputed heavyweight champion of salesmen in this regard. Reagan was able by virtual, vis-towering talents in this arena to sell the American people a flood of poisonous policies. He made Americans feel that about acting against their own best interests. He sold the American people a lemon, and they'd drive it to this day as if it was a cattle act. It isn't the lies of killers but the myths, and Ronald Reagan was the greatest myth maker wherever likely to see. Mainstream media journalism today is a shameful joke because of Reagan's deregulation policy. Once a pound of time the furnace doctrine ensured that the information we receive information vital to the ability of people to govern in the manner intended came from a wide variety of sources and perspectives. Reagan's policies annihilated the furnace doctrine opening the door for a few mega corporations together, journalism out of themselves. Today, Reagan's old bosses at General Electric on three of the most watched news channels, this company profits from every war we fight, but somehow has trusted until the truths of war, thus the myths are sold to us. The deregulation policy through a Ronald Reagan didn't just deliver journalism to these massive corporations, but had it virtually every facet of our lives in the hands of this privileged few. The air we breathe, the water we drink, the food we eat are all tainted because Reagan battered down every environmental regulation he came across, so corporations could improve their bottom line. Our leaders are wholly on some cities, or is it the corporations that were all made all powerful by Reagan's deregulation craze? The savings and loan scandal of Reagan's time, which cost American people, hundreds of billions of dollars, is but one example of Reagan's decision that the foxes would be fine guards in a henhouse. Ronald Reagan believed in small government despite the fact that he grew government massively during his time. Social programs which protected the weakest of our citizens were gutted by Reagan's policies, delivering millions into despair. Reagan was able to do this by caricatureing new welfare queen, who punched out babies by the barnload, who drove the flashy car ball with your tax dollars, who refused to work because she didn't have to. This was a vicious racist lie, one result of which was the decimation of a generation by crack cocaine. The urban poor were left to rot because Ronald Reagan believed in self-sufficiency. Because Ronald Reagan cannot be bothered if on research into gate cancer, the AIDS virus was allowed to carve out a comfortable home in America. The aftershocks on this callous disregard for people whose homosexuality was deemed evil by religious conservatives cannot be overstated. Beyond the graves of those who die from a disease which was allowed to burn unchecked, there are generations of Americans today living with the some conscious idea that sex equals death. The Venirin honor and respect painted across the legacy of Ronald Reagan is itself a myth of biblical proportions. The coverage proper today of the Reagan legacy saw the mentions in property until the Iran Conference came to appears on the administration timeline. This state of a mission is vast, but the end of his term in office, some 138 Reagan administration officials have been convicted and died to investigate it from his conduct and or criminal activities. Some of the names in this disgraceful rule call, Oliver North, John Pointester, Richard C. Cordcaster, Weinberger, Elliott Abrams, Robert C. McFarlane, Michael Deaver, E. Bob Wallock, James Wat, Alan D. Fierre's, Claire George, Dwayne R. Clarech, and Beaufort, Rita LaValle, Richard Allen, Richard Begg's guy, Flake, Louis Bluthrida, Edwin Gray, Max Hugo, Carlos Campbell, John Fetters, Arthur Hayes, Jane L. L. Holmes, Marjorie Meckland, Berg, Robert Nimoj, William Petro-Thomasy, Reed, Emmanuel Savis, Charles Wick. Many of these names are lost to history, but more than a few of them are still with us today, we have been related by the administration of George W. Bush. Ronald Reagan actively supported the regimes of the worst people ever to walk on the earth names like Marcos Dwarthe, Rios Monten, Duvalier Ricca Bluth and Corruption, yet were embraced by the Reagan administration with passionate intensity. The ground of many nations is salted with the bones of those murdered by brutal rulers, who called Reagan a friend, who can forget a support of those in South Africa, who believed a part time was the proper way to run a civilized society. One dictator in particular looms large across our landscape, Sodom Hussein was a creation of Ronald Reagan. The Reagan administration supported the Hussein regime despite his incredible record of atrocity, the Reagan administration gave Hussein intelligence information which helped the Iraqi military to use their chemical weapons on the battlefield against the Iran-degree defect, the deadly bacterial agent sent to a rack during the Reagan administration or a laundry list of horrors. The Reagan administration sent an necessary name titled Runsfield to Iraq to shake Sodom Hussein's hand and assure him that despite public American condemnation and use of those chemical weapons, the Reagan administration still considered him a welcome friend in ally. That happened while the Reagan administration was selling weapons to Iran, a nation notorious for its support of international terrorism in secret and in violation of scores of laws. Another name on Ronald Reagan's rule called as that of Osama bin Laden. The Reagan administration believed it a boolean idea to organize an army of Islamic fundamentalist in Afghanistan to fight the Soviet Union and bin Laden became the spiritual leader of this action. Throughout the entirety of Reagan's term bin Laden as people were armed, funded and trained by the U.S., Reagan helped teach Osama bin Laden the lessons he list by the day that its possible to bring a super-powered witch needs. Bin Laden believes this because he's done it once before thanks to the decapit of the dedicated help of Ronald Reagan. In 1998, two American embassies in Africa were blasted in a rubble by Osama bin Laden who used the Semtex sent to Afghanistan by the Reagan administration to do the job. In 2001 Osama bin Laden thrust a dagger into the heart of the U.S., using men who became skilled at the art of terrorism with a help of Ronald Reagan. Today there are 827 American soldiers and over 10,000 civilians who have died in the invasion of occupation of Iraq, a war that came to be because Reagan helped manufacture both Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden. How much of this can be truthfully related to the feet of Ronald Reagan it depends on who you asked. Those who worship Reagan seemed as the man in charge and I who defeated Soviet communism, the man whose vision and charisma made Americans feel good about themselves after Vietnam and the Malaysia of the 1970s. Those of the spies Reagan seemed as nothing more than a pitchman for corporate raiders, the man who allowed greed to become a virtue, the man who smiled rapidly while allowing his officials to run the government for him. In the final analysis however, the legacy of Ronald Reagan, whether he had an active hand in formulation or was merely along for the ride, is beyond dispute. His famous question, are you better off now than you were four years ago as easy to answer? We are not better off now than we were four years ago or eight years ago or 12 or 20. We are a badly damaged state rule today by a man who subsists off Reagan's most corrosive final gift to us all. It's the image that matters and be damned of the truth. Pretty good stuff. It's on our website by our member's planet Reagan. More as opposed to all of this swirl of this crap that the corporate media are peddling down your throat about the great Ronald Reagan, the great communicator, all of a sudden bull crap. By the then he rate you believe whatever you want. Pekki can turn over to Russia and now he's probably still utilizing. Problems past noon at 5.60 WQM is your company's suffering from regulations and increased labor costs. Well, let away such a sourcing help you when it comes to the people's senior business. Paywell administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that oasis outshows and can cover to help your business be more profitable. Call oasis outsourcing today for a fee of idolation at 1-866-866-866 2747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, oasis outsourcing understands many facets of human resource management. Outshows seems being recognized by firms of the large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business where you need the operational details to oasis outsourcing. Let oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you want a free of idolation column tool free, 1-866-866-866-866-866-747, for oasis outsourcing. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, so I'm sorry, sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Why? There he is. Yes. Well, let's give it a run down on the poll so far, because I don't want to do all I reading today, do I? Yes. Here's Jerry Brown is on there. You know, Volga details of government seem quite marginal and trivial in that context that he created. While he was governor, whatever that means, I guess Jerry Brown's kissing his ass too. You just don't dare, that's insane. Even though Jerry Brown, of course, the outer liberal former governor, California, Mayor of Oakland, California right now. And rumor to be. But nevertheless, I mean, there have been a few people I kind of like dancing around the ages with a few little negative comments, but you just don't say these things right now, because that's this respectful, okay? So you got to lie like crazy. You just got to bite your tongue until it bleeds, until it starts gushing blood. What are all these facts? Is my God. Oh, they're all great. Here's what it says. The most overright in actor, Voltaim, Michael Keynes says Dennis and Hollywood. Okay, Michael Keynes. I like Michael Keynes, but this guy don't, and he's entitled. He's the most employed actor possibly. He'd guess a lot of work. I'll tell you that. But in any rate, so does suit with a lot of people. Here's what it says. I get to listen sporadically during the day. So I'm not sure if you know that your lemon. Will we report to that yesterday? The EAS, which is now, you know, we don't hear it because it's automatiles. All right, that's in the middle of A-Laser. We charge a spot. Apparently. Well, that's nice. How come nobody told me about that? It goes off at random. The EAS sounded, other words, the emergency automatic Nazi, uh, siren, the ASS sound. The EAS. It's not the first there we've been six times this haven't heard your program. It says, what happened to this is a test. This is only a test. I don't know because I've never heard it. I don't hear that. We don't hear it. It happens, uh, beyond us. Oh, I see. It says you still must run the Adianne thing. This is why I pissed off the client that had to schedule a make good schedule. I make good. Oh, brother. How does that say here? You know, huh? This person's got, they just don't understand the QMF and way man. Look at the draw. You know, I make good just because the spot didn't put it on there. Man, you don't know a great read, Mr. and screw in, when it. Let's see. We got a place where I can do that spot today or not. I'll give him a make that myself. Let's see. Uh, no. Well, we could have you right now. We'll do tomorrow. Don't let me forget. Okay. All right. Damn. Now I'm serious. We'll do it. We'll put it on the log and make it good because if we got interrupted, I mean, our friend, uh, just Bob over the day laser record, he's paying for the spot. Not for a part of a spot. I mean, you know, what is wrong with his place? Don't you people have any, uh, oh, I'm sorry. Let's see. Since you can no plot longer play about 30. Not 30, man. Well, the stuff in the ECS keep you on Josh busy marking on some of the better potential drops in the callers. Uh, I had a pretty good life about 10. 15. Not to be confused with 10. 50. Chaman Toronto. 10. 50 this morning or 10. 50 WMG in New York. Now W, what is it now? W810. Thanks again for giving Georgia break as you well. No, doing talk radio is extremely difficult to do smoothly. Some people never get it. Uh, Joey Reynolds, uh, shnithead, don and Mike, lecture and Terry, it goes on and on and on. The list is very long. People who just, uh, John and Mike, uh, blow. Right. Troult and Heston. That's an excellent one. I mentioned that before, but I want to put, a second one on myself. Oh, son of a, yeah. Always the same crap. Always Hercules. Always Moses. Oh, yeah. Holy Moses enough for you already. Oh, by the way, he's got Alzheimer's. I just mentioned that in passing. So when he croaked, we also have to, oh, but he was in the Bible and he always He was in the house and he'd often. Yeah, if you think this is something. Oh, yeah. See, because Reagan, I mean, he was, uh, just kind of like a step or maybe a step and I happen to need to do. But Chuck has to. And he was right up there alongside. He was my daughter. I'm going to cut him. I'm going to cut him. I'm going to cut him. I'm going to cut him. If he's so much, you're welcome. He went to shuffle it away from a big fan guy like Michael Moore there, huh? If he oughta been embarrassed picking on an old man like that. Yeah, right. I love the nice guy. Michael Moore, you go boy. Go for you. We got the link to a Fahrenheit 9.11, the trailer. Right. Check it out. You love it. I like you a lot more. Now that I've seen that trailer. Oh, we also have, um, they're just told me. We got the, uh, link. To that website, capital hill blue dot com. We got the link. That's going to be doing all that work. Which we thought that he wanted just doing the first place. Which is why I spent all that money on the computer. Which went about 85 hands and finally got it in a Josh's hand. And he's paying 50 bucks a month for DL. Well, I, I, then somebody oughta be telling me about these things. I'm not going to expect him to be paying for it himself. What is wrong with you, man? He can help. I didn't mention that. What? He can be helping. We don't want him to go on that. But in the meantime, he shouldn't be paying out of his own pocket. See him. They've brain. Give me that's why he relates to that so much. Maybe he's got a brain size of a team. Yeah. Let me know how much of this I'll take care of it. 50 bucks a month. Well, about let me know for how long. Don't be telling me like for five years or so. I know what some of you guys operate at all a cart like that. Have you pardoned? You either have it or you don't. I understand, but he started at a certain point. Don't you get it? Oh, I say the back. Oh, God. You are so. Just no wonder your wife hates you like poison. Anyway, let's say great Stanley Cup. Go bold, scroll. Well, the season star will a season star on time. See this is the same a chronic that facts before. I think no, it's not his day. No, how do I know, Daniel, but I sure is how doubted. That hockey game we saw last night. That might be the last hockey game we see for a long time. Oh, my God. Drurgeal survive. Tarnishal survived because he don't give a flying crap about hockey. Anyway, just out of splutter, I should put some leaf slunch on. The tap of bay. See, there he go. There's Bill Waters. Boy, he's fat. He's a good guy. He's a good broadcaste. He was not a good GM. He's a good broadcaste. And Don's really might have done his last coach's corner on CBC last night. You are aware of that, aren't you? Who should know Don's Sherry? Remember, he had you call him enough times for crying out loud. Yeah, I like him a lot. He's going to give you that list of 85 people he had to call. Mm-hmm. The Don's sure looks fresh way. The high, new you are full of crap. The 836 is the dolphin expressway. You better learn. You are a spray swiss, Mr. Because you sure don't know him. Yeah, don't get down there. I'm going to get to bridge. Tender all over your ass if you don't watch it. He's dead. Am I right? That's the real incorrect. The Don's sure was the 874. That's why I don't know it because I never, I don't think I was even ever on the 874. Even when I lived in Kendall. The 836 is the dolphin expressway. Anybody knows that, Mr. The dolphin. Plus, this is a very good choice. Very, it says my voice going elsewhere, but I want to add John Pervolta. Yeah. Although I did eventually see that one movie played it. It was good job. We played the father of that kid with cursed the alley. It was cursed the alley. It was sure alley in it. What's the name of that other movie? It was good movie. Look who's talking. When they were building the house and then the jackass neighbor wanted them. Keep threatening to do this and do that. I think we're talking about different loodies. Oh. Well, he was pretty good. Anyway, here's another let's see. The C.A. and F. Oh yeah. Cuban American National Foundation. Right. And of course that immigration policy. Well, that's another story for another day. I can tell you stories back from W.S. News when I and S. People came in. But that's another story. Not I and S. immigration. Yeah. I and S. La Miga. Today's poll. Andy Garcia. Oh, that's a very good one. Thank you. Philheim. Villabella. Or you are. Villiervoni. Oh, here you go. And especially since I realized how ugly he was. Christianson man, he's got his go. He's got Zits ahead of an invented yet. Hayden Christianson who we thought that a lot of make up. He looked like he was going to be one of the cute, you know, but he's nasty looking and I don't know if he can act or not. Natalie Portman. It says take your perfect. The Christmas of socially deprived granite. It says look as must to find him at home. Depot and hardware. Okay. It's cute. Good fashes today. Got about a hundred more of Reagan and a batch. They're not Reagan bashing. They're just historically accurate. Is the way I would describe them. I mean some people can't handle the truth. Let's jack nickels and would say. So there you go. You know, somebody to mention Jack Nichols in today. Thank goodness. Yeah. Although if there's somebody who I can make a put him on or but I would I would be really pissed. Wouldn't you? That would not make any sense. No, he's great. Twenty seven past known at five, 60 WQ. I'm nobody wants to talk about cancer or heart disease. Especially thinking about yourself having it. But it's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well. The treatment if you did take it early several weeks ago when complacent Hollywood would call Hollywood Diagnostic Center and I had the and it was easy. Didn't even have to take on my close off. Thank goodness because it's embarrassing. Hollywood Diagnostic Center is proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy, which is a lot less intrusive than your traditional colonoscopy. And the two tests that I had coronary heart scoring in full body screening exams. Like a little virtual trip right down through your lungs and through your stomach and throw on your organs and all the way down to your back. And these exams can detect cancer or other life threatening diseases in their early stages. Even either doctors before they take these exams before when you walk out of there with a good report. You really have peace of mind. And of course if you do have something brewing then you can still catch it while it's before it's too late. For all your imaging exams I encourage you to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9.54. 9.663600 for a test that can give you and your family like I said from end to speed to mind. And Hollywood Diagnosis they are for you state of the imaging equipment with open MRI high speed cat scan nuclear medicine and much much more. Hollywood Diagnostic they've been serving the community for over 20 years and they provide you with a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you if you need to. Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9.54. 9.663600 for those imaging exams today could be one of the most important calls you could ever make in your life. Call 9.54. 9.663600 for the Hollywood Diagnostic Center. 9.663600. 9.663600 for the American Studies Rec failure for Standard D devs 8.种C around the clock the edition of the outlet was also an eatable tag tier,üyahu. Pavel has existed to manages to return to the world with colder colours, music and aren tracking shoot in t-action on the Internet To roll to the credible Hanım yani의 Our music was a boot like positive enough beat things. Let's found your markest and so. Basically, a Canadians are like happier than you Americans say. We got like a healthcare system that like works a and like the crime rate is much lower here a. And nobody in the Middle East is like mad at us a. We trying to say oh nothing. Just nobody calls us the great Satan or anything. Look that's enough you. You Canadian. Oh it's okay. I know what the hostility is a booty. But like we're this close to legalizing marijuana here too. You are. How's anything? Oh any day. Uh, isn't anything could put me a review of you. Ximae. Let's go out of place to win. Oh, sure. Great. Sorry I got that before. Whoa. And a apology. I've never heard an American do that. When they're up beat positive music has shed new light on a place that just might decide not to put me in jail for getting high. It's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight. On inside the body. Oh, honey. I'm 60 W to Q M carry closes on Bush and Louisiana. Senator John Kerry is moving up against President Bush and Louisiana narrowing a 10 point lead held by Bush and March now to just six points the A and P reports. Marketing and research institute poll shows Bush leading Kerry 48 to 42 percent nearly within the margin of the poll. The movement could be because of Kerry's aggressive ad buying strategy in Louisiana. You know, especially in the neighborhood public and leany state who is listed battleground states forcing the president, launch an ad counter strike. Louisiana would not be something. And then of course he picks that Iowa governor that we never heard of before was name already for God. As his running mate, that should this income. I mean. That should do it. 26 till one is five 60 W to Q A. I've ever been in Louisiana. No, I can't. Don't have had the pleasure. Don't. Put no leans. Okay, just just pop in Southern comfort. I keep telling you that that's a good idea. Oh, I love the movies. You are. Oh, it's a great movie. Especially that K John concert they stumbled on. But what you see is what you get. I guess that's why you didn't know Chef Paul Proudam because he's going to K John crap. You know, K John. See the one says, call you in a pebble. I don't know. Yeah, he's the one. Okay, then I do know who that is. I think he's also talk about Claude Peppa over. No, man. Okay. Let's see. Randolph T. Hold HUD. Who the hell is he? Well, let me take a look here. Just doing them for last 20 years. He writes Ronald Reagan's squatted legacy. The conservatives' wheat been way over the death of Ronald Reagan and Lionized him as a courageous visionary who's in the same league with Abraham Lincoln in Franklin Roosevelt, the president who won the Cold War and restored the nation's greatness on the international stage. Before they succeed in totally rewriting the history books, we must not forget the real Reagan record, a record of immorality and corruption that far surpasses anything that Bill Clinton's ever done. Alexander Cockburn in his 1988 book Corruption of Empire neatly summed up Ronald Reagan's legacy Dusley. Reagan is a mischievous hand-for-a-particular culture of consumption, a reverberate of militarism of violence redeemed, of a maniac-rupted and malevolent idealism. The priorities of this culture at the directly political level were simple enough. The transfer of income from the port of the rich, the expansion of war production and an activist foreign policy, traditional in many ways but as no one Trump's he has said, at an extreme end of the spectrum, interventions, a version of aggression, international terrorism and general gangsterism and lawlessness, the essential content of the Reagan doctrine. The Reagan, the record on Reagan pretty much supports Cockburn's view, Reagan didn't win the Cold War as much as benefit from forcing the Soviet Union to spend itself in the bankruptcy in collapse and effort to keep up with the US and arms-race that it couldn't win. That arms-race nearly bankrupted our nation in the process, thanks to Reagan's overspending defancy over saw the largest peacetime increase in national debt from $99 billion when he ended off as to 2.6 billion when he left. That's $99 million when he added to 2.6 billion when he left. In retrospect, the arms buildup was completely unnecessary. Reagan purged analysts from the CIA who dared to say that the Soviets were too broke to be military threat. The CIA would later be totally caught off guard by the collapse of Prosobid regimes in Eastern Europe in 1989 and the breakup of the USSR 91. The foreign policy misdeeds are the Reagan years are shameful and immoral. It funded proxy wars in El Salvador and Icaragua, smear the reputation of reporters and other observers who told the truth about the atrocities and killing committed by forces we funded training supported. Another is the Iran Contro-Afarah scandal at Dwarf Waterradenuts here, Brasinus, against the wishes of the US Congress and American people, our government with knowledge and consent of Reagan and most of the top echelon of his administration, secretly sold weapons to Iran and used the proceeds to fund a private army to overthrow the Saininies to government in Nicaragua. Laws were broken and the American people were lied to repeatedly. The fact that Reagan George Herbert Walker Bush and arrested the folks involved escape prosecution was itself a crime. While the Reagan years were about squalid foreign policy both covert and overtly were also about unbridled greed, government was the problem not the solution. Reagan and his followers proclaimed, let the magic of the marketplace solve our nation's ills they told us. When a candid domestic policy the Reagan Revolution changed on a simple theory. In the private sector spending borrowed money is called investment. On the government borrow money it's just spending. Government doesn't invest it just consumes. And if it's not consuming it's getting in the way of free enterprise with its taxes and regulations. This theory that the free market was infallible and government was evil was taken as gospel by the Republicans. Reagan's laws a fair approach to economy resulted in one of the greatest transfers of wealth in this country's history. According to data gathered in federal surveys the wealthiest 20% in the US received 99% of the total gains in the economy between 1983 and 1989. During that same period the richest 1% picked up 62% of the new wealth that was created. During the Reagan years the number of millionaires in the US triple while the sheer of our nation's wealth held by the richest 1% rose from 20% and 1970 to 40% and 1990. The tax cuts of the Reagan years would drop the highest federal individual tax rate from 70 to 28% contributed greatly to this trend. Instead of public investment we saw social programs will enable pay for more tax cuts. From 1980 to 1990 federal spending on transportation and infrastructure was cut 68% spending for education and training went down 60% and law enforcement and government expenditures declined 58%. The 1980s were an age where wealth was created not equating new products or services but by dismantling and reshuffling already existing assets. The people who did the dismantling made lots of money while the workers who saw their high-paying job disappear paid for this man's profits. The idea of using governments to increase incomes reduce unemployment and maintain the social safety net is now politically unfashionable thanks to Reagan. The only public spending that's still acceptable is money for the military industrial complex in corporate welfare. This is Ronald Reagan's real legacy to America and it's not one to celebrate. It's a legacy of criminality abroad and plunder at home. It's a legacy of the devaluation of the public sphere and how a second-rate actor pulled off his greatest role the genial dunce as a great leader. It's hardly a legacy to celebrate. I don't be told to the mass media though, huh? That's great. You can't say that, the man just broke for crap out loud. I just said it. Twenty-two-one in five-sixth EQAM. Another bombing, now they'll probably close the pool again. Tired of those pesky summer-time cherries to tax. Don't worry about that nerve gas come from now on to finish this golf game with a stupid mass gun. Just poor! Don't let bothersome terrorists attack, get to you, get Teragon. Just spray. And Tera's away. Last year someone blew up a nuclear reactor down the street, pointed that right-point as a beach. Get Teragon. Stop, irritating embassy bombings right where they start. Also great for those picnic-going biological and chemical agents. Honey, please hot dogs don't taste like this. I bet it's that darn anthracicant. Did you remember to bring the Teragon? I always remember. Science honey, you saved the day. Hand your life. Oh, I don't know. Poor out of five, home-lanship-curry directors recommend Teragon over the leading terrorism spray. So this summer, when Tera-Risham spawns, get Teragon. Prop 44-16-1 Mad Dog's stand-up might have been long enough to. Here's the polaroid. Now who is the most overrated movie actor or actress of all time? On the way in the Duke, you can't touch the Duke. He's ready to all of Kevin Costors. Moving close to his ass. Kevin's got 75. Can't a Reeve 74. He's moving up on both. James Dean 68, Judy Roberts 39, Jennifer Lopez, JLo's got 38. Couldn't act your way out of a paper sack. Merlin Monroe 37, Elvis 25, Arnold's got 23. Will Smith and Vin Diesel. Van Diesel, each have 20. Mel Gibson 13. Holly Chaplin 8, Richard Gears got a 7. Harrison Ford 7, Robert 105, Al Pacino 5. Michael Douglas Full, Rock Hudson Full, Brad Pitt Full, Arland Brando Full, Rock Hell Well's Full. Gene Hackman 3. Tom Hanks 3. Paul Walker 3. So we can't act who cares. Charlton Hesden 3, Jontra Volda 3, Frank Sinatra 2, Val Kilmer 2, Hayden Christians and Little Hayden's got 2. Never up that face. Merle Streep 1, Humpery Bogard 1, Natalie Portman 1. So Lawrence Olivier has got 1. Wither without Vanity get K. No votes yet for Michael Cain than his hopper Andy Garcia, Vanessa Reggreevore, you want a Gregor out of 591 votes. A lot of votes considering the fact we've been dealing down here. You know what? That doesn't stop him. Well here's line 9. Q AM hello. James Washington, have one to mention. I'll get out of here. I would put things I'll watch them on there for for him. Let's put it on anyway. That guy, like I said, one of my least favorite. You're an idiot man. You're just speak. Okay, just one. Try to conduct yourself like a human being. Okay. I know what's so we enact. Speaking of enacting. Just speak. Sound off. Like you got a pair. Yeah. Pretend that you're like a real person one. You're just one. Well, you'll be a purple star in a gold jelly bean like Jerry Wichner. Of course he still did. Okay. Let me get to this other stuff. I don't want to like. I run out of time here. Okay. Because I must meet my appointed rounds. I got let's see. One, two. Now, some of the may overlap and some of the points. Although, quite frankly, you can't say more than enough. Peter Preston and the British paper, the Guardian writes, Ronald Reagan towering he wasn't. He was a truly great American, a towering figure of our age. And so on and so forth from Lady Thatsher, Michael Howard, George W. And all whose score he yesterday, the very Ronald Reagan and Ocean of Tribute, Ole Agnes, what kind of award is that? And then Ole Agnes, Ocean of Tribute, how deep is that ocean? It's amazing how fast your feet touch Rocky Bottom. Reagan for the moment as a particular niche in American folklore, he came after poor care-worn Jimmy Carter he was sunshine after rain. He made deaf jokes and read an auto-cube better than any president before or since. He smiled and awed shocked easily, a man for picket fences in P.K. and P.K. and P.K. a Frank Capra Hero, picnicing on a White House lawn. The good times rolled through his eight years of power. And O.E.S. he was that strong guy who won the Cold War. One in quotes. His this enough or towering greatness, O.E.S. Shucks had barely stand straight let alone tall. There was one hero of Ronny's two terms, one really strong fellow, who held everything together, but his name was Jim Baker, the brilliant political manager and mate of Vice President George Bush, who became chief of staff on a crisis of competent threatened everything when Donald Reagan bailed out in the over-law's turn pear-shaped. Kind of like Clarence's ass. James A. Baker the turd was for a while the best president of America never had, and Ronny upstairs snoozing or watching TV was a passenger riding his look. There is no point simply no point in turning Ronny Reagan into some mythic masternabilities gone. I travel campaign trails with him in life that his jokes he pressed flesh and political buttons better than most. He was Hollywood on a small town visit. Maybe postcard of the US psyche did the bathing in such bomb for a while, but the reputation which flows from there is Hokem squared. A champion of individual freedom? See how Reagan, the boss of the screen actors' guild, kept his head well down when a Carthy started firing poisonous darts. An ideal family man? Only if you like your family's dysfunctional end, your Christianity still born again. A man of action? When the going gets rough in Bay Route then to use the jargon he cut in ran. A warrior? Only if you reckon invading Grenade it was tougher than a friendly against Iceland. A wizard of detail? He didn't understand a man comfort from start to finish, a non-plotter who couldn't follow the plot. Wasn't he though a true idealog of the conservative way? That was rubbery a rubbish claim that even Mrs. Statue found hard to make with a straight face, Ronald Reagan's son-let years of prosperity were built from the straw ballooning deficits. Live now, let old George Bush pay later. He believed in tax cuts but not hard choices. There was no pain to his gain, no structure reform, no reality of change to be battled through he let others pick up his tabs. And as for winning that last war, but too, the cold one before his drugs and terrorism, did Reagan pile in Christmasls in the European East star satellite dreams of zapping bad hats, truly win anything? Didn't he just watch the Soviet Union self-destruct on his watch? Was Reagan around for the Prague Spring which told the first story of the Empire's disintegration? The plain fact which nobody discerned is that everything the West said about unsustainable economic systems and ran shockable rock recies was right. The plain fact was that Soviet-Hagenmic Germany couldn't last and that the war was one mostly of mutual and comprehension. He had run it credit for not dropping the ball near the basket but don't make him FDR in the process. No, the towering lesson of Reagan's tenure was rather different. It was about what the job amount to do and how you needed to do it. Since the war in hardening and cooled his disastrous 30 or more years ago, a American expected and wanted more a Roosevelt to be referred, a toolman to be sustained, an academic experience in Kennedy filled with hope, acute LBJ in Clever of Tricky Dickie. Some of those choices went well on some more lousy but the hurdle of effort next were teased was set even higher. Could the system keep on producing? And then, ambling out a Sacramento in his, as his 70s neared, came Nancy and Ronnie in their matching check shirts. The erected man examination had been scratched and fuzzy. Their friends too fat and nest feathered for comfort but they talked to talk seemed to walk to walk and made the White House manageable again. You didn't need to engage brain if you could hire it for the duration. You didn't need to be brighter-bring it. Ah, Shucks, they made George's W. Possible. How do you like that? That's what they left us was Abu Ghara, right that. What a legacy, eh? He's a great. Aren't they really? Robert Perry writes, that's P.A.R.R.Y. What is his a long one? Wow. A.P. and Newsweek writer broke many of the stories now known as the Rand Conqueror Fear. Currently working on a book about the secret political history of the two George Bushes. Oh, I liked that. That's pretty long though. I don't want to start it now and then have to read this interrupt us. Maybe I can do this other one now before the break, you think? Good morning. Look at now. I'll try it. Push the break. John Nichols, Reagan's politics of passion. John Nichols in the nation. Speak for itself. Rise to sure that the radical we've worked in the history of the America witness in the hours after Ronald Reagan died Saturday at 93 will be temporary while the over-the-top media coverage and official commentary regarding the 40th president's passing has made him ought to be such an old-alty figure that otherwise rational people have been heard as a just that Reagan was the greatest president of the 20th century will not take long for a balancing to begin. The short order to the assessments of Reagan the man in his tenure in the over-the-off has will be tempered. Then conservatives and liberals will be free to consider this idiotologically driven and discarded president's record with eyes wide open. For now however, realism is in short supply, much to the detriment of not just the historical record but of Reagan's memory. All of a sudden the man who redirected tens of billions of dollars away from domestic needs to build up the largest nuclear arsenal on the planet, right up record deficits, some members of his administration investigated and indicted that a staggering rate and self-canceling in peach for allowing each to pay a shadow government that pedal weapons disworn enemies of the US and use the profits to fund illegal wars in Central America was remade as a statesman who restored dignity and direction to his country. While no one should be grudge Reagan's admirers this opportunity to be played those morning in America commercials that were deployed with such success during last-of-the-dance forth runs for the presidency, it's been embarrassing to watch pundits and polls who know better embracing the spin. The problem with all this hero warship is that the spin underestimates and mischaracterizes Reagan. It reduces a complex and controversial man-dway blurry icon with few other ruffages that made him one of the most remarkable political figures of his time. That he was remarkable doesn't mean that he was right, most of what Reagan did during his two terms as governor California and two terms as president can most terribly be described as misguided. Aside from his support for abortion rights during his governorship and his opposition to anti-Gay initiatives in California during late 70s, Reagan displayed an amazing ability to place himself on a wrong side of issues and of history. Yet there is something that liberals can and should learn from Reagan. Ronald Reagan was a master politician who understood how to package right-wing ideas in appealing enough forms to get himself elected and sometimes to implement his programs. Even when Americans didn't like the ideas that Reagan was peddling as in 1984 when Paul showed him a cowboy-demand-style ideas were significantly more popular they liked Reagan. Throughout his career Reagan benefited from the pinch of Americans to embrace politicians who seem to be at ease with their ideology. This sense that true believers are genuine creates confidence in citizens letting itself to lines like, even if he disagree with him you know where he stands, and such lines translate on election day into quotes that frequently crossed ideological and partisan lines. Reagan connected as a conservative by displaying an optimism about his ideology and his potential at most rightly need politicians before him it lacked, and that optimism transformed the conservative movement from a petty circle of grumbling cynics who believed that every glass was half empty and probably poisoned into energetic and dear if he said happy warriors on behalf of tax cuts ever more expensive weapon systems, corporate welfare privatization deregulation, and the blurring of lines between church and state. In the years after Republican right-winger very gold waters landslide loss of the 64 election many conservatives had doubts about whether they would ever be able to pedal their programs successfully but Reagan did not doubt he believed, and his faith was infectious it helped him be the liberal democratic governor California 1966 and a moderate democratic president 1980 and a permitted a new generation of conservatives to feel the report of a movement not just with principles but with the future. As that movement grasped its future during Reagan's presidency and its aftermath liberals especially those working within the constraints of the democratic party began to be the ones who entertained doubts many Democrats give up altogether the liberal values that accured the party to its critics the greatest successes and moved to the right it was a tragic error for which the democratic party continues to pay. The lesson to be learned from Reagan is not an ideological one his ideology was wrong for American wrong for the world something even Reagan sometimes recognizes when he backed away from those extreme tenants of the conservative agenda due for instance to defense social security and when he finally agreed at the behest of Margaret Thatcher to negotiate with reformist so we lead a Macaual Gorbachev. Rather the lesson to be learned from Reagan is the stylistic one. He loved preaching his conservative doctrines and he loved battling with liberals at the ballot box at the debate podium and in the capital it was a conservative first Republican second he showed no respect for party to quorum challenging a sitting Republican president 04 who he felt was too moderate and he was running the lose on principle whether in that 1976 nomination with Ford or during his presidential terms and fights with Congress over tax policy for an affairs or nomination to the West Supreme Court. Just imagine if Bill Clinton has been as committed to advancing an activist liberal ideology as Reagan was to his conservative agenda America might have an national health care plan today labor law reform could become a reality rather than empty promise the US would certainly have a more progressive judiciary and here's another notion if Clinton or Al Gore had put as much energy in enthusiasm and educating Americans about in promoting your liberal agenda as Reagan did for his conservative ideals the US today would have a different Congress in president this willingness to fight so fearlessly enforcefully for his political faith is what made the 40th president remarkable it is what inspired conservatives and it is the one thing that liberals would do well to learn from Ronald Reagan my life and law this is for trial by 60 but it's it's the one to two hour hey but輕ing, I believe that if you're havin' you this 했st oh, how do you make it up click? Yes, I mean employ look under the blue ashes When the evil stick will come upon, I'll be there. Right. On your knees. You got it. Go on. I'll be there. I'll be there. 150-50. It's our gigantic humongous smelly one to two. Look at that. We've got a paddle going on there between the Duke and Cano Reeves. Have we seen the two of them together? Well, they both walk funny. John Wayne 86. Cano Reeves 81. Kevin Costa 79. Keep in mind that John Wayne's name was Marion was his first never forget. Right. And anyway, Bert Reynolds, somebody says, and he deserves a lot of hosts, even though we like them in Boogie Nights and in deliverance a lot, right? But other than that, I think those smokey and abandon movies. All those movies he made with Dom De LaWise. I think that might have done an end. So Bert Reynolds would get some votes. And now somebody else who's on the side of Cano decide between Dan Acroid, which I don't know why that's on there. I like Dan Acroid. And Dustin Hoffman, which I like on both of them, will put them on or just to make you happy. I'll say. Okay. Adam Ruben from MoveOn.org. Bert Nimbovon, pack emails. I'm sure a lot of you probably on this thing too, aren't you? Yes indeed. Good. Says, do you move on, remember? If you've seen Letch and coverage like that, you know that all of John Kerry is growing stronger. I'll leave you never to let by the complexion of his face. And President Bush's support is following the country is still almost evenly divided. This means the election will hinge on turnout, which team can most effectively get its supporters to vote. Simply put, the win we must speak to millions of our fellow Americans about what's at stake in November, and why every single vote will count. If we do this, we will take back the White House and put a stop to the Bush administrations assault on the environment, civil liberties, jobs, choice, civil rights access to healthcare, not to mention world peace. This Saturday, June 12th, is the second election action day. And move on, members will be hitting into a neighborhood's director and or mobile as progressive voters in the local areas. As you may know, you live in a battleground state that will be critical in the sight of November election, please help. And it says, CD tells that your local events sign up, and then it's got a link for you to click. Says on May 8th, almost 10,000 move on, members contacted hundreds of thousands of voters during the first ever national election action day. Helping coalition with doesn't violate groups that was the biggest one they've voted for in American history and incredible display of the impact that concerns citizens can have when we put together. Think of this. If each move on, member registers two people between now and November, as this volunteer did, will register four million voters easily enough to sway the outcome of the presidential election. If we each register 10, we'll have registered 20 million voters and change the political landscape of this country completely. If you've never done this before, this kind of photo mobile saves might sound intimidating, but move on, members told us again and again how glad they were made to have had chance to do it. How you like that. So that's this Saturday, what I would do is just to go to move on.org if you're a member or even if you're not yet out to check it out. Reading Reagan a bogus legacy, this will have to be a two-part because I don't want to like rush through it by Robert Gary. I don't want to pop any oxies while I'm reading it. Robert Perry in the 80s while with the associated press in newsweek, he broke many of the stories now known as the Iran Conference scandal. He's currently working on a book about the secret political history of George Bush one and George both the W.A. tooth. He says the US news made his reaction to Ronald Reagan's death is putting on display what has happened to the American public debate in the US and Reagan's political rise in late 70s, a near total collapse of serious analytical thinking at the national level. Analytical thinking. Across the US television dial, then a major American newspaper is the commentary is spawning almost in a probed alike way, far beyond the normal reticence against speaking ill of the dead. Let the center commentators compete with conservatives to hail Reagan supposedly genius style and his alleged role in winning the Cold War. The Washington Post-Front headline Ronald Reagan dies was in giant type, more fitting the moon landing. Yet absent from the media commentary was the one fundamental debate that must be held before any reasonable assessment commutator Ronald Reagan as president see how why and when was the Cold War won. If, for instance, the United States was already on the verge of victory over a firing Soviet Union nearly to mid 70s as some analysts believe, then Reagan's two-historic role may not have been winning the Cold War but helping to extend it. If the Soviet Union was already in rapid decline, rather than the ascendancy that Reagan believed in the massive US military buildup in the 80s was not decisive, it was excessive. The terrible bloodshed in Central American Africa, including debt squad activities by US clients, was not some necessary evil, it was a war crime, aided and abetted by the Reagan administration. That debate, however, has never been engaged to sent by Reagan accolades who choose to glorify Reagan's role in winning the Cold War rather than examining the assumptions that guided his policies in the 70s and 80s. Although it's largely forgotten now, Reagan's rise within the Republican Party was as a challenger to the Dayton strategies pursued by Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger before the Watergate scandal forced Nixon from office and later by Gerald Ford. The Tant was in effect an effort to ease the Cold War to win end, much has finally occurred in the late 1980s, nearly 90s. Cold War years Nixon and Kissinger along with much of the Western Talden's community had recognized the systemic weakness of the Soviet Union, which was falling desperately behind the Western technology and the ability to produce consumer goods desired by the peoples of Eastern Europe. When only needed to look at nighttime satellite photos to see the disparity between the glittering city lights of North America, Western Europe and parts of Asia compared to the darkness across the Soviet block. Under this analysis of Soviet weakness, the 1970s was the time for the West to accept victory, it began transitioning in the Soviet Union and of its fairly economic model. Not only could that approach have hastened the emergence of a new generation of Russian reformers, it would have allowed worldly dues to pull back from the edge of nuclear confrontation. Third world civil wars also could have been addressed as local conflicts, not east-west test of strength. But American conservatives and a new group of neocons who would become the ideological backbone of the Reagan administration saw the situation differently. They insisted that the Soviet Union was on the rise militarily with pancies around the Western visually conquered by attacking through the soft underbelly of Central America. In 1976, NCI director George Herbert Walker Bush gave an important boost to this apocalyptic vision by allowing a group of conservative analysts including Jan Paul Wolfowitz inside the CIA's analytical division. The group known as the B team, Team B, was permitted to review honey classified US intelligence on the Soviet Union. Not surprisingly, Team B came up with conclusions matching its members' preconceptions that the CIA had underestimated the Soviet militarians ascendancy and its plans to gain world domination. Along with the team B analysis came the theories of academic gene Kirkpatrick, whom made a name for herself of an analysis that differentiated between authoritarian and totalitarian governments. In Kirkpatrick's theory, right-wing authoritarian governments were preferable to left-wing communist governments because authoritarian governments could have altered democracy while communist governments couldn't. These two factors, the team B take on the military rise of the Soviet block and the Kirkpatrick doctrines view of immutable communist regimes guided Reagan's foreign policy. Reagan relied on these analyses to justify both his massive US military buildup in the 80s, which put the US government deeply in the debt and is support for right-wing regimes that engage in bloodbats against their opponents, especially across Latin America. As far back as the late 1970s for example, Reagan defended the Argentine military junta while it was engaged in the use of state terror and was disappearing tens of thousands of dissidents. Those tactics included barbaric acts such as cutting babies out of pregnant women so the mothers could then be executed while the babies were given to the murderers. In the 1980s in Guatemala Reagan hated military regimes that weighed scorched earth campaigns against rural peasants including genocide against Indian populations. Reagan personally attacked the human rights reports describing atrocities and flippied on hundreds of May envelopes on December 4, 1982 after meeting with Guatemala and dictator General Afran Rios Mont. Reagan hailed the general as totally dedicated to democracy and assumed that the Rios Mont government was getting a bum rat. Tens of thousands more people died at the hands of right-wing security forces in El Salvador and Honduras while the Nicaragua run a Reagan funnel support to the compass, who would be able to kind of a debt squad in waiting committing widespread atrocities against Nicaragua and civilians by funding some operations for the cocaine trafficking to the US. If followed after or if followed that if the Soviet Union were on the verge of world conquest and it would mean permanent slavery then desperate measures were required. But the problem with a TV analysis in the Kirkpatrick doctrine is that both were wrong. The evidence is now clear that by the 1970s the Soviet Union was in sharp decline both economically and militarily. Rather than some grandiose strategy for World Conquest Moscow was in largely defensive posture trying to hold in line country countries near its border such as Eastern Europe and Afghanistan. The Helsinki Accords for Human Rights also were putting the Soviet Union under greater pressure as this in movements such as Poland solidarity took shape within Moscow sphere of influence. Besides greater personal freedom Soviet Black residents wanted the higher quality consumer goods available in the West even a bigger threat to Moscow's power was the growing chasm between Western technological advances and Soviet backwardness. By the late 70s and 80s the relatively modest assistance that Moscow handed up to friendly third-world regime such as Cuba and Nicaragua was more showed in substance. The Soviet Union had become a national potentkin village a holiday economy in bankrupt political system with nuclear weapons. Along with the miscalculations of team-beast strategic analysis they occurred Patrick Dockman failed to stand the test of time. Democratic governments crowded across Eastern Europe and the San Dinesis considered defeat in Nicaragua not as countries marched into Managua but following a lost election. Indeed if the Soviet Union had been what America Conservatives claimed the nation marching toward World supremacy in the early 80s how would want to explain its rapid collapse only a few years later. After all the Soviet Union was not invaded or conquered its true-vidits are for losses in Afghanistan but that would have no more brought down a true superpower than the Vietnam defeat could cause the US to collapse. Despite these facts the right wings historical take on the Cold War was one has been broadly accepted with the elite opinion circles of the US. Reagan's hard-line stance toward the Soviet Union caused the communist accrual given how powerful the right wing media machine had gotten by the early 90s. Liberals largely chose to see the Cold War debate of the Conservatives and tried to shift the public's focus to future US domestic needs. So instead of a sole searching examination of the unnecessary loss of blood and treasure the nation got a feel good history. Gond was any reassessment of the alarmist views associated with Ronald Reagan as ideological cohorts. Gond were any questions about whether the expenditure of hundreds of billions of dollars on new weapons systems was justified, whether the US government should be held accountable for the brutal accesses of counter-insurgency wars in Central America. The unpleasant history was shunned to decide or covered up. When declassified US government documents led to a judgment by a Guatemalan troop commission that the Reagan administration had been a bit of genocide it was a one-day story. When a CIA inspector general confirmed that many comp reunits had engaged in drug trafficking and were protected by the Reagan administration, the mainstream press only grudgingly acknowledged the story. Another little notice part of the Reagan legacy was his credentialing of a generation of the conservative operatives who learned the importance of manipulating intelligence from TV and about managing the perceptions of the American people from the Nicaraguan Comfort War. As Walter Raymond Reagan's chief of public diplomacy was fond of saying about how to sell the Nicaraguan conflict of the American people, the goal was to blue black cats on what the sand beast is and white hats on the contrast. George W. Bush's strategy for rallying the American public behind the war in Iraq, with hyped intelligence about military threats and extreme rhetoric about the evil of US adversaries, follows the game plan drawn up by Reagan's national security team in the 80s. Arguably two other troubling part of Ronald Reagan's legacy is the press corps's stultifying version of recent American history, a superficiality richly on display in the media pions to Reagan following his death. Oh well, wow, I think I'm out of steam. You getting the message? 113 at 560 QAF. My life and look all this is for speed of 560. Wait, who am I? What for? And in those it was three months that changed everything just thinking all along. You just need to let in the people who love it. If I don't want people in, then can't we hear? Yeah, my life is about the letting end of the people who love you to let the men and the trust them to cancel when they fall. I'm free to catch them, I've got to see you before. Okay. I don't like this doctor, boy. You know what Danny looks like saying, hey, you're a... And then, it's a doctor called her. And boy, it's called Tom. People who are fall, they don't catch you on the way down with your heart and your love. Are the thinking and for the eternity of life in a fighter? You're on August 29th, open your heart and pick it up when it falls. Mandy Moore or Jessica Beale. Sometimes the one who wins wins a real life or real life with a dream. That introducing Jake Renway, if a person who loves isn't there to catch you in a dream we fall. You don't die in real life. They've starred every movie with basically the same plot. Pretty white teams with problems. 118 at 5.60. WDQM. Here's a go on for the poll. Ben Affleck. Yeah. Amen. Says Trojano and they both sucks as a peat. Well, Jaila's already doing very well. She's moving on up rapidly. Uh, fact she's already in fifth place. John Wayne 89, Canterbury's 84, Kevin Costa Rated 2, James Dean's 70. And Jaila's moving right up on her ass 45. Although I think they're all safe. Judy Roberts 44, Marilyn Monroe 39. Well, Smith Scott 32, I'm pleased as punch to see that. Elvis 29, Vin Diesel 26, Arnold 24, Mel Gibson 16, everybody else has got the old single digits. Oh, we had a faciest today from Sturring Gill and Homestead, remember? Yes, I do. About Al Gore and the Mayor of penis bikini. Yeah, I got to figure out how I said it. Gorses and this was in Sunday's hero, which I'd miss. I'm about that. You'll definitely like to never. So I looked it up and I'm glad I did. Former Vice President Al Gore, who you notice lately he's starting to get. I wish he would have pushed up by her for a day. Al Derrick, drag the good name of the United States of America. Who's the mud of Saddam Hussein, Hooracher, Prismar Bougar, rape that one. Yeah. Former Vice President Al Gore, who lost a 2000 presidential election by allegedly 537 votes in Florida, on Saturday called Miami-Dade Mayor Alex Pennellis, the most, the single most treacherous and dishonest person I dealt with during the campaign. Anywhere in America. Absolutely correct. The statement was emailed by a Gorses spokesman, a response to a Harold Incorey of A Pennelles role in the 2000 campaign. Gorses reported to say the Vice President had counted on Pennelles for a late boost in the Hispanic community, and the mayor didn't come through. What a stunky as man at Pennellis. What up, Puts? The harsh remarks came just to be must before Pennelles faces a democratic primary election for the West Senate. Gorses repurchased good seriously damaged the mayor's bid to succeed Senator Bob Graham. Oh, right. Since party loyalists tended down on a turnout in the primary. In a telephone interview Saturday evening, Pennelles defended himself saying he was by Gorses side from the very beginning. Oh, my God. Al Gore has arrived to be upset about the election, but he had he won his home state at 10 to see a West Virginia. We wouldn't be here, Pennelles said he also was an explanation, is to why he went into the October to engage in Florida. He said Gore had declined to return his phone calls to discuss the 2000 campaign. The mayor has been defending his loyalty to Gore for a four year in response to a tax or a democratic rival. U.S. representative Peter Doic, you vote Peter. The congressman went so far as to boycott last to his Florida Democratic Party dinner in his hometown of Hollywood, because Pennelles was receiving an award there. Then at a reason for him, Pennelles has described himself as a strong Gors supporter, but the vice president statement said, Not all who claimed of a supportive and loyal, truly were. Gore who rarely gives interviews added in his statement as the campaign moves forward and when appropriate, I'll have more to say about this and we can't wait for that. Stick it to him now. Stick it. Stick both of your feet right up his old vacuum shoot. In fact, Gore went out of his way to praise Doic, who is serving congress in 1992 saying on the statement, Peter Doic is a good and dear friend who has been a stand-up leader for our party in difficult times, such as the 2000 election recon Florida. Pennelles did help raise hundreds of thousands of dollars for Gore anywhere in with both in in 1996 and when he hit it at the ticket in 2000. During one fundraising trip to Miami, Gore and Pennelles toast to the victory with Cuban Capacito, is what is that? Little coffee. At the reception, Pennelles dushed to the crowd, we're so looking forward to calling you president Gore. The mayor also targeted Gore on Spanish language radio, a main source of political news for Hispanic voters, There were rumors that he might even become his running mate. The political horror that he is mayor, penis pecania. But relations between the two men afraid, after five year old Ilian Gonzalez was rescued at C. on Thanksgiving Day 1999. Many from Pennelles' political base, the heavily Republican Cuban American community, Tuck to the streets and rage when federal agencies little Ilianito at gunpoint from his relative's home in Senate back to his father in Cuba. They seized in right on the hands of the fisherman. Though president Clinton and attorney general Jan. Rina were the most visible players during the crisis, many Cuban ex-Islamant Gore were the federal government that returned the boy to a progressive regime. Pennelles kept his distance to, instead of joining Gore when he cleansed the democratic nomination in March in Tallahassee, Pennelles attended his own fund raisers there. And obviously, skip the democratic national convention to focus on his eight-relection opponents. On October 18th, the day after his swearing in Pennelles was a no-show, and he has spanned it out the vote rally in Hailea, later that day he and his wife headed to Spain to Espania, on a trip that was part of a case in part trade mission, he didn't return to October 30, but turned him in. He had a very good time to be put in the election. Mitchell Burger, leading Gore fundraiser, said he and others help raise out of state money for Pennelles. Uh, so we could avoid a runoff and spend more time rallying his panic voters for the rise president. Alice Pennelles did not help Al Gore during the most crucial time said Burger, who was supporting Doich. Doich in contrast was a constant presence at the Brown County Recony conferred federal investigation of Routy protest a date at the Recony 4 Church of Thamonos. Jack S's from out of town were sent in, so they could pound on the door going. He hosted fund raises for Gore donated 250 grand for his congressional account, one of the largest contribution of its kind of an national campaign. Both supporters and critics of Doich thought his assault time pennelles might backfire, Gore statement gives Doich more ammunition than he could hope for. I would like to thank the vice president for his graciously sure support and for saying what needed to be said Doich said to spokesman Roy Teisher, former Florida Education Commissioner Betty Castor, Hollywood businessman Bernard Klein will also be on the primary of Valid, they got no chance. Although Pennelles has been politics for 17 years, this is the first time he's run as a Democrat, all of his past campaigns for the highly, highly acidic council date counter commission and date mayor bin nonpartisan. Still he's been one of the party's best fundraisers. He's also embraced court democratic values proceeding for gun control standing up for gay rights and spearheading a constitutional amendment to require public pre-kind of garden. If some people want to measure my democratic credentials by the 2000 election that's fine Pennelles said, I've been loyal and dedicated Democrat for a long time. You should look so long. How do you like that? That alienator thing man, that was the real chigrin woodpower right there, little alienito in the abolos and sister Jean the dance and machine and a janirino and a fisherman and a mirror's greasy ass and the drug and The other ones and the planes and planes that was a little alienator the backyard, it's a plane. He was doing his best early villages, amitation in this fun, you'll explain take me back to Cuba. Oh no, that's not what you meant. Oh, no, no, whatever you say. All right, let's get some more calls in here because I'm just I don't know what the hell inspired me on this. This, huh? It's fun. What? I'm enjoying it. Fine for you because you're sitting back around your ass not having to listen all these important commas that we get. Although a circuit court trade trial date of July 26 has been set this more up Josh's now, since he's a Jackson ever. A circuit court date trial of July 26 has been set for mommy football recruit Willie Williams. Does anybody care about Willie winning? I'm a fellow knee charge of illegally setting off fire extinguishers even as attorney continued to seek a plea bargain that would lower the led defense to a misdemeanor. Come on boys, I'll be boys. Let Willie play. Well, even I can't believe that, okay. Setting off of fire. Remember that? Yeah. Why do we care about that? He was also charged with a misdemeanor for hugging a woman against a werele on the same business to a gamesville. Oh boy, and his due back in gamesville on June 15th for case management conference on that was defense for a case management conference. What is that? That's illegal round by the way. What? Hugging women against their will. Yeah, I just walk an attempt and give him a big hug in the case. Only Richard Simmons is allowed to do that. Oh, and also the guy that used to be on PBS. What was his name? That's streamer that, uh, claiming. Mr. Rogers. No, no, no. The guy that used to have that show where he'd go on the audience and give him a nice delicious hug. What was that guy that, uh, that pseudo like a screaming doctor's girl, that kind of guy? Well, you know who I'm talking about? No. Yes, you do. We used to talk about him all the time. We did. Yeah, he wants to give you a nice delicious hug. Delicious hug. Delicious. The scottie. The scottie. The scottie. The scottie. You got it. Now where did that come from? Book of Brian is in the studio here. Oh, Leo Baskadion. That's the one that nobody was with that. Wasn't he the love doctor? Something like that they called him? The love doctor. I don't know that guy. I know what he was. Hey, me. Oh, I'm be honest with you. If it would have been me, I'd have given hugs to much better looking people in that. But I guess I guess to get to one good one. You got a hug of few ugly people first, right? That's what I always say. Twenty seven after one is five, sixty WQM hate by now. You all know about balance for life. Is that correct? And we know the big issue for most of you is you do the five day plan or the seven day plan. People are having fist fights about this all over town. And the plan day plan doesn't include the weekends, but if you just want a few meals on Saturday and Sunday, the seven day plan's good all the meals. But what if you have dinner plans for the weekend? It's all or nothing with that seven day plan. Well, now balance for life being the ingenious people of the other created these six day plan. On Friday night, you'll get one bag, one sack for the entire weekend, kind of like what mode tries to use. So you can choose which meals you want to eat and win. The best part about this plan is since balance for life is the only meal of a service that offers you choices. You can choose meals from either of these Saturday at Sunday menu. I hope you're following this because it's pretty complicated. And and to this plan, if you tell the wonderful people at balance for life where you're going to eat out, they'll take you which items on the menu are balanced for life approved. What a complete service. And balance for life is working exclusively with the heatwork arrest runs, the label menu items balance for life approved. One of these days, the lowest know which restaurants they are will tell you. So move over. Atkins the zone is the way to go to lose that fan, but disgusting unhealthy. And as you look in fat, plus keep an eye out on that website balance for life.com for new and exciting changes to log on now and register for their newsletter. Balance for life.com or column toll free. One, eight six six two two five twenty five forty three. That's one eight six six two two five forty five forty three. Five local six is five six three years old. Your. Welcome. And now this, why the hell don't you go home? And stop all of that, or why they're You're a rumble, and crazy, you'll go You know back if you will, is your pop-up Where you can lay in the mud You know back if you need an end to a lot of You guys go away, we're all fed up And they're gonna go, let it go Why don't you go home? Why don't you go home? Jailing under the forest, go home, every bus All alone, oh! And you're lazy, I don't want to go back I like shopping for free toys better You've got your Pokémon, teacher And you're making out yours You've had your fun, you know, start packing So they can get you out of here And set the point where we can stand it Everybody's out of the door Above all the rules of the cracker You're a fool, you're done, it's all right now Hey, hey, hey, hey, you're done, it's Why don't you go home? You're a fool, you're done, it's all right now You're a lazy look, they're giving away free Assinate green cards, can I have one? We're 70% of our lives Have you ever gone travel? You've only been increasing your 99 pounds You're adding our space and Patreon We're completion of the Programming program It's our own money Don't you panic, you're 大 Laureate Guilup��서 ağor a min haar In my presence a kid We got a start panoring with the new Hispanics or coming in from Latin America. How we're gonna do that? They'd like to see the crews probably not. Oh, no, they're probably on to him. She they knew he was a guy. She it was a guy We're gonna have to learn about a whole different culture what there. Yeah millions and chickens of new people are coming in a Florida. They're not the old banana bull crowd that you know your people I had that Miguel reminds me they could they call it food board They call her one food board. Yeah, football with a UFU TV. Oh, well, that's correct Football what does he know? Anyways, be good of a live. I let's take some calls. Okay, because I'm just burned out. I think I overdid it today I apologize profusely not For just reading this is like those awful seven months when I just said he were reading and reading and Miguel He did it like poison and which that I would die. It was just despised it hated it Not too bad I'm not programming to some but animal mentality like you used to have it until you finally wise them Until you finally realize what fashion is it really all about huh Season thick fascism was all that bad taken back to Batista But what else does he know about Batista 5 6 7 0 5 60 made the trains run in time? Who you like better fan she's still or come and Easter or Batista? I'm not a good watch WQM hello I know it WQM hello Do I am Hey Uncle Neil yes, sir I'm sure I'll be beaten this today today with this intense if I could he crowd but I bought them cusp bottles Yeah, or you don't call we have one call on it Are you serious? I missed most of this year. I mean, I was kind of he's so agh I thought somebody would have called no not one I would play the occosing seconds of the game in a crowd reaction. I played it twice But no cause because we have no hockey fans in South Florida and they're jealous of the attempt of a lightweight who played so great in the bread Richards And Nikolae hobby bull in the whole crowd and I great play that that video the Cavalier made us out the second goal It was not an awesome series. It got exciting when it got to the sixth game Some of the first four or five games man. We just coma inducing was pretty bad crap But when it got to the sixth game in that went over time and then we set up that seventh game I don't know how you cannot have an exciting aesthetic of final when it goes to the seventh game. It was pretty intense I hear that was like only 16 One in a couple series is that right that one Something like that 13 or 16 Now I'm really kind of out of the loop is though We're not looking at no season for next year still is it right now? Don't look too good You got two group balls you got Bob good now on a one side was a jackass you got your eventman is a little trip was in denial on the other side And I don't see any way that they're gonna prevent a lockout. I just can't see it And if they do have the lockout I think the NHL the future the whole league is in real big trouble if they do that Nice nice Yeah, what do you think of the coaching change with Florida now? With my team of being the team? I think it's a disaster. I think it's ridiculous They can't keep in because they didn't want him in the first place now they're bringing him back because Yuck Mark Tans that he wanted him because they went they were college buddies together all the Southern bullcraft They they Alan Cohen hasn't got any idea of how to run a franchise and here Rick Dudley They were saying oh, well, here's the guy that built up Tampa to what they are today They're gonna be a dinosaur. They want to cut last night and I'll Rick Dudley's gone So what was all that BS about Alan Cohen? He's just flailing around desperately because the franchise is on a way out. I'm afraid Oh God help us all thanks for catching me up good luck paly and say how to go to you today I'm saying it be the burger bad news like that. I never less let's see here's hiding out of the bed Mind me still under there, but it came out in time to a fact this to us I attended the Florida Democratic Convention last year Alice Penalis was the only person food by the people when he got up to speak They really stuck it to him. All I can say that is right well deserved Alex you'd liar You phony hey, I wonder how he and what's his name we're doing Mickey Erson He's left the Mickey the voters in day two people forget about that liar liar your Guaya vera's on fire It says I'll mishmit myself on a herd of EP sure list for curie not since the Librum and pick by L if I heard such miserable Anomination news Michael more for VP could you correct? There's a great idea. I'm all for that. Let's do it Then it says could you please play the Algor macaroon Well You can find it. No one was now go Algor I have never heard or seen Four years ago you guys may hear an amenations will be by the president Who's that son Brad? I've been watching you You're not a rain on Delvin And if I could have your silence I would like to demonstrate for you The Algor version of the macaroon Locker rain The macaroon Would you like to see it again Hang on Hang on I When you are alarm goes off in the morning Locker rain When one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit Locker rain And Garvey Drags a good name of the United States of America who's the man on Saddam Hussein Culture That was a great segue. I like the way those two kind of like Blend it together there. What a nice mix and match. Should we get okay? 141 and five Don't tell me at five 60 WQM add dog coming up until we got the hopper from Somewhere he's at the Seminole Hard Rock casino where they are just pack it him in The Humphrey will be there for hopefully keep moving from the buffet Marlon's on deck at 630 and Marlon's at the Indian 705 any k after the baseball game and overnight It's a put loss if you're trying to lose weight If you're one of these ziggins of fat people out there if they if you're put with your saying and weigh over your belly You probably try one of those the low carb diets like the Atkins or the Waterhole mushroom. I don't want to mention the South Beach diet because it really pisses me off Anyway The lights of west bokeh is helped thousands of low carb diet is achieved their weight loss goals because today shopping for the right low carb products is become more and more difficult They defcell have you said tough? Most of the so-called low carb products on the grocery store shelves will not even help you lose weight because a lot of Marlon Fuller cramps selecting foods with the right ingredients as well as the lowest carbs That's what it's all about that's the key and the life focus is on over a thousand of the right low carb food items and products And you can try any of them in the store before you buy them to that's a great thing They have knowledgeable sales staff to guide you the success So if you're on the Atkins the sugar boosters the South Beach the what's your name? Susanne Summers summarized this or any low carb sugar free diet head for the lights of west bokeh the number one low carb store in America I'm happy reach your important weight loss goals He lets us open every day seven days weight from 10 to 10 and you find the lights of west bokeh on the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston market. They used to be Boston chicken or column toll free at 1 877 low carb Hello, WCA RV or on the web you'll find them at low carb calm. That's the lights of west bokeh's your official Atkins retail center David's a bitch Wait a walk I I am going to... Why you are gonna smack you? Then I will... I know my smell of Dracula. Hey! But unlike that you... You still got such a... I feel just like that you are my favorite... And what you need to worry about me? That's why you are still not buying it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's not going to go into... Oh, no, no, no, no, no. That's not going to go into... I'm on a show and I'm on a show. In the two... Oh, yes. If we do the soul fight... All right, that's enough. 147 at 560 WQM. I've under those two are getting along any better you think. Oh, probably not. How's that really possible? Well, Gellby's just gonna have to be sound himself to the fact that A does not gonna be in the hocky season next year. And B, Joe Rose don't want him on his show under any pedalated death. And that's it, he's stuck. You know what I mean? What do you mean? He's a screwed. Let's see, how's that pull coming along? Who... I like the pull question there. I thought it was pretty good if I say so myself. Who is the most overrated movie actor or actress of all time? John Wayne... One-oh-eight. The Duke. They try to catch the Duke. Kevin Costner 91. Canter Reeves has got 90. Boy, they hate him like poison. And he's overly so. Except that I wanted to movie. Maybe which I can't think of what it was. James Dean 72. Jay Lowe 53. She's moving up there with the boys. Judy Roberts right on her ass with 46. And that's a lot of territory to cover. Marilyn Monroe 43. See, we're not talking about... And I think they do get it. We're not talking about today. Look good. I mean, were they beautiful? Would you like to do? We're not talking about that. We're talking about where they really are. Great actor, actresses. And there's a lot of hype involved. Which is why people like James Dean and Marilyn Monroe are doing so well. Because, by frankly, Marilyn Monroe would have been like very mediocre looking, which her face was not like reading the first place. But if she'd been really margin-looking, uh, forget about it, right? Right. Then she probably still be alive because the Kennedy's wouldn't have to get her killed. Will Smith 34 of Indiesville 33, Elvis 31, Arnold Scott 25, Mel Gibson 16. I'm just doing the double digits. Brad Pitt doesn't. Charlton has to live in. Now, what did we decide Brad Pitt was good in the river? Not a river runs to Rosell. California with the K. Although, California with the K was good, he wasn't bad in what you call it a river runs through it or whatever that was. Is that the name of that movie? There's so many river movies. With Craig Sheffer? No, you know the one where they were the Fishermen. He was the Fisherman. He was always the flyfish. He was like seven in the other river. Seven. What is it? Seven. But Morgan Freeman. He was good in seven when he said, what's in the box? Come on, Josh. Man. Between, between Duncan Donuts and what's in the box? Maybe it's stuck in Donuts in the box. Maybe it's not his wife after all. It's a good movie. It was a good movie. I agree with that. Actually, he's acting. You know what his acting star really going south and that movie is when the last scene there. The last 15, 20 minutes when he was in the police car. Take it about to where he was. The drop off thing was. Which, why did they do that in the first place? You know? You're not supposed to do that about movies because it's just what it is. It's entertainment. But why did they get sucked into that? You knew some crap was going to happen. Right. Of course it was too late by the anyway because the deal was already done. His wife said was, why did she not said that? His wife said it was already on her shoulders. Well, that way if anybody hasn't seen it yet, they know that her heads in the box. It's going to be really bad. Or I had a lot of it. His behavior in a cop car and a whole thing. His acting star, they're really getting worse and worse. He started thinking, I'm so, hey, I'm Brad Pitt. I can't act. And then when they got, what's in the box? That was just, you just want to scream. You want to how, I'll even Morgan Freeman was like pointing out. You couldn't me? Wasn't he? Was that Denzel Washington? I know. Was that Van Diesel? Well, I get Camel. Van don't use, okay. It was Van Halen. 560560. Or maybe he was in Halen. Palm 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. WDQM, hello. Well, about OG Simpson. OG Simpson is a bad actor. He's, okay. If anybody ever consider more real actor, I don't think he qualifies, right? No. Huh? I mean, we hate him. We hate all the poison we'd like to put him on him, but we're not going to do it. Because nobody considers him a real actor. We consider him a bad actor in every aspect of that expression and a bad man. And a bad man, man. He ain't no man. He's a, uh, big. Whatever you want to put there in front of bag, he's a bag. Anything that sounds like dirt or rhymes with it or substitutes for it. As in slime bag, as in bag. All the bags that we can't say no more because we live in a fashist state. We're freedom of speech is just a fantasy. We never really had it in the first place, but now, man, is that a distant fantasy or what? Yeah, sure. Freedom of speech, my ass. I mean, my, back to sorry. My fat ass. That's okay. What if he said that mad dog coming up next? I wish I had time to read the story from Doug Thompson again, the one from capital, whatever it is. You could read fast. Huh? Read it fast. No, you know, the one I started out with because it's so damn scary. President Bush is increasingly erratic behavior in wide mood swings as the halls of the West Wing buzzing lately as he's privately expressed growing concern over their leader's state of mind. In meetings with top-aged administration officials, the president goes from quoting the Bible in one breadth to overseen tantrums against the media, Democrats and others that he classifies the enemy of the state. Worryed what households painted portrait of a man on the edge, increasing the wary of those that disagree with them in paranoid of a public that no longer trust his policies in a rack or at home. It reminds me of the Nixon days as a long time GOP political room's consultant with contacts in a White House. Everybody's an enemy, everybody's out to get it. And that's the mood over there. In interviews with the number of White House staffers who were running to talk off the record, a picture had a administration under siege his emerged led by a man who declares his decisions to be God's will and then tells AIDS to F over anyone that considered to be an opponent of the administration. Wread war, there's no doubt about it, what I don't know anymore is just to the enemy might be says, one troubled White House aid, we seem to be spending more time trying to destroy John Kerry than al-Qaeda and our enemies list us keeps growing and growing. AIDS, say the president gets hung up on minor details, micro managing to the extreme while ignoring the bigger picture. He'll spend hours personally reviewing and approving every attack at against his democratic opponent, then kiss off a meeting on economic issues. This is what Killing a Center rack one aides said we lost focus, then the president kind of hung up on a weapon to match destruction and an unproven link to al-Qaeda. We could have found other justifiable reasons for the war but the president insisted the focus day on these two tenuous items. AIDS who raised questions quickly find themselves shut out of access to the president or top advisors, among top officials present Bush's inner circle is shrinking, Secretary of State Colin Powell is falling out of favor because of his growing doubts about the administration's war in Iraq. This is the part I just want to get through again. The president's abruptest missile of George Tenetwood, then it is eight same example of how he works. Tenetwood to quit last year, but the president got his back up and wouldn't hear of it says the need. They would have been the opportune time to make a change, not in the middle of a election campaign, but when the director challenged the president during the meeting on Wednesday, the president kind of off by saying that's it, George. I cannot abide this lawyerly. I want your resignation and I want it now. And there's a little bit more on our website. How do you like that? I like the award we're looking for there is just like that. Bye bye! I'm a good one. I'm a good one. I'm a good one. I'm a good one. Abu Ghar Rim.