That the Lord even loves you, Rogers. You are the students, I am the Gigi, and I am the Lord, the Indian. I believe it is better than yours. But we like about it best, I find our book is in where the dress, my Gigi is in better than yours. I believe it is better than yours. What we believe is what we are the rules. We have no rules, I have to go with it, and drive it down to my friends and I believe it is better than yours. I believe it is better than yours when we got new from the library just got to better than yours. I believe it is better than yours. You bought my dress that goes to the side of the cake and don't go to my religion's better than yours. I believe it is better than yours, I believe it is better than yours. We believe it is better than yours. I believe it is better than yours. My religion's better than yours. I believe it is better than yours. I believe it is better than yours. I believe it is better than yours. I believe it is better than yours. I believe it is better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We were taught it right, our bikes and bikes and bikes and their bikes and bikes. I believe it is better than yours. I believe it is better than yours. I believe it is better than yours. Please don't mind the rules, our bikes and bikes and bikes and bikes and bikes and bikes. All right, so I'm going to go to the conclusion, let's see who we're going to kill today. 1041-19 before 11. Let's go to the chat chat square and do a remote. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go back into chat with Brian, cp, epd, pv, pc, pc, pp, p, pp, pp, p p, pp and td, pp, pp, pp, pp, anytime. Let's go back into chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go to the chat. Let's go back to the chat. Let's go back to the chat. Hoping we won the chat. who are just deaf on any former casino gambling because you know a lot of they'd extract the money very casually from your wallet right right they left it right they rob you lightly as opposed to those casinos that just you just keep pouring in their impudging your guts out until the bill start bringing you in like five grand legendary filmmaker was myers dead all but that's bad news now they probably have some pumps out there you guys we don't know who was myers which is really said because you're really missing out right was myer who helped spawn the skin flick with sex films as faster pussycat killed kill and vixen is died he was 82 myer died Saturday this moment but the news the good news takes a little while to get down the pike myer died Saturday this home in the Hollywood Hills California court was company rm films ink spokeswoman jettis coward said myer had suffered from dementia and died of complications of pneumonia he suffered from dementia well I was not the new with him I don't know that he had that took him for a lot of a long time myers films were considered product graphic in their time but are less shocking but they standards with their focus on violence and large busted women a rat but little graphic sex although he took proof uh... produced directed finance role edit shot at least twice he films a cludian's debut the amorous strategic uh... t's mr. t's nineteen fifty nine and nineteen sixty eight film vixenus successor and him notice from major studios he went on to direct the major studio released beyond the valley of the does which is covered in by film critic roger ebert that queen nineteen ninety six interview with the eight p maridis grabbed this film's is passion plays beauty again something that's totally evil myer was on a polligated for his movies arguing the on screen female alluded to the customers in tv seats he maintained that women like the films the girls picked out of the guys he said i've always played well at the ivey league cornell Dartmouth i never encountered a b-rated woman myers work made a matured and critical claim he was honored at international film festivals his movies were discussed in college courses his work was shown a top museums his nineteen sixty six classic five fifty can't kill kill about three hip-go-go-go club dances are going to ventral murder scre against the men who did them wrong still makes the art house rounds the film is not to be a director of the women maridis there were three tough copies to deal with besides they get what's coming you married three times is to the site to say that no survivors that's the best league no survivors right just spend every time you got an end-go kind of into a state of dementia like florida for example go look a bit like that and just croak and that's it i've got a rust but i say all the images on our website today on behind a bit of curtain would john asked about his dignity drawn this you a thing looking down at the totally new view i think he's enjoying it come right down to it he probably got the biggest collection of porn over on the facelift you know just like the catholic church you know a lot of navigators right i'll speak as the crying and denying it it's well known that the Vatican has the largest question for an on-refery anywhere in the universe right for research purposes of course we'll do something kill that time yes that's it route but before forget uh just become aware of possibly the most political uh politically active politically correct website that i've encountered lately second only the alrager's dot com yes no more bushgirls dot com really yeah that's patriotic you'll want to uh stand up in salute i'll be damned now is this something a porn graphic yeah well good excellent i thought we probably ought to put a link to it on our bed we were in thing okay in the meantime Vanessa alvadians not to be confused with any other Vanessa Williams this one of course let's see boardmark's 18th nineteen sixty three in the Bronx which makes her thirty uh one forty one right forty one okay johnson family vacation two thousand four and guess who she played in that movie herself right keep the faith baby tv movie w w w w three two thousand one divas christmas curals shaft uh donkey hoady courage to love lighted up adventures of emmo and grouch land future sport uh dance with me soul food hoodlum the audacity eraser by a library made for tv nothing last forever score with chiccia who was in by by birdie pollen i believe when i was it uh one of the uh Jackson said american dream and american nightmare stomping at the subway hardly david cinnim all bromine and it goes on a whole bunch of stuff here she is stark naked as a table Vanessa L. Williams not to be confused with a many many other Vanessa Williams is right now here is the article of the century and thank you fat little tub very jackass okay little couch potato very jackass if we want to know what's going on at w q and we ask regree do we ask the flinsy we ask terret's dero dog god forbid what did you know that would be because they'll either pretend they know nothing or they'll just lie through their teeth or both of the above very jackass writes this morning in the herald man it's quits channel tension and by the way i guess you talked about this for two hours yesterday on his entire show before we get to that the most important part of this story which may be a little um uh known information up until now is about the hopper hey you know like the end of the tunnel for the fact that was and for the rest of us too were praying just praying just like the uh grass hopper in the praying mattress were rubbing our hind legs together just praying that he comes back and we get things else right now there and that mogos on in the bull pan oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh anybody's got the bull it's the mole man double the qm general manager Greg reads said he will meet his week with top shot host Hank Goldberg the first thing he's going to say Hank is going to say the Greg is stupid the first contact in schoolberg was his fun and August third for comments about Marlon's owner Jeffrey Lory's marital situation although redeclainus said Goldberg will return he could be on the ear back soon if the meeting goes well the offense announcer Howard Mohour David it's a dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot continue filling in for Goldberg including the saxonone at four right after the mad dog let's pick up the mad dog he is the man you know this story here is exactly why people from coast to coast from political perspective myr and cover his uh goods WQM Tasha host and dolphins analyst him and it's quit his part-time gig as a channel 10 commentary yesterday after a disagreement with stage management about no joke what kind of beer he drinks man did city received a call earlier in the day from director news director bill Paovi a channel 10 according to managed officials from president a the sponsor of channel 10's Monday edition sports day and live were offended that managed was drinking high against a chula state to after monday show ended sign it in the program originates from that restaurant now again that's the part that really gets me in other words that it wasn't that he was written on the air he was drinking it after the show ended managed that he told Paovi you tell those guys from president a to kiss my ass managed that he was so angry with hobeys call and he says you could have fried an egg on my face I told I think you're sure stinks although I think he probably said sucks I don't want to be a part of it anymore is there any part of that message you don't understand that is the man done right there that sentence right there that is definitive right that's him that's it Paovi city told man it's I'm not going to tell you what kind of beer to drink but if we could appease a client that would be a professional thing to do added channel 10 general man group David boirland you don't put on a jets jersey in the often locker room to the presidency people schulestay two is the locker room panic in a deferred refusal on the show they have to not renew at no time did presidency demand jimman it's drink their beer boirland city would like managed to stay with channels and I have the highest regard for jimmy says I would like to keep this part of the show I'll suspect president plays wishes it seems a little bit of an immaturity going on here I regret jimms response would be to walk last because he's got a big pair and he isn't going to take any crap from anybody any beer company any little funky program director news director anybody and it's our mad dog which is why he's loved right and famous from coast to coast like I said right right man I'm going there mad dog now or and let's get to today's poll now okay before we do anything else I think this is one of my most masterful polls of all time will be fantastic timing too nice going you'll thank you today's poll on the arrages that come on here through uh viewing Vanessa Williams at length who's gotten screwed worst at w q a m now we could have put some other names on here if we'd said who got the screwed most of q a m but another poll suppress another poll yeah or hold in that poll for later on so to speak so screw a he didn't make this one who's gotten screwed worst at w q a m we got a nice list of 10 here hey coldberg Joe Rose Jeff D. Ford a forest the arrages no Howard David did do do do do do do you Joe and Mark Joe's a gackie Bill's infar George Rodriguez or Miguel Escobar now Miguel's not going to get many votes because most people don't know him other than occasionally he's sitting in there making a few comments about Cuba and a background but and of course ripped off most of my baseball tickets this season but the bottom line is that Miguel considers himself have been screwed over because he's been lied to almost as many times as the rest of us remember that when Doreen was chasing all around the building the owner of the arena queen who we used to be the promotions director then they made Miguel promotions director when she finally got camp and uh especially more money I don't know if he ever did get them all the way to the yes yes eventually he did that did happen but they sure strong him along and hunger him out to dry and all that stuff bad news again Dale California comedian Rodney danger fields looked into a coma while recovering from heart surgery and recent weeks but it's starting to show where a size of awareness is like Joe said yesterday the 82 year old performer whose was reported by a spokesman who had been hooked to a respirator in intensive care since undergoing a heart valve replace the notice 25 was able to breathe on his own for the past 24 hours danger field fell into a light coma couple weeks ago but after recent visits from his family and close for close friends Rodney is trying to show signs of awareness and we're all hopeful that he'll regain full consciousness soon he said in the same issue through his publicist Kevin Sasaki we're hoping that he'll regain full consciousness kind of like our it matter fact you know who's going to come back I guess wasn't conscious I think maybe when last decade inspired another week or so I think maybe the shoes marks your might come back what do you think I don't the brain stem she said danger filter mains in stable conditional raw and that our family remains optimistic that Rodney will make a complete recovery you do remember to pay the speaking of sure the state too that Hank was interviewing the brain stem done sure after it to a clock back in the day when Hank used to follow this show and I was I was after talking about Hank is going to have his special guest today the brains stem and of course say little that I realized the school of a sitting with the headphones of course he didn't have any clue what I was talking about who I was anymore he's he's he's been conscious the stem appeared to be to conflict in some respects with previous information provided by Sasaki who said last week the danger field was conscious when friends in fellow entertainer such as Jayle and over was Angie and Kerry and Adam Samov as it in at the UCLA medical center danger field came for his self-deprecating one ladders in the Kent Fraser can't get no respect as into a string of health problems in recent years and maybe Hank had any good crappy there may be no good Schmidt which is what he wants most maybe they got like maybe they got the tuban is uh throw you think yeah the bulging eye committee and I doubled bypass surgery in March of 2000 operations were you must later correct an annualism or is that an annualism you also serve it a mile hard attack November 2001 other was he's been in pretty good shape last year he had a one a brain bypass operation I bet you that's what Greg read under one now polling moly all of a sudden a little like bubble off in my head a brain bypass operation ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha let's be it so reduce the risk of a stroke during or immediately after his art valve replacement or and it was really interesting because by long distance mufflands here operations manager was taking my temperature again for Greg today well I said it that's a little bit pain for that long thermometer they keep some inserting you know a little bit much stuff went and out I'd pull that baby out catch Stevens boy I'm going to tell you we got some very dangerous evil doers out there in your country it is hard to work to make sure that they don't have access to you man along the to Washington flight was there for you to mean yesterday when it was discovered past your use of islam formerly known as senior camp Stevens was on a government watchlist in bar from the country to federal officials said United Airlines flight 919 was on route to vellis international airport when the match was made between a passenger at a name on the watchlist said Nico Malender's on the list to a rest of me watch it probably a beiner a spokesman for the TSA the time was meant by federal agents and means banger international airport around 3 p.m. and it was shown on CNN this morning they shown the cast Stevens was set on his way federal officials identified the past year islam they said he was denied entry on national security grounds but had no details about why they peace acted as Michael consider a risk to the US well I think that's fiction writings right there right the peace activists right all the way like that here we are on the morning some meeting oh yeah Almost has gotten dark parece 어렵 with poth notre you kill for ice a jim Bad , You'll be thrilled to see you again. You'll be thrilled to see you again. You'll be thrilled to see you again. You'll be thrilled to see you again. You'll be thrilled to see you again. You'll be thrilled to see you again. You'll be thrilled to see you again. You'll be thrilled to see you again. You'll be thrilled to see you again. You'll be thrilled to see you again. You'll be thrilled to see you again. You'll be thrilled to see you again. You'll be thrilled to see you again. You'll be thrilled to see you again. You'll be thrilled to see you again. We won't have any more happiness skipping on any of the book of Ryan's stuff from last couple of weeks. It's all on the DCS. Oh! It's our first scene in clean is the amino queen. Did you lick the disc? Yes, I did. I licked it. Our Cheryl says one of our world listeners is not to be confused with any other Cheryl. For the pool and she's got a very good idea. How about meals list news? Let's get her on there right away, Josh Cortis. Neal host news. You don't think so? Well, here's the question again. Who's gotten screwed worth a WDQM? She says, we're screwed the worst by having a weight and weight until Mr. Eagle is through. See what you've to think we had, Mr. Eagle identify. Now we have a new Mr. Eagle. And Eagle larger than the entire universe. Anyway, join George and Miguel tonight for happy our five to seven at Treasure Island located right off the palm net or just know that the 127th Street is it? Isn't Book of Brian going to be there? No, he's out of town. Oh, that's right. Stop by the one price insect got this week's features. Stephanie Evans, got only knows what she might do for you or on your video. All of those things. All of these things. Well, Book of Brian probably is in rehab or something after last couple weeks because he has done some of the greatest work of his lifetime. So he's enjoying a free trip. Probably to where? New York. Really? Yeah. He goes to New York a lot on someone else's money. It's a lobby name. Maybe you can stand out the apartment. Well, that's right. There's a lot of a padlock on the door. Sure. Buffalo Kenny says, and we got some people out there. This is what happens to your mind when you spend too much time in Buffalo Kenny. He says, yes, they did around 6 or 6 in a PM. I heard Mo say something like, Oh, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. About the oranges is they 600 times your will, which is the way Mad Dog always refers to me and said, does he smell like one? Maybe if you go back on the tape and listen, go, I don't think so Buffalo Kenny. If that's the best thing we have to do with our time. That's time for the old. We're going to let was fully loaded pieces. Okay. Forget about it. Let's go back on the tape and see what Mo said about me. Somebody overgrown children in so little time. But we get them a free pass because he's from Buffalo. It's already one. You've never been in Buffalo, have you? No, I can't say I've had a privilege. All the places that I would recommend you stay away. That's near the top of the list. Do not even think about going to Buffalo unless you would like wearing white socks and bowl a lot. No. Anyway, here's a 78 votes on the pool very quickly on our new pool. Who's gotten screwed the worst of QAM? Hey Goldberg 23, Joe Rose 14, those in for 12. We don't want to forget about the old Zimph monster. Jeff Bephal, a default of forest 11. Joe and Mark 8, the O'Rodgers 5, George Rodriguez 3, Mo Howard David and 2, the old list is none yet. That's just what up on there. Matt McGill and the Joe's a geeky non. Why did I put Joe's a geeky on there? I don't put him on there. Just a sympathy vote because we all know. There's a geeky sucks, okay? We know he's good guy, but just a board of on here. We have so many people who are so a board of on here. Like the big, and then of course the Crow, which rhymes with and mal, Dol Dol Dol Dol. Anything that ends in O I guess, you think? Not for making it on our test, which doesn't end in O. But he's a good guy. He's just still in the years in a board and price, straight up, it would like to be on here. I think that's a good idea. I like to realize a good guy and he actually is relatively articulate for someone of his mochuj shade. He's relatively articulate. Would you say? Yeah, he could do a show. He could do a hell of a lob, and he could do a show. He's qualified. He's an ex-jack, right? Right. Robert, we're seem to be moving away from that unless we get to hop her back on before the end. I say get him on here before the third week of the NFL season this weekend. Okay, that's my suggestion. Now I'm going to stick my nose and other people's business, but get his ass back on here, okay? You smuck. Man. Like a bunch of like a bunch of kids in a sandbox. Jim and Pepper puns is with Halloween upcoming. All the Jim is a little bit precipitous here. What well-known person would make the best Halloween mask and he's got four suggestions. It's really, it's so contest. He's got Dan Geardor, kind of gold virgin, and it's to John Kerry. We sure oughta have to have a GW on there as well. Sure. But John Kerry already has the, I hate to say this. Yeah, well, it's true. But it's true. He has the mask of death over his face. He looks like I'm serious, it's just he can't help it. Maybe a little bit better makeup. Maybe a little bit of color would help. Jim would say, or color. Like, tan would be good. Maybe a sum of that tan that you shmir on, you know? That would be a really good idea. Maybe a sum of time and slower stuff, where we're stopping her, okay? And he's your target. Huh? It's supposed to be here like he was yesterday, and all that. Is he still there? I don't know. Get him out of the sun, get him a little bit of color in his face, because he looks. It's definitely not the kind of color in his face. The comparison that inspires confidence in anything. Of course he doesn't have the beard and the headlights look like. Some nit-wit, we know. And that's the word nit-wit. That's your present, baby. Nit-wit. If your present and take, or shouldn't say that, the people in channel 10 don't get all that out of shape. Think I'm picking on them again. I am. I mean, if they just whisper of anybody telling a guy, what beard he ought to be drinking after the show is over that, that's unbelievable. And addition of which people would go, oh, I don't want to get into it. I don't want to say it. Yeah, because they're all sponsors on this new drink whatever beard you like, okay? Just if you got him. Bottoms up. We ought to get a couple of calls in here because just like yesterday, and we have almost the full show today. Well, I mean, as of late. You want to say? Right. Because they got off at about 20 o. So we got a full three hours and 20 minutes today. And SpadaWit's here, I'll say, hey, listen, sure, I'll be got a good point. But we like it. And SpadaWit, my ranting's vice-riding. We know more we like it. In fact, Monday really turned my ass around fast. But our 50 minute show that we had, that was my idea of a showman. That was sensational. You got steering going real extra long, and then you got the ball game, Roya, you're 12 30. Marlins will not make the a wild card. Looks like that's what Josh Cortis reported yesterday. I think he was right on top of it. It doesn't look like they got a Chinaman's chance in hell, because they're five and a half. The only guy called games to play, Drines touted the Houston last night. So, and not looking too good is it Josh? No, no, no. I did. I watched it a little bit of the game last night, only because I wanted to see the sign that had the changeable sign behind home plate. And there is a thing for amendment four, which is not the moment we were talking about with the casino, and that's proper for, I guess, the slot machines, it's permutuals. And it comes on there so fast, and it's got a website, and I don't know what that is. I'm sure that, not only 50 fans who were in attendance last night, I looked in the box square this morning, and it said there were 15,000 in some on at the the Abol Park last night. They must have been counting janitors, cockroaches, mosquitoes, the hired hands, everybody, because if there were 15,000 people, they must have all been sitting on each other's lap. How many would you say were there last night? 10, maybe. 10 people. Maybe 10 people at the Abol Park last night. And again, why didn't you keep away any floppy hats? They didn't keep away any bobblehead dolls. You know, you folks think you're fooling somebody, and maybe you are somewhere. Oh, I guess what else was on on CBC last night, a Gary Bittman, who I'd like to step on him. He just is such a little weasel, man. Just a little twerp, a needle-most twerp. But at any rate, you fooling fans out there. Well, they're given this stuff away for 37,000 to 84 for the CUB doubleheader. Of course, that's for both games, but nevertheless, that's pretty impressive, but they're given away to floppy hats. Now, let me just put it to this way. George is a Schlapper who's got one unwanted kid, and a pain in the ass wife. But, you know, even as much as he couldn't care less, he could probably use a floppy hat. Sure. But he's not an unwanted kid, and he doesn't pretend to be a fan, so he doesn't go out there to get the floppy hat. Even though he could get free tickets to go out there, and his little little scam is floppy hat. He won't go out there. And so, you people are just shameless, man. Shame was anything for free. That's what it's all about. You can't complain about the fans in South Florida, because generally speaking, there aren't any of these. There are so few. Maybe, but, certainly, man. Nothing's there. I'm exaggerating. You notice the tremendous flatopathy, panther season being their cancel, and let me say it again, the odds make you, I would say, and they're lying. They're riding in the streets. They're so much available for friends. You know, they're dancing a big panther season. Right. Block him at a beautiful macarina that we built for Wayne, who, of course, ensoul the team, and his young. He's busy. He's got bigger fish to fry. And believe me, they are frying, and they're dying over there, them fish. Notice how most of the teams in town, that's why the panthers aren't quite as popular. Or the heat, they're going to laugh at the heat, even though we got some. Because it's got to be named after a fish. Mm-hmm. The marlins, the dolphins might speak at a fish. My comment to Wayne is a perch, baldy. Purch, on this, jump on Z. 560, 560, pound, 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines. That's pretty exciting news that the hump are me becoming back soon. Wouldn't that be great? It would be. It would be sensational for more unsighting on my Fedas. WDQA and hope. Okay, like I said, we better get a couple of calls in quick, because I don't want to be accused of, no, not getting the calls off of sure we're going to just read in good times to receive even though we've got a huge pile. Here, I got, I got such huge piles. I might enter a sterns contest and fry it for the world's biggest en route, although a choice probably wouldn't approve. You probably have to inspect it first after ducted my temperature. WQA and hello. Hi, they all are you? Pretty good, sir? Good, I got two people for your poll, you left off. One guy and one girl that probably nobody's even thought of. Roy Foster being the number one. He's not saying that. Exactly. And the other, and the girl is one and the... Okay, great. 560, 560. And how do I say the pound of my T-Gotta? You want to touch it? You want to touch it? You want to touch it? Yeah, I'm going to touch it. I'm going to touch it. And... And... What's this? What's this? Good, good, bye, Theresa LeBord. Oh, she's on a board. We can turn on a lighty jam, but you don't got no job no more. So, can't get this dirty, rosé-out-footed board. And it's a fucking sticky board. Don't treat any of these in touch. I don't think I better mention... We had enough bulletin's lost by you. And now it's over Paschugna. You're a bunch of women, now. So, can I have a look at how? You know, well, women's lives. You can't... I feel bad in you. We wouldn't have gel with a dirty sleep. How does what's left out to you, Joe? Oh, the old times. It was just stupid bitch of mine, something else to do. Like massive yellow, yellow, yellow, yellow, yellow, yellow. Oh, it certainly can't say massive yellow, doosh, can't we? That would be good. It's 1117 at 5.50WQN. This whole business about what we can say, and what we can't say. I think that... Somebody needs to draw the line in the sand pretty soon. You know, somebody needs to put their foot down. Let's get bandits. Although it is pretty close to payday, something, and yeah, well of course, we know what he would say. He probably can solve with El Presidente first. 567, I don't think we have any of your calls today. So, I don't have to feel so guilty about it, because after that first, the tender too. They're just going to sit lay back, you think? Certainly. Because generally speaking, I feel like I'm letting them down. Because, oh, gee, you're just a rednull, I'm bedtime stories. I get into newsy again. Yeah, that's right. Less than six ways till the presidential election, the balance, the future of the universe is hanging in a balance. And these people are worried about the hotel's very springy's got on today. That's what they're worried about. And it's big brother 5 going to be out again next week. I'm telling you, the soil that they put on is just unbelievable. Speaker of the Swilth. I got a great article on our website called Swifboat Swilwritten by Nicholas Terse from the Village Voice. Much, much, much too long, three on the air, I think. It's like six pages long. But it's not our website, or at least it will be tomorrow. Or whenever I already emailed it here, I also emailed her, I also emailed her, ignore my camp, just emailed to me. The most unbelievable pictures of Georgia Bush, our new female president. He who wouldn't you got to see him to believe him. And anyway, Swifboat Swilth and the essence of this is from the National Archives, new proof of Vietnam War of Prancetese. The fact that John Kerry was absolutely correct when he came back from Vietnam, and said all of those things, proof that Yadiyadiyai. So there it is, it goes on forever. But I mean, this is only for people who are too young to remember the atrocities that were committed to me, I'm asking for all of these things that went on for years and years. People who had no clue of what Vietnam was all about, which is most of the public for the either have a short memory, or their young puncture, they had no clue what's going on in the world of all these things. Am I right? All of these things. Right. WQA and hello. New God. Yes, sir, speaking. How do we know good? Great. A little bit of the subject, but you have one guy that does some drop. He does the nine four years. And he doesn't do a drop. That's right. That's just the way he speaks. He speaks to the Quagl because he's a, regarded. Well, what if I heard that Brian will, if there's a beach voice that's coming to town up in the last pumps, I'm thinking maybe you can get him to do some, you know, publicity pieces for it. It's a match made in purgatory. Why could just be our new general manager? There you go. Okay. Thanks, proud pretty week. See, I totally had no material that it was. That was about as weak as it gets. That was about as lame as a horse that just to fell on both newsman. I was pretty lame. Lawyer says Miami Arts Dicey's to settle sex abuse pieces for a three point four million dollars, what a tall priest some to pay for having your life twisted and turned by a bunch of child-monesting priests. The arts dicey's of Miami's agreed to pay three point four million dollars to settle almost two thousand lawsuits brought since 2002 by people accused Catholic priests of sexually abusing them their lawyers said. The settlement agreements range from 75 grand to a half a million dollars in conclude all 23 negligence lawsuits brought by attorney, Jeffrey Herman. He represented more than half of the about 40 former altar boys and other youths who sued the arts dicey set the nation's church of his scandal broken 2002, which of course nobody's talking about anymore because they had their 15 seconds of fame in his stereo and now we got bigger fish to fry the man. So they put it on the back burner, they figured the coast would clear the dust would settle and they were right. His cases implicated 10 South Florida priests who were put on administrative league or resounded. The settlements are long overdue, wind devaluation indication for the victims' sermon said yesterday. The settlements were not an admission to guilt, arts dicey's spokeswoman Mary Ross and Gostez said. What it does do is break the conflusionies of answer that the church can continue to move on a in a financially responsible way and the alleged victims can continue with their healing, as us to said. Well if they're only alleged victims, what an easy heal for right? Right. I mean you talk about an idiotic statement, the alleged victims can continue with their healing. You lie and bitch. She said that arts bishop John C. Favillore had not decided to pay the priest out administrative leave, Reverend Alvaro Guishar, Ricardo Castellanos and the church of Sanici were among the priest of Jesus of abusing boys, Castellanos we share in Sanici all I am administrative leave have denied the accusations. I am suffering from character assassinations we share it said Tuesday. These are all lies to get money from the arts dicey's. Castellanos, to represent it, said the settlement was done without consulting me and I was totally opposed to it. The family of Miguel Sinchia. Sinchia? Sinchia? Sinchia, I guess what it is. A former altar boy to church of the little flower and coral geobils was the first to serve the art dice. The church of the little de-flowered. The alleged church leader, do the Castellanos and Guishar, essentially abused Miguel as a boy in the mid-70s, the Guelda of AIDS in 1993. My family believes that the arts dicey's new for a long time, the fact that this case Miguel's brother Ignacio, which in shall have said, it was only through litigation that they had no choice but to take responsibility for the misconduct of these two priests. Most of the main lawsuits are pending. Yeah, just these isolated incidents. What did you just effects me now? They were seeing on the agenda. Why did you do this? Because it's just too complicated. I know, just so that you know, that obviously that's why they said it to you, so that you don't have to. From the website that's displayed behind home play, we're all 50 of you now are attending the Marla games. Now that's not going to make the wild card now, that's not going to be a way no. Babelhead, doll or floppy heads. Really? Don't you people have any shame at all? No, I mean, give me a break. It's not expensive to go to a Marla game. It's just, it just takes your breath away. What a bunch of phonies there are in that town. Just, oh, whatever is the, the freebie do you or, you know, the early bird, the free a Babelhead. Just like at the hockey games, man. Give away Babelhead does these people 90% don't even know who those players are that I got to Babelhead dumb. Well, it might be worth something someday though. Just like that jackass they called that day about to, he got OJ's autograph that you'll fade it golf through because it might be worth something someday. How prophetic is that? Remember that? Yeah. I just chewed him an ass. He said, well, I didn't really want it, but it might be worth something. So, it's an OJ autograph, you know? Yeah, like you're asked with a pal. Anyway, yes for local control.com is their website that's displayed behind home play to that moving ad sign. It says yes on amendment 4 when it comes to increasing education funding to the regulation of tax. Oh, it is the right one. This is great. We love them, Marla. They're just like that quartet of paid ad, but nevertheless, it is the one amendment 4, see? Thank you very much. Tonight's minute is an important official whoever facted to us and I thanked him profusely. Look at this, this is from WLRN. My base of that? Yes, I did. We have people listening to WLRN and this horse ball show. That's amazing. So, imagine it for one possibly more. Oh, we like to relax a lot. We do this into every morning. You listen to relax, man. They're relaxing. Wow, every morning. I'll be down. I'll be here and here. This is the only radio station in the country that's got a drop in for filet. Yes, on the amendment 4, when it comes to it and says, shouldn't you have the right to decide billions of dollars for education in Florida? The yes for local control campaign supports amendment 4. And amendment on the ballot is November that gives the in-brower county voters the right to decide in later elections, whether they want to offer why slot machines and something existing for mutual facilities, no two counties. If the counties vote yes in later referendum, the revenues must be used to supplement. Not replace, correct levels of Florida education spending statewide. So, we're just not going to be a bait and a swish like a lottery was. This is supplement, not replace, correct levels of funding for education statewide and Florida. And it goes on about funding $2.34 billion over four years that it five years that's going to raise. Our revenue for Florida 7.7 billion. I'm tax-gaining revenue. We capture 1.95 billion over five years. Just billions and billions in local government revenues, employment construction, I'm tax-gaining revenue. We captured by the state just a fantastic. This is great. In fact, what we ought to do is put a link to the center website. Yes, for local control.com. You think we can do that? I'm not sure if you can do it. If anybody should do it fat older or he can do he demand. So maybe you want to send that along to him. I'll do it. He'll hop right on. And also, I don't know. I tried to email him because I don't have time to dittle around Senate emails. The thing that Norma can't say, I tried to email this to you. Well, we'll see what happens with that because he's got to get the pictures of George Bush on there. 26 past 11 at 5.60 WQM. Right now, as I speak, Armstrong Ford Holmes that wants to clear their lives and sell off all remaining old forers. Here are just a few of the great deals right now. And O410, let's say again, O4F150 pickup. That's what I said. Just a buck of wind voice. New O4 explores just a dollar over invoice. Rangers crowned VIX, toruses and focuses all waiting for you. What Armstrong Ford, it's just a buck over invoice. Plus Armstrong Ford offers more value to the whistle of customers when you buy your fort from these folks. You'll get their exclusive, unbelieveable tires and batteries for life program. That's right. Tires and batteries for life. The value you'll get at Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there. Because right now you get a free flow to some tasks with any vehicle you buy. If you're pressed for time, Armstrong Ford knows your time is valuable. So just give McCall a 305, 247, 5112, 2475112 and Shrap right over the old phone. It'll even deliver that new vehicle right to your door. Armstrong Ford Holmes said, look at the loan and operate it. They treat you just like family and I guarantee you. I'll bet you Greg and the watermatchies lives on it. You won't get a better deal anywhere on a Ford in town. Bill Baton switched no phone ideals. Armstrong Ford Holmes said, you'll find a material 725. South-Dixie Highway just 20 minutes after the oil 86. Check them out on the web at armstunkcar.com and then travel a little and save a con. Tons of cash on it. New Ford only at Armstrong Ford of Holmes. This is your assistant Neil Roger. You're a bit of a school assistant. On 5668. QAM. Now, in some edition, George, what are you going to do during the Republican Convention? Party, party, party, or for I? Trinking all the time. And what's your drink of choice, Jack Daniel? Wow, why are you drink that? Because I needed some strong stuff. It's got wenshin. That's XW. You heard to runk. I don't think so. Then prove it. Say, uh, say, Abu-Gar. Abu-Gar. Abu-Gar. Abu-Gar. Abu-Gar. Abu-Gar. He's toast. I had a little too much in drink. Man, I'm so sick. Yeah. I mean, I think they should live here right back. I'm a pretty 1505-60WQAM. Don't forget George and Miguel and happy are trying to run on time to 7-0 night. I'm looking to be a little bit of clock tracking map of Hurricane Jean. Yeah. And even though some of the local locals are trying to get to the audience with up into a frenzy, the bad news for them is it isn't within a zillion miles of there. Okay. In fact, the new track shows it going to the north-west. It's already north of where you're sitting right now. Yeah. But it might cork screw around. And then it's going to go like a little drift a little of the south and into the west and like to the north-west and to the north-west and more and then to the almost north. In fact, it looks like it's headed right for your house in North Carolina at 8 a.m. Monday. That's around the Monday afternoon. I'd be up there. All right. So, the big blow from Jean. Also, I do want to mention that. Don't talk about enough. Everybody out there who ever even looks at our website. If you don't view that 9-11 Pentagon strike video that clip, there's something desperately wrong with you. Yeah, you're stuck. Yeah. Because I'm getting a lot of feedback on that thing. For people I know and people are like very disturbed, disturbed, like that. Now that we more and more know that the government just lies to their teeth, that's not that there's anything new. And of course, the media are the co-conscureders in that helping pedal all their bull crap. They love doing it. Here's the pull results so far. Who's gotten screwed the worst? Not the most. But the worst to QAM. We know the winner of the most. We got 257 votes already. Not too bad. New on the Los Angeles, there's 62. Hank Goldberg, 58 who might just be back soon. Now we're praying. Joe Rose 34, Bill's Infra, look what Bill's Infra's got. Not too bad man. And just as I said that I went to 31, Joe and Mark 28, Jeff D. F. O. Forrest 27, Jorge Rodriguez 70, Roger 6, will Howard David and 5, Joe is the gacky too, and Miguel Escavar voted for himself. Oh, by, I mean somebody voted for Miguel. He wouldn't do that in somebody. No, it's for them. No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 7. Oh, here's the abraton on Jews. They just heard the Jewish share of pulling. Okay, this is pretty disturbing. For the election, carry 69%, bush 24% neighbor 3%, how can bush have 24% of the Jewish vote? That must be all the Jews I know down there in South Florida. Must be because more and more I'm encountering not all of them, but many far too many. Generally people who handle money. People with a lot of money, people who handle other people's money, stock market kind of people, all those people real right wingers. No matter who the right wing would do, sure is they look his ass and then how bad it is for the country. The rest of the world, all of these things, no matter how we're going to blow the world up, it's always all the good. Just like in crotch, well, he's good for Israel, you know, that kind of crap. Jews for bush. I think they ought to out and catch all the Chris Franklin. Is there anybody who doesn't know at this point? No, even better. It's best Morrison, dead. Who? Russ Morrison. WQA and hello. I'm not Joe Wendell. Joe Wendell got screwed, but that's a good choice. Okay. Thank you. Joe Wendell for the poor get him on there. I've shot your angel. And he keeps bouncing back. He also got candid in the frisco again. Where do you want up? It's grass and Josh. Yeah. He want up somewhere else again this year, Joe Wendell. I don't know where he is now. I don't know. He's somewhere. But he got screwed over big time so that we can have your- Oh, that's right. You can't say too much because you've got a whole day of and boys hand again and that's a ballpark. Mad Dog at two, how we've dated for Han couple, he won the last times for the afternoon. Marlins on Dexix 30, the Phloison Town for the Marlins again in 19705, I've got you to be a giant Crow there tonight. About 30, man. Not a thousand just people and any KF to be baseball game. That's our lineup and it's written in like a crayola today. That's going to be a little bit easier. Line 9, WQA and hello. Hi, now. Yes, sir. You know all the big fuss we heard about the Zell Miller voting for Bush, right? No. It's been on BuzzFlas for the last two days, you know, Lincoln, Shacy from Rhode Island. Right. Republicans, Senator. Yeah, they hit him on CBS, they said he wasn't voting for Kary, he would write in some other Republican. Right. But we haven't heard nearly the fuss. Of course not. Right. I mean, I haven't seen it in the paper. Right. So, you know, it's because of that great liberal media. Right. Yeah. Well, I was like, you know, I don't know if I mentioned it yesterday or maybe I full of George this morning before the show. You know, I could head to be a George because last night, CNN took a poll on their website about you think that the media are Liberal conservative or neither 68% of the reach find there were thousands and thousands because you know, CNN's got millions of viewers. Yeah. Conservatives, 68% said that. And it was like only 24% of the liberal, the media's liberal. So the majority of the public out there, except for the more on the watch Fox news, they know what it's all about. Right. Well, you know what surprised me in 2000. I've been around a while and you know how it was in Al Franken's book at 62% of the newspapers endorsed Bush. Yeah. I thought a lot of normally Republican papers would say, basically we can't support this idiot. You know, he's on fit for the job. You know, there's nothing in his back. He's a lot of liar, right. Right. I thought they would say, you know, you know, sit this out or vote for Gore and we'll go after it next time. But I'm, you know, it's just amazing that anybody could support this idiot. He's so. It shocks the economy. And especially when you look at the rent, the rest of the world are all on to him big time. And America's just mesmerized by the media man. It brainwashed the goose step and right a lot. If it likes to us, pal, he put it all you know, like the cold. You got it. All right. Fine. Fine. So, you know, the principal says, God rules it as school again. This one just can't stop. You know, which one this is again, the available as principal. Up there in Boka and the mouth of the rat. Boka Ratone. Public high school principal and Boka says you will not be deterred by criticism. He's received for expressing his evangelical Christian beliefs. Oh, and atheists teach her at Boka High, condemned principal Jeff McKee for telling staff at a reason faculty meeting that all of the significant decisions are made prayerfully. And faculty members choose the key of hiring only people from his church or those with strong belief in God. And a woman Catholic parent complain about McKee's proposed, Introduction to the Bible chorus. Still the floor of principal. And this is the attacks will not stop him from acknowledging his faith in God. He knows that the community he serves as extremely mixed with 73 birth countries represented by the student population and just about every religious group. Still McKee says, this community has been very supportive of me as a principal and of anything I've brought into school, including trying to create as godly and environment as possible. Godly and environment. They're even piping with showing their I heard. Oh, good. Also the principal says he prays for every student and teacher in each classroom he visits and throughout the day asking that God's spirit would descend on Boka Ratone high school to protect students from the evil one. Oh, it protects from George Bush. Oh, maybe he is. That's such a bad idea. And McKee notes that he's not the only one praying. A campus student group and a group called Monson Touch. Meet weekly. Yeah, touch this. Monson Touch. They meet weekly to intercede for the school as well. The Christian see this is the thing with you religious nuts. If you can't stop intruding where you don't belong, where you're not wanting. You know, business there. It's for your own good. Yeah, right. You'll think of later. That's what they said during the crusades. Right. Even off of they couldn't refuse. They haven't got their sentence. The Christian school official says he seen some dramatic immediate answers to prayer while on the job. In one instance he recounts literally as I was praying, a staff member walked up to me and said he got a funny report about a child who possibly had drugs in one of the rest rooms. Upon recruiting the young girl McKee says, it turned out he had a personal appeals that she said and I believe it was a valuable story to me to a stockpiling for a suicide attempt. You see that? Uh huh. A high school team and the high school's team administrator considers that incident in several others like it to be moments of divine intervention. I don't know how to describe it, he be saying, other than the Holy Spirit's active involvement in our school is Result of prayer. Oh God, that's good. McKee says, guys, influence is powerful at a school in the evidence of divine grace has been and continues to be amazing. It continues to be... Oh, I'm going to be watching the Christian prison for COVID. Their book of high has gone from being a school with seriously high crime statistics to one of the lowest incidents of violence in all of Palm Beach County. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for Jesus. Let's hear it for Jesus. Oh! You are the ones who need a runner-up in the prison. Let's go back to the Christian prison for a few weeks. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it with God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it. Let's see what God says in reiterate what His prakt bitterly does. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. Let's hear it for God. like a airstrile. Yeah quite a different sound. Kind like a great video. Hosted to come to kitchen. So when the next time you're back and down here. Ever for a long time. I'm not making I'm a sticky in for a very long time believe me. That was that was eight days of pure hell. If there was such a place as hell I'm pretty familiar with what it's going to be like. It was pretty stressful right down here with all that storm is going through and all that stuff. Yeah. And then luckily for me though those people got my hurricane shutters of several days after Ivan passed by but they never let's at least do up now. Right pretty lame. I might not be going to talk about safe alarms anyway. So we'll see what happens. About what? Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. But we know that we do. I just I just dumped them. Don't be pulling the old goldstone on me and putting names of places on your police. Okay. I would never do anything. I don't do it again. Oh yes. See I think there's pizza at the pizza lock in the house. I just caught the story. Now. It's a thing. It's a fish. Just a pan. A rectangle. Your plate. Right. Time. You're a pan. Yeah. We got something in a pan. All right. In fact I think most of it he had something either in a bag room. I mean I miss you talking about the man that's been today on the show. Yeah you missed it. That's because you don't know what time. I just don't believe it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I don't know. It's fantastic. Nice going Jim. Oh, right. I made dog. He's the man. He'll take any questions. Anybody's not kind of gun. That was pretty cool. And you also missed a part that Hank might be that he's meeting with Greg Reed this week and maybe coming back. We hope soon. I read that in the paper tip. Well, there you go. Okay. Well, we'll help you get it all right. There was Jeff Cawney. A world's largest biggest prostitute. World's best pizza. All right. Okay. All the money back here. Are you still doing the low carb pizza? Yeah. The whole week. Cross. Oh, we. I want to say this to you because I haven't talked to you in a while since I was there. There was awfully days. But Troy's rat for you to beat him up a little bit because that other place that was on with that low carb pizza thing. I said, just not going to be too happy about this because it wasn't that far from you. Although they're not advertising a pizza. We do that much and then he keeps giving me copy with nothing about anything except pizza pizza pizza pizza. I said Tony tell I could be too pleased with this former pony tail. I've actually I've meloded in my old age. Yeah. You just let it run off your back like it. You got it. You got it. Oh, you know, my sales guy. What do you expect? Okay. I have a great. Exactly. Have a great day. How did. And don't you have a Saturday, please your burning house. See okay. Bye. If you're going to celebrate your amkipper by eating pizza go to the. Yeah. That's right. You need some real praise there, too. You can get a like pet papi runny. Right. Happy runny and cheese. And roast milk and play shit. Mix it all up. They're making you got separate dishes when he eat this. I said or they're not kipper. I should take off one day. I mean, I got screwed so badly on that whole deal. If everybody else wants to pretend to be really religious and a phomenal crap on Russia and they're not fooling me. They're not going to show. They're not putting on a beanie. They're not doing any of these things. All they're doing a screw in off man. There's nothing I cannot say and there's people who don't show up every single day for work. You know, God, hate that. And I'm talking about like the full length of their show too. Right. No, but you see it. He must be talking about that because like everybody else in the audience, he has the idea what time the show starts. And even a way. And I'm a while on the one hand, I'm not complaining about see I understand. I sound like, well, you just do it a lot of whining, which I am. It's fun. But yeah, I'm so loving. But it is really a bitch when it's so spastic. I mean, it can be 10 15. It can be 10 45. Can be 11 15. We all know. And we're really guessing that there's long good buys man. I mean, you really have to read the entire man, head and phone directory and say goodbye to each interview. One of them, Howard, is that is that what it takes to uh, yeah. What was that? Here's the report result. Who's got the worst, not the most, but the worst, the QAM. 455 hosts already. We've been on for an hour and a half. This is starting to get like the old times, you know what? The Los Listers on 29. That's I think that might win. Hey, Goldberg, the Harper do 105. He's getting screwed and tattooed man. And it don't even feel good. Joe rose 54. Bill's in for 45. Joe and Mark 42. Jeff the forest 38. Jeffy florist would come to the corn. George Rodriguez 16 year-round. You're understand? Well, Howard David and H.O. Angel 4. Miguel Escobar and Joe Zegrecki each have a pair. It's quite frankly. From what it's past noon in five, 60 WQAM. I've told you for a long time. Many, many years about my good buddy Chuck Alphi or he's the hair expert. For over 35 years, Charlie's been providing amazing natural looking hair systems that are virtually 100% turn detectable. And right now, Charlie's introducing the latest development and hair restoration that's called the New Laser Light Therapy Treatment. And it's used for treating fine and sitting here. Really fine here. Oh, we're fine. This new treatment that's empty. It's certified. We store his hair and scalp back to his health yesterday. Well, I'm increasing hair shaft density and fine. Do you believe that I had a dump Jeff co-nercassy wanted to rag on some, uh, that's bad. Yeah, you see when you hang around with Al Goldstein long enough, it's got to rub it off on you. So to speak. Anyway, the New Laser Light Therapy that's cool light laser devices effective at both men and women. This is a painless non-invasive treatment. It's completely in just about a half an hour. It just takes a few minutes of your life. I'm proud of the crowning the staff of witness dramatic results with this new system that impedes hair fall off for those of you with fine and fitting here. So stop waiting for a magic from heaven. That's going to make your sitting here stop falling into the sink into the shower or on the floor and give Charlie a color and more about that new laser light therapy treatment. How can stop your sitting here problem? It really can change your life forever. Here's their toll free number. 1 800, 321, 2413. That's 1 800, 321, 2413. Run the wicked worldwide web. It's Charles Ophiery.com. You're listening to the real Roger Cate exclusively on my skin. God damn it. We have a dear friend's voice of you. How very concerned is our lives. So don't mind, so don't mind, so don't. See you soon in the shower. See you when they get out of your ears. Here we are. See the soul take you away and I can't ask for you. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Who's deafening? God, what do you mean? There's a danger in what you see. Here's your fire here. Where's I see you? In the shower. Here's a safe for you. You won't need a fire. You'll be safe in your dreams. Come 18 at 5.60 WQAM. You've been Jim Man itself, Channel 10. You can kiss my rear end. Even though it's not a little bit more like a little dog, they're the demand dog. You can kiss my rear end. Both were tight ends. Anyway, I've got to get back to business here because I got a whole bunch of stuff and I'm taking calls about pizza again. Basically when you come right down to what we'd all rather eat. Can you imagine how great that would be? Yeah, it would be great. We'd never get into the sea. We'd probably spend a lot of time on the throne. Unless the pill of course we just make it all like magically disappear. I'd like that plane that we're talking about. This disappeared the thin air. I don't think I'd have time to do this show. I'm pretty good at eating while I can talk in the eat pizza at the same time. Such as the rather ridiculous, are you talking while I'm speaking? Tell me. Rather ridiculous rights John, because I got two-day and rather articles here that are both great. One by Antonio's or vice versa, the Toronto star she's great. But first, John Nichols are rights for the nation, which is pretty naïve to Chevy, the rights. Just about the only sensible voice in the whole controversy over the document CBS News News News in the same hand of the 10-to-day questions about George W. Bush's service in the Texas National Guard came from retired tempest Mary and car knocks. As a former assistant for Lieutenant Colonel Jerry Kelly and Bush's squadron commander, who allegedly suggested that officers had been persuaded to sugarcoat the evaluations of the politically connected young guardsmen, knocks was in a position no more than just about anyone else about the authenticity of the documents and the sentiments expressed in them. In interviews with several news outlets including CBS, knocks suggested that the Kelly and members were forged but accurate. Now that CBS News anchored Dan Rathers acknowledged that he made a mistake in judgment when he relied on what now appeared to have been bogus documents for a 60 minutes report that detailed some of the favorable treatment Bush received knocks is seemingly strange statement offers only a few realistic routes out of the thick of spin. The Bush administration is erected to avoid a serious discussion of the president's Vietnam era service in the guard. He keeps putting service in quotes. knocks said he didn't think the memos that were purported to have been written by Kelly and Virginia when but she said he reflected sentiment to National Guard commander expressed at the time. Thus to documents that have caused such a stir as this huge presidential campaign enters its final weeks could indeed be both forged and accurate. So where should knocks as inside lead us? First anyone wants to know the truth about Bush's pampered service should be furious with rather than the CBS crew. When they refused to follow basic fact checking standards, they failed their viewers near buttermilk and public that would for the first time be exposed by the September 16th broadcast where seemingly serious review of irregularities related to Bush's envy and regard. His ignoring of directors is greater to show up for duty and a pattern of reassignment that seemed always the benefit to some of a then congressman from Texas rather than the country he was supposed to be serving. After more than a month of virtually round the clock assessment of democratic presidential candidate John Kerry's Vietnam service, Major Media has a responsibility to reexamine the presidential's controversial service record. Yet by doing a half-hatter job reporting and rushing to broadcast these opposed blockbuster story, rather than his crew paid into the hands of a Bush spin machine that's now excoded pedaling the lie that a liberal media is out to disturb the president's record. While their intent may have been to shed light on an interesting and potentially significant story of the special treatment recorded this son of privilege, rather than CBS in his search for a scoop, created a fog so thick that it could well obscure the story for the rest of the campaign. By relying on a few documents that were not adequately verified, CBS handed one hospitalical, ZAR Carl Roe, exactly what he needed to steer attention away from the real story. Of course it remains true that his rather says, those who have criticized aspects of our story have never criticized the heart of it that George Bush received preferential treatment again of the national guard and once they are failed to satisfy the requirements of his service. Unfortunately, the heart of the story has been largely obscured by the controversy over the doctor documents. As such, rather than CBS, our guilty of undermining not just their own story, but the truth. That's particularly tragic because it was never really their story in the first place. The basic story of the machinations that George Herbert Walker Bush performed to help us celebrate serving a Vietnam and the dirty details of the son's favorite and the duet's duty as the graduate. Well, what were reported almost five years ago by Texas columnist Molly Ivans and Texas investigated reported Lou Dubo's and there's still essential assessment of young Bush's path to power shrub. The chapter in their book regarding Bush's Vietnam era guard duties exceptionally well reported, compelling and ultimately more than any of the Bush family and the current president, than anything produced in his publication. So I'd been rather than the CBS grew simply invite Ivans in Dubo's both experienced Texas reporters with long history of sorting fact from fiction when dealing with the Bush family to help reduce the system and its report that would have told the story accurately and thoroughly. Perhaps CBS executives thought that because Ivans in Dubo's wrote with a point of view rather than fainting journalists and impartiality, they could not be trusted to get the spirit of story straight. That accurses the common bias of the elite broadcast media in the US. Unfortunately, that bias led rather than CBS to produce the story that has done severe damage to the prospects that the great massive Americans will ever learn the truth about their presence Vietnam era actions. There was a lesson to be learned here. There was never any need for rather than CBS to go searching for a scoop regarding Bush's time in the guard. The story's already been reported written by Ivans in Dubo's. What there wasn't was a need for a network with a curve to take that story, a tax and pictures and broadcasted. Unfortunately, CBS proved incapable of performing a simple task in doing so. CBS put the truth a little further about a reach for most Americans. That's why we got more tears from that big CBS eye. The entire unedited interview that Dan Rathen did with it. I think it's a good idea of what these organizations typically very were looking to make available what you might call the hour and courage to really hurts from that program. Un reliable sources on CNN. What a jerk this guy. Guy, Lick Dlery, Kramer from CF from CNBC, that clown that got tossed off the air. Lick Dlery, and then they put him back on the air. He goes to show it. There is no such thing. The journalist of credibility in American I was in oxymoron. There just really exists. Journalistic credibility. It's all just a dog and pony show. Like Howard Beale said, a circus. A carnival. How's that pull coming glad you asked? I'm wondering. Just think that normal camp. I should point out to you that the emails I tried forwarding to the air, a cockaphyard's was a success. We not only had Georgia Bush dressed up as a woman. We got Johanna Kerry and we got Johanne Edwards and the whole bunch of them. All dressed in drag. It said you have to seem to be good. I know he did not get those emails because you're using hot mail. Yeah, I forwarded to him. He said, try forwarding the thing. I thought, I have to have normal email directly to him later on. I'm in the middle of attempting desperately to do a show. You know, plus normal supposed to be having sushi with great weed right now, discussing my future life and career at WQAM. Which leads us to that pull results and great has this habit of screwing over everybody badly who comes to that door downstairs. And in some cases, you could leave the word over out. Who got screwed worse than QAM so far? We got 511 votes already and the less that is pretty impressive. Our two impressed John. Yes. There. Neal's list is 137. It got in the screwed and tattooed. Hank Goldberg, 121. Joe Rose 65. Joe and Mark 49. But when are you on Mark coming back? Oh, that's right. Bill's in for 48. Jeff de Forest 38. Jorge Rodriguez 21. Neil Reuyer's 12. We'll have a day to attend. Joe Angel 5 and Gileshka Bar 2. And Joe's a geeky with a small pair. And by the way, Casey forgotsens the last time I mentioned it. Joe's a drag piece. So, okay. 26 past noon is 5. Since the WQM happy Wednesday, Tweet. Hey, if you want to know more about the following about following a low carb diet. Well, I'm telling you that Troy Stracker man, he is just. He is an excellent wingman happen, you know it. Like I said, if you want to know more about following a low carb diet, you want the best tasting and largest, less of low carb foods and the best price and head forward. Deet of lights, a waste, goka. I've been talking about this store for a long time. There's nothing else like it. Whether you're starting or restarting the adkins, the sugarbusters, South Beach, or any low carb sugar free diet, the lights of us both has always been the number one low carb store in South Florida. You know you can shop your local grocery store, but if you want a better selection, you want to try before you buy it and your questions all answered. But if Sunday's customer sure has anywhere else, they come to the low carb headquarters, the lights of us goka. Over 1200 great products waiting for you like carb or light ice cream, breads, pasta, chocolate, brownies, cookie, and lots more. The lights is open every day, seven days away from 10 am till 10 am. And you'll find them on the Northeast corner of glaze in 441 right next to Boston Market. You can call them full free at 1-877 low carb, run away with low carb.com, LOW, C-A-R-B. Don't forget there's only one, but what a store it is. The lights of us goka, your official, atkins retail centers. Two hours since at millions of radios. And score seven, four hours, seven, eight, and. The Rogers. Oh, I'm dying on time, I'm dying on the hands. Miami has the dolphins there, the worst football team there. They've got the ball, when gold is gold, like the ones ever seen. That they're on the ground, that's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say Miami, you're talking to a little gold. You don't want to just call that me, who we let's talk to pull. Who? You'll be. Okay. Let's get down there right away, you'll be. Miami's open, summer, all these things are going to be. I'm going to be! Miami's open. Miami's open. Miami's open. Don't bet on them, you'll always be. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to flock. Their coaches ought to tell them to put them in their jacks. Then they would run much faster and even in the feet. When we go to the stadium, we'll see if Miami's eaten there. Miami's all for. Miami's all for. Miami's open, summer, all these things are going to be. Miami's all for. Miami's all for. The team that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the softest but the softest have no fans. Just 50,000 animals sitting in the stands. They watch the game and all they do is mone in gripe and bitch. I wonder how Joe lobbies have to be so bad. And rich in there, the Miami's all for. Miami's all for. Miami's all for. How many games do we have? Yeah. Miami's all for. Miami's all for. I hear the crowd begin to bloom. The crowd is all for. The dolphins have faith, fever, that quarter, backs that you fall. On the field in heat will crawl up past over you. I'll never win a super bowl you should be surprised. When he gets cut that does it mean that he was certain. If I am in dolphins, I am in dolphins. Miami's all for. How many games do we have? I am in dolphins. Miami's all for. Miami's all for. She calls his signals in Hebrew. The dolphins have no teeth and send their offenses at joke. Like George Bush, TV, Fred Solskis, you know they're gonna choke. They'll always dissapoint you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than Park Marks on high singers of lead facing there. Miami's all for. Miami's all for. Miami's all for. Miami's all for. Miami's all for. Miami's all for. Miami's all for. Miami's all for. Now there's food. I'm so good anyway. Good news is that my next I did forward that email they are. Can he got it? He's working on it right now as we speak and you're going to see a whole bunch of pictures on their on our website that are just going to for your ass man. They're just a beautiful thing. And amazing. It is. KWQA and hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Did you hear that. Ben Rally has been replaced by the Iraqi defenseman. KWQA and hello. This team is out for some kind of. We got a shot. CBS's memo becomes a free pass for where you see just in a spurs a couple of these man. If they are great. Gone over do it with the calls. But we kind of like a little miss and match little slip it in here when people are at least expecting it. And 20 years or busiest who writes a great calm me Toronto star no less for. CBS's memo becomes a free pass for which he's. He says when he goes CBS. Fans hear a rush to kick off a new season 60 minutes to unsubten. Tempting rates with big ratings. Your bungalow about the pro war. Blogist here has dubbed memo gate. Your hesitation to admit the error of your ways and your blickered eye on the bottom line. Your carpet bomb US presidential race with bluster and bladder about. Proportional spacing. Nookin will deliver means of serious political discourse in the US. And making the carry Edwards campaign collateral damage. Meanwhile, the Bush, Cheney Jedi mind truth. The truth is what consortium.News called the MESTADELAP again. As the media underplay an ever burgeoning budget deficit. A damaging internal intelligence before running of a Iraqi civil war. Britain's impending withdrawal of troops from the coalition. Another lie by defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld on the state. And size of Iraqi security forces. And just about any story that my damage George W. Bush's run for reelection. There's nothing stick to this guy who has yet to come clean about his. Alki Vietnam evading past. After all the basics of the CBS story were true reported five years ago. By Greg Polas, another real don't just play one on one TV over reporters. It's easy to imagine what done he would be. Octogenary and executive producer who launched the MESTADELAP in 1968. And who held it until CBS pushed him out last June. Must think of all of this. In 1990, it would never finance that it would extend his profitable franchise to a second night. He complained to me that if. Blue seal ball or Jerry Seinfeld. If it had a Lucille ball or Jerry Seinfeld. It wouldn't be seeking to plug the skid or with low cost fin off. Concerned that the underre-sourced second hour would tarnish the reputation of the original. He said, news divisions would use to be charged with finding news and outcharge with filling time. As for all news channels filling time is all they do, which is why for the past six weeks or so. TV news has focused so much on side issues such as whether the democratic nomad John Kerry, Red, Red, White and Blue enough during an after-service in Vietnam, or have superscripted letters existed on typewriters in the 1970s. The joke is CBS's biggest critics, including bloggers who not claim victory for killing the MSM that's mainstream media. Still complain that the legacy old media are liberal media and evil cabal help end up bringing bush down. So how come then if the Democrats have something huge media advantage, Americans haven't heard much say about Bush's big April footflop on attacking Follugia or a footflop last month, I'm reading the war on terrorism. They have about Kerry Supposed to flip-flop on voting for the attack on Iraq. Fact. U.S. Marine Lieutenant General James T. Conway, the outgoing commander in Western America, co-reported on September 12, that he protested what seemed to be a political decision to attack Follugia last spring, but he followed orders sending the troops in. Three disastrous days later with hundreds dead, another decision apparently originated in the White House was made to pull out, Conway opposed that too, but to no avail. How much did you hear about all of this in that liberal media fuss over IBM's selectrics? Fact. Last month, Bush told NBC that the war on terror could not be won. Then he clarified himself by saying this was an unconventional different war, and then a scolks-persons-comiculum clarified the clarification, explained that while the U.S. couldn't win, it would prevail against terror. How much have you heard about this in the liberal media focus on copies from Kinko's? Fact. In 2002, Kerry voted to authorize the use of force against the DOM, but only as he said then, to the Sarmiraka Bluffins' Amazes' Struction, if we can't accomplish that objective through new tough weapons and inspections, enjoy concert with our allies. Ask yourself if you heard that elucidated in this liberal media course to crucify CBS Anchor Dan Rather, who will week after 9-11 got behind Bush on David Letterman's show saying, whatever he wants me and wherever to line up just tell me where. Now, of course, conservative punits in their accolades in the cybersphere are calling for rather his head because he's destroyed his credibility. Frankly, he did that a long ago, even before he told BBC two years ago, that pure political reprisal keeps American journalists from asking the toughest of the tough questions, adding, I do not accept myself from this criticism. So, thanks, Dan. He affixed it so that even fewer journalists will stick their next out now as for credibility, consider that journalists like the New York Times Judith Miller perided the lies of the nowadays slaves who make the exaillacimate Chalabi who sold them on victory parades with flowers and sweets. The White House and its cyberdoubs engineered that con job, but are they appallized? I'm apologizing for that? Nah. So, thanks, CBS. Thanks for being with me. We're all you're going to investigate it to work. Now, please don't do us any more favors. That I is weeping. Why does it mean I'll be great? It was good. She's great. 2025, 60WQM don't forget to join George and Miguel for a happy R5-7 and Fr. Ireland this afternoon. It's right off the palm of the net of just 0-320 seconds. It's stopped by to win some marginal prizes. But check out this week's feature, Stephanie Evans and her, um, Hong Kong shoot. She's the one with a ping-pong. The one golf balls all kinds of things. I see. And you'll be emitting them from the old shoot. If, why? When and out, shoot if you out. If you're playing a replacing your carpeting because they look like crap. Now, maybe during a hurricane, you had some flooding in some real nasty damage. Don't worry about it. Instead of spending tons of money and replacing your carpeting with brand new, just call my good friends at dry concepts. Have your carpet. Your area arrives very pretty. All of these things professionally clean. Because dry concepts, so I've been using for over 20 years in my homes is the best in the world at bringing carpeting back to like no matter how hopeless it may look right now. These are the only people you ought to trust. They sanitize your home. They have certified trained technicians who know their stuff inside and out. Your carpet, when they get done, your carpet is our vibrant and cover soft of the touch. And they're dry and smelling fresh in an hour and a half to two hours. You can really clean today and entertain tonight. No rip-offs, no scams, though, the inundee's per room deals that the other guys offer. They give you a written, guaranteed, let me say it again, guaranteed price upfront before they start to job. So, column data, I'll have everything in your home looking, 50 like brand new and no time at all. Call tool free, 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071, run the wicked worldwide web. It's dryconcepts.com. We don't know how to stretch your arms. We don't know how to stretch your arms. We don't know how to stretch your arms. We don't know how to stretch your arms. We don't know how to stretch your arms. We don't know how to stretch your arms. The block here are entrance. You won't be able to get out of the house. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I won't. I believe it. They were having these land. mentoring their political values. Technical ideas, So that 주는 hands and putting them together. Clothes. Clothes? www. toolfallihowism. Social workerצhtt rop 3560560 he didn't get screwed over his food us over see the problem with a lot of the people in the audience is they think they know something that's what makes them dangerous they think they know something he didn't get screwed over he's good us over big time i mean talk about a loose cannon w qa and hello he's a real yes sir come on you know damn well they're the question courage welfare and if you're gonna shut it yeah that's like sitting it away with his right oh boy these people may have pretty bright aren't they five six six five six six still remember your right publicans democratic courage welfare that's it that's all they do right i mean he was just being cute yeah but he was born to be cute and hello yeah you hit it right on the head you'll fall i tell yeah that's it and i mean although yesterday i didn't catch uh... yourself about the yeah he was the pool what was the police today and we're like almost eighty percent severe still on paper and you know that it's a flat machine uh... amendment passes the Indians will get full gaming yeah so and what i mean touch about a little bit well that's great more than that right make it like a living and reading places what we want to yeah well i got to go uh... give a lot of things right now so i'm gonna get a stand online baby hey yeah you know the problem with some photos that you all farce of on it for a long enough okay all the quite frankly was another generation of all the first most of them are pushing up for a dazies right now but uh... they can throw it long enough it's our time sign well it's too beautiful that it's too nice and a beat in the sun and water all the other things that mosquitoes uh... they should be on by a bunch of old farce who get ready to croak okay it's time to believe it living and reading people to move in bus loads truck loads but loads of living and reading people as that time pretty good uh... yeah we'll take anything from the first aproximately talking about theνοe with these rights in the fall i listen to the mu會 of yours was tropia like you've been in subcontline a dirty to the doves much better go with six to ten and not in five a jet-thiling the cranky doves. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You know how to have your weary bed and stress out to sight? No chance I'll always show it to you. I'd rather die would be grab-me to get there. Why how have you know that I don't have been lucky to have a boyfriend high? I've been with you by a very party but you're not high, I've been! We know this is that would load. No matter that if we had a fight that you would survive, would want a dear agendaile and push each night that's grab-me to get there. So what you and me for me is much better since the ten and not in. It's only right that I should get worse leave but thanks. I think we might be happy to get there. Take a day morning touch that floor. I think we can do it on one one. I guarantee you're me when I ride. I'm a bitch! A bitch! A bitch! A bitch! A bitch! A bitch! I noticed even though Gellby's on her now he's got the big Oh, oh, oh, it's How can you screw over because he didn't belong on the other first place, but nevertheless he's still on payroll Right, wow, we got a whole bunch of people But to me, I know you two and payroll who are doing anything for us, we just take a check And I salute them, I hands off to them, okay? Just the way it goes 103 at 560 WM Mad Dog, we're working for Channel 10, no, no, who's gonna drink whatever it Hell beer he wants to drink He's gonna be drinking his honey can whether they like it or not. He'll be a longer two And then we got more Howard David it is very final appearances on that show Well, they can always shovel him on the Saturday, right? Okay, that's something to do a little fillings Oh, and of course Gellby don't forget about him, he's doing those pantergames That's right, I think it is so appropriate that they do And they show what out with the lockout And there's no pantergames, season at least not until at least January and I really doubt them Well, Gellby is broadcast those games, why can't you sit around like in a phone booth and practice, you know? You can like this practice for the games Here's a bad story From 4-way in D.M. I don't think there are any good stories from 4-way The only good thing ever happened in 4-way in speaking a hockey was the 4-way in college on WOWO, WOWO, which was low set 11.0. That's one of the greats for it, because right next to 11.0 80, which was W18 And Rochester were very, very boring station by the way all my life W8.0 and 50,000 months of boredom In 11.0 90, I'm pretty sure, was WOWO Do you never heard WOWO, sorry Why? Who lived up north once upon a time A Ohio? No, WOWO was for W18 in D.M. Sorry, it just passed through one of us Nobody had to stand, you could pick it up at night All over the country, man, 50,000 lots back in the day But anyway Our retired zoo director died after he was done about a thousand times By European yellow jackets That didn't be consuls to be consuls to be consuls to the Columbus Blue jackets European yellow jackets when he fell onto their nest from a ladder By fitting windows of his home Got a hate when that happens Roll well 75 had been in a coma And Lutheran hospital since September 12th attack New Hunter town about 10 miles north of Fort Wayne He died yesterday at the hospital Well, it was the director of the Fort Wayne Children Zoo From a so-called 60 five until his retirement 94 European yellow jacket swarmed well When his step ladder he was standing out of watch When was collapsed under ground nest? Man He was unconscious kind of like a brainstorm When Permanent survived He suffered cardiac arrest in the attack Remained in the coma after being resuscitated And guess what? After all of this tourists in grief You die? That's it, you guess Let's see here in the next one In Fort Wayne or any other place Can't believe you never heard W.O.W.W.W.O. Sorry, I was listening to the C-Fundit night If I could pick anything up on the balance I'll just say I can't Canadian Vancouver Oh, never heard that, man And here's some really amazing news The pleases me because I can't stand either one of their products Interstate bakeries make a ruff Wonderbread and Twinkies File for bankruptcy court protection early today Oh, what great news there is in God Oh, God The company which operates 57 bakeries Throughout the United States and Employers more than 33,000 people Listed assets of $1.6 million in liability So $1.3 million in file under chapter 11 of the US Bankruptcy Code And indicating intents to continue its operations Poisoning the public The company's been hit by both accounting problems And it dropped in sales and attributed to the popularity of those evil low-carb diets Last month in Mr. McSteaded did line for five and a ten-k Report with the SEC detailing its physical or financial results For the period ending May 29 It goes on to detail how much they lost and how much they did And how many people they're poisoning with that Wonderbread Everyone's bodies are seven or eight different ways What is it, eight ways, seven ways? Everyone Oh, no, that's the nurse's slogan for 100 years Wonderbread It's a lot of bad results I mean, it's not easy, well, guess what? White thread on Kia, maybe it's poison It's nothing but pure, bleached starch Crack And of course, Twinkies, do I need to say anything about Twinkies? Stick with our beaded curtain If you want to Twinkies, just stick with our beaded curtain We got all the Twinkies you could ever want to claim today We got Vanessa L. Williams Not to be confused with any of the other zinians of Vanessa Williams This is the original Vanessa Williams Right Vanessa L U.S. intelligence agencies included recently that I'll kite Another we want to get people nervous or anything like that We found an atmosphere Is moving ahead with plans for a major spectacular attack Despite disruptions in some of its operations Thanks to recent arrest in Britain and Pakistan Officials said recent intelligence assessments of the group Which is blamed for the 9 level of attacks State that an attack is coming And at the danger will remain high until the November 2 elections And last until an auguration day on January 20 Al-Qaeda thinks their credibility is on the line because there hasn't been a major attack since 9-11 So, on official familiar with the intelligence reports on the group A second official said there isn't a reason to believe that the reason the rest have disrupted their plans Authorities in Pakistan and Britain recently arrested KL Hadelidas But the group uses tight compartmentation of its operations The process used by intelligence services keeps information about operations Within small cells of territory to protect secrecy Thus Details of the possible attack remain murky But analysts say it is planned to be bigger and deadlier than the 9-11 attacks Potential targets include the White House Pentagon Whether mysterious planes struck US capital and congressional bill is as well as landmarks and business editors in New York officials Said I guess if you're in Geneva New York you're safe Right I guess if you're an epsilon and a Michigan probably safe If you're like in Opholaca probably pretty safe sweet water no problem state of Montana Not not too many problems there If you're like in Shelby Montana well you're other problems Intelligence officials say a key figure in Opholaca is North American operations is Adnan shook with Juma I like that burden That's a totally different on shook with Juma Because being sought by the FBI for the past several years I wonder if his mother's name is Mama shook with Juma Oh, do I have some beautiful lines for that But I can't say Right one official said Sukrjuma recently was seen in Mexico earlier been in Canada You're a university with a nuclear reactor leading to concerns he was seeking radioactive material for a radiological bomb Oh my god The Mexican newspaper process so quoting Mexican officials reported earlier this month at Sukrjuma With being sought in northeast of Mexico after being practiced in Opholaca And August Acting CIA director John McLaughlin and boy what a bad actor was told a send a hearing last month The alcatis ability keeps his operations secret is a strategic weapon He told the Southern Armed Services Committee that the group compartment compartment secrets down to a handful of people that caves somewhere It's very well documented in 911 report how few people knew about that He was secrecy is a strategic weapon It's a strategic weapon for them because they it asymmetrically works against us because we don't keep secrets very well Several key arrested alcatan members were made over the past several months We know about that but we better put the So they say because they want to keep you pee in your pants and terrified In fact Josh Beckett went in and what one of these start last for the marlins Josh For the injured now now AJ Bernatz injured he's he's five back and he's still on the in the rotation right he is because in the fourth inning Alaska and he started he mysteriously raised For the dugout right in the middle of the inning and Waste into the locker room to the theorems and fact he told his teammates in the way out he had a piece so bad he could almost taste it Speaking of that what a true story when you've got to go you've got a go man Speaking of that what a segue I love this segue man when you're hot your hot. I wish I could speak to them Maybe was that ice cream I hate yesterday You want to hand I had so you ever had soy milk ice cream I can't say that I have not bad tasting but it's just it's pure sugar and it has no fat so it goes like see regular ice cream It's for the glycemic index isn't really that bad. It's not good eventually it'll send right logic We're soaring that that takes a while. At least you go home and lay down and wait to die But the reason for that is that it has a very high fat kind. Especially good ice cream like Ben and Jerry's very high in fat But the so I'm out ice cream doesn't have any fat. It's that free Which if you're diabetic or you want to those people it has mine had like a sugar load sugar rush I'm good idea Because man it just goes so it's like injecting pure sugar into your veins the needle lots of something like that So a few of the obesity epidemic. Well, I tell you and then of course we got the Mexican coconut Passover coke It is true that in different parts of the world even though comes in the same looking bottles and cans That Coca-Cola taste really different thing I think you're for example an Amsterdam they must use the brown water from the canals And they don't have to then they don't have to color it. Oh Gosh, that's that gives you you are just Searching diving for the magic room all over the city every time you start drinking at the Dutch coke Oops So let's do the break and it will come back and analyze these about the as coke problem Also the EPA tells us that 13% of airline water is unsafe So do not be drinking water that they bring like to your table and up your seat and do not definitely be drinking water out of the tea room John Pictures are up you are gonna pee your pain. This is CBS Plas get made of Go Up And I said, what's the sad person? We are sad days and to face that stupid And I said, what's the sad person? We don't think we're sad That I said, we might be happy then And I'm going to try and look for a future We're sad, cold, tears of pride And all this with a no, no, no You, you, you, you, you, you You, you, you, you, you, you You, you, you, you, you, you I wish you support the firepower And all that, all that, all that And all that, all that, all that And all that, all that, all that And just go to the heart, all the street And all the sins and sins We're in full power, no, or what you're Going to try to trick four, push two We did a last try to stop, don't let her That's just me a bunch through my city I'm just a person, I'm just a person I'm just a person, I'm just a person What 18, I'm 20, I just sit there all day and For who's those pictures, man? What we need is the woman president, take a look at the arraggies.com They're the four candidates, you see him? Yeah. You're on like him? Oh, no, I like him? I see him already. Where you are, tough, you're all right, don't you crank? Yeah, that's me. You've seen him already and what does that mean? You know, whatever, they're cute. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I thought they were great. Oh, they're just, they're bigger issues, you know? We'll do that. All, I mean, this guy's an evil Nazi And, you know, put his picture on women This fine and funny and everything, but Like the song says, can we have a chuckle or two here and there? No, and now again, do it again. They're funny and just here. Well, the first guy's an air watch, Josh, what's his story? Maybe the pizza was bad. Oh, did you get pizza? Yeah, we did. From Tony. Oh, that's going to be bad because Jeff Cohen called before a plug in a pizza lock. Other than not near any, yeah, not near each other. Put down from Tony's today, which is great. They do. They do have a lot of great, great stuff. And the one thing about Tony's is, Brad doesn't call us on a year all the time, looking for a free plug. For the first time picture sure great. For the first time Americans are getting more their calories from stopping. Now, let me give you an example of this. My mother used to drink, you know, she'd have died soda for me for my once a week of parents there for lunch. And she would drink regular soda with sugar when it night, and of course she was fat as long as I can remember. Heavy. Fath. And I'd say, what do you drink in regular stuff? I don't like that diet. I don't like it in the day. No day that was saccharine which was poisoned in Nasa. And look, but it did or man, as she's dead. Holy made it to 91 because she was drinking all that soda with sugar in it. Asu card. I see the clues would say. I'm not really sure which one. I'm really sure the clues and I am dead now. But that re-number went down by the light. It's a daily that is what I mean. It's a daily that is what I mean. It's a daily that is what I mean. It's a daily that is a criminal. It's a criminal. It's a criminal. It's a criminal. It's a criminal. It's a criminal. She's a drug citizen. For the first time Americans are getting more of their calories from soft rates and from milk. What's the big stimulus with that poison? The girls milk, O'Felium, milk is bad for you. You will on the face of the earth besides man that drinks the milk of another animal. You ever stop a think about that? No. Well think about it. Researchers at University of North Carolina travel ill analyze national beverage consumption patterns for more than 70-3,000 Americans age to an older. The study is written between 1977 and 2001. Overall calories from sweet and beverages were up. I was going to go into a thing about breast milk, but I better not. When I arrived calories from well, I mean it's mother's milk. It's the same animal anyway. If you're in a fine, but drink in cow's milk, what up with that? They make more than women do. Overall calories from sweet and beverages were up. 135% between 1977 and 2001. Overall Americans got 38% fewer daily calories from milk, which is a seven-hour direction. Americans now get an average of 144 calories a day from sugar sweet and soft drinks. And only 99 calories from milk and if they were smart, they would be drinking either one of those. For young people aged 2-0-18 milk fell from 13.2% of total calories to 8.3% and so to consumption double. All their Americans drank more soda like my mother. And as she's dead, those 40-59 increase off if you can take from 2-5% among people 60-order consumption was nearly 1% from 1% to 3%. Now I've ros nearly 1% up to 3%. But they were at these things. So no wonder, it's not just my bad reading day, they were at these like cram. This is really a comprehensive analysis of luxury searches concluded that the obesity epidemic could be curtailed. If Americans reduced their rentake of soft and sweet and soft drinks in fruit drinks, well guess what? I don't drink sweet and soft drinks. I don't drink fruit drinks and I'm still fat. How do you like that? But, yeah, this report includes both fruit drinks and soft drinks with added sugar like high fruit dose corn syrup. There you go. There's the sugar on your soda man that high fruit dose corn syrup. And it's in your blood sugar skyrocketing. It says part of the problem is that if we decrease our milk intake, our bone growth suffers. Well guess what? I don't drink milk and having for years and my bone is just fine. Most dearest supply, 75% of calcium in our diet, we need that to build strong bones. I see this is just like Wonderbread, build strong body, eight ways of it. I let a lie wasn't hit. It'll kill you. If it's not to take these that'll kill you, it's the frickin' Wonderbread. Light bread is for lunatics, man, it's for gullum. Light bread with mayonnaise. Yeah, that's right. Light bread with like spam and mayonnaise. It's for a trailer trash for real gullum. The people that are on the jury's fingers show eat that. Light bread sandwiches for like slices of, they'll be the cheese and cool. Yeah, and baloney. Like Oscar Meyer. Ever have Oscar Meyer wears. Yeah. For as famous as they are, they make the worst hot dogs ever had my life. They're not my favorite. No. Oh, you're favorite. They said they're not my favorite. No, my, I know, but I mean, how could they even be in a category of anybody's favorite? Anybody? You and don't know your weaners if you eat an Oscar Meyer. I found out too. He's a hearnational for me, baby. Maybe a hearnational or good? Nathan's directional is there. So Nathan's? Skinless. What's not to like? They're cut. What do Mexican cook in Passover cook have in common? The secret is how the special cook in color produced for a pace-off for Passover. Oh, I mean, auspices of the Orthodox Union, the O.E.U. may actually be the premium cook. Coker col officials in land are concerned by growing demand by US colicomisures for foreign made cook, which has real sugar and costs more than the every day variety made with Hyklokto's corn syrup, the ingredients that's removed for pace-off. But why would that be? I'm telling you, these Orthodox Jews may have well Gary Sarner. You just look at him. It'll tell you everything you need to know. I'm authorized to be snob worked for the Mexican made cook of sprung up to truck. The brown fizzy soda across the Rio Grande and around the country. It's brown and fizzy. And put it stuff that do. And for work that can be founded out, let's from Central Market and Fiesta Maritou, family on taco state. I don't tell my joy, so something about it's brown and fizzy. Or she'll up here, pants, we say, here's that. To talk to you to be doing the brown apple quicks done. The cook of color company in land is as it was, the trafficking in Mexican cook stock. We want the Mexican to go the field. Stop now. I almost started pounding on the table. Look at that. You know what we've got all the way to almost 130 in our taco from the bay. We'll watch it now. The suffering industry switched from sugar to a 50-50 blend, 50-50 with high-forked those corn syrup in the early 80s and chips and gradually just to corn sweetener. So I've ridged Adamson in American beverage institute by President Science of the Contecinal Affairs. Koko Hukola produces a special version of Koko for Passover. Where replaces the corn syrup with the sugar. The Passover cook is extremely popular with Jews who observe Passover and even with some manjuice or allergic corn. In other words, they can't listen to defaults. You want the same to the people who are watching this. It's gluten-free. On my side. You're eating. A bitch. I'm just a human. I'm so go go go go. I'm so happy. Why are you so angry? You know. Looks like the fight goes down. Now, she's from the potty world. Mama, go shank on. Now, she's from the rice. I'm so happy. You're not a good one. She's alive. She's a great one. She's a great little cloud. Mama, go shank on. You're not a good one. You're not a good one. She's a great one. You're more careful than when we very dressed. We clean our body down the mass. The king fits me. Pulls your crab feet and she Violence survive. And spill his ياrels by a Omk CO. The TOE Serveriq 소�rapheh. Water, Death, Hey Like, No Boy? What's like some 주�manin' the comors will They treat us stylishly, Let's have fun right now, Linda She's having fun. Who does that? Tell me now. We took you on board and, przep push, as long as we'd shine the � a web with your kitchen hands everyday. It's very good at micwork and you belong together. My love for my life is so high there. Needle for dynamic kinda ederim. What's going on here? I'm going to say that he's a part of the day and rightfully so I'm going to have a David and his remaining afternoons. Anyway this thing you just asked me from Fred Gumball in Naples. Your wrong phrase is not for reading on the air but for your enjoyment you are absolutely incorrect because this is restoring and having a week. Oh I love this because I've been bitching about this for years and I thought it was only yours truly. I thought it was just a few of us purest out there. It's from the New York Times from a couple of days ago by Stacey Alvin the headlines as you say for shoot though I say for shoot and purest cringe. Yeah for shoot and gust of sink in disgust food especially a tight in food. She spent many days in the Bronx with her Sicilian grandmother, Sebastiana, Sarolow, learning how to cook with much of Ella. Only Mrs. Gustafsson did not call at much of Ella she said much of Ella. Wrong? Not to many New Yorkers or New Joesians. Not to some vendors at the annual feast of Sam's in our own little Italy this week but makes it sad and teach you is the purest who loved the language just as Dante wrote it wins and the rest of us as well we learnt into that weirdo thing man most of the Quitos need a big vowel movement. They suffer for shoot though for shoot. Kelsone. Kelsone it becoming Kelsone and pasta phasorola becoming pasta phasorool. It's the fifth of the food pasta phasorool outside of what you're shopping. Bookham held Brooklyn recently this is got to say that her language lessons were conducted at the kitchen table. Everything I know about Italian food is about Italian by the school centric she said adding that a grandma that was not a jacquitted couldn't spell the words as she wrote down her recipes which ended up half an Italian half an English. Neither grandma nor anyone in the neighborhood the Morris Park section of the Bronx which said a large unclean of Italian immigrants ever challenged Mrs. Gustafsson's pronunciation and needed to be Italian butcher who pronounced his final vowels. The Italians they don't correct Mrs. Gustafsson 34 said they like to look not like their French will correct you as because the French are rude and obnoxious and pigs. Stepanol Albertini who is the director of New York University's Italian cultural center agreed to generally speak New Italians are rather grateful to anyone who speaks Italian they think Italian comes in so many varieties and accents. In fact in some parts of Italy the dropping of the final vowels is common. For example I am and this is just my comment in Rome if you want to say thank you for the grace but in Northern Italy like in Milan of Gracie they did just roughly a flood the Iván movement. And perhaps. Grat, Grat, Grat is what's to guys. Restaurant doors and food choppers in the west ended up imitating Southern and Northern dialects where speakers often do not speak their endings for Fester Albertini said no relation to Mr. Martini from Kufusnets. Lilliana Ducey who I don't think I can say her last name. Every 10 year history director for the Berlin language school said many first and second generation Italianos and ancestors immigrated to the U.S. before World War II. World War I rather were informally taught Italian expressions and names of food. Some were presented up part of everyday language in New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. And Grat, Grat, Parallel and Ancest and Professor of Hofstra who teaches Italian, said that because of the way double customs were spoken such as the Double T and Menacati Americans might not clearly hear the last east on. But Yorkers dropped their NXZ said it's become a new word in its own version. And I've got it. Professor Albertini speaking from an educated native Italian perspective said it makes us cringe sometimes in the beginning, but we could use to it. Ms. Ducey said she did hear some lovely Italian spoken in New York which he attributed to widespread use of computerized language lessons in an unprecedented education. American University of T.C. standardized version which is based on 13th century floor and teen vernacular and pronunciation. So while you any etc you're Guitos, if you want people laughing and saying, oh my god, what a Guitos don't be saying for a shoot and menacat and all other New Yorkies. Okay because that has nothing to do with Italian. People who say that. So we have to take another call or two before it's because this seems to be really way for most of your days. And I can't believe that you all loved them pictures. I think you might have liked them. Find that you're rich through something this morning. But they're not new to me. You see when they were doing it. But they're new to me. So if you haven't, if you've seen them already, so big deal by ain't seen none of them yet, including John Cheneyman. She is lovely. And Joanna Carrier. Wow. What a cool guy's sight. Yeah. Woo. Heavy duty. Hey, let's take a couple of calls. They're always uptight now to sight. WQM. Hey, deal. How are you? Pretty good. Hey, listen. I'm not going to go in and dispute a New York Times article on a diet. But like you said it in the Northern Italy. You speak a lot different than essentially Italy. Oh, really? That is good. And Southern Italy, sending my family's obviously Southern Italy. Not what's from New York. And it's a very few of those foul fouls are for us. Our pronounce. I mean, some of them were dark. But a lot of words are not. It's not wrong or right. In fact, when my mother went back to Italy last year for the first time in 30 something years, she's from Southern Italy in Abelino. And she went to Rome for a couple days. The first time ever being in Rome, she was seeking Italian. And they were looking at her like she was a peasant. You could just go look like a peasant woman laying. We should sometimes, it definitely changes. But then all I'm going to say right now, Rome is the greatest city in the world. There is no contest. The greatest city in the world. I'm going next August. And then I'm making my plans through to Southern Italy after that because when we have dropped the election, I got to go somewhere anyway. So it always sounds like the way to go. And I got the family, got the food. And I thought she did that. I'll stand there. I'll stand there. Are we going to make a meal? I'm a good meal. It's interesting. You can mix like the Spanish and the Italian. There's so many words that are so similar. Now, let me go. Right. Say anything. But the Rome is fantastic. And see what they think about Northern Italy. They can put out that anyway they want. But the food there is not even in the same league as it is like in central and Southern Italy. Not in the same league. And it's all different. For example, in Southern Italy, they cook with olive oil. Or you'll leave a fake body. And in Northern Italy, they use butter. Okay. You're starting to get the beer tonight. In Southern Italy, the big staple is pasta, as you will know. In Northern Italy, it's more risotto. risotto. Rice. The cook with rice. And you know what happens if you need a lot of rice, you know. No, what? Get that. Found up real bad. No, seriously. Have you ever had a risotto? I'm sure I have. Don't. I don't know what it is because I mean, I like rice just fine. I don't eat the very often because it's all carbs and it's not, you know, you have a lot of bread. Some like that. I read her a pasta because it delicious because you put a lot of good stuff on it. But a risotto is just cramped. Offer. Some just tell me, when you go to Italy, when you start making your tour of the world after the skaters done with five months, I would definitely sit room first and put in the Florence. I would definitely sit room first and put in the Florence. I. And then you go to Venice and like you see if you're going to drown or not. I've never been in Venice, every bus is all why not. I don't want to like, you know, that whole thing. Think of a swim. Think of a boat to everywhere I want to go. And they say the canals think like crap. That's what I've heard. Canals have answered him. They don't really think like crap. But boy, they sure look like it. Man. Even joy. I bet you should even look at the canals there because they're so brown. She's so conjuring up all sorts of road test things. Being the pervert that she is, man. Anyone imagine, can you even imagine what her real life is like behind closed during the night. Oh, man. You can't even begin to imagine a kind of crap that she's gotten her broom closet. Starting with the old broom. Anyway, here's the, hey, hey, hey. Pull so far. Speaking of that, who's gotten screwed worse than WQAM? 752 votes. Pretty heavy response to that, which I thought I predicted it. Neal's list is 214. Well, we do the best we can. Hank Oldberg, 179, who may become a back one of these days, soon we hopefully hope. Joe Rose, 97, Joe Mark 70, bills him for 66. Jeff the forest, the corn expert 47, Jorge Rodriguez 28, and by the way, I've decided to terminate Jorge Rodriguez. A near-wage of 22, Joe Angel 14, Mohour David 13, Joseph Gackie 5, Y'all digгels Dean, vote a three time. No! And that's because he can't much else to do. And Miguel Escobar's got true. He's got a guy who's gonna show me the Rogers mornings in Beijing. And he's also well-known, soft, and priced. We, yeah. Wow! His reality shows! His ticket to put on TV! Raccoon! But Mr. Cino, have gone into bankruptcy! And don't forget, you just can't agree. And you can bet, you won't be spending as much on this way. But you can't see it standing there, I wonder what happens on the way now. Do you think you still have a tail? You'll have to fire a sail! His bad news for John! Feel like a John! He might even jump! From a power control! And he's taking his long run! For John, John! He's minus way on John! And you talk about over the world, right there, and so on. Plastic example! Being a gigantic, uh, crap! A lot of money, but he's a little bit strong on his friend. And that's why TV's got to make a big deal on him, you know? Maybe he only likes to say he has to. Yeah, he's had it. I just am totally non-pust by him. He doesn't impress me. Not that he would care, but I'm just a scratcher. Oh, this is stuff. That's an impression or a mean. Yeah, you know, I'm a kid. Oh, speak of that. The EPA says 13% of airline water is unsafe. A lot of sounds this half-hour joys. I don't think that the appropriate mobiles over there are going to be too happy about that. Too many, like, gutter will sound puking and belching and farting and well-moharting yet. We're bringing the fart spag joys if you don't like it too fart and bad. Anyway, nearly one of every eight passenger airlines tested by the EPA carried drinking water that fails agency standards because it contains a lot of this call-off form bacteria, the agency finally admitted this week. EPA, enforcement chief, Tom Skinner, neurolegission of Bob Skinner, used to play for those Pittsburgh pirates back when Bob Prince was called to games and got to people at Iron City beer all pissed off because they were sitting up in the booth and getting loud enough knocks during the game and he bitched them out and he got K into K to K to K in any rate. EPA, enforcement chief, Tom Skinner, neurolegission of Bob Skinner, all said passengers were who's immune systems are compromised. May one avoid drinking water from airplane galley or lavatories, although we noted that test results are only preliminary. Of the planes checked, 20 tested positive for total call-off form bacteria, which could signal a presence of other harmful bacteria, two planes tested positive for E. coli bacteria. Oh my God! Which in a severe form came caused gastrointestinal illness and we give you like some scams of what that is like, but it's going to be a re-enotid shape. This is something that needs further analization, but also media actions can are set in that the EPA will begin further testing in a few weeks. Air transport, association spokesman Doug Will said the airlines are confident that drinking water is safe saying no one has gotten sick from airline drinking water. How does he know that? How can he make a statement like that? Watch him. In the United States, 90% of municipal drinking water systems meet EPA standards, agencies testing showed airline water was only slightly worse. 87.4% of the planes tested head water than EPA standards. Now, do you drink water out of your tap at your home? Through a filter. We have to read over it. Would you drink it right out of the tap? No, but however I should add. Why should you drink it right out of the tap on an airplane or out of their toilet? Although the toilet is a ward-winning water. How about your pern? Hollywood water. Oh, it's good. Well, you drink it. But the fact of the matter is that on a plane, they have a little car to travel in the pink of an airplane. What do you want to do? What do you want to do? When you drink the water, they're pouring out of a bottle. It's bottled water. Right? Is our mineraline con gas or chemical shazigan or singas? Yeah. Con gas, yes. Gasacta. Is it about the cassada? I don't really start on that stuff again. Okay, okay. Look at that. They've got a panel on the pool. Who's got the school of words to QM? The Osloos is 2201 in the Humperous Cossot RS with 183. I'm 560. Fuck it in. And hold it. Now in concert. It's John Carey. John Carey. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. John Carey. Coming soon to Italian News. Help. I need some help. Help. You're standing right there. Help. Please. Help. Young American. Young American. Young American. Young American. Young American. Old American. Old Old Old. Old Old. Right. Young American. Young Carey. Seems like classic hits. Young American. Strong American. Old Old Young American. Howard? The Midwest David Morgan. Quarter stresses. And we'll follow together. Vanity from second part. strengthen the effort to make this building proud. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine.