I'm a win, dear wife. As you see, King has... Hey kids, don't play ball, play the odds with the beat rose talking base far car. Let's stomp in our ball, game, make a sound bit box. We don't share the losers over wins as well as we make the square out of care. That beat rose talking base ball card. It's fun. It's profitable. It's educational. It's illegal. The beat rose talking base ball card will have the fans calling foul. Only 1495. We're 5 to 3 or 8 to 6. Get yours. We're ever racing for us or so. Sports. 10-0-1-5-60-W-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-00-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0 Ninig socioIntellgor especially hunter described many astounding betting check using the turns to Now we didn't cross past this morning in the hallway. We didn't get a chance to bond in a tea room or anything like that. In fact, he had Zack in there cleaning out the baggy in which I thought, you know, when do you think after you came to somebody off, they're sure you would make him clean out their baggages? This, I mean, it's to be like, I'm an echo chamber again. How come when you're in here doesn't sound like this or was it over the weekend again? Ah, you know what I think I'm gonna do? Next time I come back, I'll come back starting on a Tuesday. There you go. Huh? Not a good idea. Because maybe then by Tuesday they'll have all on few all of the stuff that gets tubeed up here over the weekend. Jesus. Great football over the weekend. Too bad you're not a football fan, George. Yeah, she bad. Even for a couple of, no seriously. Seriously, for once, man, it was, and of course I know the Patriots are very lucky. I heard that crap coming to work again this morning. I want to turn around and go home. He just won't get off that same. Well, they've won, what is it? 14 games in a row, 13 in a row. 15 and 21 or 17 games are season including the playoff win against Tennessee. And, well, there's something there in the ball bounces the right way. Yeah, your balls aren't bouncing the right way. That's your problem, Mo. You pathetic old turd. And by the way, you're not gonna buy you out. Just to make you miserable, they're gonna force you to work every single day right till I last day in March of 2006. Not that they don't have the money to buy your ass out. They just want to make you miserable. They want you to get up at three o'clock 3.30 in the morning, every one of those days. Am I right? Absolutely. Absolutely. Right. And of course, parents, he can't look you now. I've talked about anything serious anyway unless it has to do with sports. Right, that's all he knows. He's another silly sports nerd from UM sports sports. Anyway, thanks to a billy for the nice picture from the damwack. Well, from Dan Square, from that Dan Square and Amsterdam. You notice he's standing right in front of the across the pulse. You'll tell you. I do sort it. Yeah. It says greetings from the damwack. I'm stood on Billy Frederick from the Shulers on the beach. Well, I used to see it there, Billy. By the way, lose a little weight. Oh, we're all fat. What are we gonna do about that? Thanks to my friends at Interest Diabetic. Boy, I'm so glad at least I got my hands on that stuff. That's good. Even though you don't like it, which you can be honest about it. You're not fat anyway. No. Not for me. But compared to any of that other stuff, because the other stuff I'll taste real chalky, you know? I'll take your word for it. No, it tastes like liquid chalk the other stuff. And this stuff, I don't know what's not to like. I can't compare it. Well, that's because you're not a fat person, so you don't know the limited things that were available to us, fat people. And of course, I'm already a bit home one day. I already got the same stuff. Here's the crispy cream. Don't let's sit now through in my house. Here's the big bags of candy. Here's all the fat for the rat and the rat is eaten. The bait, you know, and just bulk it up. Do I dare? Do I dare? I don't want to tell you what I wait on the scale this morning. 2.5. Oh, no. 197. Oh, I'm so bad. Hey, good. Well, I mean, it's a game. 2 pounds yesterday and one day. In one freaking day, I gained 2 pounds. Yeah. And now to come in here, I saw the beast. Holy crap, man. Jesus, God Almighty, somebody wants to stuck out. I think mode to get even with it. Must have stuck a bicycle pump up his ass and blown it. Didn't I tell you? Wow. He looks like the inflatable beast. I'm serious. He's like a human accordion. Blow up party beast. Wow. Wow. Wow. When it blow it out. And anyway, then I hear Zach is the door man at the doll house. Good news. I heard Joe going on a great length about that. Of course, I hate to write the news to you. You'll he ain't go to get any. Can you even begin to imagine that? No. I wasn't trying to. Well, I'm dead. I'm just saying you can't even begin to imagine it. Anyway, I saw that debate last night released most of it on MSNBC. What is my cable company? Is it medium one? Which used to be a hundred different things. Used to be store and used to be this and used to be all these other. Homecast, homecast and type can be comecast unless whatever it is. So what they've done is they moved a whole bunch of channels. From months now, we haven't been able to find Fox Sports Florida. Where the Panther games are, which we got to satellite dishes so you can still see it. But it's been in the ass. Come to find out they moved it from 24 to 42. They just keep moving crap around all over the place. Without telling you, so they moved MSNBC which used to be five and now it's channel 73. So I'm surfing and surfing and surfing looking for the debate last night. Took me about 20 minutes to find a guy. The thing of course, their response would be, well, nobody watches MSNBC anyway, which is a good point. Huh? So we might even make it a channel 173. But so I saw that debate last night. I want to tell you right now, folks. And I know this isn't going to win any friends in his audience because I got to results. What I do with him? I saved the polls from the weekend, which I have me here somewhere. Same disorganized now because all those sales assholes coming in here. Nice seeing you, Scurando. Ever put your ugly pussy here again, okay? Go on, do I hate that bitch? I don't, I don't know what the hell happened to him. I had both pull here they are. And you know what I did with the second one because you screwed up bad on Friday? What? Because you forgot to facts, Eric, the your third pull? From when we were related. You didn't? No, I'd facts that after the show, but I facted it. At what time? Because I facts it too. Well, whatever, okay. So let's say he screwed up. Because he's kind of a painfully I screwed up. I don't care. Okay, somebody screwed up. So anyway, when the because the pull would Dean and Bush kept going. So when it got to 499, I printed it out. So we'll have exactly the same number of votes. One, they're pretty clever of a doddering old fool like me. And by the way, I got to say this also. I come in here and I'm wearing a shirt that probably is the the oldest old man shirt I have ever worn in my life. Looks older than you. Right. In other words, this is the typical South Florida old man's outfit. Button's biggest saucers. Right. A comment. I mean, not found you had to be. I don't even know why I put it on. I guess it would just have it to be hanging there. You know, what do I care? I'll do it in the museum. This you would agree. This is an old man. Now all I ever hear in this place. Oh, gee, those shirts he wears. There's nothing wrong with a shirt side. Where did I have this one? And what do I hear this one? Beast. Oh, nice shirt. New shirt, nice shirt. Oh, of course, compared to him. I'm a fashion play. You know, when you weigh 600 pounds, what are you going to wear? We'll be set up up to him. And an awning. Right. Right. But I'm almost embarrassed to wear this thing. But it's one of those you can wear on the outside of your pants. I'm so you're like fat rich again now. I think it's made out of material that's a legal now. Would be why a burrow kind of look. You know, when you got a big fat puppy, pretend you're a Cuban man. Oh, and speaking of a, uh, specs. Wow. Who was that bitch? I bet you're somebody that saw the it's those who that brought was last night. The, the, the weekend bitch. I wish you the scene that she made Rosanne Rosanna Dana, seem articulate. That, that's how she was talking like this about her chibi and about the, yeah. Oh, my god. And then, and she was supposed to be one of the moderators on the Brown and Black Caucus. Lester Holt was there for kind of like the chocolate brown people or whatever he is. I said. And he was good like he always is. And she was supposed to be the spick moderator. Well, she wasn't satisfied with being a moderator. She was like, make it up her own questions, her own answers, her own commentary. Really, she, you would have been so humiliated and thank God she was ricken because then he could have picked on him some more. But he might want to leave find that bitch. She was ridiculous, Rico. And she had no idea. It was pathetic. We're in a sad state man. Just look around you. We're in a sad state. So anyway, 499 votes for each on Friday. And we asked if the election were held today, who do you vote for? Uh, Wesley Clark had 344 bush 87. I wouldn't vote 68. So the percentages were Wesley Clark had 69%. Bush 17.4 and wouldn't vote 13.6. Power Matt Howard Dean 72.1% bush 15.4 and I wouldn't vote 12.4. So Howard Dean, uh, let's see, the little over 3% more and Bush, uh, a couple of percent less. So Dean did a little bit better than Clark in his crowd. But when I tell you what I have to say today about Howard Dean, there're going to be a lot of people unhappy. But that's okay. I don't really care. I'm not one of those suckles. That's going to come on here and panoramic, but I'm going to tell you exactly the way I see it. Oh, poor Dennis Cassinu's man, how sad it is. Can't we get him in touch with Chuck Alphay or get him some better looking here? Huh? No. Why not? That's what he needs. Oh, hey, look at this. You see the new red. I don't read it. You can write off the bat starting with his squiggly little. I don't read it. Little goofball on the facts machine. Not especially now that he puts the background on it. You're so stupid. It's like a bulletin like the drug uh, uh, arrow to it. Not read that. It's in the Schmidt can already. Schmidt head. But anyway, how many people do you think actually saw that to be less? Not curting me. Yeah, I'm thank God it started after the football and after 60 minutes, which I got the audio by the way about the Apollo Neal stuff. Now that story should have made the front page of Irby newspaper in America. What page you think it was on? In the in the Sun sent it over the weekend. Page 30. Huh? It was on page. Yeah. You ready for that? Page eight. Fris section. I was actually at least it wasn't in the sports section. Page eight. Page eight. This is the this is the bomb shell man. And that book comes out tomorrow. The book comes out tomorrow. The name of which is uh, let's see. What is the name of the book? Do you know what it is? Bush is a de- Recival liar. Ron Susskai writes the name of the book just a second. It's called uh, I don't know. I'll be gunned in because I didn't print out that story. Well, it's on our website about 800 different places. But anyways, by David Susskai and not David. Ron. And Paul O'Neill the former Terri secretary tells it right like it is. I like when he refers to Bush during their meetings is like a blind man in a room full of death people. No, a lot of death man in a room full of blind people or book. Take your pick. Blind man death people. Right. Unbeleivable. There it is. Therefore they they all they all had agreed about the wreck business long before even before they stole the election. Yeah, and long before 9.11. And Bush kept saying well you tell me how we're going to make this happen. Tell me how we're going to make this happen. And I have a letter which is on our, no, it's on our website. It was on Lynn Samuel's website. Thank you, Lynn. A letter from some folks from an organization called the project for the new American century. Better known as Pena. Who are they? Oh yeah, but you asshole. Never heard of a letter to Bill Clinton. Honorable Bill Clinton and the date of it is January 26, 1998. And some of these signies are people like Bill Bennett. And Richard Pearl was a crazy person. By the way, he needs to be in a straight jacket like Sheridan on passions. William Crystal, Donald Rumsfeld at Paul Wolfowitz, James Walsy and a bunch of other Graham. And wait till we get to that. I mean, how long can you be stupid? You know, we read that article about the S word. How long can the American public continue being stupid? Oh, that's right. Clarence was just in here before. That should be a good answer to my question. Well, we were talking about important things. Not talking about world events, which is a little bit beyond his scope. Talking about things that really matter. If I can find it in here. Sports. That's it. 10 13 at 5 60 WCM, look at the four resul look at all the people who want to have dinner with me. Because I think they think I'm going to buy surprise. Hey, if you're planning on replacing your carpets because they look like crap or maybe you're thinking about having your carpeting or area rugs or drapery professionally clean, don't play Russian or a lot with all them carpeting that cost a hell of a lot of money. Do the smart thing like I've been doing for over 20 long, amazing years in my house. Call a professional as a dry concept. Now make them look just like brand new. They have only certified trained technicians who we didn't know there's stuff. No ax merters. And they'll make your carpets look like brand new because they dry clean your carpets. Sucking out even the deep down dirt in the fibers your carpet making them like I said. Look like you just paid for brand new and had to lay the other day. And they also are a set to stand in for everybody else to follow because nobody in the world can make them look so great and they're drying a couple of hours they smell a lot of fresh. You're going to be amazed at this to finish job they do for you. And if you call now, you can ask how you can say 15% on your next carpet cleaning too. At dry concepts. Call them toll free. 1 800 248 5071 1 800 248 5071 other thaw days are over. Be a great time to get your house back in order looking just like brand new again with our friends at dry concepts. Check them out on the web if you like a dry concepts.com. Tell them old Neil Tore to call 1 800 248 5071. Rhyde and local. We're sports video 560. 2 8. I do not. American girls. And American got to only listen to the message from the Uber ride. We'll have their table talk flying. As the troops come home dead. They find the comfort of the night. I'd no wonder the bed. I never served in the army. I'm too afraid to fight. So I sit right here near the TV far from the liberal. Last under their covers you'll discover. I'm a big decision. Who would prefer to have some other do the fighting for me? Now this country I love is occupied and I rack. And all the suckers like me whose next arc read in the pack have our tongues all placed firmly. Emotions big brown eyes. The big mouth cowards of the world who gladly follow. Lime. Hey Uncle Sam up to a parade. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. I come out with some great guys better than you. I'm an in-bird jerk. Who Farwich anything? And have a reader and search it so much easier this way to watch TV or look at pictures. In USA today, with my finger up I have as a tickle my brain, and I'll go sound up to a parade to fight or enlist, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my face as I lower my fly, so I can pull off my foot, to proudly show the spots that could have tuned on my nuts, the Saudis are our best friends in the world, not those Iraqis or Jews, only, yeah, I'm an arms-care warrior. You know, better than you. Can I tune in to the 560WQM 1373 votes on a third poll on Fridays, that means we had almost 24-hour votes between the three polls. What's wrong with that? Nothing. What well known person would you like to have dinner with, we asked? Bill Clinton, I couldn't catch Bubba. I'd be Tracy Moore, as I beat the pants off that bitch, which a lot of guys would like to take the pants off that bitch, but nevertheless, Bill Clinton 305, the arrogues 256, because they assume I'm buying. Right? Are you? No. Tracy Moore is 149. Michael Moore, 110. Gloria Steinem 101, I'm really suspicious of that, aren't you? I'd be the cranker. I'd be the cranker. Oh, the day Gloria Steinem 101. Wow. Mel Brooks is the 6th Jack Nichols in 64. He left her 55, they want to hear all his bedtime stories. The Dalai Lama 40. Why? I don't know. Arnold Schwarzenegger 39, Johnny Depp had almost about 30 minutes. 27 for Johnny. Dennis Lury 25, OJ 22, he was titled Robert Duval, I always think when I think Robert Duval, I always think OJ 22. Larry David, oh, I did see who Larry David was on a promo for that awful show. Yeah. In your right. Larry David then, the Keith Richards, he had 20 same person. Jimmy Tyler and Francis Ford Coppola, each had 10. Benicio Del Toro had Nuebe, Marlon Brando 8 and Robert Blake, Robert Dubley, K.D. You must of course maybe they'd like to get some phone numbers and find out. That's why George had nine. They'd like to get the phone number and tips. That's right. Maybe make a few suggestions. How to get it done. And maybe maybe a suggestion for nice Italian restaurant to eat at while it's getting this taken care of too. Anyway, so that's a result from on Friday. And I'm taking a poll today, assuming that maybe a few people. I'm going to get it. Look at the phone. Is this a phenomenal response? It's been that way since I sat down here. I'm just, and you wanted to know why it's not where it's not on. It's not on. It, I'm crunched. There's nothing happening. You know what? This is exactly precisely the same thing that happened when I was here in November. The speaker sound like crap. The phone doesn't work. I'm crunching up all the buttons. Nothing is happening. I knew that somebody even a crank would have to be calling. The whole phone thing is screwed up. There's no show here. Let me reset it. Let me call her candidates. See what time I can get out of here. I know there's a flight at 11. I mean, well, what's the point? Oh, Neil, it's so great. You're coming back here. And then nothing works in this, a few in place. So now we got to reset the phone. And you want to know why I'll say it again. And I'll say it right to their face because we got a couple of week need in, whatever it had you call him. Okay? Weekend, need middle-level management people who cannot make this place work. That's the problem. That is the freaking problem. They let these two rooms here are like a playground of circus on a weekend. Well, we got funnel games. We got the hockey game. We got this game. We got games up the ass, baby. That's what we got here. Games up the ass in the gizzard. And as a result, this is every time you come in here on a Monday morning, whether it's me or anybody comes in. It's the same old turd, same old crap. Now what are you doing in there? I reset it. Is still got a word to do something? Because it's not doing anything here. This is dead or an adornal. I think George Corso done it. I think the dog done it. I've got news for him. I'm not going to sit here and play fast and lose for four hours without a phone. It works after he was six years without a working out for aspiratus. Seven months, I wanted to take a single phone call. They hated it. So now I'm sitting here ready to like it. Because I'd like to find out who the broad was there on the debate that the Recon Broad. Somebody must have seen it. I mean, that's somebody's idea. See the Democrats are busy destroying themselves. Here Paul O'Neill comes out with a bombshell of the century. He brings in the author of this book. This David Susskind or whatever he said. Why do I keep saying that he's dead? Ron Susskind. Who's that in the doorway? Who's a standard? Oh, it's moth. Well, he'll fix it. He's got thousands of pages of documents. I mean, it's just incredible. Did you see the piece last night? No, because I've got the audio. And I might play. Why might play just over and over again? The way things are going right now. What does he ask you new? Do I need to fix it? Or do we set the computer in there and see it? No, no, we don't need fix it. We're just way, where's that thing that magic wand that you play? What is that? Oh, it's, uh, oh, it's on another bank. Might be in here. Yeah, we're just going to wave a magic wand. We don't need an engineer. We just need the, uh, miracle is what we need. We need a prayer. There's fix it. There's fix it. Stand the doorway right now. What is nice new here, dude? Boy, you look at the press of press about and see what happens. Okay. Nothing. Okay. Okay. Zero. Nothing. Not a little bit. Not a tinkle. Not a vibration. Not a, uh, flicker. Nothing. Zero. Zippin'y. Do da. Now, let me ask you something. It must have been working on Friday because I did show on Friday and Toronto and everything on both ends were working. Just a, okay. Just fine. Right. But over the weekend, this is a playground. This is Greg Reed's play sports playground on a weekend. And everybody in this building comes in here, including people that haven't got any idea where their asses and they dick with stuff. Now, you're pointing at yourself. You did this? Oh, well, I don't take credit for it. Unless you got another job lined up. Mole gets your ass fired. Well, why should you be different from anybody else? So they're, you're not fat yet. So if you can put a few pounds on, he like getting fat guys fired. You know, the beast, Zach, a little Carolyn wasn't fat and she wasn't a guy. But nevertheless. So they're calling right now. Okay, let's see if we get enough calls. Maybe they'll blow through the equipment. You know what I didn't want to say. But I knew it. You know, this one I came in here. I wasn't in the most cheaper moods because I knew it was going to happen. There was no doubt in my mind. And there's stuff in the doorway. Oh, you need to fix it. No, we're going to just sit here. And we're just going to take the goddamn phone and set it on fire. And we're going to do fire is what we're going to do. We're going to smash it. So in other words, you rebooted it and it didn't do anything. I reset the system, but your computer still is doing anything. We're going to reset your computer. And maybe that'll fix it. Maybe it won't. And maybe it won't. And then maybe I'll just play music all day. Serve them right. I organized the CDs behind you. You'll notice that there are no empty gaps in all the music. Actually, he's right for the title. All the music. All the hits all the time. 6 Carpenter CDs back there. Wow. And none of them have the one song that I wanted. What was that? Yeah. Yeah. Really? I think that's the one. Oh, that's a very depressing morbid song. It was right in with this place. What was that? Was that his cell phone going on? Yeah. Man, if I could tell you how much I hate that. Everywhere you are, you're sitting there having dinner or whatever you might be in a ball game. And all of a sudden, I'm having all these little tones going off and everybody would a cell phone. And now, we got the fancy schmanzy cell phones that you can do everything with. You can watch a portal flicks on it. You can see what your mother-in-law is doing with the postman. All the other stuff. It's great. It's like Alice's around passions. You can watch everybody else in town is doing. So I'm just bringing a proceedings to a halt. I'll give you the new poll. I'll give you something to do anyway. Because I do want to talk about that debate last night. I'm sure some people saw it. The one in Iowa. It was the Brown and Black debate. I see. We know they got a lot of minorities in Iowa. About 30 man. And many in Vermont. About 30 man. No, I wouldn't give that carried away. It's in Vermont, maybe. Yeah. So when Al Sharpton attacked Dean, but the only problem with that is that Dean now is like so much under the fence of that he's losing it. He is so, so weak and so lame. He's just falling off. He's just falling off course. And I can see it's slipping through his fingers badly. Now, what do you think if you're going to be in a debate on minority issues that you would know that somebody was going to ask you about your record in Vermont? Were there any minority members in your cabinet? Wouldn't that be likely one of the questions that somebody was going to ask you since they're asking each other questions? If they're trying to nail your ass to the wall? Of course it would be. Was he prepared to answer the question? Of course not. But it would be. But it would be. But it would be. But it would be. But it would be. What are you talking about? Does he do it side to side? No, he's like a fat jar. Something. He just, I don't know. See, I'm trying really hard to like him again. Which I always have like him. In fact, I was one of the first ones to like him. But he's starting to scare the crap out of me now. And the one that I do like a lot is Dennis Cassent. Haven't I been saying that consistently? He says he tells it like it is. He's the one that brought up the thing about Paul O'Neill. And his book coming on the fact that O'Neill says that the bush that bush I had the Iraqi attack all set up long before 9.11, which is why they had to make up all these lies to justify going in there. And one of the things that I want to know about is how we divvy up the oil, by the way. I can't wait to get a hold of that book tomorrow. What's it called? Something. 28 past 10 at 560. It's a picnic. Join us. Oh, bring the ants. Bring all the guy there. Silverware. Oh, thanks to, of course. Because we're having a fricking party here at QM where nothing ever works. It's the same old crap. Just never ever got to stop. You think it'll ever stop? I hate this play. Nothing works here. Amen. Medi-cations on work. I've been here for seven years. Nothing works here. I hate this place. Nothing works here. The medications on work. I've been here for seven years. I hate this place. Nothing works here. Absolutely. 1029 at 560 WQM the home of absolute technical incompetence. If you're currently working exactly the way it's sure you got like a problem or maybe a couple. EF-turned out of repair. These are the people you want to retry to car too because they're no rip off, no scams. They know exactly what they're doing. You'll find them at 583 North Federal Highway just to my line of have North Asc. A sample road in Pompatau Beach. At EF-turned out of repair experience, the different that experience makes. All you have mechanics are ASC certified technicians, current with all the latest technology. And most have been with EF team for nearly 20 long excruciating years. The EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience and no job is two bigger two small for EF from a blown fuse to a blown engine to a blown program director from a 73-todd or an 04-bit Lee EF-turned out of repair does it all. All jobs are meticulously double-checked for accuracy by the shop foreman. And every single car is cleaned upon completion of the work. EF-honors most extended warranties. They offer you a wide away service and most repairs. So when you get your car back, it'll be just like brand new. EF-turned out of repair at 583 North Federal Highway in Pompatau Beach, column at 954-4-2-699-26. 954-4-2-699-26. Be sure to ask about their 90 days, same as cash no interest credit card where you talked to our friends at EF-2. That's EF-turned out of repair and actually recognizes one of the most successful one of the bestest is automotive repair facilities in New Teriyu, SA. And don't forget to be if their motto is, nobody cares more and nobody. We'll work harder to earn your business. 954-4-4-566-299-26. They're glamorous, they're love-breakers. And now you can look just like they do with celebrity much-a-footographers. Celebrity much-a-footographers can make you look like a star after a three-day bender in a series all I did. I want to look like a Nick Noltz! Sure! Just dump this motor oil on your head. Put on this filthy who I am sure. And... Scallot! I want one more knife. Fill in camels! Sure! Just dump this motor oil on your head. Put on this filthy golf shirt. And... Scallot! Celebrity much-a-footographers can make you look like any of your favorite criminal celebrities. Whether it's why known a judge, win owner writer, George Clinton. Robert Downey-Dune your or they ever pop-yunner Michael Jackson. Okay. Put on this white make-up this red lips that cause black eyeliner this prosthetic pose. And... Scallot! Wow! I look like a million bucks or... If more like 10 million to keep a kid from satisfying in court... Celebrity much-a-footographers. Where we'll make you look like the rich and infamous in a flash. 26 to 11 at 5.60 W to QM. So anyway, our poll question is today, regardless of which candidate you support. Try to separate your emotion from your answer, although I know most of you won't. Regardless of which candidate you support, which contender is best articulating your views. They're all full of Schmidt 13. Dean 13, Kusinich 8, Clark 8, Bush 3, Kary 2, sharpened in two Edwards 2, Giver 1, Leighberman 1 and mostly bronze got the big... Oh! Zero. In fact, that's what Bush used to call poll on you. Oh! Did you know that? No. In fact, look at this schedule. He got a show tonight eight to ten. The big... Oh! He's got to talk about the money in sports. Yeah. He is kind of a... The fool, but nevertheless... Just wait till his book comes out tomorrow. I might just read the whole book on you. Or won't do any good farting in the wind again. Okay, we're rebooting our thing here where this... There goes, maybe something's gonna happen. You think? You can try. Or not, as a case maybe. It's just a matter of moments and we'll see if we're gonna have any calls tonight. We're gonna have all music today on the New Roger show. Take a look at that schedule. Oh, I see Dave Height took a shot. It is good buddy, my friend, the hopper. Yeah. You asshole, Dave Height. Running and hiding. It's another one of those columns he writes when he's got nothing right about. Have all these great football games going on. What is he right? He's got nothing. Well, I don't know what to write about. So I'll just write a few random thoughts. Even idiot, Dave. And what are the thoughts he puts in there is... Don't you want to hear a lot more of Vogue Shombie? I was in that nice? I mean, Hank just got over. He just came back Friday. I heard a little bit of me. Sound like I was on Death Store. Had a bad case at a flu. But sick as a dog was out for four days last week. And his close personal buddy Dave Height takes a shot. Go to one of your lot more of Vogue Shombie. No, I'm a ball games, yes, but I'm a talk show. No. But what a low. And you know something? This thing is just sitting there. You know where it says microwave. A Microsoft Windows 98. Yeah, I'm going to go have to go. I want it. Activated. If I go one. Did it. Oh, no way. But there's the green screen. Uh oh. There's the cursor and the, uh, the, where the Worser and the cursor. Huh? You never know. I think this is exciting enough. And deserves a little bit of a drummer. I'm rolling myself. Oh, just a scape out of that thing. Just a scape. Hit a scape on what? Oh, the keyboard you can't reach. Are you crazy? Okay. I got, I wrote it. Wait a minute. We've updated the clock as we saw the daylight savings. Time, which we're not on. It's on a wrong time now. It's on, uh, says 930. So we're not even on the area. That's good. Okay. Let's give it a shot. Assistant producer. Okay. This is pretty exciting. Hey, Mark Coney's in the other room. He's a he's embarrassed by this. Hey, go to Yambo. Bring some lunch. Where you and speaking to bring lunch. So anybody bring any food in here. That was one of the first things I heard from our asshole salespeople, Skippy. Well, Jeff, would like to bring in some food that no. No. Good luck to you. If you'll need it, but the answer is no. I got my enterprise diabetic and it's great. Okay. Let's click on that assistant. Huh? In nothing happened. I've worked. There you go. What do you mean it's working? I see a big thing up there. I don't see any dots. I don't see anything yet. It's, oh, they're coming to that. And there's the phone. There we go. Let's hear it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Right. Do you want me to cry? Yeah. Speaking. Hey, you will the mad dog beyond today? The mad dog will be on it too, baby. It's a good deal. I ride. Mad dog at two. The Humperat for at you is there's going to rip Dave Heighted ass and he's evenly so come on, rip him the nest. I'll turn into here that. You got her cool hotline at seven. The big, uh, hollow needle at eight. Any K10 and join mark overnight. So there you go, the phone is working like a charm. And again, as you always tell him, you're not supposed to be that room, no, no, no, no, right. You're so full of crap stuff. It's coming out of every corner of your body. Hope that Dr. found it. Okay, when you had your physical again this morning for the young team time, talk about a hypocondriac. This guy goes to the doctor more than all the people of cemetery village put together. And then has to come in here and give me a whole report. Well, my heart is good and my, great. I'm real happy for you, okay? And in the meantime, everything in here sucks. Jesus Christ, well, nobody's supposed to be in there. How about putting like a padlock on it? How about getting something done in here? Clarence, you little simple to win put your sports, what your silly ball games. Yeah, he squeezed it all day. He's got a football in there. And he sits there, squeezes it all day in the football too. That's what he does for about 100 grand a year. 140. W. W. Q. A. M. Q. A lot of throughout. A. W. Q. A. A. Q. A. A. A. A. Uh, anybody see that debate last night? Yes, sir. Yes, I know it. Okay. Oh, I just, I just want things for you. If you don't live in this country, why would you care about what's going on. Oh, this is the same stuff again. Oh, my God. I do live at this country, sir. I'm here right now. Okay, asshole, just so I could be with you. Same. See what I'm saying about them? We've got a written on the Feed By Five Card. On their arm. Yeah, just like momento. W. Q. A.M. They're real good. Yes sir. He returns to your garden of eating, huh? Yeah garden of eating. If you had exactly. Hey, on the thing with Paul Neill, the these are two things that with Ronald Reagan's administration, he had that tephalon that no one could penetrate. Yeah. It's true, but what did until his former treasury secretary, Donald Reagan, wrote his book. Right. And gave away the way or give away the shuddy, you know, procedures in the, in the, in the Reagan White House, where that he used to, you know, speak through meetings, things like that. And that was really the first chink in the armor. If you know what I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. Chinks in the White House. Yeah, you get more, get more, where is the lady was taken out. Yeah, exactly. Hey, one of the things also, the beast there actually grew a period today afternoon on the, yeah, he actually was talking about Moe and it was actually being honest for one. What did he say? No, he was talking about, if we said about the way that Moe had actually, you know, I told me, he had poured in the hallway and stuff like that. He was talking about the background of the, other way that he actually inspired, etc. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, he actually, well, that's good. See the beast, even though he's blown up like a goddamn bull, a bull photo, at least he wanted a few people is building up some balls. He's got a pair. You can't find them, but he's got a pair and who the whole would want to have a great day, pal. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on a AT, we had an even hundred votes on air, which is a miracle in this joint. Regardless, I'm telling you, I cannot do the show here. It doesn't work. This place doesn't work. Why, no, that? I mean, the idea that I'm going to have to every time I come here, I got to go through 35 minutes of technically embarrassment and, you know, waiting for some miracle to happen or resetting this or rebooting that and having a fixative come in here and, you know, do a airplane spin, voodoo, wichery, Jesus Christ. What an embarrassment. And this is the Greg weed school. I got from the Connecticut School of Broadcasting. He, no, no wonder we run his spots. And he fit in perfect in this place. You know what I'm saying? Oh my god. And there's name Dick. Yeah, they're figures. 106 votes regardless of which candidate you support, which contender is best articulating your views. Do you understand the question? No, see, there could be a difference. But I don't think there will be. They're all foolish from their 29. I'm starting to believe that one, except for percentage. I mean, ready, it looks like crap. You're, you're looking at me want to laugh. But he's great. He is absolutely run on target. He got my vote on this. Foolish mid 29, Clark 23, a Dean rather 23, Clark 15, Cassina Sturteam. Sharp than eight, Bush 7, Edwards 3, Carrey 3, Libreman 2, Gavhard 2, and Caramosley Braun. She's got one. It's probably bigger than one they got to. Better now. Spider-后, spider后, got set down in the spider后 and he looked really weird with long hair and beard. He was hiding just like a mole. Traco Sniff, smell the stench, you might almost think he's French. His facial hair is that so nice. Check your carefully for my audio! There goes the greater down. Yeah, but don't do it, said. So don't open wide, but he could, and find anywhere. Friends inside, hide a home, hide a home. That is where we found this trove. Ways to hand them, wickets out. Very soon he will rock and help. And last, President Bush is so bad. Because the down this scumbag, down in the spider hole. At 1046, so anyway, I saw that debate last night. Like I started to say about 45 minutes ago until we got everything working here. And how are Dean is imploding? I know that comes as bad news to you, but the fact of the matter is he is imploding. And after the, after the debate, Chris Matthews and, and what's his name? Mr. Hold. Oh, we're talking to him. And they talked to some of the other people sharpened in a few of the others. And when he asked him that, he's got all these pat answers, like on three by five cards now. And I guess because his aides are so afraid that if he speaks spontaneously, he's always going to blurt out something, you know, and then they'll make a big stimulus about it. So he just gives pat answers to everything. Like, well, you know, another year the front runner and they're all attacking, well, there's only one front runner and that's George Bush with his children 10 million dollars in campaign contributions. And the other dog here is the American public. How many times have we heard him say that? The same track responses now. What happened to the gutsy, ballsy Howard Dean? This is what happens when the handlers get ahold of these guys. And when they try to shut them up and not make any mistakes when they try to play it safe, like Green Bay did yesterday. Play it safe and you want to bluesy. I'm afraid he might turn out to be the Green Bay Packers of politics. Oh, yeah. What does that mean? That means loser. That's what it means. Loose, blowin' it, blowin' the lead. In other words, what I'm trying to say is he wishes the Iowa caucus would have been about a week ago, but it didn't happen. This is a letter. In fact, it's going to be on our website, I guarantee that cause I, uh, facts to to Eric. Project for the New American Century and the data this letter is January 26, 1998. And the letter is written to this is from P.N.A.C.2, the honorable William J. Clinton. Baba, dear Mr. President, dear Baba. We are writing you because we're convinced that current American policy toward Iraq is not succeeding and that we may soon face a threat in the Middle East more serious than a name we've known since the end of the Cold War. In Europe coming state of the Union address you have an opportunity to chart a clear and determined course for meeting this threat. We urge you to seize that opportunity and to not see it a new strategy that would secure the interest of the US and our friends and allies around the world. This strategy should aim above all at the removal of Saddam Hussein's regime from power. We stand ready to offer our full support and is difficult but necessary endeavor. Keep in mind, January 26, 1998. The policy of containment of Saddam Hussein has been steadily eroding over the past several months as recent events have demonstrated we can no longer depend on our partners in the Gulf War coalition to continue to uphold the sanctions or to punish Saddam when he blocks your VADWID inspections. Our ability to ensure that Saddam Hussein is not producing weapons of mass destruction, therefore has substantially diminished. Even if full inspections were eventually to resume which now seems highly unlikely, experience has shown that it is difficult of not impossible to monitor Iraq's chemical and biological weapons production. The lengthy period during which he inspectors will have been unable to enter many Iraqi facilities has made it even less likely they'll be able to uncover all of Saddam's secrets. As a result in the not too distant future will be unable to determine with any reasonable level of confidence whether Iraq does or does not possess such weapons. Such uncertainty will by itself have a seriously destabilizing effect on the entire Middle East. It hardly needs to be added that if Saddam does not acquire the capability to deliver weapons of mass destruction, as he is almost certain to do if we continue along with the present course, the safety of American troops in the region of our friends and allies like Israel and the moderate Arab states, and a significant portion of the world's supply of oil will all be put in hazard. As you have rightly declared, Mr. President, the security of the world in the first part of the 21st century will be determined largely by how we handled this threat, given the magnitude of the threat the current policy which depends for its success upon the steadfastness of our coalition partners and upon the cooperation of Saddam Hussein is dangerously inadequate. The only acceptable strategy is when they deliminates the possibility that Iraq will be able to use or threaten the use weapon-demonstration in the near term this means a willingness to undertake military action as diplomacy is clearly failing. In the long term it means removing Saddam Hussein as a regime from power that now needs to become the aim of American foreign policy. We urge you to articulate the same and eternal administration's attention to implementing a strategy for removing Saddam's regime from power this will require a full complement of diplomatic political and military efforts. Although we're fully aware of the dangers and difficulties in implementing this policy, we believe the dangers are failing to do so are far greater. We believe the U.S. has the authority under resisting U.N. resolution to take the necessary steps, including military steps to protect our vital interest in the Gulf. In any case, American policy cannot continue to be crippled by a misguided insistence on unanimity in the U.N. Security Council. We urge you to act decisively if you act now to end the threat of weapons and mass destruction against the U.S. or its allies, you'll be acting in the most fundamental national security interests of the country. If we accept the course of weakness and drift, we put our interest in our future at risk sincerely, Elliott Abrams, Richard Armageddon, William J. Bennett, Jeffy Bergner, uh, and a bunch of other names. William Crystal, Richard Pearl, Donald Rumsfeld, Paul Wolfowitz, uh, Jim James Wolsey, and a bunch of other lunatics. January 26, 1998, and speaking of those weapons and mass destruction, right on the heels, right on the heels of the announcement of Paul O'Neill's damning condemnations of Bush, and him letting all of this stuff out of the closet about the Iraq attack. All the Danish-inspected there are friends the Danes, Dana soldiers of Uncovered, uh, chemical weapons in Iraq, and come to find out it's a bunch of 10-year-old canisters of mustard gas that you couldn't kill or fruit fly with. Very deep underground. And they showed the pictures the other days, though, uh, they, they smith can't that pretty fast. Oh, we got it, oh, we don't got it. Well, we thought we had it. We got it. And of course, it wasn't us who wasn't the Americans that founded it was the Danes. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. Well, they planted it, but the Danes found a bunch of old mustard gas canisters leaking. About as effective as farting in a windstorm. Yeah, that would even that would be more dangerous, especially if Mo cut it. So how do you like that? So they tried to float that out there. That didn't work. Now that he is well, Paul O'Neill, it's our grapes because he got fired, and he's got no credibility anyway. We wouldn't listen to him when he was stuck in the treasury. Why would anybody listen to him now? Right. Here is that letter I just read from Peenack, the project for a new American century. There's enough evidence here in a quarter law to impeach this whole bunch, not just Bush, but this whole bunch of great robbers around him. More your liberal lies. They all had this plan out like we told you before in the late 90s. This was part of the game plan. And the thing that really I find very disturbing, along with everything else. If you read the stuff that O'Neill was saying, in those meetings he kept when he was being advised about the Saddam Hussein and about the racket tack and all of a sudden, he kept saying, well, that's great. But you've got to find me a way to do this, find me a way to do this. In other words, find a way that we can invade Iraq that will be palatable and accepted by the American public. And then along came 9-11. I'm not thinking any suggestion you understand, of course, there. But along came 9-11. How do you like that? Are you suggesting? And of course, it wasn't the Iraqis. It was our good Saudi friends who were all involved in 50 out of the 19 anyway. It was our family friends. Right. That's right. If you don't mess with family. Now report blisters, bushes handling of the terror war. A scathing new report published by the Army War College broadly criticizes the Bush of administrations handling of the war on terrorism, accusing it of taking a detour into an unnecessary war in Iraq and pursuing an unrealistic quest against terrorism. They may lead the US wars without woodstates that pose no serious threat. And let me just interject that yesterday the crazy at S. Lunatic Richard Pearl was on making the rounds on all the shows. He was on it with Wolf Blitzkrieg going on about Lebanon and about Syria and Iran. If it's up to these people, it will be a war with a whole goddamn world. Right. Sounds like WW3 to me. For fun and profit-accurate. Profit. That's profit. The report by visiting Professor Jeffrey Recker who was on the faculty of the Air War College at Maxwell Air Force Base Alabama, warns that as a result of those mistakes the Army is near the breaking point. It recommends, among other things, scaling back to scope of the global war and terrorism instead focusing on the narrow threat posed by the al-Qaeda terrorist network. What a concept. The global war on terrorism is as currently defined and waved as dangerously indiscriminate and ambitious and accordingly, its parameters should be readjusted record rights. Currently he adds, the anti-terrorism campaign is strategically unfocused, parametrocious more than can deliver in threatens to dissipate US military sources in the endless and hopeless search for absolute security. And don't forget, of course, about the man on the moon. Isn't that us? And the trip to Mars. Record of Edvin Defense Specialist author of Six Books on Military Strategy and Related Issues was an A-Deformous Senator Sam Nun when the Georgia Democrat was chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee in discussing his political background record also noted that in 1999, while on the staff of the Air War College he published, critical of the Clinton administration. And it goes on and on and on. Many of records are administered to contention that Saddam Hussein Iraq was deterred and didn't present a threat had been made before by critics of the administration. Iraq includes was a war of choice distraction from the war of necessity against Del Qaeda. But it's unusual to have such views published by the war college, the Army's premier academic institution. So now he's getting it from all sides of Bushmeister. So it's done. Not in the world liar at about that. 181 votes on a poll. Regardless of which candidate you support, which contender is best articulating your views, they're all full of Schmidt 52, Dean 40. I guess those people didn't see that debate last night, where he was seriously, he was pathetic and don't give me wrong. I like him a lot, but he was pathetic. He was in embarrassing to me. I was just a guest. A Clark 25, who said it's 24, sharpened in 14, Bush 9, carry six Edwards 5, give her three, Libre Ben II, and mostly bronze got one. She's got one. We haven't seen it yet, but she's got one. I like her. She's good. Got no chance. Why did they do it? What's the point? Because she's a woman. When she made her closing her mouth, she said that the all male fraternity, we'd like to knock down that door at the White House. She's a black woman running for president, and she's showing that she can do it. And get a couple of votes. Maybe. Yeah. All blusher hard. Well, I mean, why any of them do it? Why is do you believe her men doing it? I take a day, God. Oh, my goodness. Get out of our face already, will you? I guess nobody saw that debate last night. Thank you, local. Maybe you've played up a team. Three years old, yours. You, yeah. God. Let's do it. Today on Dr. Phil, it's Michael Jackson. My glad you're here. Thank you very much. What have you got? No, then I have to. I have to. God. God. What have you got? No, then I have to. What went wrong? I'm keeping the day with all of them. And we're calling, talking more little. Sheery, Karen, Colock, and with people on this side. I'm a colleague, I'm on this side. It's the citizen there. We're all just doing all kinds of crazy stuff. Well, that's just not right. It's very, right. Get real. You don't see what's your case or some other case we need for us? Am I missing something here? I'm sharing the things that are the people on the top. I'll believe that at all. I'm telling you that I'm as true. You want to pay some leave? You take a short break and we'll come out. He's a piece of what? That's why I thought he said, let me clock at 560 WQM happy Monday, too. How about those ball games just around? They're fantastic. Even George enjoyed the Nazi. That was pretty damn exciting stuff all week and long. How about those patriots? That's what I forgot most of their lucky. Anyway, the letter to President Clinton on a rack to one that I read from P.N.A. The project for the New American Century bought all these anneal cons. It's on a website right now. Nice going Eric right under the right under the pool. Right under that little red pink thing. It says looking for past articles, click our news archives. There it is right there. Let it a President Clinton on a rack. Anyway, the name of the book is the price of loyalty by Ron Susskine. People at surprise winner. The appall of meal revelations. And I'll say it again. It wasn't just a bunch of stuff he made up. He actually provided two Iran Susskine. Thousands of pages of documents including a stuff from transcripts of meetings. No. National security meetings. All of those things. He's pretty lucky. He says that none of these meetings ever was there any evidence of any weapons of mass destruction or any of these things. Or any of the other allegations. The lies that were made to justify the Iraqi attack. And you think that they'd really bored if I played the Leslie Stall interview with the Paul O'Neill? No. A year ago, Paul O'Neill was fired from his job as George Bush's Treasury Secretary for disagreeing too many times with the President's policy on tax cuts. Tonight, O'Neill who is known for speaking his mind talks for the first time about his two years inside the Bush administration. His story is a centerpiece of a new book being published this week about the way the Bush White House is run. Entitled the price of loyalty. The book by a former Wall Street Journal reporter draws on interviews with high-level officials who gave the author their personal accounts of meetings with the President. Their notes and documents. But the main source of the book was Paul O'Neill. Paul O'Neill says he's going public because he thinks the Bush administration has been too secretive about how decisions have been made. Contrary to how we practice politics today in this country, there is some market for the truth. Somebody's going to call it a kiss and tell book. I've come to believe that people will say damn there anything, so I'm sure somebody will say all of that and more. O'Neill who was George Bush's top economic policy official says in the book that the President did not make decisions in a methodical way. There was no free flow of ideas or open debate. At cabinet meetings, he says the President was like a blind man in a room full of deaf people. There is no discernible connection forcing top officials to act on little more than hunches about what the President might think. This is what O'Neill says happened at his first hour long one-on-one meeting with Mr. Bush. I went in with a long list of things to talk about, and I thought to engage on. And as the book says, I was surprised that it turned out me talking on the President just listening. He never asked a single question. It was mostly a monologue. President Bush was disengaged at least on domestic issues he says, and that disturbed him. This was a photograph of President Nicolette Me there. He told us that wasn't his experience when he worked as a top official under President Nixon and Ford, or the way he ran things when he was chairman of L. Co. O'Neill readily agreed to tell his story to the book's author, Ron Sussgand. O'Neill says he's taking no money for his part in the book. You interviewed how many other people? Oh, hundreds of people. How many other cabinet members? Several. Let's just say several. So word but O'Neill is the only one who spoke on the record. Didn't someone in this administration hire call him on the phone and warn him not to do this book? Yes, yes. And who was it? Don Rumsfeld. Was it a warning or a threat? I don't think so. I think it was the White House concerned, understandably, because O'Neill has spent extraordinary amounts of time with the President. They said this could really be the one moment where things are revealed. And they are. Not only did O'Neill give Sussgand his time, he gave him 19,000 internal documents. I mean, everything's there. Remember, I ended up in a president handwritten, thank you notes. A hundred page documents. Stuff that's sensitive. Stuff that's sensitive. Right. Private meetings? Yeah, in some case. High level? Yep. National Security Council. You don't get higher than that. And what happened at President Bush's very first national security council meeting is one of O'Neill's most startling revelations. In the very beginning, there was a conviction of a Saddam Hussein was a bad person and that he needed to go. He says that going after Saddam Hussein was topic A 10 days after the inauguration. Months before September 11. From the very first instance, it was about Iraq. It was about what we can do to change this regime. Everybody else thought that grew out of 9.11. No. But this book says it was day one of this administrative. Day one, these things were laid and sealed. As Treasury Secretary, O'Neill was a permanent member of the National Security Council. He says in the book, he was surprised at the meeting. The questions such as, why Saddam and why now were never asked. It's all about finding a way to do it. That was the tone of it. The President saying, go find me a way to do this. For me, I've a notion of preemption that the U.S. has the unilateral right, but to do whatever we decide to do, because it is a really huge leap. And that's not what it's first meeting. Okay. O'Neill told us the discussion of Iraq continued at the next National Security Council meeting two days later. He got briefing materials under this cover sheet. There are memos. One of them, Mark's secret, says, a plan for post-Siddam Iraq. Nation building. Absolutely. We discussed an occupation of Iraq. In January and February of 2001. Based on his interviews with O'Neill and several other officials at the meetings, Susskai writes that the planning and visioned peacekeeping troops, war crimes, tribunals, and even divying up Iraq's oil wealth. Susskai obtained this Pentagon document dated March 5, 2001, entitled, Maran Souders for Iraqi oil-feel contracts. It includes a map of potential areas for exploration. It talks about contractors around the world from 30-40 countries, and which ones have what intentions or an oil on oil in Iraq. During the campaign, Canada Bush had criticized the Clinton-Gorod Administration for being two interventions. We've got to be honest. If we don't stop extending our troops all around the world and nation building missions, then we're going to have a serious problem coming down the road. I'm going to prevent that. The President had just won a campaign about being humble and not engaging in nation building. The thing that's most surprising, I think, is how and fathically, from the very first, the administration had said, ex-staring the campaign, but from the first day, was often doing why, not just saying why, but actively moving toward the opposite of what they had said during the election. But the President had promised to cut taxes, and he did, within six months of taking office, he pushed a trillion dollars worth of tax cuts through Congress. This is significant. And this is only the beginning. But on Neil thought it should have been the end. After 9.11, and the war in Afghanistan, the budget deficit was growing. So, at a meeting with the Vice President after the midterm elections in 2002, Susskind writes that on Neil argued against a second round of tax cuts. Cheney, at this moment, shows his hand. He says, you know, Paul Reagan proved that deficits don't matter. We won the midterm elections. This is our due. We earned it. Exactly. What is on Neil think? On Neil's is speechless. It was not just about not wanting to tack out with it, it was about how to use the nation's resources to improve the condition of our society. And I thought the weight of working on social security and fundamental tax reform was a lot more important than a tax reduction. Do you think it's irresponsible? Well, it's for sure not what I would have done. On Neil accuses Vice President Dick Cheney of not being an honest broker, but with a handful of others, part of a Praetorian guard that encircled the president to block out contrary views. On Neil says, this is the way Dick likes it. Meanwhile, the White House was losing patience with On Neil. He was becoming known for a series of off-the-cuff remarks, his critics called gas. One of them sent the dollar into a no dive and required major damage control. Twice during stock market meltdowns, On Neil was not available to the president. He was out of the country one time on a trip to Africa with the Irish Rockstar Bono. Africa made an enormous splash. It was like a road show. He comes back and the president says to him, at a meeting, said, you know, they're getting quite a cold following. And it clearly was not a joke. And it was not a joke. It was. The Sasquan writes that the relationship grew more tense, and that the president took a jab at On Neil in public at an economic forum in Texas. And I'm just honored to be sitting beside one of my heroes. Oh, Neil? With that one, on Neil? The two men were never close. On Neil was not amused when Mr. Bush began calling him the big O. Oh, oh, he thought the president's habit of giving people nicknames was a form of bullying. Everything came to a head for On Neil at an November 2002 meeting at the White House of the economic team. Well, it's a huge meeting. You got Dick Cheney from the, you know, secure location on the video. Oh, the president is there. Sasquan, who was given a nearly verbatim transcript by someone who attended the meeting, says everyone expected Mr. Bush to rubber stamp the plan on the discussion of big new tax cut. But according to Sasquan, the president was perhaps having second thoughts about cutting taxes again, and was uncaracteristically engaged. Yes. How do we already give him money to rich people? The second tax cuts are going to do it again. The president himself says, but we already gave it to the rich people? Yes, he says. Why are we doing it again? Yes, why are we doing it again? Now, his advisors, they say, well, Mr. President, the upper class, they're the entrepreneurs. That's the standard response. And the president kind of doesn't okay. That's the response. And then he comes back to it again. Well, shouldn't we be given money to the middle? Won't we be able to say you did it once and then you did it twice? And what was a good for? But according to the transcript, why House political advisor Carl Roe jumped in? Carl Roe is saying to the president a kind of mantra. Stick to principle. Stick to principle. He says it over and over again. And he's saying stick and don't waver. Don't waver. In the end, the president didn't. And nine days after that meeting, in which O'Neill made a clear, he could not publicly support another tax cut. The vice president called and asked him to resign. With the deficit now, climbing toward $400 billion, O'Neill maintains he will remain in the right. But look at the economy today. And the White House say, look, we were right. No Neill was wrong. Well, in the last quarter, the growth rate was 8.2%. Wow. It was terrific. Is it because of the tax cut? I think the tax cut made a difference. But without the tax cut, we would have had 6% real growth and the prospect of dealing with Transformation of social security and fundamentally fixing the tax system and to me, those were compelling competitors for against more tax cuts. While in the book O'Neill comes off as constantly appalled at Mr. Bush, he was surprised when I told him, I found his portrait of the president, unflattering. Oh, you're really think so. You know, are you joking? No, no, no, I, you know, are you teasing me? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It really jumps out. Well, if you're. You're giving me the impression that you're just going to be stunned if they attack you for this book. And they're going to say, I predict, you know, it's solid grapes. He's getting back because he was fired. I think I will, I will be a really disappointed if they react that way because I think they'll be hard put. But you're going to hear for it. Well, I don't think I need to be because I can't imagine that I'm going to be a tax for telling the truth. Why would I be a tax for telling the truth? Right. Why would anybody be a tax return to this for my 60 minute CBS last night, Leslie Stahl? What? Who's being naive now? Right. Okay. 1115 at 5. 60 W to QM. Hey, if you're fat, Katrina, the love of Katrina's loss 15 pounds. When's last time she have done it in the scale. Okay. Don't know if she'll go runner down. Okay. Well, we'll do it this week. Anyway, if I want your news, the resolutions and probably was to lose some weight because you know, here's the answer for you. Balance for life. It's the affordable convenient weight loss and eat healthy gourmet meal delivery service. They deliver right here door that little black sack by six o'clock in the morning. Inside three hormonal balance gourmet meals, two delicious snacks even a little 60 ounce bottle of water is in there in your black sack. That's all the food you need to keep you full and happy all day long. Because it's fresh. It's the delicious. There's plenty of it. Nothing frozen. Nothing pre-fan. And don't forget you get to choose between two alternatives for every meal and snack. You're on a program. It's the only program that lets you do that. And of course, even the famous doctor, Actions is changing his tune. You really say yesterday? What? Something about getting me out of this box. That's right. In his new book, Age Defined Diet Revolution, he talks exclusively about zone based principles. And the glycemic index needing several four to six smaller meals during the day. As being the key loser that weight. Balance for life will help you do it. Even the beast was losing weight like crazy until he became a smart ass. So if you try it all the other thing you failed, and if you're sick and tired of being sick, lethargic and univergent diabetes over the edge. Call Balance for Life and Make Your New Year's Resolution and Reality finally this year. Call Him today at 9.54. 5.6.8. 32.29. 9.5.4. 36.8. 56.8.32.29. Or check Him out on the web at balanceforlife.com. Your starts here results in that scale. And just a matter of days. Here's that right number again. 9.5.4. 5.6.8.32.29. 9. 9. 9. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9. 9. 9. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 7.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9. 9. 9. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 8.5. 9. 9.5. 9. 9. 9. 9.5. 9. 9. 9. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9. 9.5. 9. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. 9.5. Coming up tonight, uninside behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. We, below the lid of one of the music industry's most shameful secrets. What really went on at C and C music factory? Oh man, it was f*** brutal. And abused assembly line employee, whom will call simply Herby, remembers the working conditions at C and C music factory. Every two f***ing seconds that f***ing horrible woman. Boys comes over the PA. I'm a hundred percent. And believe me, we were supposed to get moving or shit, and I said f***ing f***ing fat. Workers at C and C music factory. We're expected to pump out 120 beats per minute. 11 hours a day, until someone came up with a hit song. No reading pain was the shrill demanding voice which strove them on. Go, little bang! Little bang! I'll make it one time late. But Marine has deep regrets about the way the workers retreated. 4-4-4, now. But the aptly titled Gonna Make You Sweat was not the only hit that C and C music factory produced. Oh, that piece of shit. My best friend had to die to make that crappy song. Herbie recalls the day. Things that make you go hmmm was produced. Poor little Sammy. He got caught in a sampling loop on the synthesizer belt and he, oh, it was blood everywhere. He was a simple man. He just wanted to buy food and clothing for his wife and their 14 disabled children. Oh god. I hope you're happy out there. Knowing a good man died. So you could listen to a f***ing damn song. You bastard! The CNC music factory. People getting paid next to nothing to turn out a useless piece of crap. Not that different from your job really is it. It's a big juicy, shopping wed look at show business tonight. On inside the vine. 132 at 560 WCM happy Monday to a mad dog standing by him be here at 2. Oh, and remember that story we had about the Burger King thing when we were like doing the cutting in on the intercom's. Right. Police said they expected the federal communications commissioner tried to identify whoever broadcast on the same frequency as the wireless intercom at a Burger King and Tromishigan. The FCC, they got nothing better to worry about than that. About four little words in about Burger King and intercom. He's better than than us. Right. Whatever that means. Well, you know what they say. What do they say? The person broke into the trail restaurants driving order system several times, like we've most recently on Thursday. When he told customers they were too fat to eat a wapper. Other patrons were subjected to obscenities and bizarre remarks and the manager was ordered back inside while trying to look at the source of the mischief. It has stopped. Store supervisor Jennifer or whatever her name is told to Detroit Free Press. I believe the FCC is taking over the case. Police Sergeant William Avery said yesterday. I imagine they have a better way to investigate it. The FCC has radioed direction finding equipment for detecting illicit transmitters. Federal law also carries more severe penalties than state law. It would stiff find in prison time for those convicted of willful or malicious interference with radio communicators. I like that. The government in action, man. That's Michael Paul for you. What's your answer? You can't mess with our people at Burger King. Can you believe that? What to do it? I wish I thought of it. Yeah. In fact, it probably do them people of favor. You two fat teeth that moppers get out of here. Drive on. Move on out. Court necks is appeal over 9-11 detentions. The Supreme Court refused today to consider whether the government properly withheld names and other details about hundreds of foreigners detained in the weeks and months after 9-11. The high court turned down a request to review the secrecy surrounding detainees. Nearly all of them Arabs or Muslims who were picked up in the US following the attacks on the World Trade Center in the Pentagon. More than, most of the more than 700 detainees had issued in the case have since been deported. Some picked up after 9-11 were charged with crimes. Others were held as material witnesses. Only Zacharias, whose name changes every five seconds of the way they pronounce it, is a carous Zacharias Masawi, who was detained before 9-11 detents, is being prosecuted and connects with 9-11 detents and they're blowing that pretty good too. Let's hope to hold him. Watch your back, Zach. Much more important than that. Maybe Mokin can't. His ass too. Absolutely. Yeah. I think he's all right. We're all between former professional hockey player Tony Twist. Oh, yes. San Luis Blues. I remember him. And a goon. And a comistive creator who named violent mafia character after him. Twist claims the character in the spore. SBAWR spore. Okay. Comix series. Heard his image. You cost him endorsement. Oh, spawn. There's a thing for his. You know, spawn? Yes. They made a movie. Cost him endorsement. So high court rejected without comment and appeal from a sponk creator Tim McFarlane, who argued that his work was free speech. McFarlane had to seem howly would backwards including Michael Critten, creative of the TV series ER. Right. Larry David. Co-creator is sign filled. Navala Scott Tiro and Jeremiah Healy know kindergarten Glenn Healy of the Amapalies. And actor comedian Harry Scherer from the Simpsons. Harry Shara. They urged the court to use the case to clarify free speech protections for artists who routinely used the names of famous figures in their works. The character Antonio Tony Twist Twist Stelly was used not only in the Comix, but also a speech in HBO Stinoff show. And on some hockey merchandise twist told a little bit of justice. The real Tony Twist, the former NHL enforcer known for his fighting and skating, was awarded more than $24.5 million by Missouri jury. The award was overturned on appeal, but a court ordered a second trial, the case is something rather still going on. Let's see the court today also did these things. Well, let's see, is there anything important? Left understeer, the ruling that upheld a ban on so-called junk faxes. And appeals court had ruled that the government had a substantial interest in protecting the public from unwanted fax ads. The decision-up held the telephone consumer protection act of 91, which regulates telemarketing calls contains probations against junk faxes. But he heard that little squiggly asshole out there about your junk faxes? You're going to jail. They declined a review on appeal from a man found guilty of voting fraud in 1999 for voting at what address were I living at another? John Kennedy or Hera, a lawyer, claims he was single out for prosecution. He brought the trial three times for the, by the Brooklyn D.A.s office, the cases over Hera versus New York. And they passed a chance to consider a constitutional challenge to Florida's tax on paper view boxing matches. A boxing promoter argued that similar taxes in California, Georgia, or had been invalidated. The cases top rank versus the Florida State boxing commission, they said El Paso is what they said. Well, that's good news. And that good news. Well, they were too busy worrying about the, you know, they get in touch with the FCC. I don't want to pay more damage. Make sure they see who's dickened with the intercom's burger king. Just boy, I'll tell you they know they're, they know their woppers of the Supreme Court. Believe you me, just like back in 2000, the greatest wopper of all time. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. We're doing scramas. I don't see much action on there. And we got 23 minutes to kill. WQAM, hello. Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good, sir. Hey, you run off, passes this Republican. Now you're chronic. I don't want your boring. He's boring. I want to hear. I mean, Jenny agrees. So you're boring in your chronic and over and over in your voice that puts everybody into a calm and deep sleep. Okay, call her Randy Roadshow, please. Call up on those, we're going to change the world shows. I'm just here to pass a long-saving information. I will play the 60 minutes thing again in the later in a week. Good. I got it. Good. I mean, it's great. See, maybe call me crazy. You're crazy. Okay. But it seems to me that this Paul O'Neill thing, this is a bombshell. Yeah. The book will be released tomorrow, by the way. It's called the price of loyalty. The author is, what's his name? Donald Trump's Feld. No, seriously, what's his name? Oh, color. No. He's on that piece. Suskine. Yeah. Anyway, Ryan Suskine. Yeah, right now. Ryan will Suskine. And it'll be on the bookstores tomorrow. Should be the story of the century. This is somebody he released not and he interviewed also. He said many other cabinet members who wasn't just Paul O'Neill. And the other one's one of course, the anonymous. He's going to want to come public a public. Yeah, but don't you think he betrayed the president? Oh, he betrayed her. Is it really? Is it right out there for you, man? A blind man in room full of deaf people. Dick Cheney, Carl Roe, their Kong Holla shots. The P-NAC stuff, the attack on Iraq was planned. Law, and I've been telling the people that for two years now that they were get ready to do something and certainly since March we've been telling that this was already pre-ordained. Oh, no, we had to do this because he was a dangerous man. And look at those things found that French is mustard in there. And they look great. Put on on the side. Yeah. And they're putting on the side, all right. God, tragic. Just a tragedy, the fact that they're that there's, again, not not blaming them. I'm blaming them. I'm blaming them. That was a piece of... You have to head to Kenny Star, all those right wing lunatics, man. They didn't waste any time. They got their ducks in order. They had the balls to do it. It was a disgrace. It was a waste of money in time. But they did it. Democrats are sitting back. Well, you're not as much for dark folks in the Spices I am. Well, I'm all the other crap. All the infighting instead of putting the attack were belongs. And seeing who's doing the best job of that and articulating it the best. Should be one of the big stories of the year. Maybe of the last 10 years. It's right there, the Iraq attack and the worst part of it is, well, I got to that. Rotate down. Push the end. Go find me a way to do this. Yeah. Go find some way to make this happen. Give it a shot of Hussein to throw them out over and throw the thing. And of course, they'll get all our ducks in the row for the oil over there. Go find me a way to do this. And make it palatable off to the public for a long with it. Those are those old, new, liberal lies. Yeah, right. Right. Good old Republican Paul O'Neill and Kevin Phillips and Papu Cannon. And the list goes on. So it's all right, therefore it's like they're putting the billboards all over America. Just take a look at it. Okay. And it's true. Just take a look at it and absorb it. Suck it in and hold it. Twenty-two of the man dogs coming along. A two talk about more important stuff like ball games had a lot of good ones over the weekend. Man, it was just gut-wrenching. It was incredible. Just one after another, Papu and game just took about five years off my life. Wow. And I was pulling for Kansas City yesterday because I figured at least that way, Trent Green. And Tommy Brady, at least that way if it's Kansas City in the Patriots in the Super Bowl, I can't do that. I feel like an ESC championship, I meant. At least then you got two great looking quarterbacks. Isn't that what it's all about? And Joe Nameeth says, 19 till 2 a Q and a listen, you might be doing that too after you that the AMOCO. I haven't a few bellches because you'll be so full man, but you'll be happy because you can't beat the AMOCO's with a stick. They can accommodate all kinds of groups for you to take the whole gang from the office. Start your mouthwatering experience at the AMOCO's with six different soups and sampled dozens of delicious amazing countries like New York, Stip, May the Order and their sizzling Asian grill along with a great seafood-sane shock. Name to course after the great late gold tender, Jacques Plant first going to wear a mask. Enjoy oysters on a half-shell every night and there's lots more like the less-can-stone crap. Middle-neck clams, Dumbo, shrimp, scampy, and now for the first time ever mean lobster on a weekends at the AMOCO's. Shuffle a little that heart-hand car primaryman, their new, uh, time-special, these two. And you'll never walk out of there like I always tell you with a pounding headache from MSG because they'll use any. No MSG, no cornstarch, no crap they cook all-er-fine cuisine, only with cholesterol free-orles. There's a full-sandered bar, new sushi bar, fresh shrimp cocktail, and if by some miracle or maybe you're just a big fat tub, you have room at the end of the meal, there's a full dessert station too with delgine waffles. Pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream, and all your favorite toppings, even fresh fruit. Three locations for the AMOCO's that were in sunrise, Pine Island, a 44th Street. They're on Collins Avenue just next to, uh, north of 163rd north-ymie Beach. Also with the intersection of the mango and pembroke roads in pembroke pines. So take the gossamish bach, even if you don't know what that means, or the whole office is for your next business lunch, and for the AMOCO's and a lot of our friends over there do the cooking for you. Take out and delivery always available, too, call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. A lot of other Chinese buffet's pop up, but they're not even in the same league, with the AMOCO's did be the bestest anywhere. 5-6-5-6-3-8-18. She was the best. This is television at its best. What is the message there? The message is that there are no loans. There are things we know that we know. There are no unknowns. That is to say, there are things that we know know. We don't know. Strong, bewildering words. But there are also unknown unknowns. There are things we do not know. We don't know. It makes sense for me. Do you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth? I'm just talking. It's Bob Rogers' words. This has been a presentation of ABC News. You talking to me? Yeah. Oh, 145. Well, it's like this. 145 at 5. 16, WQ and the Mad Dog was just in and he said, oh, right. He's all whipped up with these ball games. No pressure. No pressure, because it often the season is over. Let's find out if we can fire a day of a Wednesday, 2-0-8-8-8. Yeah, that is a supposed to be name in the GM. They're bringing in somebody. I think it's a warning from Marty. Yeah. They figured out he knew nothing about baseball. Let's see if he knows anything about football. I don't give me the ball. Give me the ball. Give me that powder. It's time to take a powder. Cashmere bouquet is what is it? What were you just saying? The transcript of that 60-minute piece is on the website. And here it go. Paul O'Neill was fired from his job as Jordan Bush's Treasury Secretary. I mean, that one. I think he's a man of working on getting the audio leak going through this. Nice, Gordon. You're the best, baby. I'm telling you. He is so good. I don't know what you said or did to him. Nothing. Oh, get out. Where you, man. I think when Bonerbore was here, that created a rift. Not to mention, of course, the two years before Bonerbore came in and when he didn't do anything. I mean, sorry. Well, no, he's making up for lost time. Although he did, we did have a little, because I facked him that pole and I thought you forgot to fack some Friday. So I called him to alert him to it. And he said, you know, those 85 bedtime stories could you. Maybe cut it down a little bit. I was getting a little carried away. No, seriously, because I had a couple days in a row and he said it took him like a couple hours. And he'd like to get, you know, on the treadmill or exercise bike and I thought, well, I'm, I'm certainly not going to take time away from that. You really believe he's on the treadmill or exercise? No. He didn't see in the second time he came down. You'll be ever saw him. Well, we lose some weight. We've had time. He lost like 60 pounds between the two of these. How do you know when he looks like now? When's the last time you see him? I just mean all work for him. And that's like the beast. In the other way, he could weigh anywhere between like 180 and 480. It's a floating weight. Yeah, like the beast. Oh, if this crowd, no, seriously, it looks like a human beach ball with lights. A human beach ball with little tiny legs. I like a beach ball. Like a shovel. He is a schmoo. Forget about your poloke. If you want to see the real schmoo, see the beast. Check them out. 663 votes any too bad considering this requires like an IQ larger than your thumbnail. I would assume that you put a option on there for them. Oh, yeah. Regardless of which candidate you support, which contender is vest articulating your views. That's a little bit artsy, fancy that we usually usually have like a bunch of crap on there. But we're trying to like appeal the way much higher into like that way. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. We like the blue of the crowd. 669 votes their off-elish mid-208. I don't mind that choice because I can see that. Howard Dean, 112, and spite of his grotesque performance in yesterday's Brown and Black debate. I can blue debate Dennis Cassinu's moved into a nice second place. He's moving up later with 93. Are you ready for that? I'm telling you, man. He's great. I have I have no reason to say that. In fact, before all the debates started, I wouldn't have given you. I mean, I like a few of the things he said. I know he was against the war in that's great. But it wasn't the one shot deal. A lot of words. It's not like, well, he got in a good line one time. Right. He's consistently great. He's got a great sense of humor. Sure. Well, if you look like that. Cassinu's 93, Wesley Clark's 79, Bush 57.4%. The Bush might be doing too good. Thank God. Sharpton 38, Edwards 28. Uh, carry 16, leave her in 10. For the old Jew, leave her in. Mostly brawn eight and dick abhard. He's been pulled up behind and all day long. Old dick. Seven. It's just been sucking. He's been sucking wind all day. Dick. 11 before two at five 60 WQAM. That mad dog, man, he is too much. You know what I'm saying? I'll be along at two o'clock. He's in fine form. Make no mistake about it. And I'm sure he gave my Patriots a lot of credit. I'm like somebody else that we all know. I want to get absolutely him. Yeah, always those. There's still, I still say there's a lot of luck in all the right bounces. Yeah, you only wish to Tom Brady's balls with bounce and hit you in a chin. Well, that's what you want. How the guilty turned you down. WQAM. Hello, you? Yes, sir. I wanted to talk to you. I think the guy was talking about that. I gave, I'm a pool of place for Colorado. Lockies, I was the hockey question. He was talking about Reverend Jones. WQAM, hello. Uncle Nail. Yes, sir. Yeah, man. If you, I don't know. I'm sure you've done this already. But if you go under the P-NACs website, yes. Do a Google search and go on them. Yeah, they got this map of the world where you can click on it. The window to see all their writings and projects over the last. All the way back to like 97. Right. If you go to around September 11, 2001, there's a lot of chatter. If you know what I mean. Yeah, I know you don't like Bill Mar, but he had a great, uh, comment. I'm not only going to like, but just like Bill Mar, I can't stand by despising him. Well, he had a funny comment about Joe Lieberman. Yeah. Do Lieberman seems to think that president Bush had make a great president if he was only Jewish. That's not bad. That was bad. It was on the dead man in the morning show. I was catching a snippet of that. Oh, I got you're the one that's watching it. I'm like a habit of a man. Well, it's because you're off to it. You're off a whammy with wish we could get you back on. No thanks. See you. Our loud man. Our loud. That's where we want to be. Are they still spitting English on whammy? No. For some one in where whammy. They weren't either. Our loud bill. Tash. It's not Tash. Tech. That's it. Yeah. Easy. It rhymes with Drek. Tech and Todd Drek. No. Same place. No. Same guy right away. Harry. I think we're supposed to be the best. You a yeah. Sock it in and hold it. The Middle Eastern world. We'll be exploded to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold him. First time a griscer nation and they only won that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea. The Newstead Ocean and the right queen is feeling it over and over it to our head. That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction. 3,000 people killed. Our now forgotten left exploitum in stead. Hey, there's oil to be caught. Going after some time too. Plank Kdo's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in law. But no it seems concerned all. I'm being complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel in administration. That controls us by fear through the Indian manipulation and the right queen is feeling it over and over and to our heads. That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now. Not the ice-cropped is saying I have nothing to hide. Table talkers all are saying I don't be any cattle don't have any reservations. Out of provoke, faddle and swirl the annihilation. Older she must fall and have a virgin in stone with no objection at all. Till the crap don't have the fall and the right queen is really getting over and over and to our parade waspets. Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction. There's no one we'd be lucky. The mass destruction. I'm not going to my own muskrat baby it's a beauty. Don't you think that's me? I don't know if I have it on right but he's got no. I think you might have to be fitted. Oh yeah. It's your field fashion company up there. I might just get my head shaving just where the old muskrat. Do the muskrat rambles. Coonskin cat from Carolina. Oh really sure. From cool. The real with the head still on it. I'll be like 80 bucks. Huh for a real one. I hear they like those in Mississippi. 560560. Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Well you know what Rick weaver used to say it's a treat to beat your feet. Something like that. WQAM hello. Yeah Neil. Yes sir. Hey. Yes. Did you hear what he did last week? What's that? He was on National Public Radio and held up a pie chart and the moderators said sir were on radio. Right. Not good. I mean that's his one blunder. Oh that all the time. Look at this. So anyway but to have a good day. Well I think this was at least a punky pie. See. 5601 did I say he was perfect? No. Maybe he was trying to deflect attention from the hairpiece from the panel. You think that might have been that could be it. Because when you see like I'm sitting here with his muskhead on my head. Right. And you're afraid that everybody's going to like be looking at it. You know. So maybe he held up the chart so they would like kind of look away. I hear he mooned him to his matter effect. Just anything to get the retention off the top of his head. 560560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WQAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. You man. How are you? Yeah. He's a fallen bad. You said he's got great ideas. He speaks well but man I had never seen him before. Yes. I sure they cut him on the camera. I thought I was sorry that I live. Okay sir. Are we getting somebody? What can I say? And by the way I'm holding up some pie right now. Can you see it? I see it. Still a bit like hair pie to me. Fuck. Why? Since I'm in 95. We can get to 500 before we finish. I mean 700. Whatever it is. Yeah. We can get to 300. We can get done. You think I should like re do it? Whatever. Huh? Let me do it. Oh we got a few seconds here. We could steal a couple of seconds. In fact, the mad dog he don't mind. Do you know that he's actually counted the number of shows that he does a year. He puts me to shame. He is unbelievable. He told me he has 200 and 12 shows here. I say you just make him that up. No he's got it done. He's got it. Yeah but his shows are really long. Man, oh man, can you imagine how much he's get paid by the minute? About 30 minutes. Oh 701 piece of cake. No problem. Okay mad dog is next to Humper. The load for this afternoon. Bye bye bye. You're the weather show. I'm five six. Don't you swear. You might own four large hands. That's all. That's all.