Why the U-BRAZEDED? Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their Bible versus better? Well, I have the answer to your prayers. From the makers of U-Sync, my martyr comes again the whole family can enjoy. Crucifixion! Crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible. And it's easy to play. First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible, and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it. But be careful. If you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus doll gets nailed. I'll take a guess. How about a kid? No, sorry Billy. I'm sorry to you, but... After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses. But don't worry, in three days, you can play again. So run down to your local Crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion. Why not play tonight? Come to the small Jesus doll nails in a tiny spear, fake blood wouldn't cross and hammer not included. Crucifixion, a product of Trinity Brothers! Jesus Christ! 10-01-5-60, W.C. Jesus Christ is a reddit big-time nom, and it's all everybody's talking about either one of the two or three things. Jesus Christ, one is a Colorado Coach Gary Barnett, the a rape book coach and Colorado. Yeah, what do you have to have? They have training, a weight coaches and their rape coaches? Oh, there is again. I really do, and that's why I said I... Yeah, good loss here. You're done. You're out. Say goodbye. And then of course, there if they're not talking about Colorado, you and all the rapists there and the athletic subculture, which are love are always in. Oh yeah, the subletting was not culture. Subhumanists, right? If they're not talking about that, they're talking about Jesus Christ. Right. It's even more is talking about it. So it's a pretty heavy duty. Anyway here's the, we have over 10,000 votes on our hot couples' contest. Oh, right. And at 155 to 10,000, that'll be F&ETO. And the top three couples were when surprised for a couple of wins. One of those two trips, whichever one they choose. Either hedonism and Jamaica three night vacation, all inclusive, all meals and beverages, except the airfare and personal expenses, or two night vacation for two at the Royal Oasis resort in Casino. Only includes airfare to Grandma Island. You pay for the rest and all your office supplies too. And the third place, so winner gets a dinner for two at the pizza love and you can watch the members eat for free. And have your own fine meals. Over 10,000 votes. I don't think I want to like talk about the numbers yet, do I? But who's got what? What numbers we talking about? On the contest. Oh, yeah, no. Well, no, it looks like the top, I don't want to say it. Because if I say anything, it'll be a huge amount. You know, you shouldn't say that. Well, wait till 155, and then we'll run it down. Well, who wins? And thanks to everybody who sent the pictures. I'll be doing it again twice more. Don't forget, since group ball is there. What was that guy's name, Larry something that called us that day and said that he emailed the thing to Miguel is picture. And everybody on the contest, somebody. They'll make sure to get into the second. We'll make sure we get them on the next one. Otherwise, Miguel will be crucified right in front of the QM studio. Okay, hell of a movie. Maybe even a mini series. And I know he's going to go see that movie. If there's anybody in that building, it's going to go see the Jesus Christ your movie. It's going to be Miguel. Why do you think that about Miguel? He'll go. What'd you go? Actually, yeah. I told you that I know it or what. And Castro even mentioned it. I'm pretty proud. All the Jesus does have a beard. That looks a little like a down Jesus Christ. Talk about him in Aramaic. I see him. Can I? Infidel. That's what I said. 1839 votes on our poll yesterday. What's your take on a religious right? Who are really? You people out there in radio land. You haven't got any idea of what's coming. Thanks to the bush, myster, and Michael Powell, all this stuff. It's only just begun. And the excuse, of course, is the little flap of the Super Bowl. That was just the opening they needed. Just exactly what they were looking for. I'd like come down with the hammer. Hey, stupid. Oh, it's big and a hammer. Tom Jick has got a cute little thing coming up Sunday. See, not only do I have the local papers, even though I'm just in a way. But here's Sunday's the question of answers from the TV book in a Sun Sentinel, which is always the highlight for me. Because once in a while, somebody in the business gets mentioned, even once in a while, us. Here's a question at Tom Jick. My grandson said there's a movie titled The Hebrew Hammer on TV is this true and much channel is it on. Our M. West Palm Beach. Here's Tom Jick's answer. I always thought Hank Goldberg of W.Q.A.M. and ESPN was the Hebrew Hammer. But the Hebrew Hammer movie isn't a bio. It's not his bio. It's a farce of a flick that aired on Comedy Central, but an Orthodox Jewish young man Adam Goldberg who vannels to keep an evil and posture sadder from doing away with Hanukkah as he did Christmas. It's unlikely to be repeated until the holidays season next year. So it's a little Tommy. Hank Goldberg, the Hebrew Hammer. Hey, stupid. I like that. Maybe we can start the in-knick name of the Hebrew Hammer. Is that it? Yeah. It's kind of cute. It's going to be Tommy. Tommy's kinder like doing in the human race again, Lavy. I know what happened to him. He got religion. Different kind. 1839 votes. What's your take on a religious right? We asked yesterday. What's your take on? Jesus Christ. They're nothing but hate mongers. Hate mongerie morons. 589. Almost a third of this audience said that. You perked. The whole religion thing is a big racket. 503. I don't mind if they would just leave me alone. 266. They're full of Shiite. 156. They gave their brains away to Faker as 119. I'm one of them praise God 110. 5.9% of this audience. Bible Thump and right wing of Wackos and more power to you. And the biggest perverts of all. And of course we know that's true. 96.52% of nearly 2,000 votes. Here's today's poll. Gotta be timely man. I know we've done this before, but I think since the names are expanding on us list all the time. We can never do this too often. The special thing when you talk about the athletic subculture. What a joke. Yeah, it's a subculture. Man, they like, you know, knocking women up and beating the crap out of men, raping them and doing these things. And of course sitting around in the slattings, other runny ass with towels or with their hand. And just doing these things. Who do you think is the biggest sports scumbag of all times? Our poll question today. See now every time I start saying something, I'm going to think about it a second time. I'm not going to say it every single time. No, no, I read it. I read it because I had a good line for that, but I'm not going to. And just as many people will listen, we have to clean up our act. I want the audience to understand that it wasn't just now, Carmas and Infinity, or they, I'll put out their endonver. Every radio company in America that's got like more than $10. They're like putting the hammer down. They keep your hammer. They're putting it right down. That will tell you because they don't want to get hot. It's a heavy hammer. You got to put it in the heavy hammer. And you don't want to hold it forever. Plus it's expensive and probably cost at least 30, 40 bucks. How many? About 30 men. Who do you think is the biggest sports come back of all time? And I got a list for you so far. And you can add to this. I'm sure. But I think we got the pretty good ones. Almost let OJ off a here. That was, how could I do that? Am I dumb or what? Colorado Coach Gary Barnett, who's never made the list before, but I'm sure of good lot of votes because it's the hype. You know, he's in the media all over the place now. It's all they're talking about is Gary Barnett and Jesus Christ in the same Brent. Woody Hayes, José Consoco, Cecil Collins, Pete Rose, Daryl Strawberry, Mike Tyson, Jason Williams, Hey Jason, how's it going? Kobe Bryant, Bobby Knight, George Steinbrenner, H.Y. and H.Y. Zinga or OJ Simpson. What a magnificent list of scumbags. In it? Yes. And that's my own ad doing right there. It's my own old C2-4-6-8-10-12- Lucky 13. So there's the list to get us started today. I guess I will take a peek before we do anything else at that hot couple's contest. Okay. No, no, I don't think that. Huh? You can peek at it. No, I just want to see who the contenders are right now. Jesse and Jeffrey, who tried last year, didn't make it. They have 2644, they're in first place. Carmen and Carlos, 2189, are in second. Monica and Brian 2018, so the battle for a second is still very much up in a program. And Sarah and Sean, who are off to Big Start, their 4th, 1965, and then it's way back to Jiselle and Rick 245. And unfortunately, everybody else is way behind that. So those are the top three, or like, or four, whatever I said, or in the running. I'm just pan said along anyway, these six-drape allegations at the scourry university has got everybody up in arms, of course, because it has nothing to do with Jesus Christ, but nevertheless. Boulder Colorado Police released records yesterday from 2002 of another woman who claims she was raped by a university Colorado football player. Bring the number of rape allegations to six against players. It's part of the athletic subculture. You do understand that. I do. The beating, the abusing, the meaning of women, boozing up big, drugs, steroids, all of these things. The allegation comes that after Coach Gary Barnett was suspended from the poor end, of course, strippers and booze for the recruits. And why not? There's a bunch of schools trying to woo you. If anybody out there ever go to woo you to come to their school and have a great time and be a real superstar jack. If you try to get into jack, why not? Have strippers and booze. That would certainly be a great end to do this with any 17-18-year-old kid who would seem to me. I could be wrong, but you're not. And even if, well, anyway, the allegation comes at an ad. See, everything that I say. Everything. Everything. I think about a second time, a third time, or fourth time, before we even do it hard too much. In fact, we now have a new quota. We can only play eight parts per hour. We only play SBDs for fun. The good part of it is, see, I can play them all at once. The bodily function. Here's another one. Just sneak it out. The allegation comes that after Coach Gary Barnett was suspended from the program for comments relating to another female player where Lidges she was raped of it. University president Elizabeth Hoffman, on play went did that Barnett was placed on pay to administratively because of his disparaging remarks about the university's only female play skicker Katie Nita. Hoffman said in the context of the rape allegations, it's inappropriate to make statements about the ability of the player. No kidding. They keep showing that statement he made the other day was just mind-boggling. I mean, she really was awful. She just was terrible. But that's not what a rapist said. They liked it. They thought she was pretty sure. Of course, she might have been experienced by the time they got to her. And we're getting back to this other charge. According to police records from September 29, 2001, the woman claimed to football player Rapeford and a parma de spider telling at least 10 times. She didn't want to have sex with at least 10 times, maybe even. Not third man. The CEO program has been on the scrutiny for weeks after the position of surface that three women claimed they were raped at or just after a sex party in Boulder in December 2001. Nita, a CEO of Playskirker 1999, told sports illustrated this week that she was raped in it by a teammate that she was verbally abused, harassed and molested by her fellow players. Remember at what was the military school where they had the female academy, which one was the, uh, the, uh, the command man. The cadets. Fortress, the something. Fortress, the citadel, come on. Citadel, very good. Fortress, the little word of association there. The citadel. And now at least they didn't rape any of them, probably because they were extraordinarily ugly. That's a bad thing to say, but it's probably true. They were probably rape any child or the dog. Oh, no doubt about that. There's a lot of that goes on, especially those seamen out on the anaving. Oh, see, I said that either. Well, I, I, I, I, let me ask this. Do we also now have to spell out some of these words because I was talking about the best. A, M, E, N. We call the, you know what we call the a naval recruits. Any of your peri at double enthongraise. Okay. That's correct. I got to really, we got to clean it up. Get the lava. Get the, a coast. Mm-hmm. In fact, even on the coast, they're going to have to clean up those liners that they're reading. Because America's coming to a whole new challenge after baby. We're chilling. I got this term. I picked everybody up on a 70 roll. Just like, now, what was it the other company, the Denver based one, and said, oh, yeah, yeah, that's right. And the thing I read yesterday about imagine that everybody who's listening was like, had, uh, was like a 70 roll child. Mm-hmm. Right. And of course, in this audience, somebody, somebody else has a boy. And Christian, seven year old child. Right. So be very careful in what you say and the way you say it and the double enthons and single enthons. And the words and the sex and ex-citoriactivity, all of these things, huh? Because it's just, it's tragic. This is what you got with Bush and I keep trying to tell you people that the fundamentals to take in a country over. And you think it's just a joke. It's the truth. America's been taken over by a bunch of, uh, wing nuts, right wing, religious board again, Bible thumping nut cases. That's cute, right wing nuts. That's correct. Now, I said, nuts, of course, I was talking about nuts as in crazy, not nuts as in nut and honey stuff like that. And certainly not nuts as in. 1013 is five, 60 WQM. In fact, the whole thing is going to make us all little nuts before we're through. I'm sure that. But it'll give the middle of a management something to do. And the upper level management, he can, you know, kind of walk around a hall with his ear to the war. Ehh. Like that. Making sure who's naughty and nice. Ehh. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me that Maddie Bell would qualify to be the QAM, uh, filth police, right? Right. Since he really did a good job about, what was the three summers ago? Right. And then, you know, I'm just going to tell you what you're doing. I'm just going to tell you what you're doing. I'm just going to tell you what you were talking about when he was all upset about. Hey, don't go quote me. Even Dwight Latterdale played that bit on Channel 10 News where they mentioned eating. And so if it's good enough for Channel 10 News, I think it's good enough for QAM. Am I right? Oh, I'm sorry. Hey, if you're looking for something to do exciting get out of the house and go and get a little breathtaking experience and jump up in the Ellen Sheer at Pompo Park and poker. See, again, very cautious when you say poker. Easy, does it? Cheer for your horse. Cheer for your horse from the railer into a fine dining at the top of the park restaurant as you watch the only nighttime horse racing in Florida and plung your guts out. If playing poker is your game, the match your skills of Pompo Park's fabulous card room. Live racing and poker is going on five days a week including today. Every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Live racing starts nightly at 705 like tonight and the poker room is open new to midnight. Every live racing day like today. Coming up tonight is the second mountain of the $125,000 Maclo bell trotting series and Saturday is the second mountain of the $250,000 Alica Pre-Pacing series plus W3 prize drawing tomorrow as well. Even if you don't know Charlie Farber from B Farber, you'll still have a great time if you don't know Donnie Brayner from Michelle Brayner, same person by the way, at least they sit the same way in a bike out the middle of the track. Located just a half a mile from both I and I and I, five in the Florida turn bike, Pompo Park is easy to get to invest of all the give you a free admission and free general parking everyday. Don't forget the great food on the Sifflore dining room at the top of the park restaurant. Call Pompo Park for more info in the new racing schedule at 9.54972-2000 or go to their website at pompto park.com. Don't forget the poker room opens at noon today and live racing tonight 705 p.m. This is CBS. The second one is the first one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one. The second one. The second one is the first one. The second one is the second one. I'll give something for Boca Brian to do while it's counting his money. Have we do that with little weepie on the board? We can't say that. I got lots of time to count his money. As a matter of fact, I want to look on this list of words. See, the FCC has made damn sure that we're going to say. Yes, that's one of them. So we won't be saying that again. I see. Here's a fact that says, Dan, there are some nasty, as looking couples on that page. Well, that's so your opinion, okay? It says kind of gives you a demographic view of your audience. Doesn't it in the answer that is no, there's some nice looking couples on there as well. There's the good, the old, the young and everything in between. I don't know what that's supposed to be. PS nice nips and sure installing. This fact is obviously never met a lot of the people are listing audience that we have. And yes, we have some very bizarre people out there too, but then again, that's how Florida. PSS, the Michael Powell pictures the most disgusting I've ever posted on your site. My gag reflex kicks in on viewing and we're delighted you're enjoying it. Also how can we very Louis Soffierless? Well, we just put them on here. Didn't we? Yes, we did. Good. And you're right, OJ, it's a name good thing we did remember that. A darn good thing. It's a very good thing. It's an excellent thing that I remember that or that you did reminded me. OJ Stimson, 29, the biggest sports come back of all time. Wayne Heizinger, who never even wears a Jack seven, Colorado Coach Gary Barnett. You see, if you're in the news, the hype gets you a lot of votes for Mike Tyson and it's small potatoes from there on the first whatever we got. 50 votes. 59. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, on the 18 and 10, Verizon Wireless Line. Join Joe and Mark today from noon to two with the Verizon Wireless Boy, they're a busy beavers man are getting around. Oh, they're busy guys. Right. Located inside wireless for wireless for you at 136 73 Southwest 26 Meet Miami. Wireless for you at 136 73 Southwest 26 meet Miami. Stop out of wind t-shirts and heat tickets and George from our morning will be. Oh, now this is this is too much Miguel. You're a jackass. I think he's a crazy person. Wow, crazy person. That's what I thought you said. Now this is just too much with George tomorrow morning, 10 to noon at Bass Prowatt. Let's look right up on 95 Griffin Road. Stop out of wind Bass Pro gift cards and other prizes. And then Joe Costello tomorrow afternoon from noon to two at the Firestone tire located at 110 Northeast 8th Street in homestead. They'll have a race car simulator and a stimulator plus when the usual. Very low budget crap prizes we have here to give away a Q amp because we just don't have any cash. The bees these are to busy spending it and so is Greg on those very expensive Impressive suits. 560 505 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line WQA and hello. Our very first call on a Friday this could set the tone. Q amp. Online one they didn't even get disconnected. Do they're the radios up in the background? One last time. One is not just one is the one is the one. When you start this yes. What about? We'll be in. We'll be in. Let's go. Let's get with it. Come on. Listen to the movie that's coming out the next little while. You were talking about the rabbi and the ministers. We're going to take all their kids to see this. You know. They're slow deaths of palpid nails and this is that. And here I'm thinking these people are going to watch somebody get hacked to them. Jesus Christ. Exactly. Jesus Christ. You know what? They're going to all send their kids to a trauma. But you know what? For God's sake don't show them a breast. Right. I was watching. I was watching that. For God's sake I think that was a sublittle slip on your property. I think that's a good point. You know what? I was watching TV two weeks ago on a Saturday and I had my five year old. He was just sort of getting out of the room. And all of a sudden there was something on the discovery or the history. And they were sitting on the bombing on the terrorist. He didn't Israel, you know. And they showed the people to go around the pickup all the body parts. And he wasn't in the room where I wouldn't have had it on. And then he came in and I was doing something else. And there was a leg of this guy and they explained how they knew it was the guy who went to the bomb and he showed himself up on a bus. And my little guy sees this leg and it's not going to worry. It's all your movie props, you know. Jesus Christ. Amen. You know. But it's unbelievable that they can show that stuff. It's five o'clock in the evening after dinner on a Saturday. Right. And nobody gets upset about that. You don't even talk about it for rific and. Yeah. And you can take those fundamentalist and all the Jews in West Palm Beach of Oterford, Buchanan. I'm here for a month. I believe one at the end of the off. You know what? If you can't put it, push can't believe the intelligence that he's getting. Then he shouldn't. He shouldn't make his decisions are a shooting. Well, when you say Bush and intelligence in the same sentence. That's it. They're not going to know. They're not going to get you. They're not going to get you. You're holding nails for 69. This week. Jesus Christ. We have a 7.0. 15. Of course, thank goodness that nobody else is exploiting this situation. It's just a coincidence that CNN is showing the Jesus story. The mirror, whatever it is, called this weekend. I think it's Sunday Saturday Sunday, whatever it is. And the fact that we got s Wednesday coming up next Wednesday in the movie is just coincidentally being released on s Wednesday. And all these stories about Mel Gibson's father, which we talked about yesterday and all these outrageous anti-Semitic comments. And. And now they're saying that Mel Gibson's going to make 25 million bucks clear profit on the movie. And I'm going to say as you refer to the donkey, are you? Just leave it long. Okay. And the donkey's asked to 25 million dollar profit. To which I say Jesus Christ. So all the height that's going on now. I'm sure that it isn't. It's only because they want to convert the the non-believers. And they want to reinforce the believers beliefs and give them something very entertaining and enjoyable seeing all the nails being driven into the Jesus's hands. Jesus Christ and all the whipping and thrashing and blood and guts in the crap. It's just it is so sick and so pathetic. But like the guy said, and he's right on target, the fact that for about a second and a half millions of people, at least the ones who are watching, which is probably very small number. Really when you come right down to it, because nobody watches half time. They go to the toilet, they go get some beer, they go do something. But however many million people are watching, of course, if they didn't see it then they saw 50 million more times. First of all, our website where we have a nice picture assurance down today. Much better than the estates. If you ask me much more provocative, yesterday's was tasteful today's is tasteless. So we give you something very everybody. But the fact that they saw that and that has led to this is so unbelievable. And a publicist, I still think most people are sitting back. They're all little and they're all world, no questions. And they just, they don't seem to understand what's going on around them. I'm going to read this again. Very short story. I read it twice before I'm going to read it every day I think. This was from February 12th, LA Times, frustrated by the profanity and nudity on television that they would Janet Jackson just in Tinkerbell's sexy Super Bowl dance. Angry lawmakers wins, they're meaning a two weeks ago. Raise the prospect of expanding the fight against indescribians on television to cable networks for the first time. In separate simultaneous hearings, members of the House representatives and Sen. members of the FCC and the president of CBS Viacom, that the fines could just be the beginning of a new crackdown on profanity and indescribians on US airwaves. Most immediately, they appear headed toward passing legislatively, never increased tenfold to find on TV and radio broadcasters who violate FCC decency rules to a maximum of 275 grand per violation. A House committee's expected, well, this is already gone on. Lawmakers including Republicans usually wear a government regulation, in other words, hypocrites raise the possibility of getting even tougher, such as passing three strikes in Iraqi air law that would revoke the FCC license of repeat offenders. Reformers who focus on network television are missing 85% of the story because 85% of Americans now get their TV program from a cable and satellite said the Uffsis FCC chairman Michael of the gigantic Powell's. Senator John McCain, Republican Arizona, favored a suggestion by the consumer's union that Congress required cable and satellite operators to offer all a card programming which people pick and pay only for the channels they want. God forbid, you should get a channel like MTV, uh, sneak it in. I don't want your kids to be seen all that perversion, and of course, toxic with Brittany all that other stuff, all that body parts. Congress would have to change rules governing the FCC before the commissioner expanded oversight of cable TV because cable is a subscription service that doesn't use the public airways that historically has been out of the FCC's jurisdiction but in the aftermath of the Super Bowl halftime show which is now a convenient excuse. Congress may be willing to give the FCC greater authority over cable, which all we can say that is. Oh my God. And local, we are sports video 560's UAM. Um, I urge everyone to complain to the station. Freedom's there. Freedom's there. Let's be free of it. Freedom's there. Freedom's there. Freedom's there. Freedom's there. Freedom's there. Freedom's there. Freedom's there. Freedom's there. We are the Everything Trung clear. We are the Mother's Mother's Сters, to give the freedom and to spread to the Freedom's Feet. the 32 at five 60 freedom is dead as a door nail could like to and the bomb chronic new Hampshire Factsus says two scumbags for the pool Steve how and Michael Irvin two excellent choices See we got him on there got him carry or candid in 2000 and Folk's his Bob want to see at the border bomb I got a great idea To raise a lot of money for abandoned per rescue this year What we're gonna do is compile a CD of all those bits that are gonna be summarily You won't hear him no more in fact the one we just played I apologize profusely because I had no idea that the P word was in there toward the end, but that mean it's not a big deal But We're gonna have to go through this DCS and they're gonna be have to be a whole I dozens and dozens of bits that you're never gonna hear no more I'll give you an example. Shall I give you some examples? Okay sofa King right well hear that no more So what we can do it even though some of these of course have appeared on some of the CDs in the past we can make a compilation Right all the stuff that certainly is And we can put a big picture of Michael Palados boobs on the cover. Be good default beating tracks Right before bitten tracks that you can cherish and have forever Then you won't have to be bitch in about it and of course once we give it on CD It'll be on you know people be stealing all over the place. Might be a few people will donate and pay for it But a lot of people steal it but at least I'll have it see right don't say that word anymore either they won't have to complain about it What do you mean by that as opposed to that be word that you used seven year old children shouldn't be seven year old born again Children shouldn't be here that be word that you use what was the be word? I'm not gonna say it bitch. Oh bitch. Yeah. Oh, no you can say bitch. Okay Today I'll say it a lot today bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch. Okay, so I'm fucking like South Park Now what was I say before you so really interrupted me all about going through here and finding a whole bunch of stuff That we won't be able to play no more because you know just like I mean here it is 2004 People are starving all over the world we got people in America who can't have enough money to buy the prescription drugs You're paid their rent so they have to alternate for one month or the other we have You American kids dying based on lies in Iraq we have thousands of Iraqis where I did on a war based on lies because of an illegal invasion To satisfy the neocons And yet what is the government worried about your government in action and there's no opposition between those two words your government is doing it baby The word police the pot police the word police the Jesus Christ your police It's really tried another course. We got the gay marriage police make no mistake about that the bush monster Already yesterday says he's really pissed off and fired up. I mean he's Pete off. I wasn't safe to stop Really, yes, you can okay There you go. Let's give a primer to the audience. Okay, so you understand Stop just as they say is an expression dealing with your frame of mind while we're using it to that used to be supposed to wait physical act do you understand Following this because if anybody needs some direction that you're the one Just trying to keep you out of hot water because believe me there are people in that building Absolutely love the scarred your ass in hot water. I mean swallow your bottom in hot wall Right President pushes political directors told a group of prominent conservatives at the present would soon publicly endorse a constitutional amendment Bending game marriage Babe you can in the umptious one who makes a brother pass seem like Ted Kennedy Babe you can in Told writer she was one of several conservatives who heard the message from political director Carl roving maniac to weeks ago We were told by Carl rove that the president would support the constitutional amendment not just anyone in Dorset, but also that he would fight for it Babe you can and says bay which rhymes with gay Specifically wrote told the alliance of conservatives known as the Arlington group in a telephone conversation that bush would back the amendment They put forward by Colorado Republican Maryland Musgrave and that is statement would come sooner rather than later Which is why in the last couple days of course he's expressed his outrage and dismay over these grotesque things in California All these horrible things all and of course that's why Laura bush was out there in Santa Monica They lamenting this horrible nasty grotesque thing that we must stop we must put a stop to it now Stamp out gay marriages stamp out potty mouth words on radio and certainly stamp out though They pot smokers and all the paraphernal that goes along with it We got the sex police to pop police the word police to gay marriage police the jay walking police the chewing your gum to loudly police the smoking inside of a tavern police The smoking at the racetrack police So I used to tell that it was a police state you have on that now sure it's funny I you're living in a police state boys and girls make no mistake a booting I'm not WQM hello What Neil how you doing pretty good sir? Remember when a Patrick Cannon in 1992 into Republican convention Fucked about cultural wars and we all rolled our eyes and left Right Well here we are man and the interesting part of it is he's not on that side of it anymore. He's our moderate No, you know that's true. I mean ever since Ronald Reagan called ketchup with vegetable and right away Jerry Fallwell and Pat Robertson came out from under the rocks where they live They're not to talk about abortion and anything to you know look Unfortunately and I want to get Reagan turned into a vegetable right I'm probably ironically you are it's unfortunate, rather that the average American is a fierce willing Swat and balls for this crap and Yeah, I mean it's just it's amazing, but I have to say it's Patrick Cannon And then the only colleague ever agreed with him. I mean it turns out he was right We're fighting the cultural war where we're losing the Iraqi war Have a great day I'd be lucky sir. I'll see you right at the border. I'll see you at the buffalo the peace bridge bring the kabasa and the chicken wings What else have they gotten buffalo? Oh, uh, they're Kimmelwik on roast V they were roast beef on Kimmelwik What about hell with it don't get fat boy and you were gonna okay had one dose in this boy and I was two doses That was oh yeah, but we Oh, I think that's part of graphing and I'm seeing if yes me I can hear that no more because it makes me think of already up nauseous and only fat people Who are Sabers fans and that really equates me? By the way, would somebody tell Rich and a red that number 26 and the fanfis is Mike Van Rine and not Van Rinn Somebody please to I love Rich and a red he's one of the best but somebody please tell him to pronounce I had I got to tell you this I shouldn't talk parents, but of course we were discussing other things I had a nightmare last night Yeah, I was I was broadcasting a high school basketball game Clarence was doing the color all or he never said a word. He just sat there With kind of a dumb look on his face like clearance and I was broadcasting a high school basketball game on this radio station And the only problem was that I only had the names of some of the players and for some reason I couldn't get a program And this kept going through my mind that I and I was just making names up Jones pass it over to Edwards You know, I didn't know the first names of any of the players There were many of the players and have any idea what the names were and it's and it was the longest basketball game There were no fouls no interruptions. No anything It just kept going on and on and on and I'm sitting there and Clarence is just sitting there with a blank Very satisfied of expression on his face probably You know fantasizing about the beast But it was what does he what do you think that means? And I think if I think I want to think that a shrink would probably think a shrink Yeah, we probably tell you there was definitely a correlation between that and some of the events that are going on right now As we discover that the the days of viewing during your radio or TV or your cable or anything else are rapidly vanishing Okay, and of course you got to understand that these people realize that time may be running out They can read the roles They understand that they're gonna have to come up with something really spectacular to stay in under four years with this crap It is he won't likely so so while they've still crap you can still say crap Just don't take one. Okay, but as long as They've got the the wheels and in their hands right now They're gonna start they're gonna grease him and they're gonna start pushing him as far to the right as they possibly can So I think that is a good idea. Don't you have making a CD all the the forbidden cuts Sure, CUTs The forbidden cuts not only do we have to articulate very clearly occasionally we might have to spell something out just to make sure nobody misunderstood our intent 4 2055 Today you You wanna think all the same crap And I'm qualified as loyal to the big brat Got the game that you get from his old man That you tell you where the hell is him That you go fuck all around the slushing The blood you rise and bring the yucky Take the blood from New York King That day you're dead, you busy queen Like a palma and a door in a boom that And let me find him to be found that you showed that He had a mind of a five-year old man That violent and good bloodshakes it so fast We can break a milk in a long nap That's you the job that he got from his death We got a law in his death, C.C. Man, you know what the truth is he knew that D That your whole work like a villain D, you know what the whole mess of a pop of a new one's death I don't want a baby shit, you're a kid Like a palma and a door in a boom that He didn't like what he told when he's dead On a boy it was a family in fact He's been related just from a boom He's dead, I'm just gonna see that Like a grandstand, I can tell I want to go with a boom That's like a palma and a door in a boom That's... That's... They're on our website Do you want to think they have the regulated internet? Yeah So what we're gonna have to do is really put a lot of really risk-case stuff I don't want to say dirty and filthy and grotesque in the... ...stirulating And I'll say that No, on our website Like you're in stone today And a really a slutty kind of a picture It's a beautiful thing When in doubt, check it out Okay, speaking of those slots and scumbags Who's the biggest sportscom bag of all time? OJ Simpson 104, that aren't gonna touch OJ Because he killed two people and called blood Everybody knows it We know we're on the OJ So is everybody with a brain My Tyson32, Wayne Heisenkin, 19 George Steinbrenner, 10, excellent Bobby Knight 9, Pete Rose 9 Jason William 7, Colorado Coach Gary Barnett 7 He'll be canned soon Jose Conseco 6, don't say Jose Conseco Dural strawberry 5, Ray Lewis 3, Kobe Bryant 2, Cecil Collins 2, Michael Irvin appear What he has won and no votes yet for Steve Howl Ray Carruth, which I didn't even know we put him on there Lawrence Taylor Didn't we leave somebody off? Oh, we got Ray Lewis, he's got four vote So there is your uscumbag athlete Ray Lewis is part of the athletic subculture You must understand drugs and rape and women And beaten up people and gun Cheat and up things dogs, people whatever It's just partly athletic subculture in America They just have different altitudes WQAM hello Yeah, a deep list, the bailer coach I don't know if that's on your list or not He's small potatoes Don't you think? I just said I put him in a place Anyway, it's not when I'm caught I wanted to know what I got missed the beginning I'd be sure about what is going on with the crackdown I'm being able to play and say things And this is after I'm just, I can't believe this is going on I'm here, you're not going to be you But it isn't just me, it's the whole country I mean it's Howard Stern, it's the Iran It's anybody, the sports people on this station We got the word police and the sex police And everybody else after us And let's face it when you start threatening radio stations The companies that own and don't lose the licenses And the TV companies do, which is why CBS and Alzheimer's and his penis So it's scary, really scary, it was so scary It is going to work for it, it's unbelievable And of course, who's going to fight back against this Because, you know, you got to be public in Congress and Republican president, you got to colon Paul Sutta as the head of the FCC There's nothing to fight back with Well, I tell you what, you can't sit on that You go on the air and say this Everybody out there listening that loves the show And needs to call it right to the FCC And they're not really doing it Oh, very clearly, I'm not really going to do it See about this show, but not the ones who like it And while we saw the people who like it She's starting to write it to them Because I mean, this is the only type to show That the only show like it, even the maybe in this entire country And I'm not saying this show is going to change that much See one of the things that I can do And I'll pat my self a little on the shoulder Because I can't reach my back But you know, you have to know how to do it cleverly and be a little bit intelligent about it So you like kind of like hop over the hot coals in the street And you know what I'm saying? And then we can do that Or the show? If it was for us, he didn't do that You do that and you do it creatively He was, he was not that way Well, because this stubborn, he's got a career death Wishing I think he'll probably get candid line A two, which has said because he's a good guy But he just, he just has a death wish And if you're going to be stubborn, all you're going to do is keep shooting yourself in a foot, there has to come a point where survival You know, mean something to you I think you just have to keep standing here and fighting, say the things That other people are thinking but can't necessarily I'm doing it man Thanks Yeah, I mean, I don't want to be on it Oh my god, the whole show and everything is going to I'm not saying that, but there are some things that we are going to be playing anymore Because we're not going to jeopardize, first of all I'm not jeopardizing my job, I got less than three years to go And I need the cash And I'm not going to jeopardize what I got left here Because it is just to be a stubborn jackass And I want to say this on the ear and by the way, George happens to be a bad offender Or he played something at the end of the show, yes, they don't remember what to Well, he likes naked those things in Which blesses soul, that's really cute But they can happen no more, no You follow my drift? I'm bad Good, well, you won't be bad You won't be bad too long, okay? Michael Jackson thought he was bad too, but Not so more, you know, I mean, Jesus Christ He was bad And anyway In fact, I'm not going to be specifics In fact, I might do the whole show on this today I'm not going to go to the specifics because I said I wouldn't because they gave me a asked I asked for it specifically I said do a clearance and a duck before the show today About 20-10 I said how come it is Because because they're nitpicking about a bunch of A little stuff, I mean, you know, pencils and paper clips And who's going to pay for this? I mean, that's all these companies, not just these, they're all a bunch of cheap bastards And I said, well, how come they're worried about nitpicking with stuff like that But in the meantime, infinity And just about every other company, clear channel Every company that owns more than one and a half of a radio station in American I was putting down these really tough guidelines Because Michael, Paul and the FCC are on a rampage They're going on a 8-Smet See, I can still say that See, that's what I'm talking about If you're a little bit of a common sense, they're a ways to get around this I'm not going to be playing games with the F-word, though I mean, screw you is good enough for me You know what I'm saying? We don't need any F-word reference Until they like that a little, right Well screw it when they tell us that it's screw Now nail is okay because you have to go out and get your holy nails So you can screw it by Jesus Hmm, right? So nails are okay But screw all those people out there have a screw loose, which many of our colors So what if the Jesus screwed to the cross But well, I don't want to stay I don't want to speculate whether Jesus was screwed Okay, that's a whole different category And leave it to you to start crying I'm not even going to be able to stop He can't stop it, stop it Nippin' the bud I'm a fan of that But I think so all of a sudden just was an LM Must have been my psychic powers Did you know what's the way that went down? Were you sitting in there when I asked for that? Yeah, and the clearance of breathlessness is Oh, I was doing a basketball game, so I wasn't here the other day But we just got it the last night And I'm thinking of myself If you just got this list of guidelines from Beesley Broadcasting for those of us on a year Why haven't you given them to all of us right away? In other words, are you waiting for us to violate something on air Or give find again or lose your license? Why not give it to us all the way right away So we know what they're doing Why not put the signs on the roads right away when you build a road With a speed limit as opposed to sitting in under the overpass With smokey with his radar gun to see how many tickets you can write And so all of a sudden on the fact that the machine here came five pages of stuff And here's there, you know, and of course the part of the problem being here That on most of these radio stations you don't have anybody I'm not just talking about QAM Most of these radio stations you don't have anybody who's really supervising the situation Who understands what these guidelines are even the FCC themselves don't understand what they are I mean that thing that came out with back in 87 And again keep in mind It's the thing about local community standards. That doesn't mean anything no more Used to be that now the FCC considers whether an average adult listener in the US would find the broadcast matter Apparently offensive and the FCC will rely on its own expertise in determining the standards of the average adult listener Well, is there anybody in this audience is there anybody in the world who can tell me who can define for me the average adult listener in the US It's in pasta. There is no such thing And then I love the way it says in here that they will determine for themselves the FCC will rely on its own expertise So other You know whether they agree with you or not You lose because they just make it up as they go along well, I guess what you're wrong You thought it was okay, but we decided it wasn't says who says them. Oh, sorry But the original thing that came out with 87 we're all funded in here somewhere about sexual activity in Executory all sexual organs when it holds that it's in here somewhere. Oh, here it is In order to be found in decent the language involved whether explicit double on tonde and you end to a sound effects That's not I mean, you know if we can have a farting horse in the Super Bowl. I'm sure we can have a fart on a radio So far out of the most constant. They've had a patently offensive description already picture of a sex act organ or an Excutory function in determining whether or not that know I went through that again, but the average listener, but there it is A patently offensive description or depiction of a sex act organ or excutory function Again, they just made this up. They decided this let's say 13 17 years ago. They just made that up The 7 dirty words with a George Carlom thing which is like over 30 years ago That wasn't good enough because this gives him a chance again to continue censoring which Wasn't within their pervy when the first place the FCC wasn't invented to monitor content on radio I had nothing to do with the FCC active 34 whenever it had a whole was that was strictly to monitor the technical aspect of the business so that people weren't putting on 50 100,000-month radio stations and jamming out other signals That was the purpose of a temonitor Tectoral aspects not temonitor language and content. They have no business telling people what to say on a year And just like that bit we play you know, it's always the children I want a full investigation The children Yeah exactly that's what it is the children As if anybody is going to ever say anything on a year that comes close to what children here every day It's just it's ludicrous. It's just an excuse to censor and reply to this goody two shoes Super phony morality which doesn't exist out there and it doesn't exist There might be some people tell you they exist in your life Don't believe it. They're liars they have a grids I don't believe any of you sure they are. I know them. They're liars They're liars. Don't do as I do do as I say that's America today Don't do as we do just do as we say Meantime they're ripping off the public halibut and then backtailed and all their buddies at Enron All this stuff that's been going down. Cheney doesn't want to give you any of the information about his secret meetings Ashcroft is finally these you know trying to stick into the abortion clinics and the doctors and their patients Don't confuse us with the constitution don't confuse us with the law Don't confuse us with your rights because this is a new deal now or FDR had his new deal This is a different new deal. This is the raw deal Good one. You don't have any rights left Forget about the constitution. Forget about rights because just like that lunatic This one was at the abald had one James can't think of his name Woolsey. Oh, Amber him. No. Remember that thing I read that day many months ago about how well if we have another terrorist attack against the US The way of life that Americans have enjoyed the idea of being a thing of the past and we'll have to suspend We'll have to in other words martial law and suspend all of our rights. This is what they're just waiting for you know Jesus Christ right. Pretty soon. Just like they're doing in Iraq They'll be controlling all our radio stations. They'll put their propaganda on here They'll be uh, you know, having pictures of bush on round a clock instead of Saddam Hussein on a TV On the test pattern. It'll be the bushmeister Maybe once in a while we get to see Jim And even Laura what a thought that it. Oh boy. She almost makes Dr. Judy need look well not not quite she's just boring. Laura, you know, she has no possess. She's just really very Christian looking hands. She's perfect She's perfect for him because he's real boring daughter in Christian She can't even imagine her doing any kind of a an act, but we know she did Well, at least twice With him. We think Just keep going. Given the shovels in the 30. You're thinking about it though The hot police are going to come after your squawvel of in spikas I'm going right now Better just put a lid on it. Okay. I don't know what's going to happen when I go on vacation Preacher Bible story good step Stuff okay do not be doing any eating ass Not be doing anything a has to do with any kind of excursory act. Hello Yo, where do you go? Are we both out? We're one of the very best when it comes to that we're legit stuff debunk it take your Bible And just go on like a preacher just pretend your preacher or hey man. I am. I'm changing my name And ask and about bottom. We're from a foggy bottom bailer. What I would say father bail him Who right from Gailam or was it Salem? Let's go burn some watches. What do you say? This way can come on I'll bring the nails Pants I'll bring the eight if five sixty WQ. I'm just keep a lid on him get the baseball bat the Josh's got there My God. He's got a baseball bat there. We every once in a while. We have to whack George with it just to come and down Knock him down a few pegs Hey, if you're thinking to buy a new car truck if you want to save yourself a whole lot of money Then I invite you to visit armstrong's toy auto homestead. You'll find him on US one just 20 easy simple minutes out of the eight thirty six Let me draw your map armstrong's toy auto homestead is worth the drive no matter where you're like because they're gonna save you Thousands on a great new toy otters check out these great prices and unbeatable deals right now And oh for a Corolla loaded including air that you own for just 12 990 and oh for a camera with air automatic and more just 69 90 need a truck how about an 04 Toyota toner the safest truck in America from just 14 990 And when you buy a new vehicle at armstrong's toy auto homestead you get a free some past This was the first either an area to offer free tires and batteries for life General manager David Richardson is stappled to whatever takes to put you in a new Toyota today Experience the armstrong toy auto homestead difference are locally owned and operated and they're committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction Their service department is even open late week nights till late to make sure that the service work is done and done right of course Conveniently located at US one in two 93rd street in homestead just 20 easy minutes out of the old eight thirty six So if you're tired if you're fed up with those mega dealers who over promised an under deliver then you do the right thing called David rich Toyota homestead GM now at 305 24 232 247 305 242 247 for armstrong's toy auto homestead Grab a little and save a whole lot on that great new toy auto Why the you best is ah You should still a Stov gentler who?! naughty Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh you, was cool. So thank you. There's nobody listen to that either, Barry. What are you doing up to the six in the morning, you idiot? Have mommy tuck you in. So here's one that says Bobby Knight who's got nine votes. And why feeding Bobby Cox, he'd be a good one on there. Bobby Cox would get some votes. And I guess Dave Bliss is right. Jay says the guy we called about Dave Bliss is correct. He belongs to Hunter. He's one that told us basketball team to lie to cover up the murder of one of his own players. That is correct. It was one of the premier scumbags stories. Every coach, Bailor, it just happened. I said, I remember it very well. Like, was only yesterday. Don't you? I do not. Dave Bliss, okay? I hope he's enjoying what it bliss, not. Let's see, here's one Chris in the York. We already have these on here. Chris Lawrence Taylor, Ray Carruth, he also says PS, I like big asses. Well congratulations, Chris. I'm real happy for you. And you sure in America these days, you said, they have no trouble finding plenty of those all over the place. That's what Clevver said too. We like big asses. Rick says, I already don't need to abandon per rescue, but I'll buy the new CD if and when it comes out. I guess my favorite bit is band also, if you see K. I know I actually don't think so. Okay. Do you? I don't think any. That's a pretty good stretch. I mean, this business about double on time, if UCK is a legitimate phrase, I don't think you're right. It's stretcher than you are. If the people, what? I don't think you're a lot of stretcher than anymore. Stretch this. And if the people of the commission have that filthy and dirty of a mind that they would have a problem with that, well, I say, that's what I say with them, okay? So please put that one on the CD of band. I don't think that one's going to be banned. We'll have to have a committee meeting on that. Lastly, I agree with the caller, carry your candid. I'm coming over in a raft made of intertubes on the Niagara River, or maybe in a 51 Chevy truck. I can't, I find about about 30 minutes. The old drums. Good luck, Rick. I'll see you out. We'll fish you out. When in doubt, we'll fish you ourselves. How's that pull coming? Don't forget, 155, the hot couple's contest will give you the names of the winners. As we've got well over 10,000 vote on it. Who do you think is the biggest sports scumbag of all time? OJ, nobody can touch you, man, and who the hell would want to? 147, my test in 44, Wayne Hizing the 26, Pete Rose 18, George Steinburn and 13, Colorado Coach, Gary Barnett 11, Jason Williams 10, was a Consocco 10, Bobby Knight 9, Ray Carruth 7, Darrell Strawberry 5, Kobe Bryant 4, Cecil Collins 4, Ray Louis, got 4, Lawrence Taylor 3, Michael Irvin appear, Woody Hayes appear, none yet for Steve Howard Bobby Knight, and we've got a couple more going on their like Dave Bliss, right? Right. Right. Get with it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, only AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line, after sectioning more than 2700 game marriages in the past week, the city of Thamford, Thithko said yesterday, it's suing the state of California, challenging its ban on same-sex marriages on constitutional grounds. Two judges already are considering challenges from conservative group seeking to halt the marriage, speed that began last Thursday. The cities lost through the past, those cases be consolidated in the one case. The city's asking superior court judge James Warren to declare unconstitutional two sections of the California family code that defined marriage as the union between a man and a woman. City officials want the judge to determine if we're restricting same-sex couples from airing violates the equal protection and do process clauses of a California Constitution, which, by the way, that's exactly what happened here in Canada and Ontario. I just mentioned that in passing course, that ain't Canada, but nevertheless. Acting to further the equal protection and honest going to be adding on the San Francisco way to court, but on the same day, the New York City clerk disregarded not only constitutional principles, but also existing state statutes by refusing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. Unlike California law, New York, Maccomony law does not restrict marriage licenses to persons of the opposite sex in view of leading legal authorities. A 1997 report published jointly by three committees of the Association of the Bar of the City of New York and in Dresby, the Association's Committee on Metromony Law concluded New York's court domestic relations law is gender neutral. They concluded that marriage licenses can and should be issued now to same-sex couples under existing law, a supplemental joint committee, report by the Association in 2001, reaffirm this conclusion. Mayor Dick Daly and Chicago says he has no problem with him his as a town, bring it on. Tell me where everybody anybody. But not the Bush-Miser because the event I got a great story from the Umshis, some of your moons, Washington Times, evangelicals frustrated by Bush. He ain't going far enough and they're threatened to stay home in the November. Speaking of the OSH-Miser, we've got a great, and of course all the other stuff that's going on with the Jesus movie. We've got a great picture of the last supper right there with the Sharon Stone. Right. Right underneath her a bother in between. Right, the last verse. You see the last supper in November, second, 2004 as the Bush-Miser says. Bye, bye, bye. Looking very much like Jesus with a different push. It's a beautiful thing. And we can only pray that it comes to a, come here, it comes about. How many QA and hello? Hi, how are you? Good, how are you? I'm calling from Toronto about this game age. Saying it's getting out my nerves. You guys are just screwing it all up. What do you mean by that? Well, I mean, we don't, we pass it. It's cool with us. Nobody cares. Why is it? Well, that's how you guys don't say it. I had nothing to do with it. No, but I'm saying I was just, I just came out from Florida yesterday. Right. Or the day before, rather than I was there for like 11 days and on the new San Francisco New York, every state, every city, nobody likes it. Who cares? Your husband's screwing up the country is worried about what people are doing there, bedroom doesn't exist. I say let's bring back John Cretchen, is what I saw. Oh my God. Yeah, I think he also moved here permanently just complaining about sunset. Yeah, he's speaking about it. Thanks, sweetheart. See you at the Eden Center. I'll be eating at the Eden Center. 560, 560, 560. Be sure and tell me about that, okay? Okay. Be sure and tell. Stop screwing up. Come to Rhino, hey, well that's great. That's she was 11 days in Florida and she survived it. He regulations we don't do it again. Don't stay there to lie. It will rock your mind. WDQA, I'm hello. Yeah, I'd like that a name to the pole. Yes, sir. Roboto Alamaz, come back to spin in a numphiase they didn't agree with the call. John, her speck. Yeah. Okay, pal, you got it. Roboto Alamaz. He didn't like him because of that rumors about him. I think. But never let's get money. Alamaz. If you're a mean spitter, I'll tell you that. Oh, wait a minute. Isn't that extra joy? Sure. You didn't hear that folks. You just didn't hear that right now. I mean, that's how silly all this business is. And like I said, and I don't want to gloss this over because we all spent at least 20, 30, 40 hours on this in the days to come. We don't really have anybody in that radio station who understands anything about talk radio. That's number one. Number two, they certainly don't understand all the nuance. And I'm not knocking them because who could? Who could really understand the nuances of these victims from the FCC and the various corporations that try to satisfy them? And it's impossible. You know, it's like, I said, it's like building a giant super highway and not putting up any speed limit signs. It's obviously designed so that they could have a sign as a 12. Okay. That's right. It's designed as a trap. Oh, we got you. We're going to find you. And of course, those who would dare criticize the government, criticize the bush mice to understand the Nazis. Well, those of us, so you better believe on it. So we're going to be really toying the line. Yes, sir. cleverly and entertainingly, but we're going to be toying the old line. And by the way, if you do see K, send her my regards. Sitting at home watching Dwight Lauder Dayle talking about how bombs are stealing 95-yard rail when Southern Lee with a bullet tend to dish up onto the screen. Came his partner and Bishop. She said this just in. To our witness news, it's Governor Martinez and the two lives. Who will have mortage tails coming up at 5.30. Keep holding from the stores because they've so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh, they're so dirty. So, so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Bob had heard the album and he was a Paul. He said, thank you, Janet Reno. I'm glad that you're called. We've got to take a stand. I guess this dirty rhyme besides is really quote through election time. His broward judge, friends, said, I will not fail you. We'll censor any mention of Janet, tail you. Yeah. He's selling sex to kids going through. You verti, the two live. Cool. Yeah. They're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh, they're so dirty. So, so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. He kept rapper butt to show he had guts. The most of the people said, this guy is a pus. He rid the land of that noise pollution. Even though it went against the constitution and what did Luke do during all of this job, so 10,000 more copies at 1295. People on a brand new Mercedes. It's really pretty. Bob and it's a bank. Cause he's so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh, they're so dirty. Just so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. We're dirty. It's 1117 and we're proud of it. Just take your radio and put it in a bunch of pommalables. It's soaking in the auto. Poor Jan, she's dead. Anyway, I'm just reading a little part of this because I don't want to read the whole thing on the air because it's really nobody's business and clear us to get all upset. But anyway, in evaluating programming dealing with human sexuality, a bizarre broadcast group of employees are expected to consider the composition and expectations of the audience likely to be listening to a particular program and the context in which sensitive material is presented. Now, do you think that the people likely to be listening to this program are looking for a goody two shoes show? No. There you go. I mean, of course, that's not the end of it. But it's all over the place. It's all kind of degree. And basically, they've put the fear of God, the fear of Michael and I was big, gigantic heaving pals into the brain of everybody who was involved in any way, even a janitor's nervous. I'm telling you, everybody is peeing their pants. He can't take us. No, they saw that flap on a super bowl. And now we have to take a big. We were already taking a drug and it steps into the Stone Age anyway. Right. We'll go back into the pre-radio and TV, maybe further, even in Venezuela, even Mark Connie's embarrassed. He doesn't know whether he wants to go through with it again, whether it's even worthwhile. And the thing about cable, the reason I keep reading that's the ways, because just stop and think of the implications of that cable and satellite, which are not over the broadcast airwaves owned by the public supposedly. Correct. It's a wire. It's in the air. It's out there. It's like pretty soon I have a, you'll have to have a license to breathe the fresh air in if you're like farting public, then you're going to get fine for that too. That's a excritory activity, man. And very objection, yes, me, especially an elevator or it publics. So what the hell are we talking about here, man? When are you people going to wake up and sniff it and realize that I mean, nip it in the bud, if you don't do it in November, you'll never, ever have it other opportunity. I guarantee that you'll never have it other chance to do it again, because by the time even they throw the rascals off, by that time it'll be too late. Rascals. The rascals. Am I going to say bastards? We use so. I'm not going to say that anymore. And they're not going to have rascals eat them. I'm going to say throw the sun's and bitches out. I'm certainly not going to say that. Can you do use the initials? Can you say a so B? No. Nope. Talking about South Beach. SO Beach, so B. Evangelicals frustrated about so B. Evangelicals frustrated by bushes that article from the Sangmyan moon's Washington time. So it's not from some liberal rag. It's from a red wing rag. President Bush left several million evangelical voters on the table four years ago and again is having trouble energizing Christian conservatives, prominent leaders on the religious rights say. It's not just economic conservatives upset by runaway federal spending that he's having trouble with. I think his biggest problem will be social conservatives who are not motivated to work for the ticket. And to ensure their fellow Christians get to the polling booths at Robert H. Knight, director of the Culture and Family Institute. Notice how every right wing group, it's the family research council, the American Family Association, and now the Culture and Family Institute. If there is a rerun of 2000 when an estimated six million fewer evangelical Christians voted in the pivotal year of 94, then the Bush ticket will be in trouble especially if there's no need to return it if the draw democratic votes away from the Democratic candidate at the Mr. Knight whose organization is in a fully-added concern to women for America. They see W. A. Their list of grievances is long but right now social conservatives are mad over what many consider the president's failure to strongly condemn illegal homosexual marriages being performed in San Francisco under the authority of Mayor Gavin Newsom that SOB. Top religious rights activists have been burning up the telephone line sharing with one privately called their apoplexy over Mr. Bush's failure rack decisively on the issue, although we are sitting with support of constitutional amendment if necessary to ban same sex marriages. That's just not enough. I am just furious of what's going on in California over what the president is not doing in California. A prominent evangelical leader confided he says he's troubled he should be outraged. If he's troubled he should pick up the phone call Arnold and tell him we want action against the rogue mayor who's breaking the law. They can't possibly guarantee a large shirt out of evangelical Christian voters if he does not do what is morally right and take leadership on this issue as he did the war in Iraq said CWA President Sandy Reos. She echoed other conservative leaders in blaming what hospitalical advisors and not the president himself for the failure to move forcefully against San Francisco civil disobedience. But the veteran activists in radio host sent Mr. Bush could pay a steep price in November for following his strategist bad advice. What we say good. The strike of this president is in his convictions but are any ought to be convicted. There are people that are not in my or his indiscision in lack of leadership on an issue so basic as the sanctity of marriage misses Reos be saying. We're just conservatives help Ronald Reagan when the president see in the 80s and have Republicans retake thousand seven ninety four but complain they've had little to show for their loyalty to the GOP. Wait to hear who they quote next. Hang on your seat tight. I'm not blaming the president but religious conservatives have been doing politics for 25 years and on every front are worse off on things that they care about said Gary Bauer. President of American values. That little Nazi bastard Gary Bauer. The relation to Hank or Papa Bauer or Johnny Bauer. The gay rights and that's Hank Bauer not the Hebrew Hank. The gay rights movement is more powerful. The culture is more decant to life of not one baby's been saved porn isn't living room and you can't watch the super bowl without your hand on the off switch without your hand on it. Religious rights leaders say their constituents aren't likely to defective the Democrats. What is it issue here will our folks be a wall? Oh, what an interesting word. There are her. Whoa. Will our folks be a wall but it comes down for the election because they're not energized and motivated said family research counsel president Tony Perkins. I love his pancake houses but I'm not too crazy about Tony. Social conservatives call us around strong leadership. That's what the motivates and energizes them and on their core issues. The leadership from the White House is not there right now. Conservative Christian concerns with the White House leadership extend beyond homosexuality pornography and abortion issues of art, education and law. Sadie Fields a voice supporter in a Christian coalition active as they she's heard grumbles that Mr. Bush stood aside while the man he nominated for a federal appeal score deployment Alabama Attorney General Bill prior prosecuted that state's poppeter chief justice Roy Moore Mr. Moore of course was forced from office after firing a federal court ordered to move that 10 commandments monument from the rotunda of Alabama State judicial bill. The audio audio audio. So in other words no matter how far he goes to the right, it's still I could enough. And even if he goes and sees that of course keep in mind that these are the board again Christians and I might come to shock to that Midwestern guy to call the show yesterday who probably was a phony anyway but it may come as a shock to him but the board again Christians aren't going to be all that crazy about this Jesus movie. It's a Catholic thing. Am I right? Yep. It's our Catholic thing and keep in mind what they said at Bob Jones University about those idol worshiping Catholics. Oh, I know. Oh, no you're wrong. You'll just say that as if you really believe it that the Protestants hate the Catholicians and everybody hates the Jews. WCWM hello. Not there shame on you man. You're going to burden hell for that. WCWM hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good, pal. That's good. It got you for your fall there. Okay. I think my album might be on there. Yeah, but we don't want to do broadcastes. Somebody was suggested Mo. We're talking about Jax. People either who are owners or players or the Jax. I'm not a former owner of the Texas Rangers George W. Bush. That's I like that. He might get a J run for his money. You've got to figure he's murdered more people than O.J. You look at Iraq. Not even close, you're right. Yeah. I have a good, a pal. Good point, pal. Thank you. George W. These people have been. He'll pass O.J. Like he's laying in prom. Like he just stumbled there in the airport. What's the bad news, you know? He can play a lot of golf, but he has a hell of a lot of trouble running through that airport. He said, but he runs it hurts. WCWM hello. Okay, pal. All right. I want to ask for money there. He's a Lawrence Phillips. I think he's on there. Oh, is it? All right. All right. How about you? Hey, buddy. Oh, by the way, Mohan worked there. Okay, thanks. No Lawrence Phillips is not on her. Lawrence Taylor is on her. Lawrence Phillips. He'll move way up that thing. How could we forget him? How to side out of mind? Well, I know how I did. Lawrence Phillips. Well, that's because you don't. You're just not into this. Jack. You've been to get with Jack. Sorry. And you better start learning a lot more about the athletic subculture, Mr. Before it's too late. Well, no, that I know that there's all these sex parties in gang rape. See, that it's not anymore. Ah, damn it. I missed it. Not too late. You just came in right after the deadline. So we didn't do any of that kind of stuff. Starting today before the weekend, we better nivetn the butt right now before the weekend. No more of these wild sex parties. No more of these booze and other. I can't. There's no more of these things. In fact, no more sex period. Unless you have like a yellow permission to slip from the White House. They're directly from Carl Roven John Askcroft. That must be for the like football and the real macho sports thing. Because when I was in track of you know, we didn't have any that kind of hockey. Hockey, right? Faceball. Sure. Basketball. The macho. Basketball. You got it. But not like track and field. I don't get Lawrence Phillips on air and Georgia's WD Bush. Yes. Good. Don't forget to join Joe and Mark today. Noon, the two of the Verizon Wireless located inside wireless for you at 136.73. Southwest 26th street Miami stop by the wind t-shirts and some heat tickets. Anybody interested in that? No. I'll go buy and see whoever's there. Probably it's going to be. Oh, Joe Mark. Well, there we're going. See, certainly not Scott, but Joe Mark worth going and say hi to. And in fact, when you look at Joe Castella say, hey, Joe, you look just like what Howard Dean did about 30 years ago. We're sports when you don't five six. You a yeah. I had a ticket pay. One day she flew away. To T-O-A-No, where the moon is blue. The moon is blue. But with our right wing censorship, there are words in mussel slid. Who do each of you how I feel far away? Let's be quiet. So, as you see K-A-N-T-O-A. I'll see you at T-O-A-T-O. Oh, right. How is this decay? Tell her I'm a story's day. And the FCC won't let me sing this. So, my rose today, how is this decay? Take her hand. Tell me, say, that after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days. Oh, is this decay? If you want to. Then I'll see you at T-O-A-No, I'll go on a go. T-O-A-T-O-A-No. Oh, right. 11.35. There's nothing wrong with that. Nope. I'm telling you right now, that is my absolute... I'm adamant on that. Okay. I mean, if it... When the day comes at America, when you can't say, if you see K, the net... That's it. That's the time to pack up just a hop-on-e-old banana boat and head forward a lot. We put a good Dominican or a variety. Maybe helping clean things up down there. Yeah. Although I wouldn't do it right now. This is a great colony just facts me. Of course, you only fast-me parts where I went online to an SFG. I knew you could. I printed the whole thing out because it's long, but I'm going to read it anyway. A lot of reading today, that's why it goes. Because I'm really whipped up into what Apple-Plectic frenzy. Not really. But here, actually, we got a little background or what happened this morning. I want you to know that I was the one who initiated it because I said, how come? And again, it started over like paper clips and nuts and bolts and minor things like that. And like, you know, cutting, beesley's looking to cut expense here and cut there and cut back on this. And I said to Clarence, I said, well, how come they're worried and nitpicking about little stuff like that? Penny Annie Crap when everybody else in a business is concerned about this crack down by the FCC and worried about covering your ass on their license and making sure that we watch our peas and queues and the F's and whatever. They said, oh, do well. Guess what? They just don't ever. You know, we just got it. Of course, I didn't have it yet. I wouldn't have brought it up. I probably still wouldn't have it. You think that Moan Gully headed this morning? No. You think that Joe Rose headed? No. See, to allow people to go on the air and when you don't know what the rules are, that's unacceptable. And I've been trying to tell them that the longest time, they don't get it. Because these people aren't broadcasters. They're not even close to being broadcasters. You got to go walking around at a very expensive suit. You know, go, boom, boom, like that. And he's a broadcaster. I mean, you know, the fact that a lot of other people have made him look very good and very respectable, so we can have his sports bar with a microphone. And he's going to come back to him. I'm happy for him, you know, and all those millions. Because when you take away all those millions, but you got left, they said, with him or without him, it's still the same thing. And I'm saying, you know what I'm saying? No, anyway, you can't say. Mark more for the San Francisco Gate Common. This has got a great column here. And thanks whoever passed this, because otherwise, I didn't have a way to see it. You can't see it all, right? Right. Is your religion on sanitary? Is God telling you to love war, low th gaze, restrict women, join the godless throngs now. Ha ha ha ha. This is great. Is your God really, really angry right now? Is your God telling you like it tells G W Bush every night that you're unwanted, unprovoked, unulter violent war against a nearly defenseless nation? Is not only justified and righteous, but is his deepest wish with the capital H. And as your religion, tell you like it, tell so many of the Christian right, that homosexuals are a dire threat to humankind, and should be stopped at all cost before the so-called gay agenda sneaks into the playground, and the drinking water and the sponge bob scripts, and starts covertly converting our blessed innocent head of our children to a life of sin. Or maybe it instructs that gay people are simply misled, morally derailed by a hunky leatherclad Satan with great hair and prod of sandals, and despite that said, fact they're still all gods children, and therefore should be pitted and patronized and helped over their sickness. Is your religion telling you that women who dare to control their own bodies and sexual reproductive power should be shut down, and read stricted by legislation and deep guilt and electro-shocked therapy like Sheridan, and the doctors who treat them in prison if not beaten with sticks and said on fire? Or maybe you say, no, it's not like that at all, it's much milder and nicer than that. Maybe your religion like the carefully spoon-fed religion of millions of Americans is quieter, com or a little more numbly sinister. Maybe your religion like so many modern incarnations of dogma is telling you simply to have faith. Does this sound familiar? Maybe it's telling to not think too much about the horrors and complexities and odd sexual orientations of the world that they're simply too ugly and debouched and can kind of alluded to really understand from your mortals, and if you just leave it up to God and let him sort it all out, everything will be fine. This is the church line, it's worked for centuries it's still working today. God has a plan after all, this is what they say. He has an incredibly obtuse that impossibly dense master blueprint that explains all the war in death and burden babies in Iraq, all the cancer and animal cruelty and lynchening. And are you just, and you are just too small on the vault to possibly understand a doing thing about it, right? Well, no. Because if it is, you're really if your religion is telling you any of these things, you might want to reconsider your options. You might want to consider dumping the whole thing and becoming one of the outcasts, one among the godless throngs, one of the spiritually inquisitive, one of the secretly self-defined. You might wish to radically change your perspective in your world view to forego the doctrines of the Pais GUI safety that have a sanctimonious religion that pretends to know all the answers but go at a loan for good out for yourself before it's too late and up, shrivel and miserable and dead as the same goes, it's never too late to have a happy karma. That great genius heretic Joseph Campbell, something up best when he said, the wicked thing about both a little and the great collective faiths, or a historic a historic is that they all without exception, pretend a whole been compassed in their ritualized mythologies, all of the truth ever to be known. They are therefore cursed and they curse all who accept them, with what I should call the error of the found truth or mythological language, the sin against the Holy Ghost. They set up against the revelations of the spirit, the barriers of their own petrified belief, and therefore, within the vand of their control, mythology is they shape it, serves the end only of binding potential individuals, whatever systems of sentiments pay of, seem to be, shapers of the past now sanctified as saints, sages, and sisters, even gods, to be appropriate to their concept of great society. See, even according to our finest minds, major religion is just terribly unhealthy, excruciatingly limiting, causes brain polyps, prospective warts, fear blisters, hate rashes, sanctimonied drip, chronic nose picking. Of course, it must be noted that there are millions who believe in a gentle form of organizational agenda, a tolerant for giving Christian God, persons who are warm and open-minded people, who don't ever attempt to shove their beliefs down anyone's throat. They're kind and selfless and practiced, they're least quietly, tenderly in their own non-taxic way. This is glorious and good. This is not the slightest problem. This is in fact to be encouraged. But sadly, these people are strongly overshadowed, publicly overpowered by the far more outspoken and well-organized religious firebrothers who attempt to set these spiritual agenda for America and delineate what actions we can take and what kind of sex we can have and whom we can and cannot love. It is these, comically, scrunched people whom we are now working to save. It is the call of any true patriotic open-minded American to come to the aid of the misinformed and the lost, you know who you are. It is not a pill, this radical change you might now wish to undertake. It is not a program, it's not a series of eight-minute power workouts on VHS or a stack of subliminal mediation seed easy play while napping and dreaming of Donald Rumsfield baking blueberry piezner rubber chickensuit. It is not a class or a book or a series of daily affirmations just stick on the fridge and check off every time you suck down a yogurt drink or sneak a cookie. It is merely a choice, a decision to drop the dead weight of a dead book from the spinning modern kaleidoscope of your ever evolving id and see what happens. Letting go, declunching, letting the spiritual blood flow is half the battle. Dumping stagnant doctrine, entire and the entire patriarchal notions does not mean you must immediately pick up another system to replace it. You want a new worldview, you want to fresh unbounded to theology as flexible and forces you are, simply start looking inward at the one chew god of the self and what a gift it is. It is a perspective slap, it's a chokehold on spiritual timidity, it's a radical peeling back of falling away and explosion, carmic whiplash, a massive transformational belch. And it is this way needed right now. Ask yourself this, what would happen if you suddenly turn around and said you don't believe in that snoring angry god anymore or in that specific nasty interpretation of Bible verse? What would happen if you said, hey you know what? Life is simply way too short to think that this is all there is that the church has all the answers, whether I just can't be the Bible as this profound curious literary mythological, funk or ram a full of sex and blood and death and random acts of kindness and not take it all so damn seriously or literally because that's when the trouble starts. Why furthermore must I think that if there is a god he must be well a male and an angry misogynistic homophobic Republican male at that, one with a thing for guns and trucks and repressed Catholic priests. Why can't I not say we ignite the feminine divine and the exhausted macho world? Would that really be so horrible, so confusing? Could it possibly be worse than now with all the hate and fear and pious finger pointing? The answer is shockingly clear, you can. It's not too late, you can heed the call, make the change intervene today, in a heart covaligious person's desperate life, present them with a new way of fresh path, and produce them their own personal Jesus themselves. You can teach them to be one of the heath and godless thrones of America, the happily self-defined these spiritually adventurous, unafraid to take on a deeply felt-tipical messy, gorgeous type of individual spirituality, independent of dogmine's greed and a scouting bearded father figure who pulls strings and random and builds monster warehouses of guilt and dread in your heart like some sort of dower Walmart. It's never too late, is it is your choice? Won't you join us? What a good article by Mark Morford and the San Francisco Gate today. That's ridiculous. That's ridiculous. That's a secular humanist clap trap. Exactly, that's why I like it. It was great. How's that pull coming? Well, let's take a look and don't forget one fifty five on me, forget that. That will really, that will put us in a real pickle. What do you think is the biggest sports come back of all time? We're talking about players, owners, jack. OJ Simpson 195, Mike Tyson 62, Hwayne High thing of 32, Pete Rose, 24 George Steinbret of 16, Colorado coach, you are soon to be former coach Gary Barnett. He's got 14, Jason Williams 13, Bobby 19 13, Ray Carruth has got, doesn't George W. Bush just when Honor is got 10 already. He's going to go zooming up there. Ray Lewis nine, Darrell Strawberry 8, Kobe Bryant 8, Cecil Collins 5, Lawrence Taylor 4, Michael Irvin 2, Bobby Knight's got a pair, a big pair, shut up Bobby, Dave Bliss 2, Woody Hays has got the two Steve Howe 1, none yet for Lawrence Phillips or Roberto Alamar or Bobby Cox at a 454 votes. Man, a lot of pressure. The pressure is building. Let's send a few of those to Michael Powell, where it is. We see, we save this all from nudity on the TV. Dip it was my fourth and that even he would not be there. So now he has to care about what's on the air. He bit in the stone age, put your burger on today. And once he views the salty packs of American way. Get a tower or Michael Powell. That's the new insight of Jan and Steve. Thanks a tower. Those that buying his position that he got through that baptism on his phone and count that it's weren't easy. I want a full investigation. The children to kill the children. If I'm the children to kill the children. If I'm the full investigation, if I'm the children to kill the children. If I'm the children to kill the children. If I'm the children to kill the children. If I'm the child wanted over with a group that got to bow down down there to keep packed. Or they do want to think over the same crap. And a part of the fight of spoiled business. After game and the game from the old man, that should tell you where the hell is. And that boost got caught on the ground with bloodshed. And goes their eyes and play the dusty things. So go from nudity that game. Who's going to disagree? Michael Powell wanted to know where the food that. And let me find him to be found that we showed that. He has a mind of a five-year-old man. If I let him go, the shape's in so bad. He's the grand-tracker of him, can't alone now. Thank you, the job that he got from his death. We got him all in this death, see, see. And I don't want the children to see the nudity. That's your own responsibility. He'd be a home as a pop-up anyway, then. I don't want the baby shit, you're okay. Michael Powell wanted to know where the food that he didn't like. But he's all in his death. On the boy with a feminine backpack. He was ready to run the boobie with that fat. I'm just gonna see that black suit, grab this. Michael Powell wanted to know where the food that. Michael Powell wanted to know where the food that. What word did you say? A lung 44, 16 before nudity, five, 60, W.C. Jones says what you know about basketball. You're right, Jones. I don't know. And that maybe that's why I couldn't do that play by playing a basketball game. Or was a high school game. I didn't know the name's in O'Player. It's very strange dream. But then against a very strange radio station. Alan Iverson is an excellent choice. Thanks, Jones. Also, while somebody on science says Bill Romanowski, who writes among the worst violent offender, a fraud, a racist still are using scum and batley. Bill Romanowski got it. And here's the fact that it says, hi, I have paly. I have two things and gripping it tight. Can I write that? No, I can't write that, no, no. It says what's going on in the university of Colorado? It was all that's wrong with semi-pro. I mean college football. The coach condones the behavior in the jacks stand by side by side by side. Oh, yeah, that was really something. The 16 jacks that came head to room press conferences. Oh, he's a wonderful guy. Never stole a freight train. He's by leader. Yeah, right. It says pathetic. I hope he's fired. Oh, he will be. I'm curious when a summer when fashion senator Congressman going to float the prohibition balloon. It's coming. It says, can I say that? No, you can't and see what the board. You can't say coming even in the movies. Can't say coming attractions. That's the double on time. You know, five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, deep pound five, six, six, the on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Don't forget George tomorrow morning and tend to noon at the best pro outlet located off on 95 and Griffin road. Stop by to win the best pro gift cards and other QM, uh, since he prizes. I'll be. I'm going to have to cut back on those since he prizes because let's face it. Our budget is shrinking. Best than, uh, great. Something more valuable to offer than since he prizes. What's the wisdom of the Bible for free? Advanced pro outlet? Yeah, indeed sure. Ha ha ha ha. Okay, George is going to be preaching to the choir. He's going to be ministering for you. No extra charge. Ministering and admittustring. All right. He will accept all donations by the way, like a small plate. Praise the Lord in his head. W to QM. Hello. Any of our. Our Don Zimmer, how have you? Do you check out the San Luis yesterday in, in, in, in, in the lifestyle section? What? The page, uh, three, uh, the son, San Luis talking about censorship, this after 15 minutes. There's a girl there showing her. For breast, basically. Well, you have somebody mentioned that. Yeah, somebody called in yesterday about that. All right. Okay. Well, you better burn all the copies, man. Whatever. Whatever. Right. No. And don't let him in your house. You're lucky, pal. See you. Yeah. Somebody called in yesterday about that. A booby in the son's. Don't tell Michael Powell about that. Even though the FCC has no jurisdiction over newsprint yet. Yeah. Yeah. Over the books you read yet. Yeah. He can't deal with it, but we can get John Ascroft to come in to, like, subpoena the records from your library and your newspaper people. Let's see. Bro, Brian Blades, what an excellent choice. How could we forget? Also, the dog killer in the bedroom sneak. Well, we got Cecil Collins on there and also Jason Williams. We got those too. But we did forget Brian Blades. Thanks, Jean. Good old Jean. What a regular fact. It's very creative. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I mean, the the glashing up of America. It's just a really scary. What's going on right now? What do you want to believe this stuff or not? I mean, whatever you want to believe. That's what I've always said you find. Have a good time. But don't start pushing that everybody else. And don't use this and excuse to a few hate. But boy, this crowd we got now and this this whole Mel Gibson thing. What I'm, oh, you should have seen Spigna Deborah Norville. I saw them for that last night. I mean, somebody's got to watch there. I guess she had she had on the usual, you know, the believe that she had some rabbi who was sucking up to Mel Gibson. Probably got the hots form. And then she had the this other guy who was like, you know, another with a schmoth on his and orthodox Jew. Who was just crying the whole thing and Mel Gibson's father in the comments. And Deborah Norville was having an nervous break. I guess the rabbi the other guy was just there was a prop because she didn't let him say 10 words when I was watching. The guy that she disagreed with. She was just foaming. Well, Mel said this and Mel, I think she's the one got thoughts from El Gibson. Because she was just a psychotic. Screaming and carrying on like a lunatic. Well, he didn't say that. He didn't do that. Yeah. Well, you know, some of this bear is talking about again. I read the article yesterday about his daddy and that thing that's going to be on Monday night. On the guy who the guy was Steve Furestine, Fierre. That's the name of the guy who did the interview on WSNR in the UK. It's going to be on Monday and Wednesday at 10 p.m. in New York. That was the guy. Anyway, Mel Gibson, even as he has sought to quote charges that his movie, The passionate Christ is anti-Semitic is 85 year old father discounted the idea that Many of you have used died in the Holocaust and said Jews were trying to take over the world. It all may not be all fiction, but most of it is, Hutton Gibson said of the Holocaust and they radio interview the layer Monday night. Now, we had the story yesterday, but there's some more crap in here. It's worth mentioning again. Case anybody missed it. As part of the big hype, 25 million, this guy's going to make a, well, he put up 25 million of his own money. Yeah, great. And he's going to double it. Coming only days before the opening of his son's film February 25th, As Wednesday, Hutton Gibson's comments inflamed the debate of whether the film will format anti-Semitic hatred. Credits of the passion including some Catholic scholars have said it claims Jews for killing Jesus and caricatures them as bloodthirsty. You know those bloodthirsty Jews don't you? All of them. Mel Gibson denies that and recently agreed to remove the blood curse lines from the gospel of Matthew, often interpreted to blame all Jews for all time for Jesus's killing. See, it, it, it just, I don't know what to be more upset about. The Janet Bubi or the stuff, you know. Right. I mean, even the foaming at the mouth William Donahue from the Catholic, who was on with I'mist this morning, even he, and he was just rabid as, as he usually is. But even he said that anybody would go, this, this business about blaming people for their Repretisence or sins or whatever is insanity, sure. Even he said that as he was foaming as he was wiping the spittle off of his chin. A spokesman for icon, the filmmaker's production company, Aillary Ross said that Hutton Gibson had no influence on the making of the passion of the Christ or the thinking of his son, who doesn't share those particular views. Ross said, Mel Gibson stuck by what he told ABC's Diane Sir and the interviewer at Monday, that's my father, okay, I love him. He said, if they're going to try and drive a wedge in here, and ain't going to happen. Of course, he didn't, so he did, to the best of my knowledge. He didn't, this is a vow any of those comments from the pages that don't go there, real friend. Yeah, right. Steve, if you were stine, host of the syndicated radio talks, you'll speak your piece or where your piece, that's a monmo likes. Said he interviewed Hutton Gibson three times since Monday, personally interviewed a me broadcast locally on WSNR in New York, 620 Monday and Wednesday, 10pm. He was totally cognizant of everything he was saying, few were stines said, this man has an agenda, that's the bottom line. Hutton Gibson, a summerval byst Virginia, is a self-described leader in the ultra-traditionalist Catholic sect. Now that's the one it Mel just joined, I think we ought to mention. Yes. He's a traditionalist, a sect, a cult. And his daddy is a leader in the ultra-traditionalist Catholic sect that rejects me forms of the second Vatican Council, including the Church's renunciation of the notion of Jews as culpable for the death of Jesus. According to the transcript of the interview, we also blamed Jews for everything from the Roman persecution of early Christians, so foreminded the Russian revolution to orchestrating an international banking conspiracy. He or just someone to go out and hang federal reserve chairman Alan Greenspan who just happens to be Jewish. Mel Gibson's defenders denounce the interview yesterday as part of the whole Hittner-run and search industry, I'm issued by Gibson's enemies, and the words of William Donahue, President of the Catholic League for religious civil rights, who is as rabbit as a raccoon in the woods. The president of the company that speaks that his favorite speaker piece called yesterday for a boycott of all Gibson's films. His actions speak louder than his words, as F. Ren or Rabbi whose president executive producer of the Manhattan-based talk-by communications network, America's largest indicator of Jewish programming. Oh, he could come on and say I love my father, I'd disagree with his views. He didn't do that. Most Jewish leaders have a relatively muted reaction because they know their place. On the one hand, he's Sutton Gibson a classical and I semi-tose full of conspiracy theories and Hayton perversion said Abraham Foxman executive director of the ADL, the Fossion and said it would be unfair to a scrap-hutton Gibson's views to his son. There are examples of parents who are bigots in children who are not in vice versa, so who knows? Yes, please? Nobody said that's what they say in China. Oh. Still the father's remarks may help explain why Mel Gibson has not gotten Jewish concerns Foxman said. I've been saying all along, I don't believe his anti-Semite Fossion said of Mel. I think he just doesn't get it. Just like Greg Reed, he just doesn't get it. All this gives a parse explanation of why if he was raised hearing all these things about Jews, it would be difficult from the comprehend that which heard us in Pains' said Rabbi Amistir or whatever his name is Foxman. As he was eating his halvah. Hey, when hell is poor, I'm already in March. Right, March 7th. Is that correct? I believe so. No. Fourth, 7th. I'd like that for this kind of a homintosh, ready, okay? That's the wish of this dietary Jew. I'm a little bit more on this. I don't want to dwell on this more than two, three, four more hours. Coming soon with synagogue near you, the passion, the counter offensive. This is in the Adelianos today. Jewish groups across New York City are gearing up for the Premier of Mel Gibson's movie, with sermons, forums, and press conferences on the death of Christ. They're aim is to fight any suggestion that Jews, to millennia go in today are responsible for Jesus' crucifixion, as if what difference does it make? Because if that was part of the game plan, for somebody doing it, then it wouldn't be no Christianity anyway, and nobody would be going to heaven. It was God's plan. Right. That was the plan. So whoever helped the long, they ought to be, thank you. Somebody ought to say, thank you all, you Jews, all you Yids. Thanks a lot. Right. I'm going to heaven. You're going to hell. But thanks, because without you, I can never gotten up there. By the way, I could never go on the same seat. Peter Jesus was Jewish. We are not into boycotts, but it's important to sensitize people to concerns we have said, Joel Levy, regional director of the ADL, the movies they modern day passion play, and passion plays historically of communication for lots of anti-Semitic activity he said. A week before depression, a Christ hits theaters, Jewish leaders have been dead huge with calls from word community organizations. They want to know how to handle it, said Mark Weissman, director of the Test Force against hate at the Simon Vesenthal Center. At the Lincoln Square synagogue on the west side, where that rabbi Adam Mince was going to speak about Gibson's movie Saturday through a standing room crowd, and they were given out free Delhi, too, by the way. That's probably why they showed up. Jesus is not exactly a topic you talk about at North of Oxford and God he left, but in my eight years of Lincoln Square, I've never had a response like this. See that Jesus man, he knows how to draw crowd. Free fish. Only a handful of Jewish activists have seen him, we would be what's chronicles the last 12 hours of Christ's life, but they raised alarm about its message. They believe Gibson faults the Jewish high priest, K-Ophis? Is that it? Yes. Rather than the Roman tower and Pontius pilot, for sending Jesus to his death, their upset gifts and did not cut a line and playing Jews are cursed by God. It's what the Bible said. They're cursed by God. I thought they were the chosen people. That's the different Bible books. They're all tested. Sorry, that's the different book. Outrageous comments by Gibson's father about Jews in the Sun's finger to publicly denounce those remarks. Has found the controversy. Yadiy Adiyada, an on-a-goes, on-a-coes forever. Like I said, Negel will be one of those leningsogalewatens. See it? And was I right? Yes, I was absolutely right. I want to give you a kiss. Absolutely. Huh? For shame. Why are you surprised about that? He's one of the most... Good kid. He's an icon of the life. He's one of the most aesthetically brainwash people. He is the poster child for brainwashing. The Cuban stuff, the religious stuff, the all of it. He is just... it's incredible. It's amazing. In fact, don't forget when I come back to town, I got to go into quarantine for a few days because some of this might rub off on. My mind. I wrote. Here's the sports video, 560's you and two a.m. You go over me, Mr. Boots. And I've been with him in there. He did well in a hour. Jesus Christ, for extra strength, dexedrant. When you're getting crucified, the last thing you need is headache. There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world, sends away under shoulders and some clot gladiators to disappear in your sight. Yeah! Jesus Christ, that hurts. So in this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head. That's when I reach for dexedrant. Well, I don't reach for it. Hey! Anybody got any dexedrant? Hey, Judas! Could you throw a couple in in my mouth? Come on, I'm the savior for Christ's sake! Extra strength, dexedrant. Because the headache is a heavy cross to bear. It's her way to say happy Easter to you. Happy Aswins Day. Now, let's see. Aswins Day is fairly happy. Good Friday is unhappy and y'all got it. And don't forget to go see that movie with Miguel. No. 56056. Let's get about 200 calls in between now. And two of us have been rambling. I feel like really guilty, don't I? No, I feel like they've had them been doing my duty. Oh, don't say that. Task. WQA, M. Hello. QA, M. Hello. QA, M. And I talk to you. Why did they give up or they just panic? Want to be other? Because I'm sure that's something really important to say. WQA, M. Hello. Hey, who's this Neil? Speaking. Hey, Neil. One thing on your pole, you should put what's his name? Don King on there. He's definitely below. Don King belongs on there. Nice deal, by the way. And the other thing is with the election. I know how Bush is going to steal the election this time. And how's that? Cheney's going to call and sick and pal is going to be on the ticket. Okay, whatever you said, that's going to really do it. And it can work now. You mean that liar call? Yeah, that's going to do it. 56056. More cities support of a game marriage. I wonder why these articles. I couldn't find the ones that I were looking at. That's okay. Eric, I know you're under a lot of stress. I heard about yesterday afternoon on the phone. I know a lot of pressure up there in Orlando. So you just caught that. Relax. More cities support of a game marriage officials say they would grant licenses if they could. But others urge caution. For example, Chicago Mayor Dick Daly said he would have no problems of Coke County allowed game marriages. Manyapolis Mayor RT Rybak issued a proclamation in favor of treating a couple of the same as head of essentials. Mears in Salt Lake City and Passbridge, New York have also expressed support for same sex marriage Salt Lake City. Are you ready for that? Oh, no. Holy moly. These voices from cities large and small are writing a new layer to the National debate over game marriage. They raised the possibility of other municipalities could follow. Than Francisco's lead and then one of those going going to do then, huh? Then they're going to be peeing in their pants. I said peeing, by the way. WKWAM, hello. Not there. WKWAM. Hello. Not there either. One more. WKWAM. Meal. Yes sir. Did you mention frontline yesterday or that was on yesterday? No. Uh, tax me if you can. The fake tax shelters that they think banks here in the US were using. Yeah. Uh, you think that's that did you? No, I did not. Okay. And I do like Celia Cruz popping out there on the website now. She's doing a beautiful thing. Don't let Michael Palfine out about that. That's great. Of course I want to. She ain't got nothing compared to his. And the one under that with Justin and uh, and Janet was great too. Okay, pal. Have a great. See people are getting some if you want real entertainment go to the roger's.com. You won't get any ready. Wait till these people. That's right. Because if they could just arbitrarily say, well, we're going to have Congress pass them loss so we can regulate cable and satellite. Then the weekend after that will be, we'll have Congress pass them loss so we can regulate the internet. We can do it. And then we're going to regulate the newspapers and magazines and then pretty soon it'll only be the national review and stuff like that. And the Wall Street urinal. I would say the Christian science monitor but quite frankly, they're not too happy with this crowd either. Nope. WQAM hello. Signor. Good morning. When is this? Um, two things. Uh, first I'm sitting here. We reading. I read it last yesterday, but I'm sitting here actually. We reading the article you posted on there with by Pat Buchanan. Uh-huh. And you know, when you start a green with about 90% of what Buchanan says, you know, you've got problems. That's right. We are in D. He has become, he's become a moderate. In fact, I would say that at this point, he's almost a little bit to the left of center based on what's going on this country now. Unbelievable. I mean, this guy used to be the nut case. This guy used to be the creative. But keep in mind, whatever you would say, at least in many instances, at least he was a real conservative. He rushed up with the old time conservative values in policy as opposed to this government. I want the stick there knows in everywhere and we stick everything that people do. Absolutely. I'm part of it. It was my other thing that I was touching on was the fact that my, my belief is that what they want is one company will, will decide what you see, what you listen to and what you can read. That's right. I have a company will sell you the fuel and then that we Walmart will sell you the rest of the. Let's see, we can have Chevron. We can have Walmart. We can have a clear channel and via comment. That's right. That's an an hell of burden in back till that's all we need. That's all that that's all that will run the world. Right. And these bastards will continue. Oh, can I say that? No, you just did. Don't go to the to profit at our expense. So I hope we'll get out there in November, man. Okay. I'll see you. I'll see you in Vancouver. You got a new. I have a great day, Paul. Nice trees and scenery and beautiful. Not too bad of a climate out there in Vancouver and nice fresh air. Although the only thing in the area you might notice a little weed here in there. The wild thing is hard. You're this one. I'm full. Huh? That's people burning their lawn rakeings. Was that what it is? I thought they were like burning something else. Burn in a big fat one. Well, there are nobody's been any attention to it. Every now and then you'll sniff that here in Toronto to you. You'll be walking down the street. Oh, somebody's a smoking a big fat one somewhere. There's nobody cares. Nobody pays any. I mean, I'm not saying that they've really there at least still planning the scenes for that. Paul Martin's got to get over $105 million that disappeared over this camera first. But nevertheless, they planted the scenes for it. The decriminalization of pot. We already got the game merges going on. How is it that border there just across the border? We've got a country that I'm sitting in right now Canada, which is generally considered a very silly place when the hockey and the early and stuff like that. But nevertheless, it's light years ahead in their education and their health care and their social attitudes. All of these things as opposed to the so-called great USA. And by the way, did not participate in the illegal invasion of Iraq and killing all those people. But it's helping participate in guarding Afghanistan and trying to help put that country back together again. I just mentioned those things in passing. Any American public sits back. Blah, blah, blah, blah. And don't use TV isn't it's used because all the saled networks are here from Buffalo, all the global and TV they care a lot of the American network shows. Same shows, same garbage, same crap, same fast food joints, same gun. But just a whole different altitude about life. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. See when when religious nuts get a little bit too carried away. Guess what they call them here. They call them bigots. They call them religious nuts. Huh? And they say, we're not going to put up with your crap. In the US of A, of course, they make him president. Or somebody did. This Supreme Court. WQM, hello. Yeah, hello. Yeah, I took the nail, please. Speaking. Neil, one question. How does one man generate so much interest for 2000 years? What does that mean? Well, Jesus Christ is generating interest for 2000 years. How does he do that? Because they hate for salespeople because they made people and offer they couldn't refuse. The point is, you haven't heard the Crusades in a Spanish inquisition? Yeah, but who are you? Here's about them today. You're hearing about it right now. I'm talking about one man. So what's your point? You can keep repeating it over and over again. I know, but you don't have an answer, Neil. I just got through giving the answer. Sir, but your ears are so full of crap that you don't want to hear it. I just gave you the answer. They had good salespeople. How can you, how can you miss when you made people and offer they can't refuse? But I'm being. Anybody that want to go along with this program? I'm a believe there for retail. Well, we just have to eliminate, okay? We can earn one word by. One last chance. Do you believe it? No, wrong answer. Wrong answer. We're going to bring you a stake unless you read this passage. Right. Let me think about that. Hmm. Fine. Then I sure as hell, hope he's not one of those Jesus Christos. You think? No. I'm trying to pedal his bullcraft to me. If you want to believe those fairy tales, that whole sixth story, which is one of the, I mean, when you come to all religions, I mean, Judaism, you know, God told him the Smyth all of their enemies and don't miss any of them get them all, you know, all the religions are full of hate and sickness and killing. But this story, this whole crucifer which the Christians, by the way, didn't invent the Virgin birth and the crucifixion. I mean, this is the way from 80 million other religions. But the whole concept of that is so disgusting, so sick. And then Mel Gibson is going to make it so graphic for you see, if you'll believe this, then he died so that he, he'll think he could forgive you. It is, if you believe this garbage and subsidize our big business, our tax free industry, well, then you can go to heaven, but he didn't die. Well, he, well, physically he died. He, very, very many green back. Well, he didn't come back. And he was going to come back. He made kind of a combo. Just like Mar of Alperts and somebody mentioned him before, he went away for a little while, and they made a comeback. 5605056, the pound 560 on the AT and T in Verizon, Mar of the Slon. Let's hear from some of those Jesus Christos out there today. What do you say, huh? That 5.9% of the audience, they religious writers, let's hear from them. I mean, I hope you have made a little more sense in this last guy who was like a dog chasing you'd still. How come for two of the, how many times do you say that? I'm a good man. I'm going to go in person. I'm going to go in here to answer the question because he never shut up. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. Turn that radio off. I did. I tried to hear what turned off the government might come and do it for you. Yeah, right. I tried to get hold of you a couple of three days ago. You were talking about something that you touched on a few minutes ago. The original movie, uh, rollerball, have you seen it? Yeah, long time ago. Yeah, that's, that is what's happening to us right now, right? And when John Housen tells us, James Con, it was never meant to be a game. We're living it right now. Right. And it's sad. You're living it. Okay. I want to rub it in, but you're living it. You're out of it. You've been. Yeah. Thanks, man. You, you, you see. I'm out of it as much as possible, you know, once in a while, I'll like tiptoed out of, uh, hamburger, uh, New York to, uh, Buffalo Raceway. Wouldn't that be a good way to do it? Sure. I'll just drive across the border. Go over to a hamburger to Buffalo Raceway. I'll lose a few bucks. Drive over to Batavia to Batavia down. So I'll go to Finger Lakes Race track. Get your parking to the track. Then I'll go see my meat by maker. I'll go to a Montessente to see Mark and Maker. And the 85 Gilmourists. Anyway, you don't think Doug Gilmourists want to go to those, do you? No. Wrong sport. Wrong trivia. WCWM, hello. That's that line one again. So it's always going on this. Yes, sir. Hey, how are we going? Pretty good. Oh, my god. I can't believe I got through to you. I, you know, I just want to tell my mom. I just want to touch on his teaching a little bit. I have a lot of time. I've talked to my son. I've listened to every day, but. You can't hear the reason. I should Jesus and I can, you know, if it doesn't Jesus, put it this way. Why do we got to work up, fucks up? Why are some people rich? Why are some people poor? You know, I can't believe I've worked. Don't forget you're the meat shell and hair in the earth. Right. You know, I don't even go to your nearest preacher and animal for on your money. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you had to hand that past away a year ago of a cancer. And, you know, I used to have my state all the time. You know, especially past away from cancer. I totally look at things in a different perspective, you know. I mean, you know, I'm not, I have a mother that thick as well. And, you know, I thought I'd do this. I work in a work every day. And that you're, you know, people call them in today about this religion thing. They really got a subject and take a look at it. If there really is a God out there, things would be a lot different than you are now. Yeah, but you're not, you're not listening to all those cliches. He works in mysterious ways. Oh, they're, they're just dozens of them. And I got out of the same as the question, you know. Yes, sir. Okay, you got to put the jack in the box. Okay. We have to throw on the approval list. You got to say, I want to stop. Okay. We'd like to have family hanging there. Okay, but I love you, man. Thanks. Take care, man. All those cliches. Let's see. He works in a mysterious ways. Right. Which is the mutual and hermitly earth. There's, there must be a hundred of them or least. You called my turn, man. See, it was right next door. You got to have faith. Got to have faith. Oh, my bait there. You saved. Right. All of these things. Oh, they're good. Grab my Bible and go crazy. But I'll, we'll say that for tomorrow. You're going to start in that practice for my vacation tomorrow when you're at the best Pro-Watland. George is going to be preaching there. He's going to be wearing all his vestments. That's right. I have a lovely vestment. It's going to be a beautiful thing. Maybe he can convert the masses. The best taxes we ever had from Gary in the Springs. Good point, Gary. But it's a good talk about. See, get everybody whipped up. Right. He doesn't know about the house. The mouth Gibson flick is just a movie. He says, can you believe that? Oh, my God. No, no one fluent whatsoever on people's views. V's of a Christian versus Protestant versus Jew versus He forgot about the Muslims. It's a movie. It's a Hollywood entertainment thing. If anyone is making a big stink about the movie, it's the Jewish community. If they were smart, they would just ignore it. And of course you're right. But no, they have to draw attention to when start a big commotion. Or as we say, a big sentence. There is nothing new in the milk. Gibson movie that has not already been discussed. The rest in rehashed over and over and over again is movie will offer nothing new about the life of Jesus. There has been no new historical evidence discovered, which mail might have used this interpretation of the, of course, the stuff he made up. All this fuss over a movie is ridiculous because the movie itself is ridiculous. Inspirational with life of Jesus isn't something you find in a Hollywood movie. To all the self-hating Zionists who relax in the words of Tony Suprano, forget about it. I'm going during this phrase, excellent facts. Got it, David. Right. Got it. He's got a stomach on it. But then if we forgot about it, we wouldn't be all screaming the elf. And then of course we also wouldn't know about Mel Gibson's father. Right. We got to do it. Radio show. Oh, brother. Heinrich Himmler Jr. Da. OJ Simpson, I thought that the W would like pass him like he was standing still, but W is only moved into a week third place. They really do hate OJ. Who do you think is the biggest sports come back of all time. OJ 235. My Tyes 83 George W Bush former owner of the Texas Rangers, the manager traded away Sammy Sosa for a hot dog. 40 votes, H Wayne Highping, your 40. Pete Rose 32, Ray Carruth. From the book of Ruth for 25, Colorado Coach Gary Bennett soon to be former coach 19. Tyler but Jose Cancoco 19, out of sight out of mind. George Steinbender 17, Bobby 19 16. Jason Williams 14, how's your dog Jason? What's this? The rumor huh? So, Ray Lewis 12, Daryl Strawberry 10, Kobe Bryant 6, Cecil Collins 5, come on Cecil take a peek at this. Lawrence Taylor Ford, Dave Bliss 4, Bobby 9 4, Bobby 9, so only got 4. Do that just read him? Do we put him on their twice? No. Yeah, he's got 16 and he's got 4 more. Oh, no. Somebody put him on their twice. He's got 20. I knew he'd do better than that. Bill Romanowski's got 4. That was a 133. What he has to, Michael Irvin 2, Bobby Cox 1. Steve, how one end zero? We got like 5.98, almost 600 votes, but zero so far for Brian Blades, Lawrence Phillips and Roberto Alamar. I'm not playing that spin thing again because that of course, you know, it would be excritoria. Is it? Oh, isn't it? Oh, isn't it? Well, I think another bit that we're not going to be playing normal. Okay, we hit. Oh, yeah, well. That's gone. There. So if our regular listeners out there, if you listen over the weeks and months to come, we sure pray that you will. And there's certain things that you don't hear again. Don't blame us. Don't blame me. Don't blame George. Don't blame Josh, even or anybody else. Read and die for clearance. Blame Michael Powell on the SEC. Okay. Blame George's W. Do something about it in November. See, the Clinton people at least had more important things to think about. Although, of course, they were the ones who were in, uh, not let's see. Who was it? 87 would have been Bush. Senior. Oh, that's right. 87 was Bush senior when it came down on the stuff about excretory activity and all of this other crap. I remember the day that I was on the Iran's E1. That stuff came down and people couldn't care less. You know, you know, I took care of that. Yeah. See, when you don't have any choices, left on your favorite radio shows and TV shows and cable shows. And everything is gone. And then you'll say, holy crap. What happened here? What was I when all this went on? A sleep. WQAM, hello. How about, uh, I got a meeting for our deal. Yes, sir. Go ahead. That is the right man. Dennis Rodman. How can we forget? A great inspiration. Thanks, pal. And a reason, another reason we hit Madonna, we're revolted by that open mouth kiss with Brittany. Oh, man. Get the damn lice all and the, uh, list of the, and the, the chlorox and the, uh, everything. Just do that. Use that. Put it out. Oops. Careful. WQAM, hello. Hey, and the, uh, I had a teacher in my youth to, uh, supported out that the, uh, the dark ages. It wasn't by chance that the dark ages coincided with their golden ages of the cat by church. Uh-huh. Meaning that, you know, when the people were the scariest, they were more attracted to the church. Right. Anyway, that was all you had. And thank you so much. When they were the most superstitious. They're much out to walk under that ladder. Oh, so anyway, some of those, uh, I was talking to that one call. He's in a better place. You know, when somebody does, he's in a better place now. Or it was his time. It was God's will. Or the Lord called him home. Hmm. I mean, this is, I hear these things. And I just want to cry. He's not in a better place when somebody dies when one of those soldiers gets killed or with ears like 25 years old. He's not in a better place. He's in a box. His bones and skin is, he's rotting. Well, maybe in a time. Because life has been stolen from him by their, uh, they're, uh, a group and fewer and a set of fewer. All these fewer. Maybe the coffin is like one of those silk. Well, no. No. And he's still rotting in there. Okay. Maybe the worms can't get in yet. They will. Maybe he'll find a way in. Take a look at some of the people that got into QAM. The worms always get in sooner or later. W to QAM. Hello. Just look at our sales department for example. QAM. Not there. W to QAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Speaking. I can't believe it. I got one suggestion for the poll. Dying King. Oh, yeah. We said then. I think we haven't put him on. Yeah. He's coming. Oh, okay. And in just in case you already had that one down. What about time, Brenner? He's a real moron. He's on there. In fact, he's doing very well. You'll be pleased to know that the Steinbrothers got, uh, a bunch of votes. Oh, for great. How did he rate that? Call back later and give us some more that we got on list. We're going to go online and read a few of them and call them back later and give us some more. Don't forget, 150, five will give it to you run down in the contest. Talk a couple's contest. An unbelievable, literally an unbelievable number of votes. I'm taking one thing. Those people must have a lot of friends. All of them, or some of them. Some of them must have had any friends. Well, or none enough. 10,0884, which means almost certainly we'll have over 11,000 votes by 155, right? When we get to the end of this. They're statcular. Now, would this be like exit polling with how it's given a result? Well, they can look online. It's not a secret. It's not an exit poll. It's an entrance poll. Oh, and I'll say that. I can make something big out of that. See? 2681 votes for a Jesse and Jeffrey. They be leading right now. Second place. Carmen and Carlos. 2365. You think they're going to catch him unlikely. But anyway, those are one and two right now. And then third, Monica and Ryan, Brian, excuse me, Brian. Twenty one, 83. So it looks fairly firm. Although the second and third could be something could happen. The next hour and a half. Like they could find a whole bunch of friends. Fourth place right now. Sarah and Sean. A thousand and five. I think they're as well. But they did a good job. They all did a good job. Thanks to everybody who sent their pictures. And if you didn't, though, when anything this time, you can still send them back in and try next time, which will be some kind of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a kid retaining air bar and uh... oh is great from the drug retort which is now one of my favorite several bit more on the website Yes sir. My name is Dwayne. Yes Dwayne, go right ahead. But now Dwayne, yeah. Okay, hold on. Yeah, I just really wanted to know the guys, you think, no you think so what do you think about me? What does what in life start? I mean you know, yeah. I was losing the world of life. I believe in God, how did life really kill you? I mean what should we do on this? I ain't got no idea, man. How's that for an honest answer? He turned right over a little louder. I've got no idea. The list of the sound of your own voice something might happen. That can start some life. Okay, depending on where you put it. Wow. Yeah. That's my opinion. I haven't got any idea and I'm gonna waste one more second of my time. Worry about stuff that I'm never gonna be able to know. We have got nobody knows. Nobody knows the trouble I've seen. Don't forget, Joanne Mark, right now as I speak or at the Verizon Wireless inside wireless for you at 133 or 13673. Southwest 20, a 6-speed in my math. No idea where that would be. That'd be like, no that way. Can you go over there? Color Ridge? I don't know. Anyway, stop by when you find it. Stop by when some teachers and he took it as well. Any interest does he take it? Huh? No. 27 past noon at 5. 50 QAF. My life and love. This is for 2562. In the way of who I am. The Martian and the Basket. Oh, oh, oh, oh. When I see once, wasn't it turning to general? When she was in charge, it was business as usual. She's one tough woman and a little bit different. That's no more. I'm pretty sure. Well, now all of the Democrats love in her. Ever since she said she might run for governor. Well, there's just one question I'd like to ask of her. Why do you shake? Chattery, no. Why do you shake? Chattery, no. Why do you shake? Chattery, no. Why do you shake? Chattery, no. We got to let the bush if you want to take control. Oh. How pretty what it's five sixty WCM now. That might also be considered as insensitive. Right? Right? Double and Tundra though? No. Okay. Thirty preced in Springfield. I've been accused of abuse dice. He says this just in the Boston Globe online Boston.com for those of you. It's a good website. In the past half century, 30 preced. I've been accused of sexually abusing 70 minors in the Springfield dice. He's already reeling from recent allegations that it's Bishop Melissa Dubois when he was a parish priest. According to figures released by dice, he's today. Church officials say they determined that either the allegations weren't credible. And six of the accused priest were under the supervision of religious orders outside the dice. So they don't count against their quota. The report was released a week after Bishop Thomas Dubri retired him in allegations that he molested two boys. While he was a parish priest in the 70s and 80s, church officials have said they were unaware of the claims against Dubri while the report was being compiled. Former priest Richard Levine was recently defrapped by the Vatican, played at Goli in 92 to molesting two altar boys and perishes in western Massachusetts. In the nineteen nine, and I also got to be careful. I say that too. Right? The dice he said a lawsuit for one point four million with 17 men, with accused Levine of abusing them as children. Within the past few years at least 15 other people of foul lawsuits against Levine, accusing him of abuse. So that's like 32. So we got certainly more than his quota. The dice is his been named in more than about 30 men. Lawsuits, five people will say they were abused by priest. That's how we were reset that. So there you go from the Boston Globe. It just never ends. And again, I still think you're only seeing the little teeny tiny tip of the iceberg. Careful. teeny tiny tip. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the ADAT and whatever his in the horizon line. WQA and hello. Not there. Like I said, there's a special place in hell. WQA and hello. Twenty five six seven five six. Turn up a little louder. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. You. WQA and hello. How are you doing today? Pretty good. How are you doing? I'm doing all right. You know, I read something yesterday. I'm going to stay to straight out. I'm a pervert. I don't have a problem saying that. I'm a pervert. I enjoy the period nature of things. Right. I'm a pervert. I'm a PP. I'm a pervert. Exactly. And the people that I know, you know, the groups, news groups, you belong to stuff. Still a harmless people. They want to see a little skin every now and then. What's the harm, right? Exactly. I see yesterday that going to now there's there. They're going to target the quote spy cam and upscore for your tight sights on the internet. A lot of people to sue them when. But I don't have a two but 99% of those that I go to. They're all can try models. You know, showing for the camera, showing you exactly what you expect to see. And I've seen maybe three or four than then after you see that. You don't waste your time on the new because you realize that it's a bunch of crap. It's just a bunch of crap. But it needs to meet their prepping and further possibility of shutting all those down. And they'll just go from there to there to there. And it's crazy because I watched that. I'm that show and as again, as a photographer, I didn't even notice it when it happened. And even if I had, I would back up like T-Roll, I would have stopped at the image. I would have posted it quietly. But instead all the right, we look cases. Yeah. Put it out there so it's due to a hundred thousand times over the next week and a half. I mean, you've got this big rape scandal, which of course is just one that they actually have reported on a university of Colorado. And these jax, these dumb jax are raping and abusing these women all over the place, which is going on forever and ever. And there's only like one million to one percent attention. This is opposed to the Justin Janet thing, which we saw over and over and over again. At the same time that they were condemning them and talking about who is responsible for it. CNN, MSNBC Fox, they all were shown in a corner of the screen. There we saw it again. Every five minutes we saw it. 30 minutes 30 times. And I can't imagine how quickly they could assemble a committee to go over the next day to head of the city. Great. To mention, I have mentioned on hearing over Janet Jackson's movie man. That's out. And I said an email to Mr. Powell saying, if you, I'll be outraged if you use any taxpayer dollars to this close investigation. If the investigation, if the investigation, she, she obviously, she knew what was going to happen because why else would you go where and a piece of ornament on your netball if you're going to do that? Come for an, and who cares? And who cares? I mean, this is just a pathetic attack of her trying to rebuild her a dead career anyway. Listen, listen to me. I want to tell you this, the reaction in America by the media by the politicians to this. It's interesting. No, but listen, this tells you the state of where America is in 2004. It's not a pretty thing. It's tragic. Can you imagine how the Europeans are laughing in this? They are. They're peeing in their pants over it. They're laughing like crazy. So as far as I'm concerned, you know, at some point, I'm never going to be able to find out the hospital magazine. I'm never going to be able to go to another jury website. So I mean, at that point, I'm just going to draw myself. Good luck to you, Powell. Thanks. We'll come fish out. Okay. Yeah, I don't know why did you more exercise. That I'm going to change anything. We're psychotic about it. It just leaves you limp and weak. I mean, thinking about the fact that there was all this hysteria psychosis. Oh, my God, on a family of viewing all these children were watching you. And I'll say it again. All the bloodshed and murder just forget about the TV shows just on the nightly news every night. Where, you know, like Channel 7, if it bleeds, it leads if they've got the tape of it, we're going to see it over and over again. That's okay. No problem with that. I'm trying that. And I don't think any 14 year old kids are killing their classmates in school because they saw Janet Jackson's booby on the Super Bowl. I couldn't be wrong, but I don't think so. And like the guy says, every the Canadians may have laughed in their ass off in America. The Europeans who see nudity all the time on TV don't even think about it. Not a big deal. Just wondering, what kind of a lunatic and remember the story? I talked about the CNN aired once on a Saturday when nobody's watching. Once about the European attitude toward religion in America and how they're terrified of the religious history that's going on in America right now. They ought to be. They can't understand it. They can't relate to it. They don't get it. Be afraid. Yeah, exactly. And they are because they see this lunatic president and his, his neo-cons, Vaman away in a rack killing innocent people justifying all these, all this aggression around the world, rattling our spears, talking about the space race, the nuclear weapons in space. And by the way, yesterday in a parliament here, Canadian screaming and how are you? You can be danger. Then I got to give one dime to participate in that crap. The space race. Which race is that? The white race? Puce. Just watch yourself now. Don't be nagging any incensative. Come, let me look at that thing again here. Oh, yeah. Incensative comments by Grave 11, Spexman. Not allowed. One striking you out. The deliberate repeated use of exploders including, but not limited to the so-called seven dirty words. And then of course it lists them. They list them. I want begins with an M. One begins with a T. One begins with an S-H. One begins with a P. One begins with an F. One begins with a C, and another one begins with a C, and one with a C, and one with a C, O. Is in decent per se and should never occur? Well, guess what? F-U. How do you like that? See? See, one of the problems is the biggest problem is that no matter what the cause might be, whether it's game-marriages or anything, anything out of the sun, there are always going to be those people with courage in Congress. Of course, that's usually an oxymoron. There is going to be those courageous lunatics. We're going to say, okay, we'll stand up for this. We believe in this. We're going to fight for it, even though it's not politically popular. But there is nobody in Congress who is willing to stand up for the first amendment. And don't give me the sound and answer about, well, all these things are protected by the first amendment. Sure they are. Absolutely. It doesn't say they're speaking. You have free speech or separate the group of money and the entire right wingers. Or anybody else decides is unacceptable. They're the osterisk. No. There's no, there's only our asterisk. And Bush is doing it right now. He's risking everybody's ass. But nobody, whether it's a dean or a carry or an either side. That's why you have two political parties that suck. Nobody on either one of those parties has got the guts to stand up the cohons and say, Hey, guess what? Stop the damn censorship now. Because that's just not politically correct. You have, you can't be for perversion. You can't be for freedom to say whatever to have you want. I'm going to say to you again. I realize that it's just, you just can't say these things. You're not even supposed to think them other than libeling somebody, which we already have libel laws on the books. Other than that, you should be, and of course other than the yelling fire and a crowd of theater, causing a panic all time. Aside from those two things, which have been tested in the courts repeatedly, other than that, you should be able to say whatever to have you want. Whatever the F you want. Can't do it. Can't do it, man. Because the America is going further and further and further to the right censorship, repression, your freedoms are vanishing. And sure, you know, fun and games and funny sounds and all that stuff, but in the meantime, the day is going to come when you won't hear any of this stuff. Are you going to hear as 24 hours of rush and rush sound like, or only junkies on the radio? Only right wing junkies on a radio. Pop and Zits and Pop and Pills. Well, I'm going to get my nuts uniform in a bottle. You'll have it. I would like to guys say before Walmart and Chevron and Bechtel and Haliburton. And the cheap channel and Viacom as long as they go step in line and are good boys. So get with it, Mel. 19 till 1 at 560 QA. 5 at the local. This is 560. The radio is on your own. QA. Time once again for Dan. Royals family values theater. Illustrating ought to be traditional even in the 90s. Why should that dinner great kids? Yeah. Mom, those are the best hamburgers you ever bought. Better than the piece that you had delivered last night. Well, what are you kids up to tonight? Grugs? No, Dad. I've got my believe in group and some iron nights and lesbian scouts. Uh huh. Sun, you need help with that scale model. Serial killer, your building. Some of the time, Dad. Cindy and I are going shopping for condoms. Uh huh. Sounds like you're getting serious about that girl. Oh, Dad. Well, I think your mother and I will relax and watch some porn out movies. Gee, you two are the best parents and kids could ever have. Thanks, Dad. Oh, that's quite all right here. Thanks, Mom. That's quite all right, dear. Join us again next time for Family Values Theater. Where life is a big move of the vice president and some advenation. Supreme Court agrees to hear the case of Jose Padea and the son of the Bush government has the right to hold it indefinitely in the audio. I didn't intend him. Remember Jose Padea and his magic group case indeed. Okay. Oh, and there's that Armstrong. What are you meant? Man, that guy. Oh, I don't want to say it. Careful, girl. I think there are legitimate concerns for the potential political abuse of that status. That's just a guy. Look, there's just another short. It looks like Armstrong Williams. I guess it's not him. Are you being a person? No, that's not the, that's fine. That's the. So you don't know your linguistic man. You got to get with it. I'm building we need your cumming whiskers. Oh, see, can't see that. I'm going to, would like long hours time to do a few things today and just get them. I'll just get them out of the way. Shake it off my system. I got to. I have to get them out of my system. For example, we'll have an access to that, you know. Yeah. 1246. I got some good news finally. It's going to be two depressing in modeling here. Good news. For this Bobby Graham says he's open to VP. Oh, that good. Excellent. You go Bob. As the field of Democratic presidential hopefuls near our senator Bobby Graham who dropped out of the race last year, saying he would accept the number two spot on the ticket if it were offered to him. All right. Good. Do a thinking. I like it. Following a speech yesterday, I think you can I'm a club of Florida, and tell a hassy Graham 67 said he would do what it takes to get a Democrat in the White House. I want a Democrat to be elected president. He said if I can be in whatever way it contributed to that, I'll do it. Said the form to a senator announced November. He would not run for election to Congress. And then it includes vice president one report or asked and he said. Yes, see. The former chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee and a strong critic or president Bush is the Iraq policy agreement banning this president of the October saying he didn't have the money organization to win due to the late start. And of course, we know the AFLCRO yesterday endorsed Kerry. Bobby Graham, I don't like that. I think that's a good idea. Don't you have a grand deal. The grand deal. Guarantee winning Florida man. Make no mistake about it. And stop. Think about it. Edwards. Do you think if he runs a it's a guarantee winning South Carolina? No, I don't care. No, I don't think so. I mean, you talk about Democrat winning for president South Carolina. You're talking about a miracle. Oh, um, Maroclay. Five six. Oh, let me get to the. Dredgeyport story here from the Dredgey. Tourt. This is beautiful. And by the way, how come it's not on your website yet about Jose Pedea. I'm a misfud. Hi, busy. Packen it a little bit. He's probably packing for a trip for just packing. Math Rudge loses advertising wake of Kerry Blunder. Oh, sound the sirens says the Dredgey tort with a T. Math Rudge has lost a long time advertising in the wake of last week's Groundless report legend that Senator John Kerry had an extramar to affair with a 27 year old woman. AT&T wireless is told online. Retising for the Dredgeyport and response to a complaint about its sponsorship of the site. We care about the places on our online ads appear in that site. Doesn't reflect the values of AT&T wireless emailed Jeremy Pemble, the company's VP of Pemble relations. Math Rudge earns $1.2 million a year from advertising. This weekly video show selling a single data ad for $400 a day according to the September 2000 story in an anxious Miami-Herald. The loss of an advertiser comes during a weekend which Dredgey's taken numerous hits for spreading the Kerry rumors while making no claims it was true, passing it along simply because the news organization supposedly were looking into it. And of course he and Russia both ringing their hands that that liberal mainstream media just won't bite. As Dredgey wrote, intrigues around the woman who recently fled the country reportedly at the Prouding of Kerry the Dredgeyport has learned. In spite of the lack of a single honor record source willing to back up the claim, the story spread within hours from Dredgey to conservative talk radio shows and the British tabloid press. A.K.A. report Murdoch. As it began appearing in the mainstream US media, Kerry and the woman former AP report Alexander Portie both denied the allegation. Kathleen Parker, Dan Kennedy, other professional journalist blasted Dredge for spreading the story. Dredge is even more unreliable and wrong than he used to be, and he was pretty bad to begin with. Not collangelo is senior really wrote in the New York press. And a story that we read. AT&T Wireless canceled its Dredgeyport ads after receiving a complaint Monday by Robert Careaway who described himself as a Kerry supporter. I find your support of Matt Dredgeyport to stay still and alienating email Careaway. I am advertising on a site you are conditioning his. Your condoning is current smear campaign against a very popular presidential hope. Though Matt miss Fudge is widely credited with being right on Newsweek's Monaco Winsky story, the self-stound waterwinsulas made several infamous blunders over the years. For example, reporting in January 1999 that a 13 year old boy who looks exactly like a president was a secret low child of Bill Clinton and a prostitute. DNA test proved it was a hoax. Reporting in August 1997 that city Blumothal have been in court on charges domestic violence. He retracted that story a day later and making up a source in a May 2001 story claiming that Dredgeyport webmaster Andrew Brightbart was a professor with a cashmere institute of media studies in fictitious organization. And as an overview and it says this story has been edited to reflect a comment email to the Dredgeyport by Jeremy Pemble after its original publication. We did pull advertising from this site because it should have been placed on the site in the first place independent of any recent articles that may have appeared on that site. So somebody obviously some right wing asshole must have stuck some advertising on there a bunch. And when they discovered they said, uh, uh, not for us, not you miss Fudge. Because you have a tendency to fudge the truth. Just like John and Kakwin's got to represent Michael Jackson. Is it true? Is it true? Michael is it true? No. Charles and dear field Geech says not to be left out of the religious further world team to be swept up in these days. I'd like to quote you just wanted to make great lines. Go back to Arthur Golden and the movie The Man in the Glass booth. A Christian is just an nervous Jew who thinks he bought himself a number one insurance policy. That's cute. Yeah. You know, like it? That's fine. As I have in pigus facts, I am pleading to see this movie. You'll thank me in the end. I'm sorry. I mean, after you see it, the man in the glass booth. Have you heard that? No. Well, I'm sticking that right over here. I'm going to get it. I thought that was that stupid magician guy. I figured part in David Blaine. Uh, uh. Five. Let me look. Let's see. Oh, yeah. Any mention of David Blaine is also an abysely programming content Paulinho has been said to. Any novel of inspect that says David Blaine is immediately. It's not sooner terminated. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line just an hour from now. What is that John Edwards in between a man and a woman? So I think carrying in particular is vulnerable on the issue. All right. We'll leave it right there. Robert George, Matt Miller, thanks to both of us. I'm telling you one thing. Those white people all look the same to me. I thought that was Armstrong Williams. So that guy gives me the creeps. He gave me the willys. The willys. The willys. WQAM. Hello. Amy. Yes, sir. Pretty good. Good. You put the Charles B. Well, Charles B. Well, we forgot all about the trail. The Choker. Okay. He's choking it. All right. Have a good. You got a man. Thanks. Good. Now I'm sure Josh knows how to spell all these jock names because he's really he's onto that crap. He's got his head deep in there. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and that's probably why he got the job in the first place. Because when he who hired you who hired you a judge. Originally I interned on power and then Josh Darrell hired Josh Darrell. So he either hired you because you know a lot about it. Well, because he thought you looked pretty good. 560560 pound 560 I'm thinking the ladder is probably true. He's getting tired of the beast. WQAM. Hello. Not there. Like I said, what are going to be a lot of those people down there aren't there down there. They are when it's your time over yonder. WQAM. Hello. QAM. For these people slow today or what? WQAM. Ola. WQAM. It's the old monkey seam monkey do again. You know, but at least I'm making a little sounds yet. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Pretty good. I'm just thinking about what you're talking about with the duty of the duties of the do you. Yes. Coming from being once very involved in a Christianity and then stepping back and seeing how many people including creatures thought from both sides of their mouth. It's pretty scary. Yeah. I enjoy listening to you and George and I grew through the old. Shouldn't be any religion just great hate. Instead of love. If you can wave a magic wand and eliminate all religion in the world and it Wraces from people's minds tomorrow we wake up and it'll be a beautiful place. It'll be a lot better. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. I told you we came up with some other reason. Each other. Man just demands nature. It seems to find some reason. Oh, you don't look the same. The color of your skin. You walk a little bit funny. You don't speak at any in glaze. Look at it. Funny. Whatever it is. Just in painting another way. And I mean anybody who reads a little bit of history. I mean just a little bit. This is what it's all about. I'm going to kill each other forever. I mean that whole thing about the Middle East piece road map. And it's so ascene. If it's like the Janet Jackson booby thing again. You don't know if they're laughing or crying because these people come on. They're like they're talking about a three year old children. They don't talk to anybody in America like where adults. They talk down to us like we're little children like Billy Jay Kramer would say. Little children's. Just a cute. So it's a little crazy. Yeah. Oh, well, the road map this and a road band. The meantime, you know, Sharon is building the big wall over there and there's more and more Jews say, hey, screw you. We're going to put our, we're going to put our ass here. But they like it or not. And the rest of us too. And the Palestinians are blowing themselves up. And they're killing little kids. Because they're throwing rocks. I mean, what are we talking about? It's never ever going to stop. Because there were religious fanatics. They're crazy people. And even the majority of people who live there who are the religious fanatics. They don't want any part of it. But guess what? They had no choice. They're surrounded by it. Like all those getchies. They were the wailing wall throwing rocks at the women who are trying to pray. Wow, the orthodox Jews throwing rocks at the women. Because women have no place there. That's what the Old Testament said. See, when man writes Bibles, when man invents religions, he generally speaking throughout history is left women out. You know, we out there on the fringes. Well, but I was object. And well, I don't remember that's okay. But in terms of having any power. Oh, in terms of equality, in terms of any, we're having any recognition is like being on an even keel. No chance. Now if women in written all the, uh, Bibles, god only knows what a boy would have happened. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. Pretty sad. But you believe whatever kind of craft you want man, and let me say it again. If you believe the garbage fine, but you've been brainwashed. You just not doing anything. You're lazy. lazy people. Take all this crap. Oh, yeah. Well, but the word says, yeah. Take a look who wrote it. Okay. The fact that when you look at that movie, and I'm sure that a lot of you're going to go see it. I'm sure that Miguel will probably see it several times. I know Josh isn't going to go see it. Oh, you should have seen the face he made there. Wow. He might go see Debbie this dear field. The hell of a several times you for a ghost and sees that Jesus thing. You know, you know, you have always seen the passion of Debbie. That's the kind of passion that most people are looking for. Okay, realize that's not in America today. That kind of passion. You know, I mean Jesus crying. Oh, a fact when when I look at Mel Gibson, it makes me lose all of my passion. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, please know that Apricot of A. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I feel a deeper change from our strength. I'm fed in faith as I have your passion.통령 courage your gazeelle, understand. The push by a tactical phrase, you may go with this instant. Why did you put to the goal so slowly? The path to regret the others go with your pain. The path in theopolast. My God. Greek wife. You know, TheMmalistus, the Leutachian. Rolls almost. a corte. You can be above the stump and have no care, but you can't be any worshiped you're gay. Well, the order of hyparians, both him and ensues great, have delivered the sprendounsmen upon the blessed day. Short a little bit half-ravin' thaw, and nestled in the sea. Much a cornstrait to help a home of sexuality. Poca loves the Irish as long as it remains. Except for the cards we've never been sure of them. You can be steaming drunk in Ireland chunks for eleven all the way. But you can't be any worshiped you're gay. No, you can't be any worshiped you're gay. Don't even try being any worshiped you're gay. Why take the fags? Just keep it in better all the time. Those bags from Paul, this may be the award-winning festival time. I apologize to anybody else. I'm not talking to anyone. I'm not talking to anyone. I'm not talking to anyone. But before you're free, give a copy of it to like either animal Troy. There are two of our salespeople actually might be doing some business. It's real business. That monkey business. Right. Let me be far away. This is just on the CBS website. Carry grabs big lead in New York. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. You see? Make sure you keep my promise. You won't get me out of my way. If you'd be right back. We'll replace him but you'll definitely do it right in front of us tomorrow. You've listened already and they'll work every day. You've read us a click. That's how- He's stealing because see one word that's not in his vocabulary Paul and that's work. It's alien to him. He has got no idea what that means. Not a fact. I can give an example. And so let me let me like I said, I don't want to forget it. Because the thing that really started getting me is I get a call yesterday afternoon from our operations manager, Muff Lindsay. Now, poor Duff was a good guy, but always it's always falling to him. He's just the, uh, he's the Timothy and the goal of between. When Greg has got something really unpleasant and it always is unpleasant when it comes from Greg to pass along to one of us lackies. It's always tough to have to inform us. Like back six and a half years ago when he had Duff called me, oh, Neil, Greg wanted me to call you and tell me that studio won't be ready by you. Yeah, right. That was the first of him. And it's never stopped. Anytime I get a call and it's tough or tough and clearance together on the speaker phone, I know it's tail of whoa coming again from visually broadcasting and from the slimy as Greg read, who's got no balls. So the call is about well, because of these budgetary cuts because things are really tight. They want to cut Boka Brian. They're not going to pay him for four comedy bits, so we're going to cut it down to three. Well, how much do they pay Boka Brian for a for comedy bit? Every week. What's the thing about this folks? Just stop and think about this. I'm going to give them a clue if I can never find that anything. Here to hold it. 50 bucks. 50 bucks. Now here's the guy that wants to advertise on this show on this radio station. A company that's worth billions of dollars. And the sales holes don't even return to call. We take a look at our program log today and it looks like a vacation log. Looks like going out of business sale. That's the kind of job. And they have meetings and meetings and there's a lot of people holding screens meet back there. But in terms of really getting down to business, I wouldn't give you a nickel for that sales department. I said, maybe Troy and Adam, maybe. I said Troy. What about Hi boy? Like I said, I wouldn't give you a dime. I wouldn't give you a penny. Other than Troy and Adam. Because you got an Oya Highboy who's had that one account on his show since he's been in the station. Oh hi, apparently. Who comes in and models in every morning with his tails of buffalo and the sabers. Another bull crap. But never take scare. Remember that great restaurant he had to live or food that one day? Remember that one out of business a few weeks later that dinosaur and borrowed somewhere. Oh my god. But then of course in his case. So you know where there's no taste where there's no senses, no feeling. Am I rambling? Oh, that's great. But here are guys. They want to. And I don't care. I'll make up a few bucks for Boca Brian for quite an allow. His a great guy and is a very important part of the show. And of course they wouldn't know that because Thervets hasn't got any idea what the show is all about and certainly Greg weed hasn't got a clue. And that's where we could put the period as far as what this show is all about. He hasn't got a clue. In addition to which like I informed our, and I don't want to pat myself on a back or get into too much internal stuff. But this nice little studio that was built for me here in Toronto, filled by the people of the local radio stations, by the way, and that by our engineers, all of Julio, Julio did build it down there and they shipped it up here and they put it together. And he came up here and helped finish it up. Julio who's a departed, you know, because he was too confident. Too fat. How much of a good guy who cared about getting the job done? And this studio, we've got all kinds of stuff here that's got to be replaced. The toner cartridge is the drum for the fact machine. The all the supplies. Have I ever built them a dime? No, these are expenses, man. We have expense forms. Have I ever built beesleys a dime for that? Oh, I'm making some pretty good money. I can afford it. I'm not going to nitpick with them over a few bucks. But here's a classic example of people who are penny wise and pound foolish. What a great expression that is to describe the beesleys and Greg weed. There are people who are dying. And how many of these levels have we had over the years? Over the six and a half long, excruciating years. Many. Yes. I've had people coming to me at hockey games say, who now can I talk to you in your sales department? I want to advertise with you. But nobody will return my call. But for 50 bucks a week, man, we got to make a big similar about that. And we got a screw broke a brand over a little bit. $50 a week for a multi-million dollar company that's on these stock exchange. B&G-i-my-s. Wow. And I wasn't going to say anything, but then this is a fact. Just put me over the edge. Probably right over the edge. Worrying about little tiny baby crap while our sales department is back there. But it's un-bully. It's un-bully. It's un-bully. It's un-bully. But that's what happens when you deal with the kind of management that are walking around with their finger up each other's back dome. But bottom. Ask. And that's what we got. So don't ask me about it no more. Okay. Okay. That's it. I don't want to get all whipped up. It's Friday to be great weekend. Now one thing about patients, they're always reporting. Okay. I'm going to go to the post we got here on this pool. 738. No vote yet for a literal free will. Lauren Phillips. How could Lauren Phillips have none? Brian Blazes got none. Robert to Alabama are none. Denise Rodman won. I'm going to have to play some of those songs. I guess you get these people with it. Bring back the memories. Bobby Cox won Steve Howe won. Woody Hayes III, Michael Irvin III, Lauren Silver 4, Phil Romanowski 5. They've list five Cecil Collins 5. Bobby Knight Scott, the seven and he'll be coming along. Give him a minute. Come on. Let's get him only on there. One, Sarah. Jesus. We got Bobby Knight on there twice. It's probably Miguel's fault. I'm going to go to this in the beginning. Remember. Kobe Bryant 7 Ray Louis 12. Don King 13. There'll strawberry 14 Jason William 16. Colorado coach for the time being Gary Barnett. Who's in suspended animation 19. George Steinbrinner and Bobby Knight. He's have 21. So Bobby Knight's got 20. He'd all together. He's got 29. Ray Carrue 32. Pete Rose 42. Wayne Hizingo 43. Nice going, Baldi. George W. 53. Mike Tyson 102. And O.J. Simpson 284. Just kicking ass. All right. I'll work up about that. Because we're such a great fast for Paul. Man. See, I'll say it again. People in the on cigarette at Neil. He's really a character. You know, I don't know. I'll let stick about to say like they stick about me and Mo was any of that stick. Oh, no, none of it. Not one. Which I quite frankly got tired of that already and evidently. He's seem to try to like calm down a little bit and be part of the human Racing instead of getting everybody fired every day. So I don't I don't even pay attention to him. No, no, no, no, no. What do you mean? Absolutely. No, no, no, no. He's just small potatoes now. I'll decide on a mind. But the sales thing, man, there's no stick involved in that. I have never. I worked with some. I was thinking about this before before we even got that facts. I've worked with some. I mean radio sales people to begin with are not generally the way you know, we all upscale group. That's the understanding of the century. So I worked at K.T. And I O.D. and W.S. News and I and Z. I worked with some real shady slime balls in my time of Colvin's self radio sales. Okay. But I'm going to tell you, we've got a special lock on in here at QM, the likes of which you have seldom seen in your life. And of course, that revolving door down or is just spinning like a rattle. Take a look at that picture over there against the wall. That big gigantic picture. And all the people that are crossed out are right. In fact, one good guy and even though he's a little shady himself John penis, he's gone. Long gone. Brian, he's over there kiss on, you know, Schmidt kick in the music. What do we got? Oh boy, you don't want to know what we got. We got Todd Dreck. That's what we got. We got fat boy. Fat boy, if he's spending much time selling his he does Waddling around the building, talking about the sabers. Hi, how are you? And his old days in Buffalo. And his operations, maybe he might actually go out and sell something beside one account on his show in six and a half years. Who might leave him out? When you got that new broad there, which I had to have no idea who she isn't, she obviously has no idea what it's all about either. Because she's got to have one account she inherited on here. And man, if she's service in that, Oh, she's doing a job or one. Huh? Oh, and you know who we left out? Oh. Oh, my God, speaking of scraping the bottom of the barrel. Skipping. Oh. Wow. I never in my life been a big peanut butter eater, peanut bitter eater. Right? But if I ever came one, I sure as hell would not eat Skipping. You might pass that longer, okay? Under a few circumstances, I sure would not. Come on, it's half the one. Over the five sixty. Eway F. You're a boy and you're a boy. This is for 20. Bicycle. QAA. QAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAELAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaAAAAAAAAAAOh Oh, you gonna come after you And then you'll get away with that fun too Oh yeah, who'd you gonna get you Oh, you gonna get you Oh, you gonna get you Oh, you gonna get you You gonna get you Oh, you're gonna get you Oh, you're gonna get you Oh, you're gonna get getting it So they pay time to see you Anya-age All Usually At that Montelsburg Yeah, dwelll I got you I got you I got you Awc, my money One eighteen at five sixty WC, by the way speaking of the stuff we were just talking about, did we? I ever get a facts from Duff passing along the information I requested earlier in the day. Is that joke question? It was a rhetorical question. Anyway, here's a great letter to the editor of the New York Times from George McGovern. I love this. Advice on to carry on exiting Iraq. I don't love the first ones, but then again, each one is in total of a mistake or two. It says to the editor, I'm a long time at my room of Thomas El Friedman. I disagree however with his advice to Senator John Kerry Relative's or Army in Iraq which is summarized in this final line and we will not run column for work fifteen. The determination to stand in fight is tempting to political leaders that trouble with the superiors that brave young Americans do the bleeding in the dying, not the political leaders who committed them to a mistaken war. Terrorists are killing American soldiers in Iraq because our army is in Iraq. I hope that President Bush would help the UN will find a way to return Iraq to the Iraqis and bring our army home. Paradoxically, on the same page as Mr. Friedman's column is a column by Marine Dow detaining our Ahmad Chalabi, the convicted criminal Iraqi exile, snowed the neo-Khanz and the Bush administration in believing that the American army could walk into Iraq on a post and that he would be an ideal replacement for Saddam Hussein. Replacing Saddam Hussein with Ahmad Chalabi would be comparable to replacing Jack the Ripper without Capone, such a development isn't worth risking the death of one additional American. Thousands of young Americans blood and died in Vietnam to keep a series of political frauds in power and sagan, let's not go down that road again, claiming all the while we will not run. How about a compromise? Let's walk out of Iraq. Accelerate McEvern, Markle Island Florida. I'm going George, you go boy. Oh brother. I just mentioned that in passing, probably not that anybody cares. We don't even know, you know, they're not even, they're not even getting the names of the dead soldiers anymore. We have to get the dude with that movie. That's right. With the Jesus movie. Well, I'll probably with Jesus right now. Was there time, you know, was there time? God Lord, horse and mysterious ways. And they're in a better place now in a box. Funny after one, we get about 35 minutes till we give you the winners all the way. I think we already got a pretty good idea, right? I'm a hot couple of contests. Not even going to take a peek until 155. Okay. Don't take a peek. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Eight minute open lines here all of a sudden even doing scrimmous. Be pressing. We got the mad dog at you, the hover at four. Panther Preview. Oh, I'm so glad I'm doing the schedule. Want to know why? Parking preview with seven pastors at the penguins. They give me two points. I hope seven thirty tonight. Anycalf to the hockey game and sporting news radio overnight. We're spirit Jackson. Don't like too bad. Barry, you idiot. Panthers. I find out that in our mail yesterday down there in Florida comes a bill comes a Yeah, bill from the Florida Panthers for next season. They would like 20% of the cash for next season by March. Something rather they still have 22 games left. It's the middle of February. Okay. I mean, you talk about Hutspot is Alan Colon guy. I know you're like bleeding red like crazy. Wait, did he have a lot of cuts? And now they're given away two for one effect on a son sent on website. There's a in the month of January wasn't inversing up and out in February. They're doing it again. Buy one ticket for Lee's game. Get another one for free. They're doing two for ones. But to ask for money and then they're also asking for money for play off ticket. Oh, yeah, play on. You have a lot of cuts. See, this is what happens to the handful of real sports fans in South Florida. There aren't many. With each and every one of the sportsmen. They just keep screwing to people over and screw it them over. And Alan Colon man is dug a hole from self-so deep that he may be in China pretty soon. It's just really pathetic. But to be asking people for money for next season, which by the way, Alan, we are well aware that they probably ain't going to be in the next season anyway. So he just liked to hold on to our money for a while. I got a better idea. Send us the money for your tickets. We'll hold on to it for a couple of years. Sure. Yeah. We'll just put it in the bank. We promise we won't take it to the track. All the way. I got a hot tip in the third race. But, and in fact, we're just going to send the five warmed up real big. We'll give them two percent interest. Yeah, that's right. We'll give it two percent interest. And we'll put it in a good about eight or nine in some bonds. We'll hand it over to Barry Bonds. Let's see. This one says, I'm mortified. You won't even be able to utter my name after they are that my well and well. That's cute. Well, too bad. Yeah. That's why he goes, Mike. Book your up. Peanut your act. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. The Panthers. I've never seen before. And you wonder why they're almost no more seasoned ticket holders. I'm way of drifting most of the people away. Too many youngsters in the organization. Too many years would know playoffs. Too many rip off like this. Too many freebies and too many empty seats because nobody cares no more. Can't even give the tickets away. Come at you QAM. Hello. QAM. Take it central. Take it central. What's your name? I'm a rip off like this. Please. WQAM. Hello. Oh. Why is it that every other day with a new-ness-screenless audio? It's already the 20th of February. No problem. I think these people are just a little bit slow today because that'd be it. WQAM. Yeah. Hi, now. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Good. Listen. I'm listening. I don't know if you read an article in the Miami-Hetto-Recently about the... What were known in this Spanish radio-untilovation? No. Well, all of those words that are prohibited in English are used for... Great. And that's right. Repeatedly is correct. In all of those problems, and the FCC excuses that, say, in that they only have one person in their organization that has fixed Spanish. Right. And they don't have any time to check on what goes on in their community. In this community, which is more than 50% of the people out of our Spanish, Spanish means in this community, Cuba. And that's not the use of the issue. Right. So it is incredible that they will go after... For instance, you or any people that use that kind of material. Even though it's used purely for entertainment. Right. Almost because they have no sense of humor. Don't understand nothing is funny. Everything is filthy and dirty and sick and disgusting. And must be stopped immediately, not sooner. Yeah, but why in this community, the people that don't do it in English can get away with what you... What you can now? I think you ought to start monitoring, and you ought to start writing down some of the stuff that they're saying. And then you and I can file on their license. No, no, no, no. We get our own ready to do that. I did that two years in a row. The answer that we're given to me is the same answer that it was given to the Harold. But I will not concern with the dirty words. I don't get about that. It was over. Of a crude joke. Step, step, how does it to do that? We're seeing that they do is to threaten people to accuse people of being communist, to give no balance whatsoever in the programation. Right. I'm to get away with that. That is even worse because many people in this community I lost their jobs. Yeah, but you're forgetting one thing. And that is that the FCC regulates America and you're talking about Miami. Well, I know that we are not supposed to be part of the America poop in effect. If you look at the map, we are. Well, I do not know who you're only in the banana republic, baby. You know in Miami. You know who's coming to town tonight? I'm afraid you ask. See the cruise. No, don't delay to participate. Oh, man. To participate in a very important event that is going to be reported by Fox television. Yeah. Well, they're people that have died crossing the estates of Florida. Yeah. Fine. Freedom. They are putting in FIU. Well, let me say this to you. Well, no talk about preaching the choir. He might as well save the plain for the well. Well, they are putting in FIU. I open to the early 11. 10,000 crosses with the name of people that have died. And don't delay. And the facts that were and see it's planned. I'm going to be reporting this to everybody. Well, I sure hope that none Gibson don't find time delay too close to one of them crosses. He has to came there and we'll be whatever. See if you're being one of those crosses. So I'll be better. May cool. See you, pal. FIU. FIU. FIU. FIU. FIU. FIU. FIU. FIU. FIU. FIU. FIU. FIU. FIU. FIU. FIU. Check your public health that they were actually going to show them fall down. It'll be almost like George Bush, number one. Remember George Herbert Walker when he was in Japan. I don't know that. A little bit of a problem. 27 past one at 5.60 QAN. Why? And local. We are sports video 5.62. QAN. QAN. What in your really rounder half of your dark? Okay, don't have to hug you. Yeah. Now for you. Very good. Nice. Thinking that Keigen프's so sexy. On Are you with you? A private number. As a sports car. Never give the best two, I guess we're huge, but there is just a one over defending the world. With this different 치. A dive of a girl he KeithMyix, A child over taking a hard one. She's absolutely awesome. A bird hitting the ground in the bullseake room. One more just boy. We have no dream of that. Doine Tyle and now he never evaporated because I agreed Wow, we got something going on at Hot Couples Contest. You wouldn't believe you better take a peek at it. Alright, I'm picking up it now. Wow. See, never write our count your chickens until they smash. Careful. So a 155, we're in exact. In fact, what I'm going to do is I'll do the break like a little bit of such a short break anyway, because we have no spots radio. You know what I mean? Uh-huh. Nice call for that QM cells department. You guys, you can't complain about the job you guys are doing because you don't really speak in you ain't doing it. What? So here's a funny thing. I go out to make a copy of what of that. Facts, right, you know, including my hidden copy that no one has said time records of Jack and she has a web happy to be sitting right next to the copy machine talking to somebody. So I just gave her the copy of it. And, and nothing, and there you go. Oh, well, maybe she can wipe her back down with it. Or she can find someplace else to stick it. Although it might be get a little bit crowded. Let's see, Ray Denzel from Wellington. Does he kind of would Denzel watch anything? Maybe? He said a good thing happening is that the grand jury has convened investigating the outgoing, uh, Oh, the outing of the lady's C.I. agent. Valerie Plain. I saw an article on it. At least the wheels of justice are moving that regard. Number two, what happened with the Polymerial Book with the talk of Bush's plan of a debate or act from day one? They quiet now. Number three, when I watch Bush nowadays on TV, you can see that he's under tremendous amount of pressure on comfortable and look that he'd rather be any place else. May he get his wish. And I would say, I'm saluting. I'm going right. Don't forget vote 15, 20, maybe even. 30 times, November the tooth. So we can make that picture under the land supper. The truth. Say goodbye. Bye bye. Back to Crawford, baby. It lost. How are we just saying about screw-in? And she's a bitch? Yeah, well, we know that. In fact, that's the reason we got this situation in sales department that we do is because of her. Because she is probably she's out of the building is great. And this ain't all the other crap, you know. She's got, she's got that long resume. Mm-hmm. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Yes, sir. We'll quick. Stings to album sacred love. He's got a song called This War. So you can get play it. Oh, sure. No problem. Coming up in a couple minutes. You got it? Oh, I'm sorry, wrong disc. 560560, palm 560 on a AT&T. Oh, I'm out. I think I got it right here. I am seeing the other wounds and I am dead now, but that arena though when nine was alive. I will need to do the boring with it. Well, let me know. No problem, pal. Anytime. Okay. I'm just taking a look at this couple's contest because I have never seen, we got, well, almost 12,000 votes. Let's see, 2778, 2718 as one of these couples and their friends have been very, very busy. And then we got 2442. So I think spots one and two are safe, not necessarily where they were before. And the three I think also was safe. So, yeah, it's just a question of who's going where? See what I'm saying? Maybe. Maybe. I don't want to let you get accused of just continue on here to 155 and I'll let you know when it's still a done. They'll see it on. Let's talk to me. Gramm retirees from the Senate after this term. He folded his presidential campaign and I've been on our side. I've been on our side on a year, about a half an hour ago. I'm wearing a rubber. Okay. So there's Bobby Graham on CNN. He says, you want me? You got me. And we want him. Guaranteed winner in Florida. I'll bet you Greg's life on the show. So, what do you do? Hello. Yeah. I just got the yesterday, the price of loyalty that four tape series on the polo neo. I'm really, really skating. I mean, just to show how this guy's nothing more than a big cater. And he puts people in place so this way it looks good. But he doesn't listen to anybody. He's got his own agenda with Remst felt and and. And what he got, Cheneyman, don't leave out Cheney and he's got. He's probably up. They could do bigger dirt bags and that's the one. He's pulling all the strings from behind. That's why you never see him no more. He's all in hiding, pulling the strings. He's yanking it. That's right. Everybody by the book. Okay. Thanks. It is a good book. It's a little bit disappointing when you get into the way. Yeah. It's okay. It's worth reading. I bought it right away. And I read it. No, it's in. It wasn't quite as shocking as I thought. And then, of course, on the LA, they got see one thing. You know, it's like when Colin Powell said, well, if I wouldn't know that about no way WMDs. And then like a couple of hours later, well, regardless, this war is worth fighting. I mean, they, I think, make everybody an offer they can't refuse. Especially when it comes down to, in other words, dummy up and get on the bandwagon, get with the program or you know, you'll sleep with the fishes. Maybe you look abrociably. We're in the same fest pretty soon. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound five. And of course, we know that presidents and senators don't kill people, Michael, right? Okay. WMDs. And get only a band. Yes, sir. Hey, I got a, uh, some bag and I got a comment. Okay, go ahead. Some bags, uh, stop good news. Oh, good one. And a comment is, oh, you're a family. I'm not sure which one I like better. The comment or, hi, how are you? Not good. And how can we have left Doc off it here? Oh, you know what? I haven't played to this. No, it's not bad. Right. But it's coming up soon. Because that's really fits it with Darrell and Doc good and the whole, and whole bunch of lunatics. Yeah, but we got a run. To you, that's all I have to say about that whole deal. Okay. I'm nauseated. I'm delighted. I will never ever watch a baseball game again as long as I live. I don't want to see a pitch. I don't want to see nothing unless there's somebody good looking on there. Like that left hander for the Tigers a couple years ago. What that was his name Josh? You don't know who I'm talking about. That left hander of pitcher, you know. Yeah. Why don't you know? He can't hear you. You can't hear you. You can't hear me. No, he's shaking his head. Oh, I heard him shaking. I heard him shaking. In fact, I heard the sounds of a marble rattling around. I thought maybe a great team. Come to Q.A.M. Hello. New. Yes, sir. I, I, I, I, I Justin Thompson. Oh, what a memory I got. Justin, remember him? I got one for your poll. Go ahead. I think it might be the first female about Tonya Harding. Excellent sports come back. Good one. Very good. I don't know how we forgot. All right. How you exactly? Oh, hey. I'm a little bit slow. I'll break James pitch. Oh, it's a beautiful thing. Tonya Harding. And who was the other one we just put on there? Rick James. No, that'll come on. Oh, seriously. Who just put on there? Not Rick James. James. No. He just displaced everything else in my head. 567. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. They're not going to touch OJ. I'm going to tell you that right now. Of course, nobody want to get close enough to touch OJ. It's maybe Sam. Remember Sam? Yeah. Yeah. OJ 307, Mike Tyson 170, one or six, not even close. And George W. Only 58. Well, they're given George W. Break that it is. So it's seem connected with sports so much. You know, it was your favorite of the Rangers for about five minutes. WQAM. Hello. Hi, have a who's scary or question for a meal. Okay. Is this meal? Yes, it is. Oh, hi, Neil. Great to talk with you. I love the show. My question is who's scarier? Call, though, Dick Cheney and Donald Rumpsell. Or Ed Meas, Don Leigh, and James Baker. Or Paul, then Earl, like man, all the men, Earl, man, and deal. Hold on, then Mitchell and Dean, right? Yeah. Which is a miracle. I'll do that pull one day. Okay. Thanks, Paul. And have a great day. Of course, it's a time thing again. So naturally, they'll stick with the current crop of Nazis. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's funny because John Dean wasn't that bunch with the Holdman Earl, and in fact, we used to have that record. Do we ever have it recently or not? Holdman Earl, McMine and Dean? I don't know. I guess it goes way back. And John Dean went to prison, of course. Then all of a sudden, he never even did get religion like the other ones, but he got this smart. And he's one of the biggest critics of these are fascists of the Neocons. John Dean, we had a lot of good articles by him on the A website. In fact, of Howard Dean, we're only as sharp as John Dean. But he's not. WDQAM, hello. How you doing, Neil? Pretty good. I'm 64 years old. I would like to get, I've got something for your pole, but I was, you know, if you'd ever have a senior's hot body, I'm still in pretty good shape. Well, we got one senior couple on that thing. Yeah, I mean, I'm not very wrinkled at all. And I think me and Betty could possibly take a first. Yeah. For his prize, I think he gave him that blue ribbon, George. Get the address instead of that blue ribbon. Oh, I thought that was a dress. So we can put right on Betsy's chest. That's it. Oh, Doc, we had a Doc and then, Tony Harding. Okay. And Stortenate balls and Tony Silverhammer. And we're just about almost done. Oh, funny till two. But we got that hot couple's contest man. There's some wild hysteria going out with that. This is he who's going to be Nubano Uno. Come on. Come on. This is 4'25'60' You're going to do a game. Good. Good. Ladies and gentlemen. Please welcome the two newest new ones. The newest New York young piece. Doubtal will strawberry. I'm Dr. Goodenate. And the personal coach. Steve Harlow. Harlow. That's right. I know. Doc Goodenate in the wind. The straw man snorts the line up. He's drooling like a dog who heard a bell. He's high as a lab rat from smoking the crack at a bat. He does him like cocaine just likes the way it smells. Stortenate balls. D'Hirals rolling up the 20s. No. He's ball. And he's given good and plenty. They lick the 20 dollar bills. And their teeth are grinding like a pepper mill. So when he balls out the horn and pills. He's the star. Steve Harlow is in the bullpen. His nostrils are wide open. He's so fucked up beating Caesar on the braids. He gets advice from Doc. And Doc prescribes some rock. So first he blew a line in the anti-blooders. Say, snortenate. But they abuse the magic outestortenate. Both sprinkle it on that clam chowder. Rescriptions got the pitch of roll we fell. They do it in the bull if they had gills. Doing eight balls. Out the horn and pills. All have money. Eight balls. Out the horn and pills. I like a weapon. You all aboard. Mission manager. But. Aye, buck. The buck stops here, man. 144 at 5.60 WDQM. We got the man dog at 2. The Humper. The Hebrew. What is it? Hebrew hammer. But he- What a lie. I found a little tiny tiny dick on the Hebrew hammer. At the fore. Then at 7 o'clock we got panther. The panther is the money. Many months ahead for a season. It's never going to be played. Panthers at the penguins. 730. Any camp to the game. Then we got that awful sporting news radio. That very jackass is really pork off about. Go to bed and get some sleep. Very okay. I guess mommy has to wake him up like 2-3. And he afternoon every day so we can get a story in the hero. This story from Tampa. I love this. We never talked about this yesterday. In her late 70s, Del Baker Motors on from a new Tampa streets. Comfortable behind the wheel. Just to respect it to pass around I-75. You get on the interstate. You take your life in your own hands. He says none of us seniors drive on the interstate. So then not going to kill you on the interstate. They will kill you the one like all the secondary roads or why you're sitting in the restaurant. Baker knows her limits. But according to a new AAA study, elderly drivers are at a much higher risk of accident. How about that? What a shock. What a surprise. And because of their frail, the driver's older than 85, and nearly four times more likely to die in a crash than middle-aged driver's mom. The colon misconception is that older drivers are endangered others, but the reality is older dangers that drivers are endangered themselves said Bella Dinsar, a crippled director of traffic safety. The news wasn't all grim in the study released Wednesday by a tripletist foundation for traffic safety. The drivers in their late 50s, nearly 60s are among the safest on the road. Like yours, truly. And of course you can't complain about my drive in here because I don't do any. Take him to a safer net. This comes as no surprise to Baker. We're all safe drivers, he said. Just like a rainman, we're very good driver. Excellent drivers. A lot of people see seniors and think we're going to be crawling along with a question of walker sticking out the car window. The crawling along part is right. Because Marie shot 67 of Tampa has begun to be in canterrax. She's cut back on night driving, but an even nonhermoid road loss still drives. But with care, he's very cautious and this one of main road shots says she hardly drives faster than Bob. Right. And of course if the speed limit is 45 and she's driving about 30 in your pissed off, like on Dale Mayberry for example. She's too little longer like in the middle lane about 30 about 25 probably about me 18 miles an hour. See, I'm going to say again, it's the older people. It's not so much that they're in the accidents or do the drive thru's through your restaurant or whatever, which they do plenty of that. But they cause so many more accidents that are never even counted. They're moving hazard because they frustrate other people who are one and at least what I like to get over there going before midnight. You know, this is about 10 in the morning. And they frustrate other people to make sudden moves and dart and try to get around them in like they're like a road obstacle. They're like putting a whole bunch of like an obstacle course in the middle of each and every road in South Florida. How about a QAM? Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I'm going to tell you something I got a lot to talk about, but Mel's Dad says I got to go home and so yellow stars on my shirts. That's son of a bitch. I can't believe what's going on with this guy. And then they say, oh, it's not in the Atlantic. His dad, I believe my dad alone. He said he said he said his daddy never lied to him. Yeah, daddy never lied to him. The revisionists. I'll tell you, this guy post stuff on the internet news groups that makes you want to puke. Yeah. You see the student names. He starts saying all this garbage. You see it all over the place. And there's a lot of them out there. There's a lot more idiots like that out there. No kidding. Oh, they're doing. They're doing your during the Holocaust. Find some more on. Try and mix up out of me, bitch. How about a lampshade? Let's see, here's a thanks to suggest a quick observation on the hot couple's consists in the future. Perhaps the internet votes to determine first place then second place should be the side of the vote between you, George and maybe Eric. Why is that? Internet voting polls are too easily corrupted. No. I searched the internet for a program that makes my computer look anonymous to any pool. There for a vote over and over again. This is what happens. A peer is this happening. Some of the top couples on the pool. Just relax. Okay. Facts. Everything will be fine. Also, this is not a hot couples contest. Some of the other have these couples could use a serious makeover. I want much in a hint names. Well, you know, if they think they're hot, maybe they, you know, maybe did the each other their hot or maybe even not. Signed a couple is in the contest who is not cheating by voting for themselves over and over again has a high number of votes. Well, good. I understand they're a little upset, but it says I wouldn't announce this part of the year, but oh, I see. Okay. Thanks. We know that. I mean, you know that our front is not that you know what to control that. That's the thing with the internet. Right? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? So it's just a question of who's most determined and who's got the most friends and who's got the most time and who's the most desperate and who wants it. It's just for fun. Anyway, I mean, you wouldn't have a couple of nice trips there and dinner with the pizza lock. I mean, I'm not saying that the pizza lock is no great shakes. It's just fine. It's wonderful and you'll be paying more than the rumors, but nevertheless, but it's not like the end of the world. I like we're giving you a trip around the world for two and fifty thousand dollars in cash and stuff like that. That'll be on the next trip. And again, if we can just cut Boka Brian back a little bit more. My life and love all this is for two and a half six. Where still the big ice-coated man is such a dirty trade ton, you're price to win. She was second best and it felt so, oh, oh, oh. Nancy Carrigan, the bitch was gonna win again, Tom Yapplux, revenge. Pious out a henchman and oh, oh, oh, oh. If Nancy K was leaving, we ring. She's locked up from behind. Bang, bang, Tom, you still the hammer came down upon her knee. Bang, bang, bang, Tom, you still the hammer made sure of victory. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. I'm in big little round on you. It is an ugly crowd, but I've never moved. She can find the groufes of balance. She forecos a bandlegs aware you do the stand murder on her mind She has never minded a challenge Oh, oh, oh, oh The crowd they make a break for the door But it's too late to run Dined, Dined, told you still but I'm just smashing in the head She wouldn't have to leave a little I might even have a real one more day She could have been a big deal 2048, Tom used up the party gate, St. Pete checks his book He gives for a look and he tells her, now, up, out, out She claims she's in his own place and has up and throws a 50 ton of tea on the line This guy's out the line that he's got to go, oh, oh I think Pete was turning a page, Tonya took her in Bang, Bang, Tonya silver hammer, hang, hang He does well, but gates can't kill no Saints and heaven and she went straight to hell It's a 154.5. I got my time of clock going here Dave, how much Jim is in the building? Hard away left one Let's sign my morning three point Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, he hit it I don't mean that was to three, I mean that was from the moon From the moon, from his restaurant about three blocks from here Dave, how much damn great guy got screwed over by the heat? Don't forget to bring the guy some home and touch him on the floor By the way, Dave, he's still near or not, he's in here Oh, anyway, Dave, cut it out Well, he might say something bad, you know, we're in a lot of time Prior to today, he could have said anything he wanted, but he's a party mom Here's the result, the final result of the contest, okay? Oh, and believe you me, a lot of these people were very busy They were motivated, a hot couple of contests, Monika and Brian first place, 2948 votes Second, Jesse and Jeffrey, 2735, you got those numbers in your mind? Got it So those two couples get the trips and they'll have to like fight between him Who's going to take what and the other one gets the other one, which is fine Carmen and Carlos are going to watch the rumors eat for free at the piece a lot But the good news is they'll be eaten for free too, 2444 third place Do I dare mention the other ones? Why not? I don't want to do them all, I mean, we think everybody who got involved, but it's too long Do I say I'm Sean, 2022 better luck next time guys, jizell and Rick 355 Aaron and Brandon, 311, who also tried last year, but tell me, yeah Like I said, if you weren't one of the winners this time, we got two more of these ideals coming up This, and we'll probably figure out a way, Eric, leave it there, he'll come up with a way So these people can't defeat that thing and vote eight million times What? We have these, okay? In fact, maybe we can contact on AskCrop and Michael Powell And if you vote more than ten times Michael Powell will personally come to your house and attack your bowels Karen and Joe had 300 and everybody else, I don't want to go through the whole list, but thanks to everybody And better luck next time if you didn't win It's a fun thing, it's not the end of the world, right? Right, it is a fun thing, right? And we have almost 12,000 freaking votes on there, which is pretty damn exciting Now, come Monday, I'm going to go through this DCS now, we're going to be able to play I think no one in this one, that one's okay, but this one is not Because I have a fact that just came in from Clarence, it's as far number four has been determined to be Two similar to a sound of actual human excavatory activity, but number seven just has that voice It's, huh? See number seven's the dry one, right? And what about six? He's, it sounds like it's have a little tail to it, so I'm not really sure No, no, it really does, it sounds like he's a little hanger there, but it's fine And you know what your own cropper said about those wire hangers Anyway, let's see, Joe and Mark, that's done, okay, they're their finito But we got some other big doons here George tomorrow morning, tend to noon at the best pro outlet located off On 95 and Griffin Road stop, I'd win Bass Pro gift cards and other prizes are usual Crampy QM stuff, but George will be able there to a minister to you I will, he'll be reading the scriptures and he's going to be wearing all his Getsky outfits, it's going to be great. Power and brinstone, right? And then if that isn't enough to keep you occupied now, the trouble Joe Costello Tomorrow afternoon from noon to two at Firestone tire, located at 110 northeast 8th street in the homestead, they'll have a race car simulator plus when our usual Very, very low budget QM prizes for its eopolages, probably if Booker Brian We'll give us money every week for those comedy bits that we play his, then we can have some even better prizes for you Maybe even some bumper stickers, huh? To promote the radio station. Don't go crazy. Right. Now the thing about the, I've got it over here, I'm tongue tied. The facts from the guy Paul? Yeah. Well, I'm sure you're putting in touch here. I'm sure screw-in, we'll touch him, she touched anybody. So we're gonna be... Roy! The facts just sent me off, you know, because it is so true, it is so right on target and it proves Beyond the shadow of a dude that I've been saying all along, man, our sales to probably is just unbelievable. How they billy about that they do, you know? Of course we got a lot of order takers, you know? They were just following orders. Like the Nazis. But it's a pretty disgraceful thing. So if they were like, maybe get one more spot on a week, okay? One more spot a week that would cover and then help a lot left over. The sales commission and some money for Greg to go play a gig, sushi. One more spot a week on a show that could cover that 50 bucks that the beeslees are so nervous about, because guess what? I'm not painted out of my pocket, no more, okay? I'm not gonna be the phleg, I always... If anybody had any idea, the amount of money that I show off to pay this one and that one and for this, I'm a tad of that crap. Follow what I'm saying? Yep. You know, you've earned it, especially about a 40 bucks a week you're making. And then Voka Brown gets well taken care of, but it's just the idea, just a matter of principle. It finally has to stop right here on fart number four, okay? Have yourselves the permit go out there and sell a little bit more instead of trying to cut back and cut back and screw it over, dump and screw it over this one, everybody also got the end building. Okay, Greg, while he's driving around his big damn egoicadoo there, whatever that thing is. Anyway, have a great weekend, we got the amadog coming along next to two, we got the hump, are they? He grew up... what is it? The he didn't even hear it. He didn't even hear it. And those Panthers, man, they got some nerve or what? Bye bye! Mr. Merry Catherine, Jesus Christ!