Why do you ask her? She said she showed them her ripples in laces and white blood beat dark. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children, so they would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, rep you sand litter from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her, I'd at the fellow, down by the dock. In the black-up man with a side-up hole home in the country with a big fence out front. If he asked her, unlikely she'd show him her little bet-dog who was subject to fit. And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender as with a movement so quick. And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy so tasty made of butter, sky. And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you can go f*** yourself. Amen! 10-02 at 5-60 WQM happy Friday March 12th. We just missed the March 13th, I am Friday 13th by a day. Allah. And the way things have been going is probably a good thing. Probably a dang good thing. Several fashes on the joint March situation. I just want to chastise some of my colleagues on QAM for two things. Number one, I don't find anything I'm using about the fact these guys got candid blown out. Number two, I don't take any satisfaction in the fact that there are other people who are like, kind of like, vultures being dangled over waiting to be put in that slot. Because I think the joint March situation may just be revisited in days very near or to come. And number two, it's just amazing to me. And like I said yesterday about CNN with this Todd Bertuzzi hit on Steve Moore. The people on our radio station, Gueldia, Spooned and Gueldia's been out sick or whatever last two days. He's not even on. So if you take all the sports there is on our station and put them together, what they know about hockey, you could stick in grid reads. Back though, I've room for the Chinese army left over in there, okay? But all of these people, well they all got an opinion in Todd, but they wouldn't know Todd Bertuzzi from Todd Dread. That's the mood. But certain people on the station are absolutely... Who is seriously a boy at hockey and think that it blows all of a sudden got a big mouth. But I don't think they're experts. Pick up, I watch more hockey in one night than the collected group, taking Gueldia side because he's not there last couple of days. The whole rest of these sports nerd group on that radio station in a year. Because they're not one of them that watches one complete game in a single year. Am I right? Absolutely. In fact, I think George is more on top of it, only because of rubbed off from this show. Well, Tom rather than wanted to, but he couldn't control it, you know, and no cheers. 1554 votes on yesterday's pool and a wide field whipped up to a frenzy today. You know, I just really do. Good. It's a good Friday. I do. Well, I give you a book, your frenzy would just a bill. Yeah, we'll show it. Now, aren't you sure you're going to again? Can there are some ignorant people out there? Would no Jessica be ill from Howard Beale? I'm a murder! I don't know what I'm going to say to you, but I don't know what I'm going to say to you. So get yourself an education or before I do the pool, even here's a little background. What I'm going to try to do each day when we have our sunshine, you're all behind the beaten curtain. It's behind the beaten curtain. You must be a team to take a puke at it. Okay? Don't be able to still crap. You better be a team. You better take a look at John Aschroff's push because he's watching. He's monitoring you. Anyway, Jessica Beale was born March 3, 1982, so she's 22 and nine days. Perfect. Got it? Yeah? 22 years old and nine days. Fresh. Oh, by the way. Yes, not Jennifer Beale's. Who's someone else on the outward, you know, famous and, uh, been a... Did I say Jennifer Beale? No, but when I was talking about her before people were confusing Jessica Beale. With Jennifer Beale? With Howard Beale? Yeah. She was born in Elym and a soda raised in border conalirators. She's five foot eight, her nickname is Jesse. Jesse Beale. Uh, it would seem natural for her to play the classic girl next door rules. However, the star of a kind of career in teen model prints after being discovered at 1994, Imtha Convention has struggled to break out of the confines of the good girl Persona. Her breakthrough came when she was cast in Aaron Spelings, WB production 7th heaven as Mary Camden, old at 7th heaven, Manhattan, Oman. There's something for everybody in that show. Although she gained considerable attention for a work on a show she began increasingly frustrated with her role, blaming her saintly image for the loss of leading role that American beauty to throw a birch. Teating her character in the series was willing to film career despite a role in a claimed drama OOE's gold, Beale attempted to get out of her contract when a pre-produces refused Beale turned to gear magazine where she posed, stark naked. Oh no. The controversial cover in Photos spread. Can I say spread? No. The photo. The controversial photo. Result in relieving the TV series by mutual consent. Unfortunately, Beale's film career did not take off as quickly. Only as she had hoped and she frequently opposes a guest on 7th heaven. And let's see. Goes on with a list of summer for her. She excited and terrified moviegoers last fall with her portrayal of leather faces greatest domestic state as Aaron and new line productions remake of Texas chainsaw massacre. Having just finished re-filming blade trinity, in Vancouver with Wesley Snatcher-Rion Reynolds and Chris Christopheerson, she's recently transported to intensely cut and trained body of a vampire hunter killer to Australia to fill the uniform and project the integrity of one of the film's first female jet fighter pilots in Columbia Sony Pictures new film, stealth 2005. Would Josh Lucas Damie Fosson Sam Shepherd. Oh my god, it's a turf film career began in age 14 when she played alongside Peter Fond and his gold globe winning performance U.L.s gold. Other film credits include I'll be home for Christmas. The summer catch rules of attraction which is just fabulous. Summer catch and I just said that and the cellular. Did you say catch? Summer catch is what I said okay catch rhymes with patch. Hey and do a latch. Anyway, net. Fifteen hundred plus of votes on the poodle yesterday. What butchered word or phrase bugs you the most really just lost your fat ass. Axe your fat acts. Let me ask you a question instead of ask 766. It really that I mean there's nothing even close. Let me ask you something. So anybody who's listening no matter what you're where you're from what your whole deal is stop saying that because people think you're stupid when you say that. Let me ask you something and we have people call on me shows all the time. Hey, I want to ask you a question. No, if you want to ask me, I'm going to run like hell. Okay. Sounds like something from the Texas teen saw massacres right to that. Other. Other post. 766 nuclear instead of nuclear 220. Of course, our esteemed president president dimwit. We always said nuclear. 220. So those are the only ones in triple digits. Irregardless instead of regardless 72. I could care less instead of I couldn't care less 59. Especially instead of especially 47. Especially for you. Supposedly instead of supposedly 35. Josh screwed up though. He forgot to put on a sublimable on here. Oh, well, let's do it again. Yeah. Relator instead of real or 32. Srip, shrimp, shrimp. Instead of just shrimp 32. My amy 28 library 27. Venus as in monkey Venice as in Greg Reid's monkey Venice instead of business 26. Splane let me explain somebody instead of explain 20. Well, that's a Jamaican thing. Oh, I'm so glad we got that under because that just drives me not wild. Ting. At that thing. 19. Whitt instead of whitt as in getting jiggy with it. 18. Idea instead of idea now with all the respect of the candies. Idea. 17. Jura instead of juri 15. February 15. Valentine's. I mean, only really stupid stupid people would say Valentine's day with an amy instead of an m 13. Birthday instead of birthday 12. Something. A, uh, something instead of something 11. A cross instead of a cross like the dog ran across the street. 10. Uh, mood or move point instead of mood point nine. Stelt instead of spelled nine. Did anybody ever tell you what spelled his? No. Well, what a bunch of losers. Welfth nine instead of roof. Samage. Nine. Toad instead of toad. I've been toad a lot of crap. Six. Successful and does successful five. Toad for your own set of peripheral four. Excetara instead of et cetera. Excetara. See, et cetera. Some of you take when you got a bad headache. Four. Miss TV. Instead of mischievous two. Probably instead of probably two. And so as in thotable instead of throw had one. That's pretty interesting. Should some good time? Sure. What? Yeah. Should some good thing you found that? Speaking of killing some good time. What do I have some a lot of stuff today. In fact, everybody at two am just take their pants down. Ben over and Barry's going to kiss your back. Right now. I know it's a little bit disgusting. It's obscene, especially some of us. There's some people at QA meter want to think of bending down and burying their back. Bottom. But Barry wants to licky licky all of us. And does I have a job in here all the day? WQM. Hello. Oh, well. I got on the work. Yes sir. This is QAM. Yes sir. I know this is kind of an accent. But the way they destroy. You're just a big boy. Yeah. Good one. Thanks, pal. Alright. Don't have some coffee. Go to Starbucks and have some coffee. Enjoy. I don't like people to say enjoy that. That bothers me. Enjoy. You don't need to say that. Rick Alpo used to say that. I don't know. I just don't know. It just sounds so silly. It's so gratuitous. Enjoy. Enjoy. What is it? I mean, what is that mean? I'll enjoy it. I want to enjoy it. I'll decide what I'm going to enjoy it or not. Now let's see what you got. Enjoy. Here's the poll today. And I'm sure we'll get a whole bunch of others from the one we did. That's okay. I don't care. Anything we've heard from good time. Because believe you, we had other the present circumstances. We're just here even more so than ever before. For the cash. Just give us the check. Thank you. And that's it. All of arrest is just pony baloney. We're not here to entertain. We're not here to abuse you. We're just doing a best we can under impossible circumstances. And let me just tell you Democrats out there. Congratulations on a magnificent job yesterday. Oh, yeah. In the house 391 to 22 on the indecency Bill and the House of Representatives. It passed with flying colors. I mean 391 to 22. 22 Americans and House of Representatives. How to 435 get the ball's to stand up to this fashes. And that's going on. Oh, no. The Democrats will not do this. He's right. They're rolling over a faster than screw in. Here's the poll for today. What do you think was the best remake of a hit song? I like that. I mean, they probably won't like it because they always hate my music. But does that have to be my music or you music? Anyone they like? I'll talk about taste. Right. I only put three on here to start. Locomotion by Grand Funk Railroad. Locomotion by Kylie Minogue, which we played a little yesterday. And see if love by the honey drippers originally by Phil Phillips, which was much better. But nevertheless. That's just to get started. Right. I put blinded by the light on there. Manford man. Manford man as opposed to Bruce Springsteen. Yeah. Blinded by the blight. He's a bird. His version of it. Yeah. Coral. Yeah. Well, do you understand the question? What do you think was the best remake of a hit song? Well, there you go. That's Springsteen did his first. He heard he wrote it. I didn't know that. Yeah. It's Kakak. But that's a long time ago. That's their old song, man. Fritz Man. Anyway, 1013. Let's say you're getting over here. We got a lot of fish to fry. Hell, you horse racing fans and poker players. Pompano Park racing in Card Room is about the gambling action you be looking for. Just a half mile from both I and I. And I. Five in the Florida turnpike. Pompano Park is easy to get to a best of all. Pompano Park features free admission and free general parking every single day of your life. Live harness racing in the poker room is open every Monday. Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday. Like tonight in tomorrow. The poker starts at noon. Go on till midnight. All you old cockers out there. Live racing gets underway nightly at 705 including tonight. Every Monday night. There's a two for $25. Dinner special outstanding food in the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor. Every Wednesday night is down a night for draft beer. So this hot dogs and more. Every Thursdays. Ladies night with two for one drink specials for the ladies. And also every night of the fourth floor. Players room. There's a 795. Played Dinner special. Every live racing night. This week is our Luke Hayawik and Pompano Park. And honor of the island to praise. New is casino. Our Luke Hayawik and Pompano Park are on Grand Baham Island. They're going to be given away five trips for two including airfare from Port Loderdale. A two night stay at the Sheridan Hotel and Golf for two. Plus each night five other winners will get tickets for two on the newest high-speed ferry. The cat that sales daily. Two Grand Baham Island from Port Everglades. So plunger guts out. Maybe get even nicer lucky when one of them prizes. And Pompano Park a block south of the landing polar guard on Powerline Road. Don't forget great saddle casting every day. Two starting in noon seven days a week. For the erase schedule call 9.549722000 or go on a web at pompanopark.com. Don't forget post time tonight 7.05 at Pompano Park. Give a fat rich a big high five for us. My life and love. This is Port Radio by 60. We're in way. Oh. Were you drugs packing? Yeah. And here's the youth. Mr. Farfogl. The cupbers bounce on spot in your little. Oh. Oh. God bless you please. Mr. Farfogl. There's a hefty fine at you will pay. Don't worry. Don't worry. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Well you have a criminal record in our police files. If we have you come to help yourself. Look around you all you see. Our dilated eyes. If you're getting strong, do it in your own home. And here's the youth. Mr. Farfogl. The cupbers bounce on spot in your little. Oh. Oh. Oh. God bless you please. Mr. Farfogl. Puss on and don't sure not spot through way. Hey. Hey. Oh. Hey. Hey. Ten 18 at five 60. Oh yeah. This one had a little pot. Now what had a little pot. This one had a. Pinchoy. Oh. Come on. Already grow up America. It's all part of the same syndrome. The same childish human house syndrome. When you people got to grow up. Oh, the land of the free. Yeah. When how was that? I must have missed that. Very jack. I better take a couple of calls before getting all this heavy duty stuff here. Because there's so much stuff being written. We got a whole pile of facts. Is here about Joe and Mark. There's stuff being written. Of course about the new, uh, the fourth right, which is, uh, taking away all of our freedoms. One by each. W to Q. Hello. Yeah. I'm. Yes. Speaking. Yeah. I would like to go on on your phone. Go ahead. I wouldn't use this. I would always love you. I would always love you. Whitney Houston. You got it? Yep. You got it? I got it. Who did the original? Right. Well, who's, uh, on first. I didn't know there was, uh, other one. Well, we should probably ask them. Should we? We could have. I mean, the way you said it. So confident on you assumed that you would tell me. I've got it. Right. You said sure. I want to love you. You're Houston. I'm not going to argue with these people. Did you see nothing? Are you with dark people? Is that what we just said? With these people. These and them and those? Yes. Well, shame on you, man. What is wrong with you? CD. Um. Well, I'm looking it up. I'm trying. But I'm not. There's a problem here. Record title. I will always love you. I'm ready. I can't even find the eyes. I find the nose. Let's see. I. I. I. I. I. I. What is that? It was the same thing. I. I will always love you. Uh, I will buy you a new life. Ever clear. I will always love you by what in Houston. I don't know anybody else done that song. Me either. So what he's talking about. I don't care. I should ask him. So what is it? Is seven oh five what? So we're not going to put that on course we're not going to put it on there. There's no. We make. Maybe he just likes it. I guess I don't know. Maybe he likes all that catarrolling. W to q a m hello. Hey. Yes sir. George? No, it's Neil. Neil Rogers? Yes. Hang on, let me turn this down. Neil Rogers? Neil Rogers, that's my name. Okay. I have something for the Paul yesterday, it can get through. Yeah. The most commonly used we've done in phrase in the history of being with languages. Yes, sir? The reason why? They're the word, why being of course redundant. Right. And every newscast that uses it, every sportcast to use it and to knowing itself. Well, leave out the... Why? Exactly. Well said, Paul. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Leave out the... Why? You might want to eat it though. Why? Where they got a blue plate specialist month I'm here, but do not put the reason why? The reason being? It don't belong there. That's a good one. WQAM, hello. That, Neil. Yes, sir? Just a couple of things. I personally never heard of something called spell. Other than use incorrectly. Smell. Yes. Fish. But spell business. That's nice. I try calling, but the name is that, it's probably the most, something that's been named, and for me. Hell, and for me, yeah. Oh, y'all something. That's another good one. We'll do that. Pull one day next week. Name is ridiculous name that just bug the hell out of you. Right. And for me is clearly Anthony, right? No, we already, we've revisited over and over again. Yeah, but we need to tell them what the name... To tell them... Those people, people's... Yeah. What Anthony? It's not Anthony. It's Anthony. Okay. Get the honey Anthony. Not Anthony. Oh, I guess who I was denied that he has never properties a Lawrence Phillips and mommy says, oh, they're picking on Lawrence Phillips. Yeah, they come back to Canada, so we can show up for his court appearance. How many court appearances is Lawrence Phillips's got this month pending? About third man. Yeah. Well, I'll tell you, let's see. Here's one. It says, I'd like to add a song to your list. Do we make a Donna Summers I fear love by the blue man group featuring Venus Homm? What? Okay. I'm the blue man group. Yeah. They're performing artists. They live in Vegas. They're performing artists. Well, there you go. There's one. I'm telling you, we never got this fact. They sent it yesterday. They say, but we didn't get it. So anyway, cause for because, cause, yeah. As in, like, like Afroman, cause I was high, which of course we can't play anymore. Well, uh, well we can play that first one. Oh yeah. Well another part. Okay. That's all you're ever going to hear that. No, no. Hmm. Patec, panically for particularly. Patecly? Okay. That actually. Oh, it's a good thing we're done with this. Let's see, spell. Middle English from old English from, no, this is not, uh, you're wrong. That's not it. I mean, that's another definition. Uh, chiefly British passed in pass participle of spell. The British actually say spell. Can you believe that? What a bunch of Dodo birds, man. The British say spell. Yeah. I spell it wrong. Oh, god. How about if you smelt it wrong? That's smellless. Good, god. Those silly brits. That's where our problem comes from. That whole pure tenical stuff, you know. Queen Victoria, all of those other queens. That's where the American problem we're going back with in time. Where revisiting our ugly past. I'll get to that very jackass thing. Let me say it again. Very everybody in the stations got their pants down around her ankles. Waiting for the big kiss. That's a good one. Oh, man. What a job. WCWM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm going to listen to the people at one or out saying, all you got to do. All you got. Yeah, all you got. And I'm going to go get me some. Hey, I mean, too. Maybe a little bit later. Thanks. Ha ha ha ha. Are we dumb or what? Absolutely. Yeah, as dumb as we want to be. How the hell do you want to be? I don't know. Right. I think we ought to start being proud of being dumb. Why don't we smart? Let's rate it. Go with the daughter. Yeah, he went fishing too many. He had Mary's Fred or maybe it was one to two few. He would have said one more. He had Mary. So we're going to get hand to the virgin Mary. Would it come just swoop it in there and black them bullets? Damn it. Now that I think of it was there. One bullet or more than one bullet. I think it was just one to the back of the head. So that's not to watch it again. And Michael was pacing inside and looking out the window. 560, 50560. We got very jackass. We got Jim Sarny who wants to join Mark Badger. Jim Sarny says free, Joe and Mark. Oh, I was going Jim. I'm starting to like Jim Sarny a little bit because he's not on the payroll. I mean, we got to, you know, newspaper people on a payroll, right? Yeah, the most. Yeah, yeah. But unfortunately for us, Jim Sarny, Amy on the QM payroll, like very jackass. He's not just a mouthpiece for Greg Reed. So he actually writes his opinion once in a while. Nice going Jim. Free, Joe and Mark, we'll get to that. We got Tom Jico as more comments about how we're the stern master. In fact, speaking of Howard Stern, he threatened the quit of Bush signs the indescribable, which passed 1951 to 22 in the house yesterday. And now the Senate's got to finger that out and believe you me, Bush will sign it. He had a call on his show yesterday from Congressman Gary Accomand said that Bush would not sign a bill while Gary, I hate to break the news to you. He's foaming it the mouth way in the sign it. He's got the pen ready right now. He's got the old not the ballpoint pen. He's got that old ink pen. You know, the one that would have been a big deal. The ball, the quill. Oh, he's got one of those. That's right. That's how excited he is. Good way to sign that so they can pick it all of us off the year. That's right. Hello, have a nice day and we'll play some nice soothing music. If that's what they want, you know, just like, just like managed. No, seriously, because it's all about money now. I'm just, if he wants me to sing God bless America and face these in a jeep, bring up here. I'll do a man. Just sign them checks. Make sure they clear the bank like the one I showed up on Wednesday and that's it. Everything's just fine. You know what I mean? Oh, we're fine. Right. Because you can't fight city hall. But if you do want to fight city hall, you can go to neo-wrages.com and there's a neat thing on there that Eric put on there from somebody else. I know who we got that from. Casey J. J. Oh, that's that station. I will, right? That is. Oh, they're free speech at dawn. I went on yesterday and there's a list of addresses and facts numbers and phone numbers for people who are pissed off to call them. I forgot what all the Casey J. J. Even on the one discovered it. But anyway, Too bad there are the only ones doing it the rest of America is like, What do I look like that? Rollin' over. Just like all your good Democrats there in a house even though they're outnumbered. Twenty-two to sending votes on that obscenity bill. That's obscene. That goes to show you. We haven't got a Chinaman's chance. Twenty-seven after ten at five, sixty-wm-dynamacris knows nothing is more important than a safety of your family. Unfortunately, thousands of Americans die of a year in home fires involving mechresses. A common myth is that these are careless cigarettes mochars statistics however reveal that the vast majority of these fires are started by kids playing with matches. Sird and now offers a new line of fire retardum addresses called fire blocker to dramatically slow the spread of fires and give families critical time to escape. They're also more comfortable, durable and supportive than a receive once sacrifice comfort for safety. According to new regulations, all new matrices will be fire retardant with an ear until then. Sird is the only major brand exceeding this fire safety standard now today. Dalamacris is the only retailer can deliver a new Sird to fire blocker to you today. So call that toll free never like I've been doing for years for the same day delivery. It's a piece of cake called 1-800-Macris. Dalamacris is that Sird to fire blocker in the traditional double-sided design. So you get two beds for the price of one with double the protection. Dalamacris takes your family safety seriously. You ought to be doing the same and Dalamacris is proud to be among the nation's first retailers to offer this new line of fire blocker. Maekris is so just stick your finger in at hole and dial 1-800-Macris 1-800-MATT-RES or check about online at Maekris.com And local! This is 4-Traditional by 65. It's a be camping Raymond and such a beautiful night. I love nature. It's trip one stop. They're a constipated here. Tried fillers chocolate cream too. My name's Thila. It's your God-a-hearding. I am. It's great fun like many overnight nights. Those pills track the cleanages are stinging and spring. They smell natural. They work more naturally with your body for comfortable cramp-free really. Why are that face? Feeling better this morning right now. Whoa! So it's comfortable cramp-free really. 10. 32. 5. 60 WQM and now here's one. I don't get it. It says all along to watch Tower Written by Bob Dylan, performed by the Jimmy Humber's experience, which we know that. But what's the remake? Did Bob Dylan sing it for an hour? I know I'll need to do it. I don't think so. Just couldn't be one of those cases where they don't understand the question again. They definitely don't understand the question. We're not talking about a song that somebody wrote like for example, Love will keep us together by the Captain and Slamila was written by Nelson Acca. I mean, the fact that he wrote it and of course that's something album he did. He's saying it himself. But that's, they don't get it. In other words, here's the deal. What do you think was the best remake of a hit song? See, there's the operative phrase of a hit song. In other words, the song that was hit the first time, and then somebody came along and we done it. Did Neil Sedakau? I'm just using that as an example. Did he have a hit on level keep us together? No. Good example. Good example. Good answer. You see, FDFCC, which we say amen, and then he says, being in the title business, I come across these expressions every day, or words, after David, and there's a post-Affid David, and statue of limitations has opposed to statute of limitations. Those are two actual ones you see, I can't even thank you so much, Betty, very much. Now here we go. Here's a couple. That actually are legitimate. I think. It's going to take a lot of love, Nicolette Lars1979, original by Neil Young. Right? Right. Until there was you, the Beatles in 1963, the original by the Anxious Humphor Fogucanita Bright 1959. Go squeeze those oranges, honey, till there was you. Not one of the Beatles of best known songs, but it was, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was all right. I give it about two and a half. How many QAM? Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah, one talked to Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Um, that I will always love you. I think was originally done by Dali Park. We got like five facts as on it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, whomever. Okay. And I wanted to have the other thing. My wife has aggravated instead of aggravated. And we'revened. Yeah. Well, cyber I'm a little bit. Okay. Thanks. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six. Then she'll be aggravated. How am five, six, six, six, six on a A-NUSI that's terrible. Don't be saying stuff like that. Don't really slap around too much. Just a little tiny bit. Give her a tongue lashing. There you go. Oh, oh, see there we go again. Yeah. Yeah. I thought it was not when you used it. I believe it was not a part-and-not a part-and-not a part-and-not a part-and-not a part-and-not a part. Dali Parkans, I've got always love you, uh, I did it first. Okay. You've got to come 45 facts to send the same. Thanks, pal. Okay. Don't do it again. Okay. So it is legit. Dali Parkans saying it first. And of course, that must have been big. I got to play that, gotta play a little bit of that locomotion again after the break. Just a little bit of tiny bit of, I love Kylie Monogue. I'd like to. You know, like Kylie Monogue? That's a joke. I'd like to love her. I know that, but I mean, it's just, uh, I get a word for her. We give that a-ah! Jesus Christ Almighty, man. Jesus Christ. I guess I can cancel all my vacations from now on. Good. God Almighty. Here we go. Just a little tiny, a taste. Oh, see now I'm going to do it. Ha ha ha ha. How do that? Ha ha ha ha ha. How do that? Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Everybody's doing the band. That's mad. Oh, my God. I know you get to that game. You get to that game. You get to that game. Now you don't whelts to that Casey and a sunshine band and whelts. Oh, no, I gotta look at that. Why did I do this today? This is Friday and I'm making too much work for my show. Casey and a sunshine band. You remember that? We used to play that I would be. With some, uh, broad. Kate here it is. Uh, but it wasn't a hit. Damn it. You don't remember that? Yeah, I do. I just don't remember the broad. Ah, geez. And if I look at local motion won't be in there because it wasn't a hit. So at any rate, uh, that's another example. Cocaine by Eric Clapton. Who did the original? Uh, I don't know. I'm going to look it up. Better not be wrong about that rich. Is that rich, Packter? Yeah. It's all in the big fat piece. Oh, yeah. There's, there's nobody else listed about a cocaine. I don't know. I never heard of it by anybody else. Well, they don't have to fax us again. See, if you're going to send us a fax. Give us the fax, okay? Should I know what if is a remake then tell us who did it the first or if they did it a person somebody else We done it. Let us, uh, give us the information. Okay. We're going to order the reason for no. Our official famous day was talking to a TV. It's the Packter factor. I hear you wears lots of Max factors. So, let's just have it on a paper. Okay. Okay. Well, the reason I happen is because you just sent me 75,000 faxes here. Dolly Parton first thing I will always love you. Okay. Okay. And then what the Houston afterward parton. And then what he's version was better. Spell is a word. Past tense of spell. You have a nod in angle. She's it. I mean, American English? I think that's a joke. No. Oh, it's not a joke. It is the past tense of spell in England. It's his Lloyd. Dolly. Believe her. As past your target of Iris, I don't have time for that stuff. Now, I'll put it in the bottom of my pile. I got too many big fish to practice learning. Very jackass. Just kisses us all over the place. Boy, what a how much Greg paid him for that. Wow. Greg and Miami, not Greg. Great. Thank goodness. As Eminem's remake of Iris Smith's Sing For A Moment. Okay. Okay. Iris Smith's Sing For A Moment. I'll take your word for it. But you ever heard her? I never heard such a song. Did you? No. You never. Either. Either. I mean, I know a little bit about Iris Smith. I don't know what the name of the drummer is. But I do know a little bit. What does the name of the song? Sing For A Moment. Yeah. How about your first song? I think he's talking about Dream on. Maybe. Dream on is Sing For A Moment. Eminem. Eminem did Dream on. Yeah, he did. He remade. There's some song. Now, what did he just say? He even did. Yeah. He kind of drilled off. No, man. I don't want to say he's not quite sure of his facts. But nevertheless, Sing For A Moment. What does that mean? Sing For A Moment. What is that? I was supposed to sing for a long time. Okay. Okay. Like that? Ah, yes. Okay. So let's put Dream on by Eminem. See what we're doing if we're, okay, we're doing it right. Putting parentheses the original one and whoever. I know. No, we just put the name of the song and who we did the remake. I don't know the original. Woo. Okay. Here's an idea for Paul. President Bush had a campaign song. What would it be? Maybe head games by foreigner. World pigs by Sabbath. Live and let die in my carton. Let's give. Thank God for the bomb by Aussie. Let's give Jim. We'll put that in the bottom of my pole. Pile. I think we cut. We just got too much going on here all one time. Do I mean, pardon that. Yeah, we know. Why are you fetching me these? Jesus. Let's say something else besides. They do. It says, um, for best little whore house in Texas is what she done. I will always love you. Wanna go for her? Uh, why was good Carol Kings version of you got a friend out done by the James Taylor version? Oh, do I hate James Taylor or what? No. Now didn't she write that? Uh, I'm picking. Yeah, she wrote like a lot. A lot of stuff. And anyway, that's good. James Taylor you got a friend. Or now which one was first? Look at, I don't know. Oh, sure. No. I hate this. I just got so sorry that I did this. You've got a big fat. Let's see. You're 16. Uh, you've got me running. I got the runs. Gene Cotton. You've got a friend James Taylor. 71. And Roberta Flack and Donnie Hathaway. Uh, 71. But um. Later on, I guess. I don't know. And she says Carol King. I think maybe Carol King wrote it. I don't know. I just, I'm so confused now. I don't know the story. I'm right. You can't. Yeah, put a monitor if you wanted. If not, I'll leave it up to you guys. Okay. Whatever you want. Okay. Let's see. Two more for the pull. McCartzer Park, Donna Summer, the original version of course. Richard Harris. That's good one. Kurtzer Park by Donna Summer. Live in late die. Hones and roses. Originally Paul McCartney wing. Oh. Right. Don and Kurtzer for a lot of the day. I'll thank you guys. But when the Houston songs are we make of Dully Parton song. She wrote it. How about for greatest remakes. Jimmy Henderson all along to watch tower. And Guns and Rose is knocking on Heaven's door both Dylan songs. But were they hits for Bob Dylan? I guess there's only one way to figure it out. Okay. Yeah. That's look up. Frick and Bob Dylan. Okay. Bob Dylan. Alright. Here you go. Subterranean homestay blues like a Rolling Stone passatively forestry rain day with one and two. I just want you just like a woman. Lady Lady Lady Lady George Jackson. I'm laying Lady. George Jackson. Not going to heaven's door. Here. But I was good. Not going to heaven's door. Got it. Guns and Rose. Okay. Tangle up. I'm not the other one. Not the long to watch star. I mean he may have had an unalden somewhere. He made a sing it like an bar and a drunken stupor somewhere. But it would know hit. 1042 a 560 year confused station. Believe me we're a correct one. We say that QAS. 560. 380 your. QAS. QAS. Well he went out to eat. And talked to Tim Ruster. Fans at his gone up get into the race. John Kerry's crying. He's crying. He's crying. He's crying. He's crying. He's crying. He's crying. He's crying. He's crying. He's crying. He's just helping you smile. And around me the keeps getting. Right up in their face. Who's around me? He keeps on running. Democratic parties really bummed it. Who's around me? He keeps on running. She'll peek and see the victory coming. Who's around me? He keeps on spawning. Democratic blood. Gonna keep on falling again. He's gonna fall in all that. Gonna make it. Everyone raped me. He's gonna make it. I've been wanting to attack. Well he can't get elected. But the outcomes affected. Proud. Who's around me? He keeps on running. Democratic parties really bummed it. Who's around me? He keeps on running. Who's your peek and see the victory coming. 1047 at 560 WCM. Very jackass. The mouthpiece for WQM and Greg Reed. I think it's Greg Reed's illegitimate son. Right in a hero today. One station walks on air. It has been a thoroughly un-adventful 11 days of the WQM Zoo. Unless of course, you count Hank Goldberg's high-edits to parking lot incident that led to it. Four firings. Rumors of a Howard Stern pursuit and a scandal involving pictures of WQM host Mark Eisenberg and Joe Castella with naked women popping up on the internet. But you know what? No matter what controversy misfortune be false WQM, Fox Sports Radio 940 never capitalizes. And even though local businessman Carl Fosterman sits close to finalizing a deal with the SPN Radio to bring a third-all sports station to the Miami-Forelobe deal market, keep this in mind. Nobody has legitimately challenged WQM yet, and at beginning to think it's never going to happen despite the nuttiness that goes on there. All WQM has had challenges but they've been half-hearted at best. First, there was Tony Kent how Colata Yudes, ill-fated and ill-financed 1700 to fan, which couldlder writes any of the local teams and switches to Spanish religious programming. Then WRFX 940 came along, but parent company cleared channels only local pro team to heat was so unimpressed, and insisted its games here on sister station WQM, which otherwise doesn't carry sports. WRFX is talking with a game but don't be fooled, its priority is making money. That explains the cheap syndicated line up that features only two hours a day hosted by an actual employee Jorge Sedano, like his supermarket's though. You pre-occupation with the bottom line is why WRFX sold its morning show to foster until January, and our simultaneous Dan Salayo show for out of Orlando during that day part. Just as Sedano was beginning to develop a following, WRFX sold its valuable 3-6-PM block to the highest bitter, Zeta personality Greg Lamega, and former WRFX morning co-host John Weener, Stu Gats. They begin Monday, will face long rods and drunken listeners from Jim Mendes and Goldberg who returned to the year on Tuesday. Stu Gats. Nothing against Lamega and Weener, but it's difficult to take all sports stations seriously when it doesn't even use its own employees for the key acting in drive time. Sedano was good enough to be hired by Fox Sports Radio for a weekly national show, but apparently did not, though, not valued not by his bosses to get the 3-6-Lot of 940, instead he's been relegated to the 6-8-PM slot, which is difficult to understand. WRFX could have made a splash by having former dolphin linebacker Brian Cox, who impressed his rookie studio analyst on ESPN 2 last season, and has expressed interest in doing a talk show locally, or WRFX could have made a run at WRQM's Orlando Elzagiri, the big- Oh, who's opinionated well prepared, but those options would have been costly. Oh, who? Since it's not my checkbook, I can't play in cheap channel for way I want to make a book, but don't let WRFX falsely just there was serious challenge in WRQM rights very. Until they acquire rights to a local team, hiring an answer with any real name recognition, and stop selling airtime to people off the street, they're not going to make much of a dent. People off the street, don't you love that? Oh yeah, wow, that course do Gats. In the most recent ratings, WRQM ranked 17th among all the new 6-Amen that were the 2.6-year, and WRFX was tied for 31st with a 0.5, that's end. 0.5, an coveted male 2554 demographic, WQM was stirred with a 4.8, while WRFX was 25th with a 0.8. In the meantime, Foster said yesterday, he's finalized contract with investors, whom he declined to identify as well as ESPN radio, to create a third-all support station in the market. But it won't be different until Foster's tragedy with local station, perhaps Waxi 790, which I thought that happened like weeks ago. Oh. The station would carry a mix of local and ESPN radio program including Dan Patrick's 1-4 PM show. Oh God, how can we handle that? All the while WQM general manager Greg Reed can sit back and laugh. As he mulls a run at Stern's morning show, is he running a run at Stern's no? No matter what happens at this station, the Scott for Well Disaster, the pictures on the internet scandal, WQM remains the market's 800-pound sports gorilla with big name hosts, three of the markets pro teams at the University of Miami. Try as it might, WQM can't mess up. Oh, right. In fact, I think Greg wrote this, I don't think very wrote any of this. It says WQM will use sporting news radio program into replace Eisenberg and Castella who are fired Wednesday after internet photos of them posing fully clothe, would make it a dull entertainer's in QM studio last September came to light. I think Reed wrote that crap, don't you? I don't think a very even rights stick in word. Very just sitting there eating his bolognese sandwich that mama brown bag for a month to be morning and Greg's sitting there tapping it out on the computer. Now Jim Sarny at the Sun's table, however, was not on a QM payroll, doesn't work for beastly broadcasting and luckily for him holds no beastly stock. In an article that's mostly about Jigs MacDonald, is going to do the same Patrick's they panther game on TV and the rumor will do the radio because they're going to have a panther against the Islanders, the team that Jim broadcast for 75 years. But third man. So they're going to like, you know, kind of have farewell because Jigs is returning after the season and so Jim Sarny kisses Jigs asked and he's always one of the greats, I'm not sure you're not going to fool. But anyway, later in the article he says, Fridge Owen Marx is Jim Sarny put you and Mark back on the air. Cash double nice and burger our young and hip rock casters, they're firing by WQM over old internet follows was just plain stupid. I don't like that. That's what Jim Sarny says, Greg, he says you're just plain stupid. And of course the difference in East or Articles being that Greg didn't write the one in the Sun's Sentinel as opposed to the one that appears by his mouthpiece in a hero. That's mouthpiece with an F. Now we got facts is that the old shoot on this sexual march situation, which is good. Because there's a possibility what I'm hearing is that there may be a revisiting of that situation and there really ought to be because like Jim Sarny says it was stupid. It childish and embarrassing. I mean, that's the way you operate and begin in major market radio. That's somebody farce and right away you go into a total panic. Seems to me that sounds like the beastly eff and way to me. Join WQM in the big. Today, in fact you can ask them, are you going over there to Fox and he'll just land. Join today five to seven of these spread PCS wireless store at 8743 Southwest 136 Read in the Prado shopping center that's owned by your Prado right off US one across in the falls big. Oh, the big. Oh, we'll have Honda golf plastic passes, Panther tickets and free sandwiches courtesy of Atlantic City subs and our good friend, I will be the best and you're in George tomorrow. The sandwich a guy had known to to at any a cardied dodge at 2300 north federal high wind pump. No beats are getting the different crowd going to be there. A miles south Atlantic boat of our just passing voter ramma. George will have prizes of questionable value and across free sandwiches courtesy of Atlantic City subs. So join the summer to guy and his dogs Josh and Scott for food fun and hijing tomorrow. Josh and the no Scott. Well, like I said, there's more reason to come out. No Scott and a cardied dodge on federal highway and beautiful pop and a beach. George will pick here of the accordion. You bring the. Bocardi. 560560 pie. How we got all this. How are we going to get this into four hours? My God. We got a heavy fight. Plus we still can't figure out this podium. Really? So huh? What do you think was the best remake of a hit song? I will always love you with the Houston 8 blinded by the polite man for man 7. All along the watch tower, which I thought we weren't putting on there, but we did 7 to me. Hendrix. Uh, what just happened here? All along the watch are just shot up to 12. Knock it on Heaven's door guns and roses 7. If, uh, Taylor was you the beatle six. You better friend the anxious obnoxious James Taylor six. See a love by the honey drippers four. The Carthro Park by the end of summer four and everything else is just dribbling so far. It's just dribbling. And I made it out of the blue. Oh, little bit of rhythm and I love so. Oh, come on. See that song. I mean little Eva whichever version you like the best and grandfunk was great. Two, that song is one of the great songs of all time. No matter which version you like, I think all three are just fine. As Eli Wallach said the magnificent seven rights are facts for friend Ray. If God didn't want them, sure, and he would not have made them sheep. If one tries to cook a frog, one doesn't drop it into biting water. It'll jump right out. Slowly raise up heat and realize they won't realize till it's go to late. This is the new doing of her America. Why ask Ray? And then he says, and I, I would have got to check this thing out. How the bleep. That's the American fucking way. Hmm, I don't know. What do you think? I think I need to be able to play more terms with the thing about that. No, uh, we done. It says check out we are radio.com. I'm pity you were like it. Okay. Thanks Ray. Dolly part and original song I will always love you. Oh, it was a dolly part. I think it was a dolly part. My nomination to Beatles twist in shallow. I had to go to a twist in shallow by the, what's your call to eyes the brothers? Now I will say this. The eyes the brothers should, I mean, is there any question in which is the better version? Yeah, there's a question. There is in whose mind. You think the Beatles version is in the same league with the eyes Lee brothers, twist in shout. Mr. Two similar for me to care. You have to be dreaming. You have to be doing heavy heavy, heavy, do the medication. Well, that may be will must stop by this morning. Could drop off a good supply. Sorry. But anyway, no, that's a good one. We got that on there. We got to be ghost, twist in shot. This is going to be a real workout. 1057 at 560Q. Now what do we got online up today? The man dog at two. Let's hear. Oh, right dog is on. He's everything is safe. The hump or his on. And he bro hammer. That's enough. We got at 7 o'clock. The Rutgers Scarlet Knights and Mommy Hurkouan's baseball seven five tonight. And at 11 at the clock, it's any K for Las Vegas. Four hours for Hurkouan baseball. I forgot how long in Pondobas those games are. Sporting news radio, we say, with much this May overnight. And motorsports Saturday tomorrow 8 tonight, who's the host going to be? Oh, Josh. Josh, Darrell. No, Josh Cortis. Are you doing that show? Yeah, why not? I'm going to show you how to do it. Sure, why not? I'm going to be on the one floor. We're supposed to be in the O'Fly City. You, A-M. Holy Macanot. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Gaugh. Jesus Christ. Who is God? Oh. Are you going to make a sense of it anymore? Well, if you used to be the star of the equipment. And now he's making movies like the Christmas vision. People in the theaters are around to ask. It was all keep up for the naturalest man, Max. Jesus Christ. Love is star, Rex, Reen and the Pope give you a song. Jesus Christ. Take a look. Don't see the film till you've been the Pope. Jesus Christ. On the street. Where there was no heart to see. Jesus Christ. Deity. Finally, got your name and variety. Jesus Christ. Love is star. Are you with me? I'll give the stairs you all. 11.02.5.60. W.K.M. I don't think they understand this question. I thought it was, huh? Oh, novel. I thought it was pretty Jesus Christ. Straight forward. What do you think was the best we make of a hit song? I mean, the song was a big hit. Then years later, months later, 50 years later, whenever somebody came along. And we did it. Good job. I'll tell you what they hear. What's that? How many songs can you name me? Well, I've heard of man. Sure. Feel it all right to Joe Cocker version. But you see, when you facts this in and you say the Joe Cocker version as opposed to like the Alta Cocker version, there is no other version. Who else did that? I just looked it up in a book. There's nothing in my jaw board book. And that's good enough for me. So I'm Schmidt Kannon. Now, Beatles got to get you into my life. Or the earth wouldn't fire the remake. Okay? Okay. You got that? Got it. Okay. Here's somebody's daughter, Pierre. First big yellow taxi, counting crows. Got it? Got it. And Mrs. Robinson, the lemon heads. Well, thank God it wasn't the lemon pipe. Where's any way the lemon heads? Mrs. Robinson. Okay. Oh, well, what is this? Some other fact, see them on some website on the internet. Okay. That's bad. Oh, let's see. JJ Kale did the cocaine and then he reclap them. Okay. We'll believe you. Also love poison. Number nine was hit three times. What does that mean? Oh, love potion. Oh, love potion. Number nine. It says you love poison. Yeah. Well, potion number nine. Well, I know that. So what does that mean? What is that? They're not even coming anywhere near answering the question. Well, that's your friend, the rich. Slim rich. Proud Mary, I continue to turn her treating This is their water revival course. And I wish was the original one here. There's cretons. That's what I'm thinking. I know that for a fact. Okay. But I'm just looking at this list. It's like last kiss, Progen. That's what we got to put on there. Last kiss, Progen. J. Frank Wilson did the original, the most depressing songs ever. Don't we have that the Gary condo one? What else that called? Gary's last kiss. Huh? Something like that. One moment please. Yeah, there it is. Oh, we're all waking that shone to be. The lockers out on a home to scream. Yeah. But what I'm how shondry doing? A last kiss, Progen, is the group we want to put on there. Remake. Proud Mary, I continue to turn her turn to beat her around. I guess that's why I'm thinking about the original. Lou by you, Linda Ronstad, love Linda Ronstad. Man, she's great. Lou by you originally by Roy De Boy, which I got that summer hero. Guess what else I got? I don't have questions, y'all. By the eyes, the brothers in fact, I'm almost head to the go and run over to a record to somewhere in by and I'm still pissed off about the group. Test combo. The Beatles in F-S-Fong know I spit into a little song. Iasley brothers are absolutely outstanding and you better not thimus with them. I like the eyes of the brothers. Fine, well that's good. My way Elvis Presley, course originally by Frank Sinatra, who couldn't sing a note. I would rate that pistol version better. Greatest level of all. Whitney Houston, George Benson on the original he's dead. And let's stay together. Tina Turner, the original by Al Green, who's also, I should point out, very dead. Remember when Al Green died? No. Okay, how about when Bob Green died? Absolute number one we make. Oh, this is good. Dave the copies on a roll now. Jose Feliciano, light my fire. That was fabulous. Yes. I got the doors over here somewhere. In fact, we might play. Doesn't have to one. It's about seven and a half minutes long. Sure. No doubts we make of it's my life by talk talk. Okay, got it. No doubt. Yeah. No doubt he's got it. I would leave this all of the fine hands of Josh who's preparing for his golf show tomorrow. His racing show. His hockey show. His racing show. And he, you know, sure. Science by Tesla. Science. Get that. Going to the original science. Sure. Five nautical band. Right. Five man electrical bands. Oh, right. Every single here. He's not alive. Well, we got a parody of just about everything in the best part of it. It's some of them we actually still play. How many? About third man. That's how we can still play Woodstock. Don't he? Mitchell originally cross me still is a Nash. Now who did it first? Are you sure? About Woodstock? Yeah. No, I'm not sure. Look it up there. But I think it was done. Them CSNY. By the way, how's David Crossby doing? How's he recovered? Woodstock. Wonderwall. Woodstock. CSNY were first. Now wait a minute. Johnny Mitchell's not even listed here. Matthew Southern comfort. A year later. You ready for that? That was a top 30 hit. A top 30 man. Hit. So, um, I don't know. I guess I wouldn't put that under Woodstock by CSNY because I was the last one. You got that? Okay. What if you want to do it? I mean, this is all for fun. Anyway, we don't have some pain in the SP blood. Oh, when you got it wrong, you're well too bad. Suus. Here's our good friend, Jerry and Pony. Dispringces. I'd like to suggest love her. It's the best you make of a song. It originally be couldn't by the Evelie brothers. I sure liked the Evelie brothers a lot. And not necessarily just their music. It was written by Felice and Bordello Bryant, who also wrote, by by love and wake up little Suzy. She recorded it first and then, um, and the others. But it's a great hit. On Cadence Records. You know, who else was on Cadence Records? No. Andy Calb. Williams. Oh, Andy, my favorite. The remake I like was by Nazareth Loughher. It's shared recorded to be her version of Soctat says Bob Dylan did me Court all on to watch darn 68 and acoustic version. Henry's electrified in 69. What is on there? And it's winning hands down with already 23 votes. Thanks, Jerry. This is, I guess I don't have to mention the part. Well, what song is he talking about with Dolly part? Just a joke. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. What do you think was the best remake of a hit song, huh? And I still say that some of these are pretty borderline. If Madonna will pardon that expression because some of the ones were not really hit. But because all along to watch there, they want that because it's Jimmy Hendrix and they're all smokey. I think that one right now and they're having a good time with it. So why should we be on air parade, okay? As for Elwood say. No, that's not the one. I don't have the water pipe. I don't have water pipes. Sir. WQM, hello. Hey, Neil. I got one free poll this morning. Okay. Uh, how about Southern Cross? Probably still the Nash and cover pipes in me buff it. Okay. Thank you sir. Thanks, Colle. Have a great one. We can. You got it. Was the name of the song? We got it. Southern Cross, like the one we're going to burn on your front lawn if you don't cut it out. Um, I think I'm going to unplug the fax machine today. Why is that? We're getting 10 page faxes for the definition of spell with the words as big as your head and 10 spaces in between. Southern Cross, cross be still the Nash. Now which one was he saying? Spelt. That's what the S stands for in CSNY. Cross me, spell in Nash. WQM, hello. And make sure when you put it on your Josh at Spelt right. Yes sir. Um, I think the original version of cocaine was by DJ Kale. Right. Oh, you already got that one? Yeah. In fact, that's what the, that's what the dumb thing is. Was eating on a diet in Fatso. He was eating Kale. Yeah. Okay. Kale and chicken. Thank you. Was on your for you? Kale and chicken for me. Remember that? Yeah. What is that? Like seaweed or something? I can't stop the fat. Get the honey, Chul. Yeah. What a great movie. Another one of those unsung movies and a lot of people have, stupid people like your friend Miguel. He wouldn't get it. He's never been fat. He doesn't understand anything about fat or anybody. He wouldn't get. He just went on the standard. But you on the other hand who've had all your friends die fat. And even though you don't believe me, I was well on my way with stretch marks, Bosting out of my clothes until I saw him cut the crap. I've got stretch marks that actually they could make a road map out of. Yeah. Dirty. I look like a purple zebra of the my stretch marks. In fact, that Rich has got stretch marks for what I'm hearing that are larger than some communities in North Dakota. Smallville Mexicans in them. Right. WQM, hello. Hey, Elfaneal. Yes, sir. Happy Friday. And back to you. Thank you. I think I got one for your poll that will work. Okay. The original version was definitely a hit. So was the remake and the song. And the artists were definitely annoying. The cover was kind of a slap in the face, which was made by George Michael. That's really done by lift. Is it state? Yeah. Faith. Faith. Faith. Faith. Got a safe. Okay, pal. I'll be good weekend. And back to you. Faith. I've faith. Faith. Faith. As in state done away. Faith. No, not faith. Look it up. Faith. Okay. Faith. What am I saying? Faith. Faith. Faith. Okay. Faith is FET. Okay. Faith. By George Michael. Who's the remake? Let this get your favorite. Oh, no. Oh, no. I'm sure not have one of them would lunch. I guarantee that. They make me one of barf. Anyway, 12 minutes after 11 and of course, Fred Durst, the worst. Oh, speaking of that, speaking of the lunch work, good segue. How about some low carb biscuits? How's that sound? Some length biscuits. Or anything else with low carbs and no sugar? Join the thousands of South Floridaans who really have caught on to a great story that's perfect for your low carb or low sugar diet. The lights of my spokea, the number one low carb store on the universe and for good reason because they've over a thousand low carb products and stock in his one great store, including breads and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips and brownies for all you brownie hounds, chocolate, ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes and lots more. They are for the water solution. They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. You can try anything of a stir before your bite, which is kind of a nice touch. Instead of buying a whole bunch of stuff, taking it home and discovering you don't like it or it just has a certain effect. And they have a staff that knows dieting inside and not to got the most complete line of Atkins, brand products anywhere at the lights and the Atkins products are on sale. Today, a week from Shivouis all day every day. So if you want any of those low carb diets, here's the place to do a lot of shopping. Stuck out that the lights of West Booker, they're on the northeast corner of Glades in Forty-One in Boca next to Boston Market. You can call them Torefree, one, eight, seven, seven low carb, LOW WCARB or on a webbitslowcarb.com. There's only one deal I'd say West Booker and it's your official Atkins retail center. The most important thing is to support Twineel 5-6 in the UAM. The third week I look at. So you never watched his hair all seem to have a care co-bane. His name was Kirk. Now he's pushing up third co-bane. White thing drew from his chin. Doin' Harrow and co-bane. New bottle was high and now it's Kirk they ain't got co-bane. He got high, sit goodbyes and he died co-bane. He's a number one hit in Heaven's Big Mosh Pit. Co-bane. He'll be Elvis the King and say Grunge was my thing. He's a number one hit in Heaven's Big Mosh Pit. Co-bane. He'll be Elvis the King and say Grunge was my thing. Co-bane. So if you're filled with doubt don't take Kurt's way out co-bane. He got high, sit goodbyes and he died co-bane. Guys. Yeah thanks all 1118 at 5.60 WCM. You really got me by the King's and 3 done by Van Halen. There is no better remakes as Peter. Well I would have to agree with him at least he's a good boy. I understand that the pole is all about. Sure he doesn't. We're going to put it right on there but nevertheless. You really got me by Van Halen. Careful Van Halen but then again you don't need it. Here's the fact that it just like the boggles my mind. Okay. I got a lot of don't let me because before you know it it's going to be one o'clock and I'm going to all this stuff I want to talk about here today. About the joint mark all these fanks we got about Howard Spurman about the FCC and about the Janet Jackson almost live. It's going to be on ABC's good morning and mercilator this month but it will not be seen live. It'll be a 5 second video and audio delay. I hope he trusts her anymore. Yeah just because one little flap she's our hero. Tony Mitchell says this faxer wrote the song Woodstock for CSNY. She had the hotst for David Crossby at the time which indicates she needs serious help and then the other part of this fact though I don't get. Don't leave me this way which I remember the song very vividly but Harold Melvin and a blue note's 1975. I've thought my Houston 1977 the coming in our 86 written by Gilbert and how so what is what's the point. There choice right in other words that that's a list like you said how many we are we know. What do you think was the best remake of a hit song not how many songs have been remade the most times not how many can you list on a fax but get with it good guy. Man am I sorry I did this. All along the watch stars in the Hendrix 35 even though I guess it qualifies but not really not got on heavens door guns in roses 17. I will always love you Whitney Houston 13 I'm trying to find out what he used to know what the disc is that on what number which I almost don't my songs also on the same which is coming to number the district. I'll find it I got a hold your full that ACN cray. Yeah, see you love honey drippers 10 which I mean that song didn't need to be remade originally by Phil Phillips. Right. Blinded by the light manford man 10 you got a friend James Taylor. Me a 438. 438. 438. But what does that mean that's where the Whitney song is. 430 or this for yes. I thought you meant this for 138. I don't know many of you. Till there was you the Beatles 8. Locomotion Grand Funk 8. McCarthor parked on a summer 7. Locomotion by Kylie Minogue which I love 6. I can't even tell you which one I like the best. Did nobody fax their calls about the ACC and the sunshine band and whoever that brought was a joke. Locomotion. Damn it. 3. 3. 4. 7. Cross Jimmy Buffett 4. It's going to take a lot of love. I feel love Blue Man Group 3. Twist and chop the Beatles 3. It's my life no doubt 3. Yeah. Cocaine Eric Clapton 3. Mrs Robinson by the lemon heads. 2. Vigielo Taxi. Counting Croes 2. Prog Mary I continue to turn her one. Turn to beat around Gorg S. Steffan at bitch 1. Gotta get you into my life earth wind and fire 1. And signs by testies attesta. His one. Tell Suck. What is it? Tesla. It says it says right on here. I'm just quote what Josh wrote on here. Tesla. Tesla. Mark testies. It says on here. Mark tells him. What were we just talking about in this morning? Yeah. Now last kid's Pearl Jam light my fire was a Feliziano blue by you. Linda Ronsten greatest love of all without the tea. The first of the second tea is got the none. Let's stay together. Tina turned none. Faith, Olympus getting none. Love her. It's Nazareth none. And you mean he got me by Van Halen? None out of 160 now. We'll just get this thing going by the end of the show. We should have 1,000. About 30,000. About 30,000. There are different songs on here for you to prove over the weekend. Keep you out of trouble. Keep your ugly ass off the streets. Here's another one. I thought the law the Bobby Fuller 4. We made by the clash. That's a good song. Yes, it is. What's used to play the Panther games when Paul laws were getting the fight. And they've played a background. I thought the law and everybody. Like that. How are you doing Paul? Paul laws who I believe before he retired last year with the last of the original Panteros. I believe I'm not sure. Panthers don't see them no more. We made by the clash. You got it. The clash. You got it. Okay. Very good. Very good. I heard that the lead singer that group is just a little guy. Kind of a funny looking. Skin. Here's the fact that it says I never thought I would say this but I am. When I left this country for work in the United States in Europe it was great but came back last year and how times have changed. This administration is evil. Absolutely. And are you rooting our rights with their religious right wing agenda as well? There's slow merging of church and state. Getting bush out is the answer but I don't think hearing that Democrats are going to be much better. Just look at the vote in Congress. Only a select minority members voted against it. Very scary. So with that I started a process of selling properties and assets going to South America. I never thought I would do this but it's not the same country we should all be scared. 1984 is arrived grab your passport. It's Weesotype. It was all amen. So I can say. Amen. Good luck. Go to someplace safe like. Caracas. Or Bogota. Let's see. In 1977 Harry Bush in the tweezers. Oh no. Well that's what it says here. Yeah. This is the whole thing just below near one. I'm sure. Serious is city. Tony in the bunions. Okay. What are we saying? All right. That's cute. Ha ha ha ha. Hey, you never know. How do we know? We spoke to them very half as group ball group. We ought to. We want to be funny. Like we got to send us the facts. The facts are just pouring. Grimes is a couple more for the list. Run DMC's cover of Walk This Way by Arrow Smith which changed music when It created the rap rock genre fusion. Yes. Walk This Way. Yeah. Peter. How about baller confusion? There you go. Okay. So walk This Way. Run DMC. Got it. We got it. Van Hayland's cover of you really got me. Which we just put on. Even if you don't like him. Lenny Cravitz cover of American Woman. Yeah. Wait wait wait wait. American Woman by Stepan Wolf. We're fine. Brian. Brian. I know I'm going very fast here and it's easy for me to get confused in the middle of these 8,000 factions and 45,000 song titles in our teeth but American Woman by Stepan Wolf. To me that sounds sac religious to me. I'm so really correct. Shame on you. Oh, where is this? Where is this? Where is the ground? Where is the ground? Oh. This is the Bajar's version I've ever heard of. It's that the summer greatest fits that I've ever heard of. It's the summer greatest fits that I was in the studio. American Woman by Stepan Wolf. What the hell is this? Is that important coming? Yeah. In drag. The gang. The gang. We just got through a plain little bit of guess who yesterday you think Brian a few to have been listening which you certainly should have because I don't know to say pass for you for yesterday's show. The guess who. Not Stepan Wolf. Never less. Okay. So put whatever once you want from there on it. Got it. Five, six, seven, oh, let me just slip in one of these because we got a bunch of them. It says the whole Jill and Mark thing makes no freaking sense whatsoever. Somebody is looking at nude pictures on a work computer shouldn't they be the one discipline if anyone is regardless of the source of the photos. When the whole Howard Stern clear channel thing blew up a few days ago was mentioned that Stern is on a Beasley channel in Naples. Okay, is anybody ever seen Stern's E TV show I talked about that yesterday. He is naked at our entertainers in the studio all the time. And I sense it pictures of it nationwide. So apparently the Beasley bullcrapers aren't generally offended by the runner personalities appearing in published photos with naked chicks, at least at the get-who's ratings. Further, photores are not, Greg Reid knew who this was exactly the type of show that you are Mark were doing back then. And in my knowledge never cried at the school at the time and he did as you point up. It was at about the same time he heard Scott for Rau to bring the same type of antics to morning drive time and jeopardize the license. I mean, this whole thing stinks and wreaks of scapegoating very conveniently occurring while there is in a deep and deep and deep in the view of the world. And the video industry PS and here comes the most important in accurate line of this facts. You guys sure have some miserable bitches working in that building. On he doesn't say bitches he uses a word that begins with C. Why in local career sports video 5.62 a UAM. I remember when nobody in my name, but now I hear the big star. Turns a thing, I can make a hit on it, open it, taking your chance. All I do is scream like I'm in search. Don't mind so don't sound the thing. I can't believe that he falls down in. My head you told me not to change everything. So I guess I'll keep on a jelly. Don't mind so don't sound the same. I can't believe so high in these potatoes. Don't mind so don't sound the same. Yes. Speak in a witness you must be a witness man. But never less. Let him 33 and see some similarities. But you know. Why does he just got a temper? 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.807. 5. XXX. 1.707. Novgorod laughs schedule social presence lore. 6.307.cember 7. 5.707. 5.607. 5.607. 6.307. 5.307. 4.407. 5.407. 5.309. 5.607. 5.607. 5.607. 5.507. 5.607. 7.407. 5.907. 5.307. 5.407. LI Vienna. 6.607. 5.607. listen to the whole time but if you think I'm gonna go down this list of 7,000 every few minutes uh... what will get back to it eventually uh... race says man this is right that station stands for nothing bring back the dirty boys and cruis says ray as in right now and jim sarni says shame on qa s my and law six is for trey of i city you and stations stands for nothing this station presents unreal of american hero real american hero today we salute you mister factors hooking bright guy mr. factors hooking bright guy and there's lots of hard work to be done where can you be found out fact by the loading dock near the dumpster giving your lazy butt another butt break that's right mister factors smoking bright guy smoke a mid-you got him and you've always got him and you're always smoking snow rain freezing cold or smothering hot it doesn't matter to you you're out there every 10 minutes taking a nine minute break when do you get anywhere hey so the next time you're at the service counter unable to get any service because no one's at the counter walk around back flick your lighter and raise it into the tool mister factors smoking bright guy a real american hero that's our song in right guy hey dude can i buy one cool i mean Winston 16 till noon at five 16 w qm Dave says got all of aerosmetry make up come together got it got it also yesterday's pull i hit when somebody says where you add see what they mean is where you be that's right where you add you can't end a sense with the preposition you can say where you add asshole but not where you add have a great day Dave everlasting love this is good this is an excellent choice outstanding says love these music topics can the one hit wonders be far behind again i should hope so because the audience hates it all they can't stand a anytime i do music because they hate my music although this this thing today is gonna not do with my music it's strictly whatever right whatever they're calling in but when do we do the one hit wonders because most of them are old you know they can't stand it but call Carlton and everlasting love which originally was Robert Knight okay but you know that song mm-hmm got it not on me everlasting love Carl Carl Carl and Josh before you were born or here's what it says could this qualify a little less conversation also the theme song to hit you on Vegas original personally in the sixties remake 2002 without it if i could clear you how i am heath is a broad test and a spitful and disgusting his name if you'd like if you'd like to saw in the video it's giving much work how many times an hour they kind of the hey what did that host come on Albert you know you're dead but get up one by five and that reverb man sounds like he's singing in a very well it probably is singing a tunnel somewhere able says regarding the best remake this is magnificent how about i heard it through the grapevine originally marvin gai and then gladis knight in the pips got it heard through the grapevine but gladis knight in the pips and speaking of that kind of music kind of soul respect you read through a Franklin the remake of Otis Redding's hit respect by a wreath of Franklin which was on that thing that somebody said in from the internet but i hate when they do that when they take the list right off the event takes all the funerat sample artist but there was some good crap on there ricks as i can't believe what have it a joe of arco for a picture that wasn't even on a qm website isn't power the one who splashes almost every metro bus with an almost naked girl with headphones next to a turntable these people should listen to the music that's played on power the lyrics are worse than any naked pictures on any website if great you're specially to write in power and or qm in the arbor tron book other than your show he is sadly mistaken i am pissed off says Rick also jurid did a great job by your wife's Rick slug your Rick i do like that oh and getting a speak of that speaking of people getting pissed off and not supporting certain people or other way around tom jica writes the g op might come to rule the day how it's stern was vanished by its buddies a clear channel an angri stern is going to leave a political movement to be George bush this is not something to be scoffed at stern is a demigod demidian's a gun results a difficult to capture voting block worse for team bush the vast majority of stern fans are white males group most dependably republican George pataki the republican governor of New York and christian tada women a former republican governor new jersey both courted and received stern's endorsement their races women was so grateful that the booster provided that she named a highway rest area in his honor so you can go back right on how do you like that so look after the stern people out there and on a much lesser level here in florida but of course is the pivotal state or very well could be again we'll do our own little part right the swing state we're swinging we still can't five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen ten horizon line and don't forget check out our lovely website today with the beautiful Jessica bill who just nine days ago celebrated her twenty-two birthday Jessica bill a lot of appeal on that what do you think was the best remake of a hit song it's a very simple question doesn't have a lot of words in it doesn't have any words with long salobles what do you think was the best remake of a hit song in fact there's only one word in there it's got more than one syllable pretty simple simple pull question for simple people all along the waterfront Jimmy Hendrick's 52 remake of Bob Dylan which was not uh not gonna have its door guns and roses dirty how many is it got five thirty man i will always love you wouldn't he used in 16 boy can she howl huh blinded by the light man for man thirteen seven cross Jimmy buffett thirteen till there was you the beetles a dozen see of low-honey drippers a dozen you really got me van Halen a dozen you got a friend James Taylor 11 a carthor parked on a summer nine locomotion grand funct nine locomotion Kylieman oak nine cocaine a reclact in seven can't get you into my life earth wind and fire six walk this way no not that way run the mc six uh it's my life no doubt six palmarie i continue to turner six you see that gives you an idea of how much your arosmith is changed music air with the influence they've had i just mentioned that even though you're not a big arosmith fan why do you keep saying that because it's just a piss you off proud Mary i continue to turner six twist and shout the beetle six oh boy the eyes they'd rather is a really pit-porked off about that the eyes they'd rather as i think are still alive i should point out the beetles on the other hand 50 50 uh big yellow taxi counting crow six dream on mnm five and after that single digits what was that great one we just had all um but i won't get any votes everlasting love that the great song called column i think i got it somewhere here at your rather her than a little less conversation by Elvis oh god Elvis back in a boxweed art please w qan hello yes sir i have two free the path okay yeah right here you crap out we're gonna hear you okay cause that well i was online one pussy at a crappy phone sit with that combination and a little less conversation w qan hello yeah i just like to say you know most people like they have a little right here in the life and i think great head of made a qan because he come made this stitch one the best ever by going 12 and 12 yet two to six joe mark righty good air payment six to ten or ten thirty even to eleven you got the original hours v hours followed by you to two o'clock and then you throw in the sports guys from two to two right what's wrong with this guy what's that to like you know so it's my advice great you got 12 hours of great variety a little comedy a little sport than 12 hours of nothing but sports and we can talk about daily and days to we die at that well say pali okay see on Monday you start Monday there's a no program director what a class has been a little bit cheaper last couple of days when it comes in the does make it a little comeback today it's a 89 points and as the cup 32 after two precipitous dives the last couple of days after just diving badly five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line line nine w qaim hi i'd like to put something on the pole go right ahead it's a hurt some by nine and snails and read down by johnny cash hurt yeah johnny cash did hurt yeah he we did it and he won a he won a npb award for it he we did it yeah he did nine and snails done his first yeah and then johnny cash well all be darn she's too bad he's not still here first to thank him yep thanks we don't have a great day fine that's the last album he did he remade a lot of um are you a johnny cash person now me what do you mean now I always have been hurt Timmy year old 1961 Elvis Presley 76 and the remake johnny cash and then he died five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line w qaim hello yeah hi i want to add one to the pole go right ahead uh losing the skyward diamonds originally by the Beatles and then by oh no john okay good one was awesome and i have four yes sir it was uh i forget let's go one i'll get it he's only said one later thanks oh bye good job that was good see what do you think was the best remake of a hit song he he got he got it and he gave us a good choice to elucine the skyward diamonds Elton john would owes big glasses man would owes big square goofy glasses that's sir Elton john the u-bow or miss Elton john to me five six seven oh five six do you know you don't like Elton john it's okay do I don't forget join qaim and the big oh or landow else the query from five to seven the saffron of these grid pcs wireless store at 8743 southwest 136 street in the Edgar Prado shopping center right off u s one across in the falls the big oh we'll have Honda gomp Isaac passes panther tickets and free sandwiches courtesy of our adilanic city subgeneral tell you about his thing tomorrow level later on we don't want over do it no we don't want too many people show up because there won't be enough food left for you that's right w q m and john q m hello hey me a husband go pretty good that's good yesterday's fall there's two words that drive me nuts though I had to go call you on it one is prostrate the off state and the other is when you're gonna have your dog or cat spades they say spaded spaded he has him David spaded okay thanks palay that's from here yesterday but of course there are eight million of those and no problem at all we don't care anything that'll help us till to a clock when the mad dog will be long because we're just you know we're just uh... float in is what we're doing i was gonna say we're trading water i think we're even doing at a few and we're just floating along and very jackass his great right is column form today but off you can't touch us you know can't be does well of course only very in Greg would be the only two people stupid enough to even contemplate writing about how many different sports stations we could have you know i'm saying yeah as a yeah as if there's even a market for one i mean the color we had just a couple of calls ago had a ride on the money what do we need twenty four hours of the same jimmy and dandy and dandy and jiny and jimmy because that'll bring more people to sports and the jay and the feeling good feeling whatever the other kids name is well who the hell needs that man even jim sarny wrote in his column last Friday and he was absolutely correct he's got two jackpots in a row that it is ponderous all it's not out sports station even said dolphin station and all of a sudden like i said before do we have the episode with uh... top or two z in the nha jala suspension everything in the grotesque unacceptable hit and everybody on the stations a hockey expert right more how our david would know top or two z if he came in a high stick and right to god and not this piece of it a high stick can you see that all i'd love to see that not is must write on the ceiling with a high stick i mean that could be doing much for quite a while now maybe bring him into do that he wouldn't know top or two z from art and dotty tide how do you like that and shawl saw dot more in fact that's a remake somebody did that didn't they uh... take a see how i see how i fell into a bucket of crap man on the way to what i'm about me no no that's the uh... what that was that group my bell on the t-set very good uh... shawl saw dot more art and dotty tide that was a year here it is and a fontane sisters uh... i love the fontane's time for a get it back there's a remake please don't leave me fat stomato and fifty six i think the fontane sisters were not putting it on it's just a joke i thought for sure somebody else is shawl saw dot more but i guess they did not shame on the shame on him eleven fifty seven three minutes till the big hand it's a little hand a q a m ah so it's mart morgin is the twelfth one hour on g AW If they say that one to the TV, we put the finger up there, but well, right up to the wall, the window, what Christians you performed, be fileless in the corner, while pondering their nuts, whoa, right up to the wall, the window, what Christians you performed, most of my life, makes me from the fastened days, we're sailing back to the back of the road, and she's got holes in the bed, she just keeps sailing for two, and she's got just about all their allowed to do. Why does that flow, why does that flow, why does that flow, why does that flow, why does that flow, why does that flow, do they get a swollen heart, while leaning out there gun, whoa, right up to the wall, the window, what Christians you performed, be fileless in the corner, the window, what Christians you performed, the window, what Christians you performed, see that standing, he then sits back down again and you, and watch it all down with the 12th of June, live a life of order of the heaven you've heard, got only smile upon pouring out the whole, oh, I left to know, why does that flow, hey, I left to know, why does that flow, oh, alright, that's my name, good thank goodness for that, 12 out to a five 60 WQAM, crispy cream says, hold the sugar, hold the azukaar, crispy cream don't us long on for its high calorie, treats plans to offer low sugar don't us to attract diners and diabetics. oh man, I sure hope it doesn't have any of that in it, yeah, crap, exactly how low the sugar content would be, is something only the company knows, and even in the hallowed halls of Donut Central, the answer may still be evolving. crispy cream spokeswoman Amy Hughes says, she doesn't know, because they do not, they do know not, it's still in the early stages of development, it's said today, but before the end of the year, what a crispy cream's hot original place, Donut's has 10 grams of sugar, and 200 calories, I'll take three please, more than half of those calories come from fact, called grams of it. crispy cream lover Clint Beaver, says while the low sugar don't us a good idea, he doubts he'll be giving up on the original, glazed variety, as for me, I'd all die eating the fatning don't us at Beaver, a student at Wake Forest University School of Medicine. Ha ha ha ha ha! he's got to be a doctor, so he can go kill some people. One of his med school friends is Nathan Payton, found the whole idea of a low calorie don't us strange, it just seems odd they try to be healthy, and they're not paid right in that he'll give one a try. The idea of offering a low sugar don't us, isn't new for crispy cream, we've been looking at this for some time, said use. Crispy creams plans are relying with those in house recently by a number of fast food giants, including McDonald's, which is facing out super size portions of fair eyes and drinks, except for special promotions by the end of the year, no more poop resizing. Wednesday, the house past legislation that would ban lawsuits, against these joints, on the grounds they could bankrupt fast food chains and restaurants, even though of course they are killing us, and we don't care about that because they don't need a lot of mind to the right wing. Live and let die, did we get that honor guns and roses? I thought we did. I got you, babe, sunny and hair. We done by UB 40 and Chrissy Hind? Yes. Chrissy behind? Do we have that honor? From the presenters. Oh. Five six seven, open, member of the great pretended by the planners, of course now, I'm Decker Records. Five six seven, five sixty, pound five sixty on the ATT, how about the flying saucer's speaker that record by Buchanan Goodman? I remember the flying, huh? David, in Miami says, he can enjoy Marky's system. Fortunately, it sounds as if it is a sexual harassment issue. As ridiculous as it is, if a woman walks by your office and you have an offensive photo on the screen, could be something you're viewing a screen server wallpaper, screen-saver wallpaper, it's considered sexual harassment. It further goes on away bikini calendar on the wall. But this smells of sexual harassment, maybe that's why you can't get her name because she's protected over the years from power 96, that we don't have the name yet. But the person with the photos and his computer screen should have been recommended, not you and Mark, David, Miami, you are. I'm so, we're going to be correct. I'm going to be right on it, man. They didn't have a computer on somewhere. It was not their website. I mean, the whole thing is so absolutely stupid, even the, I'm not just Jim Sarny, said that something got a stink somewhere, okay? People over there in Naples, man. The beastly people, the same people that are running Howard Stern over there by we should point out on their FM. In Naples, who's coming under tremendous assault, who's under 75 delays, and they fired you on Mark because somebody found a photo with a strip around it on a website from 80 minutes from seven months ago. You know what I really think? What do you really think? I think it's another one of those cost cutting measures to me. We just, you know, they're talking about, well, maybe Dave Higgin wants to be on in there, and this one, no one. I don't think anybody's going to be on in there. I think it's going to be sporting news radio. They open up a pot of cost and nothing. What did I say two days ago? Yeah. This to me just looks like window dressing on another cost cutting measure by the beastly. I'm excuse. Yeah. Just waiting to find an excuse to get them off the air. Well, I'm not making us any money, you know. I mean, I don't know that for a fact. That's just my guess because I don't think anybody could be this stupid. It's one thing to overreact. It's another thing to go off the air, like Renfield and, you know, Dracula. Yeah. Charles and Dearfield Beach says, just a thought, but I think it's safe to say this whole FCC which got its impetus by the exposure of Janet Jackson's memory gland on TV. So I ask you, is it my imagination? And most of the heads rolling as a result of that unfortunate word-droom malfunction seem to be on radio. That's right, Charles. We had an article on our website the other day about how radio always takes it up the old shoot and TV and they get off easy. Not that I'm trying to start yet another conspiracy theory say, Charles, Paul suggested for yesterday, and this is a good one. 100 or 100 instead of 100. 100. 100 bucks. Oh, here's a good one. Pinball was it, Elton John. Never done that. I mean, he did a lot of good stuff. Yeah. Yeah. The who and Elton John remade it. Pinball was it. You got that on there, Josh? Yeah, I got. Excellent. Paul says, I heard Debbie on CNN referred to his conversation with a minister of Spain, Jose Maria as NAR by saying, I just got off the phone with his majesty King Jose Maria as NAR of Spain. Oh, hey, let's say at least he's making improvements when he first met him three and a half years ago, he called him up on Prince Ansar. Prince Ansar. The prime minister of Spain, Jose Maria as NAR. He probably thought he's kind of it as NAR. 560, 50560, 5080, 80 and T in Verizon, wireless long. Let's get another two 3000 songs on a list here. So we'll keep you real busy over the weekend. WQA and hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. Deal? Yes, sir. You got to do roll over Beethoven originally Chuck Berry by the Beatles. And Beatles. Okay. All right. Thanks. Good night. Roll over Beethoven originally Chuck Berry by the Beatles did the remake. Beatles also used a lot of other people's material. Yes, they did. This has nothing to do with anything. I just have to like this song in my life. It's free. It's free. It ought to be big and soft, Florida, baby. It's free. Just like that salad dressing. It says right there in a bottle, crap. Free. It's free. It's free. Yeah. About a way Wednesday he's going to be doing the radio the jitter the rumor, Mister. And jigs is going to be doing with what? Where? When? Jigs, Mister is going to be doing the TV with Denise Poppen. But that's a good match. That's a match made in heaven. I'm sorry, Jigs. That's a shot. Nobody deserves to be hooked up with Denise, Mister. What a. That. I'm like, you're done. Humpholdic frog. Come have you Q.A.M. Hello. Yes. Yes, sir. I kind of pick one. Got everyone. Yeah, righteous brothers, unchangeability. Hell, heaven. I hear it. No. That was great. That was the best call of my twenty years. Thank you so much. That was sensational. how America's learning now you can almost hear the goose stepping right through the speakers in your radio. I just out here where he's got no more high level. I was beautiful. Back at you. All right. That's a good one. On chain melody the anxious righteous brothers one half of whom are still alive. Now which one was he died build mentally? I don't mean to know one of them loves the one who's doing all the drugs. Come to QAM hello. Yes sir. I got one for the boat. All right. I are ground by Red House Julie Fevers. Did you want to original? Higher ground. Yes sir. Steve wondered on higher ground. Higher ground. Go to round with higher ground. Okay. Red House helicopters. Okay. Thanks a lot, Kelly. All right. Have a great weekend. Remember Steve you wonder doing higher ground? No, I don't. But let me look it up. I don't remember that. I can't say that I heard higher of higher ground. Steve you wonder for 72 don't be correcting our stupid list is okay. This guy knows his crap. April 73 higher ground Stevie wonder. I just don't remember that thong. But that's a good choice. We're not to the chili peppers. They're okay. They're like in an hours. You know I mean some stuff they do is really good some stuff it's like they were really good than Anthony kicked the drugs and now they suck so what it is. And now everything they do sounds the same. You know right. Join George tomorrow from noon to two at Eddie a Cardi Dodge. 23 every North Federal Highway in Pompeo Beach, on our side of Atlantic Boulevard just passed the boat of Rama. George is going to have prizes of questionable value and of course free sandwiches courtesy of Atlantic City subs. I bet you fact we're stops by to say hi. He might put a free food. No, I'll stop by to see you because it probably be on his way to the track. Little summer casting a little punching tomorrow night. Why not? So join us so much a guy and his thugs thug Josh. I'll do that. We did have Scott but Scott is not going to be loud in Pompeo. Josh for food fun and high jinx tomorrow to Cardi Dodge. Federal Highway in beautiful poverty beats noon to two and then even zipper over the track. Catch him, Simon Casting. PUNCH your brains out. Just bring a whole suitcase full of money. Okay. No teacher right. WCWM. Hello. You sir. Three quick points. Yes, it is Paul Gunna. I'm going to call Neil. It's going to. Gunna. I'm gunna. Okay. Today's Paul said you've got that hell and already the best remit and prove remake. I think he's smoking in the boys room. It was uh I believe it's Brownville Station and then Mount Lee. Where's Lee? And who did it afterwards? Mount Lee crew. Mount Lee crew. They rocked it up quite a bit. That'll do. Good one. And while final point yesterday you knew God kind of stepped over the line. I heard something that you said something that right wingers have said about you you said the n-n should not be allowed to be pulled off the air. Yeah. I know you're pointing to you and I know you're you're trying to thought that's a dangerous type of comment. Oh, I'm sorry. Look at said CNN should be yanked. I understand it. But you but you know what I'm saying to right. Yeah, I know what you're saying. Okay. But I still say it's CNN needs to be off the air. I wouldn't know you would with it either. But you know what anybody else can be on here except CNN how's that? Okay. Have a great day. Good job. Okay. I'll hitler. Yeah. How Hitler? Let's get used to a baby. How Hitler? Oh, there is a great one. Was it yesterday on our, uh, uh, see a lot of the bedtime stories we have. They're just too long for me to even think about reading even part of the monure because if you only read part, it doesn't give the whole, uh, you know, deal. But about the guy who wasn't apologizing for comparing the, um, bush regime to the innancies and he talked about the, uh, proponents of homosexuals and Nazi Germany and the evenest speculation that Hitler was bisexual and about how they then turned to persegued all the homosexuals along with everybody else except the course goes who sucked up to them. That doesn't sound too familiar. Does it misfudge? No, no, no, no. Or any of those people like you log cabin rollers who probably roll in some right now. Fudge that is. 12 13 at 560 Q. CMN has to be off the year. Bob. Okay. My job is to infiltrate on this floor and liberal decent group, who disagree with our glorious administration. I must earn trust to believe I am one of them, but I do not always. I am a decenter for the DHS. Hello. Bushlight. So just died. Welcome, comrades. It's good for you to come. Now that you are with us, you can help me put up these anybody but bush posters. Wait a minute. What do you hear? Packs on my recovery. Don't let California's cartoon governor Arnold Schwarzenegger in. I am the decenter for the DHS. Only on GDS. The conservative broadcasting system. Yeah, we need somebody serious to run from prison like Arnold. Here you go. 12 17 at 560 WQAM. All want to watch tower the best remake of a hit song ever. Jimmy Handrichs 64 Rest in Peace. Not gonna have his doors make it a move Guns in roses 51. I will always love you Whitney Houston 20. So it's a two-hospital race right now. I mean, Whitney Houston is that high up on a list that tells you these are not the best group. How about? I thought we were going to remake that. No, I'm not just playing the song. It just happens to be a revolution. Just a party time five. Have you ever seen this series of these series? Yeah, which I had that one. That's a good one. In fact, yesterday I played some of these two, including any case usual theme song that I'm really getting tired of hearing. Wow, I've been in this. Oh, no. Yeah, hate that. Bussie. Come on now. I'm filming this. Or how about? We're getting a set of high ones. We got the boot. We crossed the one. There's one I think the NRA likes a lot. Anyway, good disk. There's absolutely nothing to do with anything. Let's see. The ultimate remake is and always will be vanilla fudges you keep me hanging on, which of course was originally done by the wonderful lovely related Dhanaross new Supremes. You keep me hanging on. They're all a fudge, which is a last about seven I have been in something like that. Right. Right. That's why we like it in this business. I can't believe nobody called in this one yesterday orientated as opposed to oriented. I got this new job and I have to get orientated. Excellent one. Also, sing for the moment, not sing for a moment. Sing for the moment. I still know that song to you. Sing for the moment. That's an aerosmith song. Well, let me look up the title. Okay, it'll kill some good timing. Or this book weighs about many, many pound. We never got the name of that. So we demand one hit wonder is baby. Anyway, it's sing for the moment and guess what? It's still it's still on in here. I don't kind of sing I got sing a song with wind and fire. Sing boy sing Tommy Sands on Capitol Work as Mammoth Tommy Sands. Teenage Crush Tommy Sands. Do you remember that? Shame on you. How about tab hunter remember him? I bet you what what's the name did Tony Perkins. Well, I'll tell you one. I get a little bit excited thinking about Tony Perkins and tab hunter. That's the rumor. Of course, Tony Perkins is dead. And when tab hunter finally croaks, well, last night I guess we'll ever hit on last night. I give up. Since I'm over the age of 100, I'm in Laga Watch of Once in a While. He had on rock Hudson's wife. She was married home for three years. Yeah, yeah, they did it. Prop wife. They did it. He probably closed his eyes and thought it Goma. Is that what what? Thought a goober? You know what the first thing what she said in the Larry? We did it. That's what she said. Anyway, moving right along, let's see, former brothers Johnson lover to lie heard you say it. What does that mean? He said the botanical to win. I get by with a little help from my friends. A little help from my friends. Originally to Beatles on Sergeant Pepper, we made by Joe Cocker and his sister, Arthur Cocker, the one-day-years theme song says you see a Kenny. A little help from my friends. Now he writes I get by with the help from my friends, but I'm sure that's not the song right right you right a little help from my friends. Joe Cocker you got it there, Josh got it good. Josh is right on top of it. Rick says sitting on the dock of the Bay should be on a pole remade by Michael Bolton. Oh, no, now even a parody on sitting on a bench. You know, we'll be over. And I think that's one of the 10 that we can still play, of course. We sit on a couch. We can't. I'll see. Here's another example of not understanding the pole Rick. I mean, Rick usually fances good stuff, but in this particular case, what do you think was the best remake of a hit song? And any says it was made by Michael Bolton among others. Well, what does that mean? My wife, Joe Cocker, do the balls. See what I'm saying? But if you want, we'll put Michael Bolton on his sit on a dock that we will humor him even though, of course, you are puke and be for it, forget about it. Oh, you know something, you know the reason that we didn't get the KC thing I got the wrong song. Am I stupid or what? Am I dumb? More on deck and cool. The KC song was right now. All right, now dancing in the streets, but who we're going to put down? We don't have that on it. Who do we mean that besides the case? Martin of Andellos. You want to know a forget about KC. Let's see, dancing in the street. Nick and David Bowie did it. Nick, Jagger and David Bowie. Well, Van Halen made it too. But I don't want to put Van Halen. We already got a couple of Van Halen. What about Nick and David Bowie? 85, huh? What? I hated their version. Are you picking on Nick? Oh, I don't like it either. I want the boat as only. Hey, David, David, David Bowie. You know what would be great? Here's an idea for Boca Brian to stick to the Howard Dean places in there, huh? They're dancing Arizona. That would be great. We take a little bit of work, but I think he can handle it. If anybody could have that little ball to hit a geek Boca Brian, he could do it. You know what I'm saying? I'm sure he's working on it now. Yeah, it's perfect. Tracy and Kendall says my vote is for Tommy James and Ashane Nelson. Moni Moni, we made by the bizarre Billy Idol. That's a good one. Okay. It says, would you play a drop of the appuram lady since the holiday past-by-do run vacation? Oh, and you already told me, he had your home entache, which is nice. Indeed. It was a wonderful food basket from the Halberstein of this year. Trail mix, cookies, the Scotty. Happy prom fruit. I don't take any bulls. Hey, happy prom. I'm not with the broken bank for calling to your mother. Oh, happy prom. Well, we sure miss her. She was the best. Have a great day to Tracy and Kendall. Thanks for the memories. Okay. Thanks for the f***. Rease. Jeff says, good to hear it we made by Cheryl Crowe, of the first cut as the deepest written by Kent Stevens and recorded by Rod Stewart as a pretty good-sized hit. It was fairly big. I like this. The first cut is the deepest. Cattier will crow. Also, Ronald Eisley is alive and well. Spetsam years his Mr. Big just completed them with burg back a rack. John Lennon always said the Beatles' twist and shout was an homage to the Eisley Brothers. See, there you go. Mr. Smarty Pants. Mr. Smarty Pants, the Eisley Brothers, you got the same thing with Marvin Gage. You got with the Eisley Brothers. You do not give them a like for Eisley Brothers. No, you don't like Marvin Gage though. I do like Marvin Gage. Just to beat boys a better. No. Okay. No, you don't like him because his name is Gage. That's the problem. Okay. Pulling anybody. It's a spik thing. What is this past known at 5.60? You're Gage Station QAM? We're sports radio 5.0. I understand. I would say this is probably the greatest song ever we've recorded. And I'm not gonna argue. I'm not gonna. Really? Really? I love it. That's what we need boys and girls a little more than fill it off your freedom in America, but it's dead dead dead dead. Thanks to these right wing lunatics, these fascist, these hit Larry and lunatics that have taken over that stony election in broad daylight. Here's the deal. This is why I say CNN needs to be off the year by one o'clock at the latest. Maybe by 1233 would be better. By the way, Eric for some reason, our clock has slowed down two minutes, but it's not the right time. But anyway, if you notice that, no, I didn't. Let me go a look. Yeah, on our webbook, on our homepage. PURT so it has. Yeah, something strange about it. Probably a Kami Pinko law conspiracy. High Hitler. But CNN reports this thing yesterday and today, the house passes the indecency bill 391 to 22 with no comment, with no debate, with no like, okay. Well, Blitz Creek, my ass. Of course, for the, I love this. I love to see them come up from behind him right now with a muzzle and just put a big curchiff right around his mouth and drag him off kicking and screaming like Howard Veal. What you all to see that? Yeah, I'll post drag his ass off the stage. Oh, now what is this thing? Top TV radio station contributors. Eric, uh, he may owe me something. I guess I'll have to look at during the next break. He says in particular, look at the beeslies. Uh, oh, look at those beeslies. Oh, who we can't afford to pay Joe and Mark, but we can afford to be, uh, you know, well, well, well, whatever they're doing. Let's see, here's what it says. I'm currently looking for any photo of Howard David with strippers at all, films. There's even a hooter girl with an impulse sticking out. It's been if your listeners might have these photos. I'll be using them for a website. I'm starting. Once it's up and running out and form George and he can look at the side of it at work, hopefully someone in the yourselves, the prompt will see this and mold the fire sincerely. Defoe. Oh, that's cute. I like that. By the way, we got a guy here in Toronto. Defoe, looks like you're twin brother. Paul Romanock, he's not an awful Sunday morning. A show on Leef's TV, ah, the reporters, Paul Romanock. He's like Defoe, light. That's an incredible Harry Chaper, 1974. Ugly kid, uh, one? Joe. I go with Kid Joe. Yeah. I know it's Joe, but look at the way that's written. Look at Joe. I'll be Kid Joe, 1993. So that's good. We Kid Joe as in Joe Mama says David from Pennfield, no less. I wonder if that's Pennfield, New York. Must be. Must be. Must be. Must be. Must be my friend David from Pennfield, New York. Well, excellent choice, David. Moved him right along, 560, 70560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon World Slider. That plug you thinking, yeah, and I think I did. And a cardee dodge. I'll next hour. Okay. I'll just go on to work. I'll take it right now. Anybody got, oh, look what just happened. That is the most unbelievable thing I've ever seen in my life. What, what, what? Wow. My computer, the monitor for the phone for the tell us. Yeah. It was, it was in the, you know, screen saver thing. So I slid my mouse. Can I say that slid my, I slid my, I slid my. You touched it now. Now it's like bizarre. What? Like, like, yeah. What is that all about? I think it's going to blow up. Is it? Let's take a call. QAM Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. All right. And look how good the phone calls sounds. I think something great just happened. How cool. For all your musical look up needs, all music guy that's on the internet. I don't know if you still use that, but it'll say everything you want to know and it's free. Excellent. That's what we like. We like free and easy. www.llmusic.com. All music.com. Thanks, Pally. I love you. All right. See you. I like that. Now this thing is still staying in this mode. I don't want to lose it. Have you ever seen it like this? I've seen weird things before. And not like this. This is beautiful. It's like, I mean, the white part is white except on the bottom of the clock is and then on the right, we're all the the phone lines are into flashing and the wow. It's like psychedelics. It's just like I just did a few of the mushrooms I brought back from Amsterdam. I mean, 30 QM hello. Maybe I'll wear it pretty good. I got one for the pole and I got a question. Okay. Easy by Lionel Ricky. Right. It was covered by space no more. Faith no more. Yeah. They was the D side on a single. Okay. And a question was, um, I'm pretty good. So even though I don't like Donald Richie that much, it's okay. It's a good song. Yeah, it is. It's Josh's mother available tonight and if so, will she give it up in the first day? 730. Needs to the QM door. But the answer to the second question is no. And so picture. Now, Oscar says, remember, Oscar from summer 42, that's where you never saw that movie. No. It was Benji and Oscar. Good afternoon, Neil and George. It says, please see if you can find roar of Beethoven by ELO. I think I got it. Do you? Yeah. I know I have the best of ELO. So if it's on here, I got it. I love ELO. ELO is great. The beginning is very deceiving. The rest is pure. You can enjoy it. You might want to play the whole thing. How about he or she commented, it Oya commented. And a rush favorite Tata Tate where he doesn't know that it's pronounced the T in the second tape as well. He says, Tata T. He should know better well. Maybe he takes some of the wrong good drugs. It says, it's great. Keep it up in the show, too. So Oscar, while I get my ELO, this got momentarily during the break. Okay. We had enough Elton John. Well, I love Elton John, but I don't want you to. Oh, Elton John. Right. That's like example. Like this. Like I think that I'm still paying the song. You know what I got so standing? I hate it. Like I love it. That. You just like the video. You just like the video. You just like the video. You just like the video. You just like the video. You probably like that one. You did an unsuffb. What was that? Something in Spanish? Wouldn't it be a spanish? No, I don't know. You're going to collaborate next. But he was just down there to hang out with those hot young. Remember, that's right. It was before your time. Nick Lawrence was my producer. You don't remember this, do you? Rock and roll. No. He located those two male models who were in that video. You talk about it all the time. And he actually located in Rottenham in on the year show. And I hate to say it, but they were both, uh, let me say this. Make up. Can make you look a lot better. Okay. That's a very delicate way of putting it. It won't be a little ready on that grade. But anyway, one of them kind of like, I think we had to put a lead weights on them to keep mine a floor. But that's how it beats for you. What can you do? 560, 0560, pound 560. Yeah. And that was a good video. What would you want to collaborate in this, Sponio? See? Okay. Maybe okay. Video. Oh, I just love sitting here. I'm just not taking any calls. We're going to sit here and look at this monitor. Man, I have never seen nothing like it. W to Q and hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Hey, Daniel. This is a habit for a yesterday's thing. It's a word that you, you're going to say, you say Schwartz or the Schwartz or Spots or whatever. I never say Schwartz. I never say Schwartz or you say Schwartz. Yeah. That's a never say Schwartz. No, the only Schwartz I know is like Arnold Schwartz. He is a Delia and South Beach. Get with it. Schwach. Ashwach. 21 till 1. I'm going to look for my ELR. I'm going to sit here. I'm going to stare at this thing. It is mesmerized. I want to be a Latino and say, hey, my, no, it weren't that on my head. Now I want to wear a sleak 50 in my hair and dark sunglasses to cover my face. I want to drive in a big car with that buskin interior with loud assays. I want to girl name Juanita. I want to girl name Juanita with all black hair. Fake blue eyes and big gold chains. I want to know. I want to know. I want to know. I want to know. They make the world loop and then I don't do his eyes. Be happy. I'm in a safe way down. He had a wife. My sister that was way too tight. See, 45. 55. 52. W to Q. I am. So Frank says you have a mention to our center of the park's land remakes. I didn't know that he sent him. This is the first time I saw this fact. Plus, Montley crew. We make a smoke in the boys room. Grand funk railroad. Two is got a pair. Right? Yeah. And make it at the remake of no more Mr. Nice guy Alice Cooper. What we didn't have that one yet. So we didn't have it on there. Right? Now we do. There. Yeah. Here's one. I shot this year of Eric Clapton Bob Marley from Clip and Coral Springs. Thanks, Cliff. Yeah, man. Now here's an interesting thing. Here's a response that the assholes, I mean the fine gentleman, a clear channel sent to one of our listeners, Michael and Boca, who was contacting and communicating with him and there is great displeasure with their removal of the Howard Stern show from big. And let me say it again before we just cracked that they sent him back. We have listed on our website right there on the, here are the top of the page. All of the eight South Florida clear channel radio stations for you in big, loud and Palm Beach. So covering yourselves accordingly, that's my suggestion to you. If you want to get even with Chief Channel, not only don't listen any of the radio stations, but certainly do not blow them any tangible support if you catch my drift. Don't tell anybody that you listen to big, or any of those other seven evil conversations. That's it's the best way. Just like Joey Zazaman said of a message immediately if not sooner. Don't have one of the big covenants sorry. But what's not collected by the one of them? Nothing. You just chopped liver or wine. What was in the miracle? We love ELO. Some of us have one for a mother. Many of us. Some of us have one for a self-baked, I shall manage this. Roll! Roll! Anyone? All right, that's it. Dear Mr. So and so. Thank you for your message. Clear channel radio is decision to suspend Howard Stern from our stations is based on our regular three obligations that commitment to airing material that conforms to the standard and sensibilities of the local communities we serve. Right. That's why he only has a ten share in men. The decision to suspend the Howard Stern show was difficult. However, as broadcast licenses, we have illegal obligation to protect our listeners from indecent material when children are more likely to be in the audience. As a result, we will not air Howard Stern on their channel stations until we're sure that the show will conform to acceptable standards are responsible broadcasting, in other words, till health freezes over. We have full confidence in our ability to provide compelling entertaining and informative programming that is not in decent and meets the taste and desires of our listeners. Right. Like PD Lenny's a cooking show, what coming to eight fifty soon, I'm sure. We greatly appreciate and value your feedback and have sent your comments to the appropriate clear channel representative sincerely all-marked Thompson Vice President of Marketing Communications. Is that not to make you a puke or what? Talk about a standard pet form letter answer. How many how many thousand letters and complaints and emails do you think they got? About thirty man. I bet you they got a hundred thousand. People really pissed off and fired up. Oh, you have to do things that you know, we're bull crap. How do you do when it's sucking up to the bush? My student helpful and nobody. Okay, well Simon and Garphonger did the song time. Well, that's not the name of the song. I'll think that's called he's a shade of winner. That's it. Look around on piece of ground. It's a he's a he's a shea to win or is the song The bangles where do they come up with time and the bangles we did a much more upbeat they like it better, which is fine. He's a shea to win or the bangles. Here's another bad bad thing. Duck tape instead of duck tape. Okay duck tape. We put around a duck's beak duck tape used to a wrap up Wolflet squeaks mouth. Oh, I love to see a minor with duck tape around his post man. He just gives me to willies Let me I know it's he's a shea to win her because I played it 80 million times on years of distirking I like that song's good song You got it the bangles. We got it Let's see what are what am I looking for? He's a shea to win oh One moment please. I mean why am I looking for this? Why do I have doubts primal duck here it is Some of our functional 66 the bangles 88 he by Al Hibler. Hi, Hibler Demegraris sisters and the righteous brothers righteous brothers must have been big ya Al Hibler fans because they kept redoing his cramp So there we go. We got the he's he's he to win We got smoking the boys room. No more nice. Nice guy. We got I shot the sheriff I was gonna play that I shot the sheriff thing and I listened to it during a break can't play it and had too many To shocking well, I mean no, seriously what what are we talking about here boys and girls Jesus 391 to 22 the have said it he built past in the house. It'll little of a different version somewhat different version We'll pass this in El Presidente the chancellor the rice Marshall will sign it and then it'll be a little bit And then everybody's gonna have to be like ping in her pants because well, here's a half a million dollar fine for you and here's a billion dollar fine for you And it just based on what based on the fact that they just said around and made it up they keep embellishing it and embellishing it First it was the seven George Carlin words that was back in the 70s how many years ago was that? Me two years ago But a George Carlin 70 rewards and instead of progressing and instead of a country where they were we were growing up a little bit No, we keep taking gigantic steps backward Sexual activity or excretory act, and what what does that mean nobody even knows what it means? And now they say forget about local community standards which it always was it's based on the average listener in the US The average there's such a thing as the average person no forget about average listener the average person no There's no such thing In people And by the way keep in mind they will decide your government in action. They'll decide how I'm gonna read that again I don't want to like paraphrase. I want to read it right from the horses ass In order to be found in decent the native the language involved whether explicit double on ton any window or sound effects Must constitute a patty offensive description or depiction of a sex act or gonna ask literary function and Determining whether languages patly offensive however, it's important to recognize that local community standards are not used Since when are we from circus I guess Rather the FCC considers whether an average adult listener in the US an average adult listener would find the broadcast matter patly offensive And the FCC will rely on its own expertise in determining the standards of the average adult listener For this reason the FCC is held at the actual popularity among adults residing in the market where programmers will not Insulate material from the finding of indecency you could have a 99 share But if we decide that it's indecency while you're screwed So I figure it's somebody that got like a sea average in school Makes the real average income How does the real average looking you know face yeah shoulder and drives an average looking car right? Let's find that guy average white guy average white band Here's a fact that says used to listen to Joe and Mark overnight But it was better when they were on Saturday afternoons They were doing it for a while. I don't understand even when they talked sports They made it fun entertaining these guys are not boring like the rest of the shame their gone Silly and cool springs pieces there anything we can do to get the back color right to station absolutely They ought to be flooded with phone calls and with emails Well, what should we what do we want to give out? May up wait huh the main office number and Who they're gonna call for Carlos You're gonna have our audience calling for Carlos Yeah, you're gonna do that to our killer. You don't carry the message along. Yeah, but he will Think about it. Okay What's that number? 3 of 5 653 653 6 6 67 Don't give me what a question Mark I'm not a lot of the rushes of Various That is correct Oh absolutely host that note in that room 305 653 6 7 9 6 9. I know we have a brow number do we have it? Yeah, but I don't have that man. We'll get it Okay, if we don't get it you'll get it There you go. We'll give the numbers out if you want to complain calling the director You're complaint don't just sit and take it lay and down and I'm gonna say to get it Father's me deeply. I don't want to elect be the odd man. I'll put out everybody care. I was him anyway It's only non sports show on a station But it just disturbs me that my colleagues don't seem to be going to bat you know Suppose it would have been hanks suppose you know where we had that incident with hank being suspended for a week I went ballistic over that because I think that was totally inappropriate and excessive and ridiculous And now we got you on marketing can and flat an Anthony as well They're good guys they never stole a freight train I mean no they're not on the middle of the day It's not a pivotal program for the radio station I'm making us any money but the fact that a matter is to just sit back and watch your colleagues get screwed over I mean with gorilla was it a different story Everybody knew for L was gonna get fired or wasn't a question of if it was a question of when He had more lives than and everybody can't they could warned him and bored him He had how many meetings a day Signed papers. I'm not gonna do this. I'm not gonna say that and just kept doing it. He shot himself enough But so I can't feel too much sympathy for him. He's got on he's got an endless history of getting canned everywhere He goes because he's got a career death wish So it's unfortunate But he's just he's out of control. He's a uncontrollable whirling village on the other hand these guys These guys are like Sunday school preachers by comparison and Somebody allegedly finds a photo on somebody else's website from seven months ago Walks by it and is bitterly offended and then lodges a complaint or starts a big sentence and that's the excuse for Canning their ass. I don't think so. What a joke. What an embarrassment So I think that somebody other people on this station ought to be raising holy hell too now the humper Of course, he's Not a position right now to be raising too much hell. You know, they took him to the rich at last wake right But somebody other people on there I think it's about time that you looked around and started siphoned the appadels okay because it was then this week Maybe it might be your ass next week okay For something you least suspect it might be I guarantee a one thing this show will not be the scapegoat of this radio station or any other radio station for the FCC You can bet your edges life on it, okay and Greg and the and clearance better lives on it For this thing is still got that and just phenomenal color. I think this something I'm a miracle happen. We'll don't touch it Or just touch that WQM hello QAM Yeah, I got a great suggestion for you actually played yesterday eight people crowd the bag was covered by stones Right good choice and the only other thing I can think of is another great air Smith cover which was Help to shelter by the Beatles. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Let's do the the first one. Okay To proud of back originally the tentation and the stone's done it Don't done a pretty good version of it didn't me Yeah, pretty good not the tentation so I mean the original is usually the best What do you think was the best remake of a hit song? All along to watch star Jimmy hundred seventy nine not kind of heavens door guns in rows of 69. Oh I will always love you Whitney Houston 22 twist and shout the Beatles 21 you really got me Van Halen 19 Southern cross Jimmy Buffett 18 blinded by the white manford man 17 see you love the hundred year for 17 cocaine Eric Clapton 14 The Carthor Park Donna summer 13 you got a friend James Taylor 12 Oh, do I despise James Taylor and the sad part is I used to like him, you know Yeah, no, he feel he just hung around too long just go away Jimmy low commotion cadmium and O12 proud Mary I continue to turn her 12 if there was you until there was you up Beatles 12 it's my life no doubt 11 Walked this way run DMC 11 and locomotion by grand funk with an N 10 say that very carefully articulate articulate 57 at 560 Q a Just a one to two hour it's a phenomenon oh Don't evenankind just follow onto Everybody's finding I'm gonna be a bad man. I just do it today. In the eyes of things you need. It's um, it's watching all of you. Everyone does a speech. I'm so bad. I'm so bad. I'm so bad. It's for the day. I'm so bad. Ooh. It's for the day. I just do it today. Yeah, gotta hate those juice. And with the Zibaro stew. Because of everything we tell you. And the St. Ronu. Blood War for the Cold Red. Feel up your head, gun, hey. I'm hoping to need you. Back as to yesterday. We don't mind you see our job, though. A bad economy's good. We're passing naked by K. No, don't be no stupid. Ooh. All the hell are in place. They're all in place. They're all in place. They're all in place. They're passing, they're in place. The past of the American way. Oh, everybody's turning five. Yeah. But just you wear a stay. You understand? Stop walking straight. Everybody's moving. One, two, three, five, six. The WQM happy Friday to it. Just keep an eye out your window now. It's all on a tight. We're going to be a good group. We did Shaw's on dumb. More in the 70s. I'm going to spell for you because you got it on the facts. OK. Shaw's on dumb. By Arton Doddy Todd, he originally was a corny song. But it was OK. And we done by Manhattan Transfer. There you go. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. The pound, five, six, six. The pound, five, six. The party died. I'm going to be a little bit of a week. A mile south of Atlanta, Col. Just pass the Potorama. And especially if you live at Wynmore or one of those places, be sure and come by and say how to enjoy it. Georgia will have prizes of questionable value, but they'll be free. And of course free sandwiches, courtesy of Atlanta City subs. Spread the word through all the AK villages in Pompano that Georgia will be there with free food. So Georgia will sell it to you guys. And it's stuff, Josh, for food, fun, and high jinx tomorrow. What is that? High jinx crap. And a great time. How many stuff that will show up on a website one day? Already there. At a Cardi-Dog and Federal Highway and Beautiful Pompano Beach, noon to two tomorrow. And then of course we got the big Odoanist thing, which will give that another plug later on. All the plugs all the time. Why not? It kills good time. That's what I say. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pompano, 5, 60, on a AT&T, and Verizon Wireless, what do you think was the best we make of a hit song ever? Not what you had taught ten. Now what's your a couple or three or four? Which one? Best ever. WQM? Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. I guess one for you full. Okay. Banana Ramma. Thanks, guys. I'm some Venus. And it was also record that say they released it in over some three weeks to get number one. I'll be damned. You mean Frankie Avalon's Venus? Yes. Okay. Thanks, Bally. No. Shocking Venus. I beg your pardon? Shocking Blue. Oh, Shocking Blue's Venus. That Venus. Not Venus. Oh Venus. Shocking Blue. That's a great song. Well, there's so many Venuses. There's Frankie Avalon. They're Shocking Blue. I just don't remember being in a Ryan. But I'm sure if I heard it. I would say, oh yeah, that sounds just like Shocking Blue. How Shocking? They butchered it. Did they? Bad. Well, I'm sure glad I missed it. I'm sure I didn't miss it. I'm sure I heard it. But it probably like, you know, took it out of my mind. I like just exercised it. Shocking Blue and you're my Venus. I remember that vividly. Of course we can't say Venus because it sounds too much like f*** on the air so we can't do it. 567. We'll get that on there. Okay. Got it. All along the watch star 84, not going to have it in this door. Guns in rows of 73. I will always love you. Whitney Houston only 22. So like I said before, it's a tourist race so far. WQM. Hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. I don't know. I don't know. I'm sorry. I have it on the list or not. But respect by Rita Franklin. Yeah, we got it. Oh, okay. Thanks, Sally. We just put that on to a short time ago. Didn't we? Yes. Oh, thank goodness. Because that would be bad if I lied. I'm dying if I'm lying. I don't see it on there. I don't see no respect. I don't see no your wreath for Franklin. I said it. I read it. But I think somebody screwed up. Big time. Do you see it on there? I'm looking. It's on there. I just saw your wreath. Wait a minute. One moment please. Just got a lot of votes. There it is. Oh, and for some reason, put it in capital letters. Oh, make sure I was missing. Because she spells it out in the song. Yeah. RESP-ECT. 7. RES. Oh, don't say P. RES. RES. P.C.T. RAM would that sector me. W.T.Q.M. Hello. You're wearing the sire. Hey. I want for you. All right. Let's see here. What's your oven for? It's on call. That was just a clown. You're even a English beat. You're even a home? English beat. English beat. The English beat. The English beat. The English beat. English beat. English beat. English beat. Oh, can't say beat, man. All right. Thanks. English beat. Yeah. The tears of a clown. Yeah. Never heard of it. Are you just made that up? Okay. I saw that movie. Gaslight was it again? Gaslight. George Raff. Tears of a clown. Miracles. There ain't no English beat. Now what was that? Like in the last five minutes? No. Like late eighties. Well, it was much of a hit. But anyway, put it on there. It might think I happy. Make everybody happy. I never heard of it. And I've been on it lately. A lot of other people never did neither. Don't be messing around with Smokey Robinson. Okay. Quite frankly, a volume of more town singers and groups. He, I don't know. The miracles were okay. You know? If I liked it, it was a miracle. Why not? But he brings a QAM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What about Ron and Fizz? Ron and Fizz? What was their song? No, no. What? Ron and Fizz. What? Ron and Fizz. I guess what? They're going to midday on that real radio station. Yeah. What do you think about that? I don't think anything about them. Did they do you or them? Yeah. But you can't do it because it's clear channel. Clear channel. Yeah. Sit. Okay. boring. See, it's not the Orlando guy. I think it's secure about Orlando radio. We don't. We're not interested in real radio on real radio. Ron and Fizz. Same old stuff. Strippers in the studio. They're getting, you know, all kinds of stuff going on. See, there's a good example. Like I said the other day. These were guys who didn't just have a bunch of naked, skanks running around the studio. There was stuff going on, man. Stuff in the passion building. Buddy bud. Born again. Goody to use. Buddy bud. Packs him with his packs network. Holy wholesome. McCrap. For all of America. To go to sleep too. But some picture pops up on a website somewhere. Last September. And incident that it was in the studio. And all of a sudden joy. I still think we're, we're both right about the. Economic thing about. They don't want to pay it anymore. That's all. So they had to come up with some layman's excuse. In fact, who knows? Who knows what the real story is back there? Who really saw that picture or why it was playin' on the sand? Right. I just, um, not buying it. Sounds like a totally controlled story to me. Somebody. Oh, I don't want you out. There's a great song by the castaways. Which we all know. It's called. That's the great read theme song. They make up more stories. More BS than of course, birds of a feather hang out and play to ban you when a go three together. So the bees lies and Greg man. They're up there doing it. WQAM hello. Yeah. Speaking. Hey, Neil. I got one for your bull. Yes, sir. Uh. Uh. You locked that loving feeling, all in a. Con, loads. All right. I, yeah. I didn't see it on the viz before. I'm not on the red. Well, okay. Thanks. That's correct. You've lost that loving feeling. The righteous brothers. One of them is rolling over and is gravy. The other one is wonder where he left the good drugs. Hall and oats. What we got, we got that one cute bit. It's not, it's not really funny. But then again, we can't play anything funny any more anyway. So I have to be cute. Not funny. And you play it like kind of fun. I got a funny night. But just to get tonight. Like a lush rock out. Go in the heart of the charge. I'm in the puppet. I'm not feeling too good. I think I'm not by the bar. Hi. I'm Darrell Hall. And you know, even though my hair looks really good. And I got a great bar. And all the women really love me. I got a problem. High cholesterol. So that's why I ate this new Hall of No Brands cereal. Every taste of little flakes. It's just like my partner John set their bigger and they don't hold back my career. Anyway, before you've lost that living feeling, rock and roll with a healthy bowl of Hall of No Brands. Hey, it's the only thing I like better than me. Oh, child bone. As a milk and chew it up. Try some whole and old. Be a great eater. Hall of No Brands cereal. From the makers of Guns and Raisins. Oh, have a bowl. Be a great eater. That had this moment. It was okay. I give it about a three and a half on a scale of 10. Here's a good facts. Neil, I want to let you know why our gas prices are skyrocketing. The old pet countries are trying to remove a present they're afraid of so they can retreat or back to a Muslim control. The major old pet countries are afraid they'll lose control of their countries if they do a rack of men succeeds with a democratic government and the people get too much freedom. So what better way to disrupt our election? This raised crude oil prices hope the next administration will pull out all of our troops and let the next terrorist run ramp and all my god. This is a Bush looking facts like I said, a really lame facts idiotic pathetic. Loona to ride. Maybe that's why Bush runs around with Prince Van D'Armen Armhand in hand. Maybe that's why they're kissing up in the tree. Says I'm not a right wing fanatic, but I don't want to for a government trying to fix a revolution just something to think about. I thought about it and you're wrong, you fool of crap. Anyway, here are three Canadian pronunciations which drive me nuts. And of course, to show you that this packaging, there's some of you people, you know, you facts this stuff like, oh wow, you really know something, you know nothing. Three for three Canadians don't say that only French Canadians frog say three. Okay, three. A boot for about that one's right and project for project that is correct. You have two out of three and two out of three and then they say Marx instead of great. And I would say Biggo back up in the tree. Now they do spell things kind of strange like the brits like labor is LAB 80UR, labor FLAVOURA, a project. And of course, you left out the most obvious one for all of us hockey fans. The organization, okay? The organization. And by the way, anybody over here of Marcus Nolson? One 13 that five sixty WQM hates bringing the savings right now and saved like never before on a new car truck from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. There are US one just 20 simple easy minutes out of the 836. Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead's worth of drive no matter where you live because they're going to save you. A ton of cash on your great new Toyota. Check out these great leases waiting for it Armstrong's right now. And over a camera or four runner for just 269 bucks a month before the eight months. How about an old four calendar for just 309 a month? Need a truck? How about an old four Toyota, Tundra? The safest truck in America? You pay only 1709 bucks a month for 48 months. These are just some of the fabulous savings going on right now. At Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. And now with the tool increases on those of you using cash on the turn bike. Armstrong's Toyota Homestead will give you a free sun pass when you get your new car truck to. General manager David Rich and his staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota with an unbeatable deal today. So experience the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference locally on an operated. They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction. The service department has even opened late till 8 week nights to make sure that your service work is done and done right. I keep telling it's easy to get there no matter where you live in South Florida because they're right at US one. And 2 93rd Street in Homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836. So please do yourself a favor. Don't waste your time with those mega dealers or car giants who always over promised under delivering gifts in other dealership under 40 pretenses. Do the smart things shop where you can trust the folks. David Rich and Armstrong Toyota Homestead. Call number 305242 3247 that's 305 24232 47. Drab a little save a lot on your great new Toyota and Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. My life and look at this is for Toyota 502. You way too way. Goodbye every town. At 5 6 O W Q A How so popular like nothing you've seen before. Excuse me. I think father. What is it my child? We have something I miss tell you. What is it my daughter? Oh father, I am afraid to tell you. Afraid to tell me your own father. I fear I will be ashamed upon our family. Lonsons, I am your father. I love you very much. You must tell me which is wrong. You promise you was to love me. Of course my sweet child. A father's love is not erased by a simple mislead. Very well. I am. I am pregnant. Oh I see. Do you still love me father? Of course I do. But since you're pregnant and not married. Yes father. I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square. And with the help of my friends and neighbors, I will stay with you today. Oh my daughter. If he is written that this is the punishment for what you have done. You check again father. You can't find it. You can't find it. Only the ground it. I am not. The ground is not what. I'm not used to it. I'm not used to it. It's the first step. The focus is on a fundamentalist Middle East in the family. May I speak with you my esteemed husband. What is it my wife? I have something to tell you. I am having an affair. Oh, right. I'm going. I'm going. I'll take it back. You are going to collect some stone. What do you mean? Yes. I must drag you to the town square. But where are you? Of course. Be stone today. You'll be an heir. I've traveled live for the internet family. They deal with the many problems that play. Oh, may I speak with you my esteemed father. It's my son. You're going to have to ask that easy legal drugs. Well, what do you know? You are one lucky boy. Oh, why is that father? You are going to get stone two nights in a row. You are a little bit of a... You are a little bit of a... You're guiding she is. The guiding she is a shaman location in fact. I don't know. Because the I hope you are you disgusting old koot So Rami built the stadium okay, he didn't matter why I'm what he realized that he was gonna have to do it himself He didn't keep whining and running around with his hand out like Wayne like certain billionaires that we know like Wayne Your boss on it was a fight away who hates you like poison? Well, I just mentioned it in passing I'm better remember that I have that on very good authority from inside the organization That Wayne hates more like poison, but nevertheless Unlike Wayne and other billionaires running around real build the city where we're gonna go We're like the Marlin people build the sustainability. We're gonna go buy by all of that crap So you can knock to your robbie all you want and he wasn't really very pleasant guy I have lots of problems with your robbie, but nevertheless He built the stadium that your broadcast in the games in right now. Shmuck yeah punk Idiot Mooron even I like him. He didn't pick my pocket. I'm listening right Didn't force the taxpayers to pay no granted the rest of his family and I needed a real nightmare But that's too bad because he's dead now anyway Joe Neil how about the Atari's remake of the Eagles boys of summer. Well first of all it wasn't the Eagles that was done Himmley by himself, but nevertheless The Atari's got it. We got it boys the summer I mean we don't want a nitpick with the Tucker who's a good faccier, but nevertheless I hope we don't know Tucker Carlson with his vote tie 560 5060 pound five 60 if you if you if you have never seen the monitor like this You must see it. Is it black and yellow? No, it's black and green. Oh Yeah, you say you don't a thing Come to QM hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hey. I called I called your station and Guys is I said I'd like to speak to someone to express my displeasure of the Joe Mark show being we moved up here right He says so that you have a name of someone That's a no-k you don't mean one. Thank you. You don't got a name. I don't know who you can talk to and hung up He hung up on you. Don't you think that you would that they would know? I mean that's a pretty pretty good question But yeah, he knows who you ought to be talking to either Dolphinsie or Clarence or Dero or a great read on one of the amandement people The guy answers the fall for most patients. No, no, no, don't don't say guy The word you're looking for is Ting that Ting right and I thought they're Joe and Mark Picture on another site called grove slam dot com and it's not to that I mean, it was an evening that I would have never seen groves Right, bro like open a grove It's somewhere in the gallery. That's what but I thought a long time ago Yeah, and it's must do about nothing. Yeah, I agree Well, he'll keep going call him back again bitch him out. Okay, which that Ting out? Oh, I love you. I keep being in a way. Okay Hangs up on one of our listeners. Okay. That's nice. Haven't had that's that's come back See it's okay for him to keep the job. He must have naked pictures out there that freaky Carlos They're not on the internet. Yeah, not yet yet Dressed up like Susan Pucci Kuchi, Luchi Here's Jim. This is a long time list drivers suggestion for you You could place a link directly to the FCC home page So everyone is easy access to those fascists to provide their views Well, if you go to neorodges.com on our home page And you'll see on top. It doesn't really explain it to well because a lot of people and we're gonna even me I forgot what those color KC JJ's free speech about it's at the very top above the yellow abandoned it says We're nation one KSA JJ's free speech at the on which is what this station. Iowa City. I would did all day yesterday And they have it's not very well written now, but nevertheless it's there It's got the address the phone number for the White House It's got the people in Congress. It's got the FCC They're email they're addressed their phone number. They're a yati-yati-yati, okay? In fact, there it is right now. Peter communications commission the address phone numbers facts It said we're Michael Powell all of those things So just click on at the banner there that says KC JJ what it also and it'll take the right to it. Thanks Jim Good point Because I like to do something But this is the most frustrating feeling I've ever had in 40 some years in a year 391 to 22 now these people in any idea what they're voting for oh, no, they're voting for God They're voting for decency they're voting for clemenus and purity And where's everybody else? Where the liberals were the Democrats were the free speech defenders. Where's the ACLU? Opportunity only people. I got to hear somewhere I wouldn't waste my time with other because it's it's pointless now I hope I didn't Schmidt can it The after people the American Federation of Radio I already threw that and One of the reason I threw it out is because they sent all the members of Congress yesterday before the vote They sent them a passion plea I think we might have put it on the website. I'm thinking I'm interested in it. You're begging them not to vote for this thing and they're explaining them how that it's it's just a It's just an open habit of to start finding people and take away free speech just to make it up as you go along And obviously they really listen very carefully to what the after people had to say right and it's up to you It's an election year, baby, which of course is the reason that Michael Powell and his band of fascists brought this up this year They use the genit action just and think about flat at the Super Bowl just as an excuse Which is why I'm starting to wonder not that I'm a conspiracy theorist but the geonmark thing It seems to me especially of budget cuts that we've heard lately at QAM See it's one thing and maybe I'm totally off the base like I can't make the accusation But I'm suspicious of it because something that my nude something that ludicrous ridiculous to use that is an excuse to fire for people I'm not buying it You have to be so panicky or like a junelson hanging out at your house every day with her depends You probably have to borrow borrow most back 15 20 30 times a day catch my drift I mean if you want to say well guess what we have budget cutbacks We can't afford a live show in a morning. There's no revenue coming something like that We wish you guys luck we want to keep geon on Saturdays you know what I'm saying? What do you say? We wouldn't like you at least I think somebody could understand that so there's a save-jorn mark section on one page No good save-jorn mark section on neorodges.com good and I hope that somebody other people have worked on this radio station Some of whom seem only interested in their own asses. I hope that they might open up them out too, okay? Because like I said in a current environment they could be next 415 It's why day you beste You're frh touches friends Ventures all within You're offline A of y eating Get a chance get a chance Going close to my early ex The time is rainy, you'll be walking taking place They don't listen to like the storm and how to play And try to wait for the moment I was in the plan And you'll make sure they get control the little ears Oh, yeah, I'm not in this full race They're driving you the baby of the heart We're gentle, you'll be the baby of the start We're gentle, you'll be the baby of the start We're gentle, you'll be the baby of the start We're gentle, you'll be the baby of the start 130, oh, Eric, this is the email me stuff in really juicy man We need to set our website, Eric Top radio and TV station contributors to the political campaigns Okay Guess what company is number one in political contributions? Click here 2004 that means this year Crouch out a good guess 318,501 bucks 20% of Democrats 80% of Republicans National Association of Broadcasters 282,373 36% of Democrats 64 Republicans Even the Hispanic Broadcasting Group, 16,03 40% of Democrats 60% of Republicans almost 50 50 Now Over the Salem Communications is number six, they've contributed almost 80 grand zero to Democrats 100% of Republicans Beesley Broadcasting is number five five Yeah, oh number nine 47,750 bucks have been donated 4% of Democrats 96% of Republicans Westwood, one which is 13th is donated 37,595% of Democrats Only 5% of Republicans but bereq I don't know what they are, bereq broadcasting group 275 Allterbury Republicans, College Sports TV 275 all the Democrats Lagron Cadena, I don't know what that is, some spik thing 26 grand all the Democrats, what is it? It means big chain, what for what it's worth The big chain, you have a big chain around your neck It's a human chain, channel electric 17,975 67% to Democrats 33% of Republicans I'm going to have a lot of the cops people on here, I don't see a cops broadcasting on here anywhere MS Communications, this is the MS 82% of Democrats 18% of Republicans I don't see anything on here from infinity, from Why anything has to do with their via come anything? Follow what I'm saying, we need to sign our website, Feesley Broadcasting, 4% of Democrats 96% of the Republicans Out of 47,750 bucks, this is the same company right away That can afford to pay Booker Brand that extra 50 bucks a week for that Those comedy bits that I still haven't got an answer on yet 50 bucks a week, okay? And they just gave away 50 grand most of it to the Anxious right wing, who want to sign on seven yank their license, okay? Who are yanking their chain right now as we speak? Oh man! Clear channel, we can understand an even clear channel Give 20% least a Democrats, which is no big great, Beesley's 4% Wow, it's enough to make you want to cry, isn't it? Get that on our website, also we got the saved you on Marko, Think on our website too, click on it And if you want to just, I'm no idea how that thing We got out of the front desk, just give her a holy hell Leave a message for Duff Lindsey, leave a message for Clarence Dero, Josh Dero, that's who you ought to be calling Josh Dero, the PD Because Duff's been on our, or anyway, going a busman's holiday, he needs it He needs a lobotomy So call Clarence 305 6536796, tell me, we want you on Marko back on Sunday night or else We're also going to like P on your parade 305 6536796, Crimson and Culver are John Jett Old Tommy James and the Shondale said, John Jett got it Got it 5605050, Tom 560, it makes me just want to scream Just want a good try When I take a look at that 96% of these people are given to the Republicans Wow, what a bunch of those pickers man, no wonder They spent all their time up in the tree plane of banjo WDQAM hello Hi Neil Yes ma'am I just make me sick Next new one of the poof Yeah, before I get into that I only want to be with you by the base city roll, or do you remember that? I don't remember who you are That's the Springfield, does the Springfield have you written on? Ah yes And the base city roll was excellent, good one Thank you I have been in my form of years Exactly This Bush administration I'm so proud of John Kerry for not backing down on that Right, that's right You know I wasn't his biggest fan, although I vote for anybody Against Bush But I was really proud of him for not backing down on that Well, not only that, but as I watched him speak the last few days He's really doing a good job He looks presidential, he's not backing away from anything He's really taking a gloves off And unlike the whimpyness that we had with Dukakis and some of those people It's about time we had a real fight around there Right, I was really getting worried though that he was going to back down And apologize and all that crap But I'm very happy And on NPR this morning, we're talking about other mics I have to listen to NPR now that Howard's gone And they actually played that one We're during the campaign of 2000 Where he said the Cheney's at home from the reporter And he played the entire song and he said, I like it I'm proud Yeah All right, anybody with Bush? Hang in there, please If you're a woman, if you're a... ...couldering, if you're minority If you're anybody, but that rich and white and male You gotta get out and vote these people out Amen, and vote 15 or 20 or maybe But third man At least For less we'd our thanks 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T And for our lives, she gave me a little bit of hope Just a little glimmer there I think Carrie has been doing a good job Since you know who I am after? I think I should say things like that like a whole lot more Right, because you'll notice they didn't waste any time He didn't even have the thing I'll wrapped up Yeah, but they were peeing in their pants in the White House So they started that crap with Matt Fudge And the thing about his affair with the intern And he had to flashing lights on the website And they're putting out all this crap Like he said, there are a bunch of liars and crooks That's it, what's wrong with that? Why should you apologize for telling the truth? There are a bunch of liars and crooks Just like I'm telling you that our management of QA is incompetent, which we've known that for a long time There's nothing wrong with the truth It's just you free And if you say too much, it'll set you free like Permanent Ha ha ha ha 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 On the AT&T and Verizon line WCQA, hello QA, M QA, M Hello QA, M Not there WCQ, M, hello Hey, Neil, how's it going? Pretty good I just wanted to congratulate you And Eric, I think you said his name is For the website I mean, everything on the website Right, we got about the best website in the world I really believe that it's fabulous I don't know about the world, but you, he's a guy Other than, of course, those pornographic ones We're spending most of our time on, but other than that No, you're very generous with your content And make it a bit available I think more people should know that there's more than just stories out there Right You're going, Neil Okay, thanks And another thing, we don't charge to go into our website There's nothing on there you have to pay for We don't charge for that Because we don't have a bunch of big fat egos I've got a couple of big fat people, meaning me and Eric I don't have any big fat egos All got some bad news, I almost forgot about this And the reason that I almost forgot is because CNN is in button you tell us anything about it Maybe they slipped it on here for about two seconds A bomb blast is killed two US soldiers And wounded a third on a road 70 kilometers west of Baghdad The combat soldiers vehicle, which was serving as an escort in a convoy Strucker homemade bomb in Habanilla The death's bring to 267 number of troops reported by the Pentagon As killed since the end of major combat may first And we're getting close to 600 total Earlier the US led coalition reported that two Iraqi women Employed at a coalition laundry in the southern city of Bosra Have been killed by a gunman who raked their taxi with bullets Also on Monday, Wednesday evening US soldier was mortally wounded And a roadside bomb attack in the central town of Bakaba So they're dying now and it's not even news anymore on CNN See, laying a wreath in commemoration of those killed and injured In those terror attacks Oh, yeah, that's right. There's the president laying a wreath Of course, he's not visiting the graves Or attending the funerals of any of our soldiers Whose lives are being sacrificed for fun and profit By him and his neocons, by him and his fascist regime Not to an add And he only originally had an hour for 9-11 commission Until they held his feet to the fire and said, I guess what they ain't good enough He was busy making TV commercials for two hours But he only had an hour to testify Because unlike the problems he was singing, I don't want to testify I don't want to Kind of like some of my relatives, I don't want Whatever the question is, I don't want 21 till 2, the mad dog, you two I know the mad dogs gonna be making a strenuous defensive Joann Mark DeSach, no one probably spent his entire time on it And the humble room saw he had a way to fight He's gonna have to do what you had very recently He's gonna raise some holy hell today And please, I'm your life, we do what I'm the steers Instead they're calling me fascines Some loud words in the going fine But soon it will be shall we're tying Now it's a little noisy to hide dream and drive Now it's a little noisy, I don't want to go in strides It's like in the calcetale It's no fun in the home Let's in the calcetale What's in this discovery? I told you that At about a 2 second floor by now We saw Todd Bertuisey doing that hit in the hockey game How many times, how many thousand times yesterday On certainly not news? About 30 man And by the way, to see him clear channel stands for censorship You know, I had this store on Wednesday never got around to it It's kind of cute, not gonna happen, but it's kind of interesting Republican Senator John McCain allowed a glimmer of hope Wednesday for Democrats fantasizing about a bipartisan team to defeat president Bush McCain City would consider the unorthodox step of running for vice president on the Democratic ticket in the unlikely of any received such an offer from the presidential candidate John Kerry is a close friend of mine He said we've been friends for years, obviously I would entertain the idea But in the McCain emphasized how unlikely the idea was It's impossible to imagine the Democratic Party seeking a pro-life Freed trading non-protectionist deficit hawk The Arizona Senator told ABC's Good Morning America during interview about the illegal steroid use They'd have to be taking some steroids I think in order to let that happen Unlike some other Republican senators, McCain has some rally against Kerry a fellow Vietnam vet, McCain called the Kerry Bush contest The nastiest campaign so far that we've seen And city preferred campaigning for candidates Instead of against their opponents I think that's a great idea don't you? Sure, that's the Kerry McCain What's not to like? Kerry's a thanks from Joe, what? Kerry came Facts from Joe who says it's an unwritten law my home Never listen to a clear channel station you go Joe Instead of close 94, I listen to light 101.5 And serious jazz 88.9 Kiss countries always my choice for she had kick in music WLRN does better than that experienced news team at the Welfa's Isle of Dream, snooze radio, Sox10 Ask for the beat well I'm white so Be sure to check out Kurt channels list of songs with questionable content You won't believe what they've got on there And he's got a website where you can check them For your pull he says how about you spin me around like a record Originally done by did a reliable covered by dope The metal band not Gregory You spin me around by dope Got it? Got it got it Here's one it says so you've already got comes and roses Remake of Dylan's knockout on Heaven's door A But what about the even better we make of the same song by Warren Zeeva Last year, there's no problem with that we got two versions of our locomotion Warren Zeeva And knockout on Heaven's door got it got it And Johnny Cash also did a version which might be the best of all he says As the quantum coco he says Zeeva was dying when we recorded And of course since has died and he already knew it to a powerful crab Stuff Thanks, quantum coco Larry and Cole Spring says Call QM to complain about you and Mark being off the air and he hung up on me What gives was that Carlos the Ed and the answer to your question is that was it That'd be it How do you like that? Well I give you a better idea because I don't think Clare is going to hang up on you And you can also facts him You can set our program director of facts and you will not be a disconnected or hung up on 305 7041556 If you don't get these numbers from me you're going to be on our website on that saved you on Mark thing 3057741556 Or you can call Clare in our PD or lustiest little PD and say hand between sports Maybe do something constructive and go there and pee under Greg's door And yes, I'm going to put the pictures on the website of me posing with a naked donkey Like I said it'll be on George's personal website 3056536796 is number for the that's a general number You can ask for a Josh Dero or program director And if I want to get any reports if the it gives you any trouble hangs up on you I want to know because you know something there is somebody deserve to get canned right there that thing That thing Some of the people including many many people who don't even work at the station But just people who had to come into the building to pick something up or deliver something Over the last few years of commented and what kind of a creature is that you have sitting there To greet and meet people when they come into your place of employment And of course the only answer we could give you would Ehh Embarrassing that's only where I can use embarrassing Conservative group loses been to join Broward suit over game marriage A Broward judge yesterday denied a petition from a religious legal organization When we're lawsuit over game marriage the liberty council which advocates conservative Christian values Had requested to be a party in lawsuit against Broward County clerk reports seeking the right to gate couples to marry Liberty council opposes game marriage and wanted to represent churches Broward circuit judge Richard E. denied a request to the Indian women pursuit to those who have a direct interest in the case Clerk reports Howard Forman is the defendant in the case gate couple James Stewart 61 loved him in the rear window And Wayne Clark or Shinnissa that and Wayne Clark 54 of the New Beach are challenging the states ban on gay marriage and Partners gay right to benefit in Tampa Oh my god Gay and other unmarried partners of city employees will be allowed municipal health benefits under an order sign yesterday by Tampa Mayor Pam Iorio For filling a campaign pledge from a year ago Iorio made the move effective January 1st 2005 after the city's benefits enrollment period October It's a progressive steps. She said it acknowledges not all employees are married but they're in committed relationships Some public officials on community leaders welcome to move Fantastic said Nadine Smith director of equality floor a died Tampa base gay right scoop the mayor has had a longstanding commitment to equality Pretty like that. Oh hot and that's a real Yahoo brother. I have to say it's a real Yahoo play. Oh, no, we know So a little tiny baby steps there you go 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. It's still flashing green and black. It's a beautiful thing W to QA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. I wanted to just my way for the poll By the sex pistols by the sex pistols. Yes, okay Okay, I was mouthful of care. It sounds like okay. Thank you. Okay. Say how do you horse sex pistols my way? Who else did my way that after Frank Sinatra ripped it off? I mean it was the other one. I don't know. I'll come on Well, that's good enough WQ and hello Yes sir, whatever happened to that wonderful island dreams. I saw the tower was up the radio tower The new tower was down Wild. Oh, I hate that station. Yeah That's you know the original spot. I had the big tower with the wires on it and then it was gone for a couple of months And then they had another tower up there But I'm hearing is that they're gonna go off the air on Monday. They'll be off the air Haven't you heard that all the time? That's a rumor. I'm starting. I'm hearing at WYD. We off the air on Monday And I think the other cheap channel stations too, which has saved money They will continue selling advertising, but they're gonna be showing their transmiters off for several months And orders to conserve on juice That's the new slow to the cheap channel save the juice Birds of a feather do it together. 150 what it 560 QAM We're almost forgot the Ted Rawl column. You forgot to remind me. Hey, don't forget that Ted Rawl column Ted Rawl, first they came for the shockjocks the censoring of Howard Stern he writes During the 50s actors and screenwriters sympathetic to progressive and radical causes found a nearly impossible A gear work though they couldn't prove it black ball Hollywood talent new weather telephones It's top-reaching somewhere behind the scenes. Someone powerful. Someone who believe that America was composed only of two kinds of people Communist and right-thinking souls like themselves was working the silence them. We tell our kids that America learned from a carfias and but a new version of the red scare is being born in this new century Powerbrokers connected to what Howard Clinton comes to the call the vast right wing conspiracy The Bush Chinese Neo conservative war profitiers the Christian right in their media allies at Fox News and Clear Channel Operate out in the open their goal to crush personalities whose influence and eloquence threatens their plan to be cast the US and their white head or sexual Pro business image Ironically two of the hard rights recent high profile speech martyrs Bill Maure and Howard Stern Our libertarians a group who's distrust a big government traditionally prompts them to vote Republican ABC a subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company a major political contributed to Bush's 2000 presidential campaign Other Republicans canceled Mars politically incorrect TV show after 9.11 now over on AM radio the Bush controlled FCC is targeted the Howard Stern For trumped up decency violations in a classic tag team move clear channel communications the Thousands station plus BMets so closely led with the White House that it organized publish rallies for America during the run up to the invasion of Iraq declared student violation of a brand new zero tolerance policy for honor and decency clear channel to align in the sand today with regard to protecting our listeners from a decent content Howard Stern show blue right through it clear channel president John Hogan said before dropping students Proclusive indicated program clear channel is willing to lose money to promote its political agenda from its stations Siding three separate FCC sources Stern says he expects to be hit by a huge blind and fired It's over for me for a broadcast recid last week. I'm check-mated. All they got to do is find an affinity and more gone And there's nothing we can do about it on March 50 added. I'm guessing that sometime next week will be my last show on this station There's a cultural war going on the religious right is winning we're losing If clear channel truly had a two zero tolerance policy on decency Stern points out of wouldn't have hired file mouthwriving Republican Michael Savage as its KPRCA M host in Houston Savage they infamously shouted that homosexual should get AIDS and die and MSNBC The real reason he's being attacked Stern says is that he dared to criticize George W. Bush If you don't think me going after Bush got me thrown off those stations you got nothing coming says Howard My days here are numbered because I dare to speak out against the Bush administration and say that the religious agenda of George W. Bush Concerning stem cell research and gate and what he's doing with the FCC is pushing his religious agenda And also the fact that the guy takes more vacation time than any president and ever I don't think we can stop a short of me calling up the president saying look man I'm going to support you so don't do this The new McCarthyism doesn't always flow from the top down the New York Times which has published my editorial cartoons for 13 years through three presidents Suddenly exes ex eyes from its website on March 1 leaving a Soviet style hole on its comics page In an or while he intuased it even deleted the archives After two years of monitoring cartoons by Ted Rawl we decided that while he often does good work We found some of his humor without him keeping with the tone we try to set for New York Times dot com Stammer Day time digital spokesperson to editor in publisher magazine when any censorship complaints began coming in We recognize an obligation to which your are uses what we published that what we published doesn't offend the reasonable sensibilities of our audience To is credit to papers on but's been wrote that he disagreed with the decision Those reasonable sensibilities at times inside or tells me have less to do with the tone than political content As the most liberal cartoonist in the group of 10 I worked through a disproportion number of emails from anoid Republicans Adding to an already short-staff department's workload. It wasn't tone times digital were sick of the hassle my source says they kept other cartoons that were formal objectionable Cowardist meet laziness time magazine was so afraid of the possibility of right wing hate mail that it stopped running any political cartoons after 9-11 The internet has become the tool a choice for the previously powerless email forwarding hyperlinks and blogs a genre dominated by right wingers Allows anyone with a used gateway computer in the dialogue connection to rally hundreds of like-minded individuals to put in click Instantly firing off fiery letters to the bosses of radio talk show host cartoonist and columnist to offend their sensibilities Here's the feedback form for Yahoo's opinion syndicate a blog called the agitator suggest right in tell them it's time to drop Ted Rawls column Though papers should everyone roll again house Andrew Sullivan a time magazine columnist who also writes the country's most prominent extreme right blog I reach out of our readers direct the New York Times urges and other hates site. Here's their contact page ever to the publisher this morning A few liberals try to censor conservatives but most opponents of the first amendment reside on the right All like congressional staffers accused of rather accustomed to the phenomenon of mass letter writing campaigns aging editors at old school print outlets like the times Don't comprehend that they're being fooled and manipulated by fringe interest groups most of whose members don't even buy their newspaper and a believing that these orchestrated correspondence campaigns Reflect general genuine reader outrage and so the bullies get their way the right is running scared There were some economic schemes that revealed to be as fragile as their fake president who's pull numbers are plummeting as he turns to face uncorrected Risk on characteristically unified Democrats because they had no record worth defending and no ideas anyone will believe the new McCarthy I tell only one line of defense left censoring their opponents the question this time is will anyone stand up for free speech Says Ted Rawl George has got that in Well anyone's dead of how about those 22 members of congress yesterday against 391 stood up for free speech 22 391 to 22 we have got a Chinaman sense and purgatory baby. We have a got a Chinaman sense and hell So I'll see at the border, right? This station stands for caca