Good news today boys and girls. Big Marlins game 1255, which we say. Alright. Bush hates gays, Bush hates gays. See how he'll pass, a gay amendment ban, while octafinthens is gonna go to become a married home. Well, we discussed it unless you're a hipster, well-cused Bush hates gays. Very thick of a'faymb. And after lunch he played against the gayimmune. Ohh, you see how he'd noticed. At last night... But dumb ur say those fangirlies don't really fit. The fan of a law bailer's name. I don't even know where to speak! I Nice one mixed loose are good piezon. We can always come on to attract them 10 out to at five 60 WM or even oh always throw in those in for bonus bad those You won't hear too many of places because it's in no longer news no more other dead American soldier in Iraq Torthin and American soldier was killed this morning after roadside bomb exploded while as kind of a was passing by the Western Military said This was in Ticree the you sold it was the first member the first infantry division which is replacing the fourth He was the first of this division to die in Iraq And now the total is 553 Most of these deaths occurring after the president for shit back in the May 1st. I'll come back over we won Just one of them things 2016 votes on yesterday's poll. We better talk a real fast today, okay? What do you think more is thinking about in Kiyoli and Joe and all this other stuff after that very jackass Call them in a hell as once again Greg read continues programming and floating out travel wounds and bury jackass is column in his paper It's not I know embarrassing. It's humiliating and degrading Man, seriously suppose you got a contract and you working every day We know you're rating sucked like mo and everybody hates you like poisons like mo and all of a sudden you read in very jackass that We're considering putting Howard Stern on the morning. I Listening don't light a fire under my acid inspired me to do a much better show Well, maybe you're not capable of a much better show 2016 votes on yesterday's poll Why isn't a public up and arm and that way of apologize for your expelling but he's had a lot of stress stifle Kind of like sniffle right why is in the public up at arms about the government's efforts to stifle free speech Because they're too stupid to understand it 749 out of 2016 votes 37.1 percent because freedom of speech is just a saying in America She had written 61 Because the media is mostly ignoring a 34 they got bigger fish to fry like Martha Stewart, you know more important things than the first amendment Because they're lazy 258 Because they don't give a Schmidt 205 and because they don't have any leadership 99 2000 plus votes As people are just going to get a little bit pissed off a little bit fired up just like that guy to call for more land do yesterday Yeah, see I know his intentions were good. I know he's very frustrated and he's hitting with speechless which he just kind of like a stopped him in sense And I think he expired But you know, oh, we had a couple hundred people demonstrating for the clear channel of the station front of our later Well, that's that's you know very exciting and then what? There they went, huh? Right and got lead So what what we want to tell you again, we got the eight South Florida clear channel stations on there if you want to just Do avoid them like the plague is a protest that would that's one Positive thing you can do because in terms of finding somebody that's gonna really go to bad for you Forget about it just think what I happen especially in the election year There's nobody out there who wants to come to go to bad for potty mouth shot jocks and freedom of speech things like that right shock dog or speaking of the adedamerican soldier end of hot meals for US troops in Iraq question mark Says NBC news Halibird has got a multi-billion dollar contract to feed in how's US troops interact but there are problems multi-problemy A food subcontracted that runs 10% of the dining facilities and Iraq claims it hasn't been paid by Halibird in for months And it's threatening to stop serving hot meals The company eventsource serves a hundred thousand meals a day in a rack under a contract with a Halibird in subsidiary eventsource claims Halibird knows that $87 million including even payment for president Bush's thanks giving dinner with the troops without plastic turkey his When you get stuck out there for $87 million There's plenty of resource cheap executive officer fill them around the sequester beacon on X In an interview with NBC news. He says already laid off employees in the US and soon will have to feed sandwiches to the troops Instead of hot meals because his company is running low on money. They're running mighty low And your president's tell you oh we're gonna take care of our troops and we're gonna really appreciate our Iraq tragic just pathetic Don't forget that big primary election today in Florida. Oh, yeah Don't get that all straight now. No problem at all sure right because there's nobody running Here's the big story here's the QAM programming story of today by Barry Jackass and your Miami-Herald Here's line nine though for QAM Yes, sir Hi, this is Joe. Hi Joe You for now your hello yeah, go ahead Are you for God on your list yesterday that Yota put category for The people are afraid to Speak out. Yeah somebody suggested that but it's a little bit late now. There's a pull is over But that's that's possible Printed there. Oh phone is being tapped that tree of clock anymore. They're gonna get a knock on a door And if it's good to fight in the house and drag out There would be Okay, I'll see the border man will have a patrol or to pick up Leading could decide QM fate of Goldberg We're not talking about what be either I'll tell you one thing that better be a real good productive meeting 11 o'clock this morning Greg whatever your name is you idiot We're not gonna lose the hump right? Yeah, with it this station is it's like sitting inside of a building that's Infested with termites which I think that's a good analogy for our building right we have answered And and while you don't know you got to answer your pants, but they're made by be termites in a walls and end plays no exterminator I think what we need in that place is an exterminate Department of expression And it's like sitting inside of a in Infested building it is watching a crumble around you With what Greg read is due to QM it just just it's a grass being defeat from the jaws of victory He better do it than anybody I've ever worked for in my life. He just Non-composed penis that's Greg read it just there's nothing there Hank Goldberg status a WQM could be determined during a meeting this morning with general manager Greg read writes very jackass the mole What it's joke Goldberg has been kept off the essence marks the tooth following an author incident involving the anxious Lou and Winnick the station's general sales managerists and a miserable bitch at that If the meeting goes well Goldberg could be back on your four-clock today, but read said yesterday told very jackass He hasn't decided whether we'd hang Goldberg I don't know what'll happen read said it depends on how the meeting goes at 11 o'clock said Hank I'll hear what he has to say I talk to the van. We're okay Okay, it was a misunderstanding I'm contrite. I just want to go on On another matter and this I find most historically amusing Read said he was exploring the possibility of adding Howard Stern's morning Sure, if clear channels big one o six does not resume carrying it is big one o six Could have resumed carrying it no no there are two chances none and much much much much less than none and could have happened Is QM gonna be adding Howard Stern to our morning lineup? No no I'd say we have two chances also none and much less than none Although you see it's a little bit better than mother clear channel willers several less much is in here Hank gonna happen Now keep in mind that he's got people under contract like Moan Gildy Joe Rose is not only not on the contract but not even gotten paid yet in ten weeks of filling in He's got those people who think that they have a job right now Of course he's going in very jackass in the mommy here again programming floating out his Travel owns getting everybody peeing in their pants of salute and stirring up the same old tap that he always does that's great That is great So we'll keep our cuz we're only gonna be under 12.55 cuz we got the Marlon's and he amets at Portsink loosely a 12.55 the saffron. Oh man. Oh, really loved the Marlins. We loved the Marlins We like those games, right? Oh, yeah, oh man we have become a humongous the world champion Marlins even that Norma kin I don't call here anymore normal you're getting out my nerves If I need anything from you while let you know and it's unlikely you could get it accomplished anyway just go away Just enjoy your baseball go back in your infant tile mentality just get out of my face Man I was even happier here for murmur last night than from Norma kin that's cuz remember playing god in late Hey, the clock oh sorry Jeff I didn't know hours ago. Oh, okay I didn't even wait well guess what what something that you're very interested in I'm sure Thank goodness I just came to mind Well come on the NHL trade deadline is too close to saffron Right of course right the Brian All the good stuff would be glass week so I think he's done in that aspect. Holy there you go Oh wait a minute just said maple leaves sign something I didn't see it. Oh no Today goes along as speaking in the charm. Maple Leafs and their needs and watch yeah Anyway, Valerie Buray's gone from your Florida Panthers and also Marcus the ocean is gone back every here a Marcus Nilsson No, they were traded let's see buray to Dallas and Marcus Nilsson to Calgary for graphics Not even for like any roster players but like for draft picks So I think what you really say is that Rick who put the dud and Dudley has written off any real possibility of a playoffs Bought this year they've written off the season and of course in the rank gonna be any season next season It's gonna be a long time before your Panthers have much going on. I'm sorry to say that Guess who died who died You died Oscar nominated actor Paul windfield is dead. That's how the start in sounder king roots next generation He looks a little bit like an older TC on a passion by the way TC quit beating up on Julian you idiot Paul windfield on the Academy of Ordominated actor was known for his versatileian stage film and TV In 2018 In 1968 Winfield played the boyfriend of Diane Carolyn her situation comedy Julia a role that some suggest help open TV to other black performers four years later his portrayal of the father and sounder random Academy word nomination for best actor He's dead Paul windfield. He died no relation to a debut in field. I don't think he's dead He died a drop in like flies So like I said we don't have a trower fifty five minutes show here's the appool. Oh, and also today's beaded curtain a feature carry Otis She's full sister to Eliatus Cari Otis was your got the whole inside poop on her And I do I got the little blurb. I think we had to do this every day once we put somebody on here You're a little back around. I mean not everybody even knows who carry Otis is was right about her Bolivia and making work Right and if he worked both of which have something in common is puking dozing Problem at chapter 10 at five sixty wc I guess we're not gonna be playing those Mickey work good. Drop in city more Under a huh I've got a lot of friends there on the police force here Okay, that's that's as much of that as we're gonna play Mickey Oh yeah, like I said we're not even gonna come close. We're not put a gonna put our toe into water Others might and believe you me that water's gonna be really boiling hot 1013 a Qm it's the last mortgage you'll ever need the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are in Credible you pay zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee and Zero discounted points count them get the no low a low rate interest it is 1.25% if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mirror 334 bucks a month if you have you a 200 thousand dollar loan you're only six sixty eight amount the note for get Once you be finance you get a new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing cost again So call out that new toll free number 1 866 395 land what's not to like get the low rate mortgage you deserve them move on your nice property with no further cost of expense You pay zero underwriting fees zero dot fees zero closing costs even when you moved one other property Get that new low rate financing of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage and never pay closing cost again confidential group today for details no obligation 1 866 395 land that's 1 866 395 L a and d they're an equal housing lender restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly 4.21 What's the succession with hope announcing the show you've been waiting for America It's Tanya hiding ice cafe here's a linty gold medalist category of it. Yes, skating to the classics. Oh nice split jump there. Here comes her take off into a double lap. Oh She's down. She's an agony now it's Brian Batano attempting a triple South call Oh You really got pretty a perfectly executed triple-syn assault by Tanya harding see the precision team of Tanya harding Jeff Gullily and her bad guy bodyguard white pops skater after skater Oh, now Christie out of Gucci It's fun bubble whole family especially if you're the fully owner gotty family Order your tickets for Tanya hiding ice cafe. He said we'll cross accepted 1918 at five 60 WQ on the reason I played that is because the disgrace former US figure skating champion and aspiring boxer Tanya harding Is going to try or hand next at minor league hockey Okay The Indianapolis ice of the central hockey league announced yesterday at sign harding 33 to join the team for its game Friday against the Colorado Eagles It's been 10 years since heart index has been hired a hitman to attack rival Nancy Kurgan at the 94 national championships That was a lot of fun What what I thought it was fun harding is always denied knowledge of the attack, but a pleaded guilty to conspiracy the Hindu prosecution Well script of her 94 national title and banned from eminent figure skating competition You know everybody's made mistakes. You said last month on the CBS early show Everybody's had tragic things happen in her lives, but what good is it to just sit there let yourself die is what Tanya said? Although she's been pursuing career in boxing harding is also seeking reinstatement from the West figure skating commission I'm one of the best skaters in the world. I'm not gonna quit. I love boxing. I'm not gonna quit boxing. She said Harding is scheduled with fight in Oakland, California if the hook under arena March 20. Can you say scumbag? That's come back the life I like it piece of crap She's a lot of fun. Oh, sure. With that now here's KP facts is me this and he says Why isn't the public up in arms about the government's efforts to stifle free speech or is that stipple? You should have included the choice because we're gonna let the bastards have it in November Well, I wonder which bastards is he talking about? It says it would have made by the way bad grammar here in this it would have made a huge difference in the outcome of your pull Keep preaching the good word Well, the good word in the bad word is that even if Kerry does beat Bush, which by the way we had the new pull he's ahead pretty good But even if he does win our Kerry's not supporting freedom of speech This isn't a democrat and Republican issue. This is a government issue. This is a sensitive issue. This is a lack of balls issue Nobody from either party except rest-fangled of Wisconsin. Nobody else has got the balls to stand up and say wait a minute Just how can you sit around a table and arbitrarily make up all of these idiotic rules which nobody understands in a first place and then say we're gonna slap your ass with a big gigantic fine Every time you say something we don't like and we can't tell you what that is, but we'll just like pornography. We'll know when we hear it Don't you know pornography when you hear it? Oh sure of hear it something now Who should John Kerry pick for his running mate that's our an of course it is primary day in Florida not that it means anything at all cuz everybody else dropped out Who should he pick for his running mate is our pull question today on your Rogers.com when you're through looking at Kerry Otis or before you look at Kerry Otis or Elias Or Otis or Edward 34 see that's leading and I knew he would but that's not the good choice See I want you to put on your thinking cap which I realize It's quite an amusing expression, but think about it for a minute See if you're gonna pick a running mate. It's gotta be somebody's gonna help you win somewhere Oh, in a concept right that's just because somebody is likable or because somebody came in second during the primaries or because somebody looks younger than he really is and has like a nice smile or stuff like that Somebody who actually like maybe when they're home state now if he's on the ticket You think you think you think that John Edwards with Kerry are you know as the presidential candidate Kerry Edwards to get his gonna win North Carolina? No, no, there's no chance there are two chances In fact, there's a better chance than Howard Stern will be on from six a.m. till midnight on Qm starting tomorrow There's a better chance of that happening than the bush that the Kerry Edwards ticket winning North Carolina Now we're else Kenny win Well, what other state will he help carry? Kerry I don't know Nebraska carry Otis Ha ha ha ha ha John Edwards 39 Bob Graham 24 Bill Clinton 13 now. I don't know if you put that story on a website or I did what I was on vacation I did I did you yes, I read that with much fascination I read it in its entirety and of course The reason it was fascinating is because there's nothing in the constitution that prohibits a president from being elected vice president I even looked it up you can only get two terms as president, but you can also then get two terms as vice president It's right it just says that they can't be elected Right John Edwards 39 Graham 24 Bill Clinton 13. That's why voted for I think a Kerry Clinton ticket man I like it we could get Monica back there give her some to do I don't care on for bush 10 people 8.9% so far I don't care period 10 more 8.9% they just refuse to care They're just professionally oblivious they're in their own little cocoon nothing is gonna shake them up Hillary Clinton 9 so look at that Bubba's got 13 Hillary's got nine She does nothing for me. Well. She does something to me, but I can't say it on hearing Bill Richardson 3 that's the who the effect of the theory thinking about injecting in there. He's a good guy I don't know who he is he's the Governor of New Mexico former Rob ambassador Oh, that guy. Yeah, he's got a good mouth out of New Mexico guy. He's a hood one of your people Well, not exactly Peter he's kin It's hard to I don't understand why the kevarts all I got to even though he's boring, but he is from Missouri and Missouri is a very crucial state that Bush won in 2000 and I guarantee M. T. That if it's a Kerry Gammhart ticket that he wins for him Missouri and maybe even Ohio because of his union strength See what I'm saying But don't confuse the people with the facts because they're just emotional and that's the way elections go Bill Nelson to our fine other Florida Senator a lot of people are talking about him although Behind the closed doors no I'm saying another with you won't turn on the news and hear them cover for example Bobby Graham was on this morning VDI Bobby Bill Nelson to and Tom Brokaw won we have a story on our website today about the urgent Tom Brokaw to run And remember when somebody called me up last year and said oh Tom Brokaw's a Republican you're wrong bull crab He's a Kennedy Democrat always has been and I don't know where they come up with his garbage Tom Brokaw's got one out of 141 votes so far What a vote sir, poor and speaking of both Kerry leads Bush and the new nation wide poll Presented Democratic nominee why did they say that presumptive Democrat who who's they're gonna win a percentage Al Sharpton Kalon you idiots CNN man certainly not news that is grace. Oh a good piece of news They were showing some political rally on the CNN when I was in Europe I was watching CNN international in the background of the CNN reporter They had a bunch of people with big gigantic signs that said CNN Well the band symbol threw a CNN sucks or whatever it was great and then finally they cut on that those signs with it. We just lost a picture John Kerry leads Bush and later CNN USA Gallup poll USA today Gallup poll The poll released yesterday found that among likely voters Kerry gets 52% bush 44% In a three-way race with later throwing his a trigger in a wood pile carry had 50% bush 44 and later 2% So you see the 2% he takes are from carry In spite of all his denials miserable bastard self grandizing either this anybody who votes for Ralph Nader this fall by the way We'll be taken away and you won't see them no mole. I didn't know. It's not a threat. It's just a promise anybody votes for Ralph Nader will not be seen no mole Among registered voters carries leader for Bush Nader from 8 points to 5 in a 2 a race and from 6 points to 2 a few a race So again, Nader's already sticking his finger in it and burning it twisted in it around Well, we got a lot of stuff here today, you know good and we're only until 1255 because it had fallen's game WQM your Marlon station hello Hello, yes, sir God How are you guys pretty good? Okay, I'm a shining I was yesterday just diagnosed with IDS. I'm wishing a way you could tell me to help me out your apple ball Mom 23 and I got it wow Let me give you one word Zantak Zantak, all right, the worst miracles for me. Okay. Thanks a lot, man. Okay. Good luck, pal. Okay. Now just the irritable ball It's one of those things that a lot of people have they don't even know it and then I think they got stomach cancer or some growth test thing And it's just it never goes away. I don't believe it's one of those bitches It's not one of those great things that God invented for us. Okay. The test does he's always testing us the Lord right? Yeah irritable ball IBS and of course, maybe he might have heard Which until somebody called and somebody told me what it was I didn't even know I had it. I never heard of it You thought you were a good No, just grab her to birds the word but not the birds the words. What do I carry? Ode's is our Sunshine girl today. They do that Lee Toronto son they have a sunshine boy Sunshine girl every day. I think there's a lot of papers do that. Can we call it the sunshine girl Behind the beauty curtain. Of course it has to be behind a beauty curtain. Sure. Oh, there's a picture of John Ascroft on there who in less than an hour will be operated on for a gallbladder We could call it a job girl and we certainly hope that a Attorney General Ascroft surgery goes very very poorly. Oh, very well Right we Because I had my gallbladder out and man, I tell you it's not always a piece of cake like that rich tool May sometimes it's a piece of more like lemon meringue pie cake and I think maybe John Ascroft might have a little bit of a problem. I mean we're not hoping for that. Are we? Yeah, it's something should happen to him because we need somebody to cover up all those newty pictures Carry Ode's was born the 28th of September 1916 San Francisco California She's an all-American girl with brown hair and greenish blue eyes She began modeling at the 10th of age of 14 after briefs than his actress when she was 50 she moved in New York City To model and started traveling worldwide her first big break came when she landed on the cover of some stupid French magazine Giving her international exposure cabin-clin and guess we're soon to follow in 1990 she appeared in wild orchard. She started it with her soon to be husband Mickey work 99 was once again right hot for a career. She starred in Simon says new woman San Francisco and Gears Few of the magazines that featured her on the cover she was divorced from Mickey work in 1994 her photos to the sports illustrated swim suit Malay and Medishnar Sizzling is what it says so there she is on our sunshine girl thing and behind the beaded development 1028 is 560 WPM spring of the savings right now and saved like never before on a great new car truck from Armstrong's Toyota of homestead the run US 120 minutes off of the 836 Armstrong's Toyota homestead is worth the drive because they're gonna save you Thousands and Zillions on great new Toyota's check out these great leases right now and O4 camera your four-banner for just 269 a month for 48 months How about an O4 Highlander for just 309 a month need a truck how about an O4 Toyota Tundra the safest truck in America You pay just a hundred and 79 bucks a month for 48 months These are just some of the unbeardable savings going on right now at Armstrong's Toyota homestead and now with a tool increases on those Using cash Armstrong's Toyota homestead will give you a free sun pass when you get that new car truck General manager David Richardson is thankful to do whatever it takes under the sun to put you in a great new Toyota today So experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference they're locally owned and operating and committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction They'll make you a happy camper. I fat boy personally guarantees it The service department is even open late to late week nights to make sure your service work gets done convenient to get there There are US 1 and 290 third street in the homestead to at the homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836 So it all waste your time at those mega dealers or car giants who over promised then always under deliver Get you another dealerships under false pretenses do the smart thing called David rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota homestead right now at 305 2423247 That's 305 two four two thirty two forty seven Armstrong's Toyota homestead rattle little and say what's on on that great new Toyota Brudge packing I Tired of laying up see see buns for me feeling so sensitive my show is now stable Don't know what you expect me to be But under my best neck Take me off my show Every word that I say is under the my Chris I am That the email you said me didn't come through but the events and wish you everything You said it's from a URL that's blocked because it's unsafe. It's unclean. It's dangerous Like the uncircumcised mass Well speaking of Pablo. This is a great email that you send me though that you fact From Pablo who says Neil you're profound the states for the Christians is as a Yeah, it's great is and it's core idiotic your daily pontification of the subject is both offensive Decrisions and also educated non-Christians So there is absolutely nothing anti-Semitic about Mel Gibson's movie the passion that I ever say that was anti-Semitic movie No, you're courted. I write about 4000 columns that they all did save so they must all be obnoxious and full of crap too Sure, there's nothing anti-Semitic those Jews who find that not to be the case should re-evaluate their own faith or lack they're out And I would like to put out that most of the articles like the month from the Toronto star or by yesterday was written by somebody Jewish but nevertheless Your constant bashing of this movie exposes your inability to be objective in most subjects You consider yourself to have integrity out for you this point a true media person objectively watches the film prior to forming an opinion I would waste my time watching it Pablo and by the way get a real name schmuck The left-wing media which you are obviously a part of truly has eliminated you ability to provide objective points I'm not here to provide objective points. I'm here to give my opinion. Okay, the post-master is supposed to give you his opinion It says funny thing. I'll even Steven Spielberg director of something a pro Jewish movie which was excellent And did you wipe that out or he do it? I didn't I didn't want anything out. It's When as a opinion of the passion we use comment and judgmentally view the film well, there you go In fact, I've refused that I've read every one of those people did you the film. How do you like that Pablo? You are disgraced at the radio station. They disgraced your profession and most of all I disgraced a man Thank you Pablo. I'm ego It up yours. I might not care you're made as you're disgraced to women to right well Needless to say is grace to spagotry. Well, I'm sure Pablo knows something about that because after all he's one of yours No, he's that Well, who should John Kerry pick for his running made as our poll question today? We got 231 votes John Edwards is a win in so far What is the cheesehead Tommy Thompson became to get their health care needs taken care of John Edwards 79 Bob Graham 45 Bill Clinton 38 Bill Clinton gone. I don't care. I'm for Bush 19 8.2 percent Those Pablo are the dangerous people. They demanded people The subhuman people and one thing about me. I'm consistent. I'll tell you not just Christianity But duty is him and Islam and all of these things all of these fairy tales They're all equally anxious all of the problems in the world today everywhere you look even this thing and Iraq now It's the Shiites and the Sunni's man. What are we talking about good old-time religion? That's the problem I never realized until this last trip of mine I don't know why because I'm just not a history buff like you are I never realized the agonizing history of the Protestants against the Catholics in England. I know that we all know about huh every time there was a new king all these people would get their heads chopped up Right because they were on the wrong side Catholic king and then they had to like squeeze his ass out of there That's why we had the church of England out of make sure that everybody's gonna be the impromison and we keep them damn Catholics out of England Oh, we got to be able to divorce now set him up to Scotland me Well, and the bus I actually took a bus from the hotel to the airport leaving the Amsterdam water sloth I don't know why And It was there was a bunch of scuttmen got on a one-hole tell where they made the stop They were 13 of these guys they all looked like they came out of a cookie cutter like the same for all all those big like rugby players You know right rugby what they were the kids real Well, there were some people wearing kills in front of the hotel over the weekend, but that's not what they can't know these guys weren't killed We're in kills, but they should have been killed and they were they weren't speaking English most of the time They were speaking as if Celtic they speak a what what language are these people? It's it's okay like oh This big gay lick We can't don't you can't say gay lick no more don't be saying that you can say gay Like don't say them together don't say gay lick Anyway, get back to the pool, please I don't care for bush 21 that's 8.4% pretty weak. I don't care period 19 Hillary Clinton 12 Did I say bubble 40 wow dick him art 11 Bill rich is in four Tom Brokaw 3 and Bill Nelson only two out of 240 It was Bill Nelson is like I mean he's a good guy, but he's like low key you know what do you mean? Well, once the last time you heard anything about Bill Nelson our other senator from Florida Right exactly So thanks very much Pablo I'm glad you enjoyed the show. Okay WQAM hello QAM not there WQAM hello. Hi Oh now not today. Oh yeah, we got a ball game today. Okay. We don't have time to talk to me. Tired. Oh, it's today. Okay 560 pound 560 on the DT and Verizon where it was line one and there's not one line ringing right now. Look at that What did his grace see I just put it never mentioned that his a ball game coming up though ever do that never learn well Because they start turning in the radio off hours ahead of time just to make sure that they're safe from the Marlins from that great We disease WQAM hello I beg your pardon. I Yeah a little bit all right. I want to welcome you back Yeah, oh I see Okay, the good people are out today. That's good because I'm a good mood for because we got a nice early exit today 12 or I five So get in your best shots. Why do you can't just try and get a little like online not there QAM hello Okay You know there's a man can probably I don't know what the hell's going on, but they're like standing still If anything should get them up in arms is about the job situation You know that's what affects us the most and it's on down Yeah You know and it's just incredible But aren't you impressed with the fact that a president keeps making up these great numbers that are we're gonna have all these additional jobs Then it turns out to never happen, but he sure talks a good game Yeah, but it's easy to put numbers together, but when he's actually see what's going on in the public that's from Yeah, well take a look at our website You'll see Paul Krugman's column from the New York Times today. He's got the chart right there in the lead story on our website And it shows you all the promises the projections and then the real number of jobs that they create I'm sure to man let me say it again. They're gonna create two big new important jobs this November the Bush administration president and vice president Those are gonna be the two new jobs Two new people holding jobs Other than that by buy No, there's a carry would say don't let the door hit you in the ass now can you say that anymore in the record away? That's what he says Because you can't say ass no mole Hey listen if you got a fat ass then you try to lose some of that weight I guess most people are fat have a fat ass don't think Typically it's very typical. No, don't take a look at fatboard. You got a strong appetite and you try to lose weight on one of those low carb diets like the Actions or the assault for what is that South Beach time? Here's a superstar that you're gonna love because they've got over a thousand products low carb products and stock you can choose from something What's some taste something to satisfy your uh that thing in your tongue? What is that thing called? You've you luck including breads and bagels cookies and crackers chips and brownies trumpets ice cream pasta Sources ketchup cheesecakes and lots lots more The lights is open every day seven days a week from ten to ten you can try anything of a strawberry for your buy at and Their staff knows dieting low carb dieting inside and out through the experts. They've got the most complete line of Actions bread products anywhere in the world and that's gonna act What's his name? Actions products around sale all day every day at Delights the low carb diet is rated number one by a lot of folks So if you want to get some real variety some real taste This is the story you're gonna fall in love with the lights of West Boca. They're on the Northeast corner of blades in a 441 right next to Boston market Colin Kulfree one eight seven seven low carb that's L.O.W. C.A.R. B. or on the web Low carb calm don't forget there's only one deal. It's a West Boca's your official Actions retail center when you walk it in there watch your steps This is what's waiting for five to two Bush eights days Bush eights days See how fast a gay amendment then What up to benefits will they go to become a married home? Well, we've discussed it unless you're a Hector Ocus Bush eights There They I thought any curdle ever sourced Whoa, some say he's the son of God Yes they do, but there's other people think it's so odd Now he's the reason that we have any study So I dare to let it down get it out These are the reasons that all the Christians pray There and do what they did It's done that it only plays And praise him, kneel down, kneel down Praise him, kneel down, kneel down The man who wore a thorny crown Do what they did, it's done that it's done Do what they did, it's done that it's done that it's done Do what they did, it's done that it's done He's a Jew, do what they did He's a Jew, do what they did, it's done that it's done He's a Jew, do what they did He's a Jew 1047 at 560, nobody can't we got the mad dog No we don't, at all, what am I talking about? I don't know what he's talking about We got the mad dog in a bullpen We got the bullpen We got the bullpen, because we got Marlins on Dec at 1255 Just to force a habit And then we got that big meat and coming up Around 11 o'clock this morning The Humphrey and Greg Reed And of course Greg is going to be sitting there looking at him and the face going Like that and Hank will be going Like that That was fun That was stupid And that'll be the meeting And then Hank will be on the set now I'll tell you one thing, the Humphrey better be on it We're going to be a lot of pissed off people Including all of us of QAM, all of us Even Mow, all of us, even Mow Maybe not They're not too tight Marlins at the Metz in Fort St. Lucy 1255 to pregame 110 at first pitch The Humphrey Is, uh, where's he going to be? American Airlines Arena for some of that heat crap I mean some of that basketball garbage Four o'clock this afternoon Seven o'clock to panther preview Seven thirty panthers here in Toronto At the ACC to take on the Toronto Make Believes Eddie K follows the hockey games You and Marco are going to be on the 2 to 5 in a morning Howard Stern and a morning 6 to 10 Isn't that what you're hearing? Sure, all over the place That's what I'm hearing No Mow at that other crap I mean, could you run? This is CBS Right, which isn't finnity, which is by a calm, which is Howard Stern So tomorrow morning This is CBS That's what Greg Weed would like to have you Believe, well tune in anyway Okay, you'll hear Howard Right? You will One way or the other You'll hear Howard tomorrow on QAM Unless it takes that very jackass story to heart and just to walk south Everybody has like a heart attack That would be bad Speaking of people who are not too crazy about Seizing Limbaugh's records, his medical records Was legal Stay tells the field score A radio like that A lot After all that wailing and moaning and gnashing And by the way Pablo, there's plenty of right wing assholes on here You can listen to them all you want It's uh, I was going to say it's a free country Used to be anyway Well, what you say is offensive Then don't listen to it Pablo That's the answer for that if you're offended Bye bye Retrover in the twist that down A little bit, find somebody Don't speak it in English I'm sure you'll have no problem finding plenty of those Who will sing you all the right tunes that you like Right? Right? The whisper right in his ear All the stuff he wants to hear Hi, you're silly I'm losing I am dead No, I don't like that That read number when nine was alive I will need to do it in the movie Hi, it's Kathy Prosecutor said yesterday That's Seizing Rush Limbaugh's medical records As part of their investigation into his prescription drug use Did not violate his constitutional or privacy rights Limbaugh's attorney's rescue may force this record of appeals Unless Palm Beach's to ban prosecutors from using the record Seize late last year against Limbaugh Who's under investigation for possible violations of these States Dr. Shapping Law Which prohibits someone from secretly obtaining overlapping prescriptions From different doctors Prosecutors responded to that appeal yesterday with the 28 page grief saying Was perfectly proper for them to seize the records from four doctors with search warrants Limbaugh's mind me a 30-word black contends Prosecutor should have followed a procedure set out in state law That requires prosecutors to notify someone before they can obtain the records of the Sipina rather than a search warrant the notifications does not design a give a person a chance to contest it in court Yadi-adi-adi Assistant state attorney Jim Marz who's heading the Limbaugh investigation Road in the appeals brief that the law doesn't require prior notification when records medical or otherwise are seized with search warrants It's important to recognize that the seizure of these records eroses part of an active ongoing criminal investigation Where the search warrant isn't always has been the most reliable method used to obtain evidence of criminal wrongdoing Mark's road Criminal wrongdoing. Let me say it again. It's okay for this alleged criminal this admitted pill popper who was probably high on gut only knows how many shows At least well his oxy-cunns and all the other crappy was popping. It's okay for him to be honest about his right wing bush looking crap on all the church-table stations But got for it. We have somebody who might be anti-bush or maybe a little bit to the left of it till a Bahan and we got to get that person off like Right now get him off All those liberal colleague pinkos man. We want all right wing all day all spin all day Now this audience haven't ever. Doesn't because take and look at the poll result Who should John create pick for his running mate? John it was 115 300 28 votes and little over half an hour that is shocking George Shocking John it was 115 Bob Graham 61 Bill Clinton 54. It's legal Although see carries that two big of an ego he would do because he'd be overshadowed. I guess anybody else would too They'd be overshadowed by a former president, right? Yes, they would. Well, my hair anyway Bubba 54. I don't care. I'm for bush 32 9.7 percent. I don't care period 21 Haha those people I just love. I don't care you will can't force me to care. I'd be like that Hillary Clinton 17 Zick M. Hartford team Bill Richards and seven Tom Brokaw for Bobby Richardson's about a couple and Bill Nelson three out of 3228 votes Bad news for OJ Just when you thought he went away just when you were praying we would never hear his name again except a QA Oh, man Sad like television network direct TV accused former football star OJ Simpson of using illegal electronic devices to parrot its broadcasts Oh, man The also good no California base company wants Simpson to pay 20 grand for the use of the equipment and attorneys fees according to lawsuit filed wins They if had record Miami That's last Wednesday. It's your take in the sunset along enough to get around of this and also the A and P Federal agents we will settle ITV equipment from Simpson's house and a candle area during a search 2001 December 4 Direct TV alleges in lawsuit that the devices were two powered access devices. No has bootloaders. You know what those are? Oh, man bootloaders Yeah, I do. Do you? You got what at the time of the raid devices were being used for the unauthorized decryption of direct TV signals lawsuit said the company claims Simpson bought made or distributed the boxes Simpson attorney yell galander was in court yesterday then return a self-almessage seeking comment Direct TV spokesman Bob Mercer I know a further media comment in Simpson's case, but said Sassignal piracy is a common problem no Schmidt the common problem What's the big deal? That should be his worst offense a steel and satellite signal right the O.K. Myster That's America for you still satellite signals you get a big trouble. You kill a couple of people. No sweat They play the race card. We'll see there. We go. Again speak of that and it's just a coincidence. This happens to be next in my pile Jason Williams says I chugged After slang says the New York doing news today Jason Williams told a key defense expert he chugged up to 18 ounces of scotch after he killed his limo driver A scenario that we're saying why his blood alcohol level was so high eight hours after the shooting court document show Totally so sensitive. So far how's his show coming by the way? Is it still on here? It's no come on We need a Rick Sance has TV show spy report. How much did that the Pablo's watching it right now? It says but so far no one was in the retired net stars role. No jersey manch and early February 14th 2002 is testified to say Williams drink as a state police investigation into the shooting was unfolding they didn't seem to dig nothing Instead Testimodia is manslaughter trial which was postponed yesterday due to the death of defensive Trinity Joseph Hayden's mother has presented details of heavy drinking by the Xthly during the four hours before he fatally shot cost as grusk a Gus Christophe The four hours before he did the shooting The first thing that Williams drank liquor after the shooting was contained in a previously underscores report by Dr. Michael Baden A man-hatton forensic pathologist heard by the defense member him from the O. J. trial Yes Dr. Bodden Baden whatever's name is Bodden stated in the December 5th 2002 document that he understood that the defense might introduce evidence Williams to approximately ten ounces of 80 proof Scott shortly after the shooting January 26, 2003 Bodden that with Williams a disomer the former superstar gave me demonstration Mr. Williams advised me that after the shooting he was completely destroyed he took the bottle to the head to her three times He took the bottle to the head His demonstration of this for me was a commonly referred to as Chugging Bodden wrote in the May 13th 2003 report using a Scott bottle filled with water Williams took three large swigs while Bodden calculated the consumption at between four and six ounces of fluid with each Chugg or swallow he concluded Williams would have ingested at least eight possibly up to 18 ounces Scott immediately after the shooting Williams blood alcohol level tested .1248 hours after the shooting a prosecution witness Dr. John Verkestimated Williams a consume 15 to 16 drinks prior to the shooting prior to the shooting Brick extrapolated that Williams blood alcohol reading would have measured as high as 0.25 at the time a 12th of a gauge truck that he was holding his charge in a Christophie's chest Bodden another defense experts contended brisk methodology was flawed said his findings failed to consider possible post shooting consumption prosecutors dropped plans to call Brick at the trial after Judge Edward Coleman offered to hearing out his methods and credentials. So there you go there's the latest in the Jason Williams he's going to get off to a trial what do you think uh never convict him I know what small potatoes who do you rather see in jail Martha Stewart or Jason Williams he there's the problem with America oh Jason Simpson he's busy stealing satellite signals alleged on the outside he killed two people in cold blood Martha Stewart even though we hate that bitch she's going to wind up doing some time in a slime or I think it's outrageous so she lied you know it's so big deal she was stupid like most rich people and never have enough great greedy she was worth a billion dollars she did this thing to say 50 grand she would have lost 50 grand I don't like you said she's got more in her wallet any given time she's got more in her wallet than 50 grand that's pocket change 50 grand her is like 50 cents you average shwuck out there so she was greedy she was a bitch and you're all these other things but in a meantime put her in jail what's that kind of a accomplish Jason Williams and O.J. put him in a same damn cell as what I say that's my that's my humble opinion although probably we should leave my picker their sports figures sports we don't want to get clearance upset 1057 at five sixty wcum if you're in a dead end job like clearance if you're underpaid and overworked would leave him out maybe you'd like to have a new high-paying career but you don't have four years of your life or the money to go to college if this sounds like you then do something really smart right now change your life with one easy phone call call our friends if fast train at one eight six six fast train because they can have you train in certified for a high-paying computer network professional career in a short time is four short months April may June July that's right you can be fully trained ready for new careers little is four short months and fast train office your day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule two fast train offers job placement assistance financial aid to people who qualify and they've got seven convenient floor locations of this bottom we want convenient to where you live so what's not to like pick up the phone call fast train today doesn't obligation you can check out the web of fast train dot com first if you like an in column at one eight six fast train you'll be on your way to a brand new high-paying career in a big pad paycheck that goes along with it call today one eight six six fast train and be sure to tell that the umptious hard-dreck toward you to call fly and local hear sports radio five sixty two a you a m how young is too young I'm Martha Stewart and this is Martha Stewart living is important for all of us not to take for granted are you as citizenship today I'd like to suggest to use some of my tips for becoming an active involved citizen when you want something from a government official it is considered customary to bribe local officials with five hundred dollars state officials with one thousand two ten thousand dollars and federal officials with fifty thousand dollars and above if you live in Vermont you may want to think about not writing in the names Ben and Jerry on election ballots it's been done a million times and is not really funny a good way to learn about your local communities zoning laws is to open a sex shop on your front lawn this has been your minute with Martha and join me every day for tips on how to improve your home and surroundings on Martha Stewart living we'll see you soon on here on inside level two at five sixty wcm 384 votes on our pool for VP who should run with carry johnwood's 134 five hundred and seventy one bill 1562 I don't care on proportion 35 nine point one percent kind of a poultry number would you say poultry I don't care period twenty six Hillary Clinton 22 Dick Mark 16 bill Richardson nine Tom Broca I want to be great to have a vice president with a best six other applications from same sex couples are pending official said I believe it's a matter of civil rights at city manager Terence reading asbury parts top of the street and a telephone interview with a new daily news it's the right thing to do he said reading said newsy state law does not prohibit same sex merges governor Jim agree these ass new jazzy attorney chairman to determine whether city officials violated the law bashing never written best a marriage license last night the attorney general's office that would go to court this week to start the court's top images in new jersey well I wonder if any of your people are getting married like a union city newsy would be something hot well man I'll probably just cheat like they always do the home with you look at yeah or speaking of cheating people people are indeed crap and how ironic that this news comes on the day of the floor to primary election today suspended broward supervisor elections mirror elephant has been charged with 55 counts of violating the law elephant already facing a senator for a conduct in orifice accused of not opening polls on time and not keeping them open late in the afternoon is September 2002 primary the floor elections commission levied the charges against elephant at its four more nineteen meeting elephant in the court was suspended number twenty three five governor jab bush who removed here for gross carelessness bush appointed return elementary school principal Brenda snipes three place elephant and on a close for a very amount of stuff that it's a racial thing to ensure it is five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon world of finance a level five I bet you that means going on right now in hickus and a Greg yeah that probably would be a good opening line but I would agree which should be he'd have a stomach on it so have to keep two after the marla game to see if the operas going to be on today or not the thing that all come to this because he bitched out screw in and rightfully so but like always hank is very apologetic very contrite you know and always whims out in the and what show you know we need to eat all of his case five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQM hello I'm at some of the day all right the good ones are coming in today QAM hello free the Hebrew hammer free hank goldberg he's a good price that was for WQM hello hi good morning yes home holding a long time I need your advice yeah I'm house to be in front of my boss and he has four children three of whom are now voting age and only one of them actually has a vote of registration or voter ID card and that's because from all of them but what can I possibly say to them to motivate them to vote because I tried yesterday to talk to them and I'm just not getting through I don't know what to do there 18 22 and 22 yeah and two boys in a girl offer offer some good drussia be good well they do that on their own I see well I mean maybe something a little bit better what they got something a little more exotic maybe rush can help you out maybe right you give you a well was number you know I don't need in terms of vibranism sort of in some thing you know lasting and talking to them about you know democracy and talking to kids about democracy and about voting and things like this is like talking to water windshield about what's happening in show business today you know it's just wasted time I mean I wish all the luck in the world and you know keep banging away at it I would just force them with a threat and a bodily punishment yeah well alright good luck good luck we don't forget early and often five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty kind of a week response here today never should have mentioned at Marlon game plus of course yesterday they got all the enthusiasm out of their system right right we're not going to be doing that again anytime soon get them all worked up and whipped up into our friends you what are we going to do how are we going to get Howard Stern back what are we going to do about all the shows that are going off the air what are we going to about the censorship and yeah and they put on a good act like they really care and they're all whipped up and got a lot of votes on a pool and that was about it and you'll see there's still going to be listening to big what are the news of their plane and the m i b what are m y 100 and nothing's going to change they had the opportunity to send a message you know what I'm talking about Joey Zazza I don't think we're going to do it WQAM hello WQAM hello yes sir good morning sir how are you doing I'm doing good how are you great you know I don't care how much you you bash push I'm going to propose anyway you know that so what yeah hello job of what uh keeping us away from terrorists yeah yeah you economy's off the economy's up right what's on the ask one question let me ask a question what time is your show on okay what a hero man what are you talking about ever great comedy keeping us away from terrorists and economies up it's we're smoking baby and that's what the fact there's the answer for the previous lady to call whatever this guy smoking even to those kids and believe me they'll be off their vote in in Lala and it'll be voting every hour on the hour wow see every ten the good stuff come in nobody ever tells us about it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello hey I know this is going to hell how you doing yeah I don't plan uh not too good I'm pushing up daisy I know WQAM hello QAM not there WQAM hello hey doing Neil okay I think George looks pretty good in that pilot uniform I want to see him in like a mechanic uniform or maybe something else like a ball fighter and I'll know who to vote for next world he's got to he's got the ballpark I know that yeah rodeo crown is exactly what's it's going to hell oh this is better than I could have ever dreamed in my wildest anticipation I'll pay for information about the good by way 44% say the answer appropriate 54% say inappropriate using the anine eleven star I'm going to do it because it was a different moment my right right uh WQAM hello hi Neil obviously you just called about motivating her three young go right ahead one word draft yeah anyone who doesn't think that that's the first order priority for this cabal once that's good idea is the draft and I'd be very and then somewhat related for your poll I really think you need to put general clerk on there's a running mate uh okay yeah put him on there thank you sir have a good day and you too bye bye that's a good idea mentioned d r a f t and I'll say the of course the probably thing I'm talking about that's not clear but nevertheless plain to them about all the the military and venturism this imperialistic administration we got right now that wants to keep running all these adventures all around the world and keep you know throw away young people's lives when we have the draft like we did back to a Vietnam man you see a whole different attitude among young people and they start screaming bloody murder because that's what's happened over 500 of them they've been bloody murdered not to mention of course the thousands who've been injured that we don't hear about should mark this to record a jail look at that 49 to 44 women say yes 57 to 35 men say yes oh man in an amazing how much men really hate women like poison some of her now I'm just a must he is a miserable bitch is no question about that but then again so it's ruined with a car sales manager QM sheet is there any doubt about it all now she's a miserable bitch so I was hanging at meeting right now getting right over to calls I'm a homo leave our buddy to hopper alone okay Greg you idiot thanks god mortale is a little finger that you got your whole body to have our brains in his back home then you'll ever have in that vacuous head of yours Greg 149 think the carries should pick John Edwards as his run and mate she that that's that's the easy answer for a hundred thirty one votes he's got all more than a turn 149 five great maybe one bill Clinton seventy I don't care about for bush forty two nine point seven percent nothing even say to me is going to change my mind well good luck to you I don't care period twenty seven chemical 23 dick and heart eighteen for dick Bill Richardson nine tom brocos seven bill Nelson five and general car Wesley Clark just went up there immediately because the work is right on top of this today and general car is got the big just went up there he went up the home and that begins with a new maybe he went our gone what other states begin with a oh can you think of any oh wahoo he might not have a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot he might win an ochapi yeah that begins with a okotou okobi would be good old Orlando okay oh also Michigan right on andaga New York on andaga Michigan 1113 at five sixty wqm I'm telling you the guys right before the that we're going to hell you're right but it'll be a lot of fun there it's the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are positively zero closing costs you pay zero application fee zero credit bureau fee and zero discounted points so get yourself that new unbeatable low interest rate just one point twenty five percent if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only three hundred and thirty four bucks a month if you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan all your pay a sixty eight amount to don't forget once you refinance your good new home mortgage confidential group you'll never ever pay closing cost again so call them today at that toll free number it's a brand new number now one eight six six three nine five land right on your wrist get the low rate mortgage you deserve the move on your next property with no further cost you pay zero underwriting fee zero dock fees zero closing cost even when you move to another property with the only one mortgage from financial group get yourself that new low rate financial just one point twenty five percent for the sales column today toll free one eight six six three nine five land that's the financial group at one eight six six three nine five L.E.N.D. the Rnequal Housing Lender restrictions apply rates up to change monthly four point two one APR my on the next fear factor holds an entertainment approved by the FCC CL of good White House keeping we locked that CC chairman Michael Powell in a room with nothing but a screen that flashes pictures of boo seeing this might this is a boo might be a woo stop this filter out by you see this one here might be it's a bumper sticker for the fight again breast cancer it will be way for me my little CC here's my breath here factor with Michael Powell us C.T.D. for the minds of ignorant little babies ruffy you buy direct TV now with over 200 pounds of garbage in 11 18 at five sixty w qm so speaking of religious nuts i'm in a airport in the you know when you go on the international flights they're like two prop prop processes okay when you check in at the gate first they put you through a uh you have an outer waiting area and then with a get ready to board about 20 minutes before they're actually going to board the plane they have an interweight area where you sit after they take the past port in your boarding pass etc so this flight is just jam packed 400 people in my luck i'm sitting across from this uh schmatha head family uh the two guys they're like uh you know they just guys talking about the bio old uh and the woman she's got the full regaea she's got the whole outfit you know the berkid hold deal and uh right so and i don't want to say anything but she looked like uh guy i mean her hands you never hear our hands but like a hands of a man okay i guess it's maybe like a middle eastern thing i don't know what it is so she decided about 20 minutes before we're gonna get on the flight that it was time to pray okay and she's consulting with her um um two male whatever the relationship was uh where she can find a place to do it so she goes to the end of the uh seats where it's like a uh clear area there you know i mean maybe four or five feet she uh roll out the carpet just while she didn't have a carpet she didn't have a portable one with her i guess but now she's standing there and she's like like that but one more the one maybe speaking in tongues with the middle east well there's you i'll get to that don't push it now i'm not pushing that into these things right and of course some of the past and you're getting a little bit uncomfortable just kind of like the people on that american iraans flight that you know yeah yeah when the pilot came on and said he don't believe in Jesus you're crazy hey let's go have a good flight now yeah and she's been doing well and now she starts of course getting down on the floor and she's like uh i tried not to watch as much of it as I could because it was making me a little bit uncomfortable as well i had out of taking my camera forward and captured the moment oh man and of course being the hidden that i'm thinking of myself why did you do this before you asols came to the airport why are you doing this here now because it wasn't pray time then why are you inflicting this on everybody now what the floor show come on and think about all the things in a world about indian pacestin which both have the big bomb by the way you know we got the Hindus in the six remember that kid that called in one day a year ago when the show said i'm sick and i said i'm a go see a doctor's a good idea Hindus in the six you got the Protestants in the Catholics in northern Ireland you got the the Jews in the Muslims in the Middle East and of course the Christians want their peace too sure even my relansky wants a little peace i'm in raw everywhere you look that's what it's all about you got these sheites and the Sunis i mean when you stop and think about this in a media the media presents this is though it's some kind of a rational thing you know right as as though somehow these people are different well they're different all right because they believe different fairy tales or they came from different you know parts of the country whatever the hell do you want pick your poison that's what it's all about so don't don't give me a solid answer about the passion of the christ and all the other because all religion doesn't it does his breed a hate that's what it is it's a weapon to breed a hate and to excuse intolerance against other people and i'll say it again the greatest contribution i could make is if i could get one person as audience in all the years i've been on the earth so i've floored about thirty minutes twenty eight years to abandon their to to emancipate their brain and think about how ridiculous all this garbage is this that they've been brainwashed with that's quite the accomplishment that shows you how difficult it is they're always talking about when it back in the days when i did topical radio which was really boring but some of the shows i enjoyed a lot what are ones about the religion and we'd have these people on to discuss the programming young people from cults yeah and my favorite question these experts always was what what is a cult and what's a real religion right of course they had their standard answer well you know a real religion has got a cult has got a strong central figure oh you mean like he's a hope you'd like to pop well any of these things you know and no matter what the answer was that would come back would it it was a one of those interchangeable answers that you could put in anything you know very sad it's just what separates catholicism and all the Protestant cults and Judaism is that they just better businessmen and the Muslims forget about it they make you know for you can't refuse not like the Christians ever did i like like i just said i just got through with them don't be picking on them Christians again your buddy Pablo be waiting for you outside the studio there at the 1255 okay yeah 23 passed a lot and i'm concerned about the humpar waiting for that decision from the big meeting between Greg Reed and the humpar and Hank Goldberg the brain trust is meeting with the humpar right now to try to straighten his act out i thought i had him calm down for years ago but you know every now and then you just like you said some people inspire one right that that's right she sure did it to me you've been for I started on the air did the day I had a uh actually we were on the air no we were on the air we were in that studio downstairs uh prepared to be on air remember all the work that we did there and she comes down and she says now how many spots it already would be agreed to and of course it was 14 it was 16 16 16 no was 14 16 and she she stormed out and i made some kind of a crack some kind of a nasty miserable crack is only screw-in when it can do and i'm i my blood was boiling and i remember going up that elevator the third floor and just chasing around to try to find where she was and of course at that point she decided to wear closet herself with Greg or somebody in an a meeting and i was just muddling and mumbling to myself and he even started on the air yet on qa so i know all about what it is with that screw-in bitch and i'll say again Hank instead of getting suspended instead of getting a dressing down or even a dress what is it dressing down and under a single he should get an award for honesty for having a balls to tell like it is and don't give me a son to dance about what do they call it the unfriendly workplace they hostile and i'm working right because i can't think of too many more hostile work environments than qa m that's a movie yeah especially when he's there really in the day w qa and hello w qa and hello good morning yes sir hope i'm in the q for neo speaking okay we didn't screen list this year because the Josh is under a lot of pressure go ahead oh my god okay hey look you know it's kind of like that old-time lyrics song national brotherhood week oh and uh you know there's not much i can say other than i'm gonna vote for bush because i don't like him shave see yeah that was pretty funny why i didn't get a good you expected to be no who should John Kerry picked for his runny may john Edwards 173 bob Graham 90 lookland 80 i don't care i'm from bush 48 9.6 percent i don't care period about 30 man 30 Hillary's got 25 that bitch uh dick m article 19 bill richards in 12 general wednesday Clark 11 ice gun pali 11 tom bro calls seven and billows and got five out of an even 500 votes in just over an hour of anti anxiety medication work it's a good thing to see that Martha Stewart stuff they've done certain in our life that was great no i missed it somehow it was a beautiful the wrong way if you watch CNN you'll see it like two p times an hour i twenty six past eleven at five sixty w came over here we got the marlins and the metronport saying lucy pregame twelve fifty five thank the lord oh this is for twenty five sixty turns it forward i like Neil's pope all the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the right folks isn't all established rule but during national brotherhood we national brotherhood we clean a horn and share it with Clark our dancing cheat to cheat kiss once you realize but people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school all the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks all of my folks say all your folks it's american as apple pie but you're a national brotherhood national brotherhood new yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's very cheap step up and shake the hand though someone you can't stand you can tolerate him if you try all the Protestants hate the Catholics and Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews buttering national brotherhood national brotherhood gets national everyone's my last one and another hood week be nice to people who are inferior to you it's only for a week so have no fear be grateful that it doesn't last all year welcome to the end of the world and it's all people's minds and their pocketbooks not necessarily in that order so duck facts is made a good news to hopper will be on here at four today hey stop it do you tell you about it no so I'm gonna do you fact this to me private no hundred and handed the fact to me and then oh luck I thought maybe thanks to it from like outside like kind of a surprise you know so the hopper had his meat with Greg they had a meeting of the minds which of course when Greg is one of the participants he he meeting of the minds maybe the abit of an exaggeration but nevertheless they had their big meat and they're the air in everything out and screw in his she's calm and cool and collected and everything's fine right bro that's good news so the hopper returns from the mercenary lines of we know four to sat to know now we got the panther game here in Toronto with the ACC seven o'clock pregame seven 30 game time as the panther's a schmitt can Valerie Bre and Marcus Nolson and uh got nothing but draft picks for which I find just a polling and shocking aren't you amazed they'll be in the big hockey fan that you are now let's see aren't going anywhere and hopefully we'll let them mature Phoenix coyotes got Derek Morris from the Colorado avalanche 23 and half 24 so we're looking forward to seeing seeing them come together to the pre-leave Michael well I had a line for that but I better not say it why do I think Mike you're right Derek Morris why don't us trade Tommy Sal on a six round rampic to uh the avalanche for the fenceman Tom Gilbert never heard I better get off of that stuff because I'll start paying attention to it and that's not a good idea Ashcroft I am a spoke I was right about Hank's meeting it's not a way to do to happen 11 it's over with and we got a good result my skull hopper now cross sign walk up and down it would you pay to the losing out to two please speak in a people self doctor's attending a 3-day general john ascroft found several troublesome gallstones in order surgery for the cabinet officer to provide a recurrence of gallstone pancreatitis I always said he had a lot of galled in you think so especially when his cover up the nude statues miserable but faster yeah anyway uh this schedule surgery for noon today now they proceed you initially will be done lapar scoping that's how I had mine you got like three little holes in your puppet and a stick uh the little cameras up in here and the little snipper but it says surgeons are prepared to switch to the more conventional open surgery if necessary and it should take about two hours he was diagnosed with severe acute case of pancreatitis which can be life threatening a turnigeneral acroh especially among people with other medical problems we certainly wish him all the best thoughy yeah that's something casket don't say that about our attorney general now that's a grotesque and disrespectful man it's pathetic even if it is true 560560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQM hello WQM hello maybe are you good morning yes sir I know you got a short date favorite wondering if you got time is anyone you can talk about maybe George a little bit more about Josh's father why Josh's mother she came up last week oh Josh courtest his mother yeah why is there something we need to know because I don't know anything about this no no we were just talking about mom is and Josh has came up and onward upward we got done I see WQM hello yes sir I think George fortune yeah okay great good luck you WQM hello hey Leo yes sir oh thank god you're back couldn't go through another week okay good WQM hello yes I want to speak to Leo speaking Leo you've got a poll going with Clinton going his vice president with Carrie yes Clinton cannot serve wrong no I know a second true vice president another true was first what happens is something happened to Carrie with Clinton being vice president could he be appointed president yes what he got a matter to become president he can't you can't be elected he couldn't run for president more than twice but he could inherit the all orifice yes okay that was my question because I want to actually before because one a second time you know after you had a lot of several terms to be president you said no we could so I wanted to be good actually serve again something had happened to Carrie in fact Carrie probably would have like extra you know security right right in case yeah yeah very big family okay let's get in 20 or 30 thousand calls because there are a lot of people out there would love to say today let's get them all out there before 1255 I like it this is my kind of a day you know it short WQM hello yes sir so you were an Amsterdam you ain't my depth at Amsterdam huh yes I did okay listen they're coming out with the movie for the book super size me yeah about that guy they month of McDonald's right you heard about that oh and guess what speaking of that guess what movie I saw when I was there which I figure what channel was I'm downsize this with Michael Moore was great I've never seen it I've never heard of it downsize this favor though when you go into the morning game can you please play the morning song what tell us the marlin song that sounds like a baseball song it's similar to the one that says the afternoon Yankee something like that oh the credit okay I got it what is that what was that called I did that huh if we had so many no we don't that's all for the old today the fatherland's after play that's a good idea what's the call marlin's baseball and excellent idea if I do say so let me recommend by the way restaurant in Amsterdam you ready for this okay I mean people ask me stupid questions all I was right well oh there is one good restaurant in Amsterdam that I found it's a Chinese restaurant same mandarin restaurant it's upstairs it's on the uhroken which is the extension of the damrak roken and it's right across from all the construction fortist bank on a roken and it's got a huge sign man really go up a flight of stairs you go up inside it's a gourmet Chinese restaurant the food is outstanding and they don't use MSG and they don't load everything up with pepper like they do in the other Chinese restaurants there and you won't have hemorrhage for six months it is fabulous I don't know what the name of it is but it just has a huge sign it's his man written so anybody's going to Amsterdam you won't I won't stay here wrong if you like jinx and of course if you don't I'm McDonald's is always safe you know what you're gonna get and they have that cute pet wrath that hangs up inside the kitchen too that McDonald's yeah Mickey brought I don't know I don't know if it has the name or not by Chinese restaurant and he's always running around real fast 21 till noon at 5.60 WCW if you're planning on replacing that carpeting because they look maybe don't even smell all that great no more or your area rugs are drapery if you think about having these things professionally clean don't make a mistake don't trust many fakers out there the only thing to do is call my good friends it dry concepts because they're the best in the business of bringing carpeting of all kinds back to life they've been doing in my house for over 20 years and they've been doing it in time for well over 20 years using dry concepts certified plant technicians will clean your carpet like you'd like when you're clothing when they get done your carpets will be vibrant and color soft to the touch they'll smell them any fresh they'll be drying a couple of hours and when they walk away you'll think you had brand new laid right there on your floor you can't be them anywhere in the world and don't forget if you call today and that time to put you understand by list you can save an extra 15% off the already reasonable price of your next carpet fitting with dry concepts don't forget another thing too they never rip you off no attack on no add on to the other job they give you a written guaranteed price at the start of the job and they they follow up on it here's the tool for you number to call 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 or log under their website dry concepts dot com nobody in the world does it better than our good friends at dry concepts we're not dropping that I'm gonna watch it and you see it! I'm going to take the leg out! Our team sings classic rock. It's just awesome! 744-16 till now we got the Marlon pregame in just over an hour man. We can't wait can you wait? I can't. Let's go now. I'm thinking about tomorrow's pool. I don't know what inspired me to do this. Well, I know what inspired me. That did I just played with all the states. Hmm. And I'm thinking of myself, we never did this pool. What is the most obnoxious state? I don't know how to phrase it. You know what I mean? The most unlivable, the most... What state do you despise the most? As far as what? This is far as anything. Just a... you grow test-place to visit or live where you don't want to be there. Where would you like to... which state would you lease the state with? Well, I mean, floor I dumb, I'd be one. All I got some nice beaches and there's a few nice people around. Not third man. Yeah. You'd be worse speaking. I'd be the worst place. What? I've been to worst places. Right. Oh yeah. I would never go... I would never go to... right. Or South Carolina. They have beaches. Georgia? Beach. Beach is... and beaches. Yeah. I'm thinking, well, I'll have a list of 50. I'm not going to show you that. We're not leaving anything off. I'm thinking Indiana might get some votes. Indiana wants you. Indiana wants me and I'm not coming back to how Indiana... or even the Sturgis, Michigan. Michigan's pretty good place. Ever been to Michigan? Yeah. Not a bad place. Whether it's horrendous, but whether it's not everything, man. Whether ain't everything. Trust me when I tell you. You know what a nice place was? What's that? Salt and talked about Madison, Wisconsin. Whenever I know Wisconsin, I'm free from religion foundation. It's just a very nice, clean, pit-resk, kind of little town. Right. Well, little city. Leafs signed a fence and a collage, a hands-in, by the way. I know you're concerned about that. All right. Have you do these stuff going on? Yep. I see some people with them advice. Any good morning. Oh. I change channel just in time. David Crossby, this is an old story from the weekend. And here it is Tuesday already. And we never get around with this. Did you talk about this? You couldn't have because it was on Saturday. Nope. Famed Rock and Roller David Crossby was arrested early Saturday after a hotel made found weapons and marriage a wini in a suitcase. He'd accidentally left behind her in a short stay in Midtown Manhattan. Weapons and marriage a wini. Crossby 62 already had checked out of the double tree sweet hotel. At 1568 Broadway, where returned to our water clock in a morning recovery piece of luggage he'd left behind, police said. After we left however, make clean, gizroom found the bag in place for notified of its contents. A 45 caliber gun. Two magazines of ammunition, a hunting knife, a folding knife, a pocket knife, and a small bag of weed with rolling papers, quote officials said. Crossby called the hotel to say, let the bag in his room. That's always this smart thing to do. When he returned for a police were waiting and charged him there with criminal possession of a weapon and criminal possession of marriage a wini. He was around just before by the clock Saturday in the state Supreme Court in Manhattan. Or just as Robert Strauss said bail a 30,500 bucks despite the fence attorney Daniel Parker's request a wave bail and released a musician on his own record of assistance. Crossby appeared tired in court war, loose dark pants and a t-shirt reading a man in his truck. It's a beautiful thing. He left by a side exit, next scheduled appear in court may 19, Parker would not comment. How do you like that? Poor David Crossby just can't stop, you know it? He just can't shut off the crap. Like me, I can't shut off the fat, same thing. Tensher off the Beninger's ice cream coffee coffee crunch. Oh god. Chucky. Yeah. Toysy really watching hip hop artists will you shut up, speak in a land, although it's a good segue. Toysy really watching hip hop artists in Miami. They're watching you. They're monitoring you. Miami and Miami Beach police are secretly watching keeping dossiers on hip hop celebrities like P.D.D. and DMX and their entourage is when they come to South Florida. Police say is to protect the stars and the public protect us from hip hop. Please. Often as they photograph rappers as they arrived at MIA, they stake out hotels, nightcubs, and video shoots. They can sell the six inch thick blank binder of every rapper and member of his or her group with an arrest record in the state of New York. The binder begins with a photo and rap sheet of Grammy nominated rapper 50 cent. 50 cents. It ends with job rule. Both men are embelled in one of the most bitter feuds in hip hop industry. One that M&M 50 cents producer is worn in the song Boy, could lead the bloodshed. One that rapper few. The police in the upper of top entertainers, which hip hop experts criticizes unnecessary stereotyping was created to protect the public and musical celebrities who chose to make South Florida their destination to live in party. Like I said, who chose to make South Florida and I can't even find it empty now. How do you like that? Party. Yeah. Can you believe he's dead? Yeah, I was just thinking about that earlier. Wow. That was psychic you are. Don Cox's dead. He's sleep on with a fish as well. I just can't believe that. Have you? Hey, can we interrupt just briefly because I'm trying to get a message to this guy in New York. A message to Waka. The guy that is always fatsing books. He's a good guy. I'm sure he's listening to me. Me, me, as well. He's got good intentions. But all day long he faxes 10, freakin 20 page fatses. Just faxes. Fatses. Third man. First page. If you're going to fax it all or don't. All day long. Hmm. From this guy. His love is a lot already. We do value. Attaches are good. But to bug off. First of all. This is pissed off and fired up in New York. We can't read your fax machine for some reason. The system might be police chief Charles Press says we have to keep an eye on these rabble reads the last thing we need in this city is violence. We want to know violence and software. Government agencies keeping tabs on musicians is not new. The Nixon administration investigated former Beatles Johnlin and the 1970s. Tread have deported. The band body kind led by rapper iced tea got the attention place naturally in the early 90s. With a song cop killer. But those cases involve individual artists and groups not moderating across a musical genre. There's been no shortage of rock stars in the musician scrutinized by police and Anthony Decurdis contributing editor at Rolling Stone. But there's never been anything like this. Look at the times in which we live. You see what I'm saying? Speak in the John Aschron. Several music executives in legal scholar Sadie intelligence gathering highlights the misunderstanding between the police and a $10 billion industry. The police they continue to use the slings of high profile artists like to pack the notorious BIG and run DMC's Jam Master J to justify tracking many in industry. I mean, did not all scumbags are they? I don't know the moment. Oh, some people see gangs in hip hop artists as being synonymous with Benjamin Chavez, president and chief executive officer of the hip hop some of action network. Oh man, a government watchdog and hood of registration group. Yeah, the hip hop some of action network. Right. That's a mistake. He said the recording industry is a legitimate American enterprise. Not a gang. But set a treaty Bruce Rogo. This kind of conduct shows insensitive ability to constitutional limitations. It also implicates racial stereotyping. Rogo successfully represented two live crew when the rapper was prosecuted for obscenity in the early 90s. And you want to know why they were prosecuted in the early 90s? Why? Oh, God. Because they so dirty, man. They so dirty, Sheriff. That's a lot of work. Speaking of obscenities, here's the fact that says the Rick Sanchez show is still on the air, but you can tell they're dying over there. The film would yell like it. Mostly they're doing plenty of vacation giveaways and prizes by watching the show to get the secret word or phrase. So even if the show is puked and dozing, the stay at home numb nuts will watch in hopes of winning something. Besides, it's good comedy as they wait for Oprah. Side note. Wow. Phil Henry shows being bleep left and right and they don't play him live anymore. It's mostly reruns with all the bleeps of the previous day with stuff cut out or bleeped. How do you like that? Are you sure? No, sure. This is I hope he's still loving, uh, looking the bush mice director what he and his people are doing. Well, that's what happens. Just like Howard, same thing, sucked up to the bush mice before a long time. Didn't do any good. Soon as he had changed his tool a little bit. Bye bye. Bye bye, sir. Myster. By the way, something. Yes. Thanks as. Thank you. He loves you. What everything worked out, Hank. No, Hank is great. Hank is legendary. Hank doesn't have to prove it. And then what really I resent bitterly. And I mean this bitterly. You remember when we before we started in Hank had that run in, was the first suspension. See, which I don't do suspensions. I mean, if you don't want to pay me, then we'll see in court. I don't play in the middle of that. That's right. I'm there and if you don't want to let me on here, then we'll go to court. I haven't any meetings. But that first thing, which was a total lie. And Tom Jick exposed Greg Reed for the liar that he wasn't a newspaper at that time. Uh, the business about well, he picked out Wayne. I was saying that in the food and the press box, they had nothing to do with it. It was all again about screw-in and fill us the award or not. See, two of Greg's bunk bunk buddies there with the station for many years. And that's what it was all about. He didn't treat them nice. And so he got suspended without pay. And then it goes through all kind of crap. And I remember in those days, Greg rattling his spirit. Oh, I don't know if I want to have Hank on our staff. All of the crap. Well, since those days largely thanks to me and my tone, Hank, take the check to the bank. Hank, let's be a listen. Take the money. The banks weed are please. Ignore more ons like Greg Reed and screw-in at bitch. Just take the money straight to the bank tomorrow's pay. They put a smile on your big bet, post. Equities and so much. So now here we have the same thing all over again. Based on the guys of, well, it's a hostile, a work environment that he's making his comments in a hall. A big thing can deal. Okay, grow up. Grow up, Greg. Now, what does this thing about a woodpecker here? Is this two clean up? I don't know. I don't do it. I don't do it. I saw that word woodpecker. That's you and for me. I'm not going there as they like to say. Don't even go there. Girl, would you like that expression? But guess what? I'm not going there. Just like you said about the South Carolina. I'm not going there. No, I'm not going there. I wish I had to pass through there. What either woodpecker? Not going there. Let's see. Studio script notes on the passion. They've hated the Steve Martin. Is this amusing or not? It's cute. Scordor out. Dear Mel, we love love the script. The ending works great. You're going to be getting call from us to start negotiations for the bookrise. Written in Mel Gibson. Of the Jesus character. So like, I don't want to read this. It's just cute. I don't want to do it because we get Pablo all upset again. He's probably a... The film would be like, in painting himself on something sharp right now. I'm going to do something. Oh, I'm sure. And that could be it. So the police are secretly watching the hip-hop artists in the South Florida. They're so keep your, we just covered yourselves according to it. It's all I can tell you. I feel better now. Good. And now you'll be in a good place we can be safe. Who should John Kerry pick is his running mate? That's our poll question. But I don't, don't miss Kerry Otis. He's our sunshine girl today. We hope that's. We hope that's. Oh, just behind the beaded curtain. John Edwards, 2012 oughta be the running mate. And you know, I don't have a problem with that. Although I don't see the great political strategy there. I don't see what the big game is. Do you? With John Edwards. Right. A new England kind of guy with a pick for the balance ticket. But what's what states in the South is, John Edwards going to help John Kerry win if there are swing voters in the South. That's the idea. Yeah. Well, did now for when Florida last time? Right. He did. I mean, they stole it, but he wanted it. Nevertheless. In other words, he'll swing more votes in that direction than say, Joe Lieberman. But you're missing the point. Well, you're not talking about Julie, but he's not even on a list. We're talking about somebody who might win him some state, who might win in the election by having him on a tick. I don't see where John Edwards fits that bill. I don't care if he's got 90% of these votes because it was pretty typical from the beginning when we started taking a poll. They say, oh, John Edwards, because that's what they're supposed to say. They think, you know, I go to for gram on the poll and just talking about what they are saying. I voted for bubble myself. Yeah. I ain't going to happen, but sure. Well, well, sounds great. That's the ideal idea. 610 votes. 610. Oh, my God. You know what? 610 votes. Holy. 610. Wild. Oh, I hate that stage. That's another cheap channel station. Another one good piece of news is that I don't see a lot of crossover between Lardaz Limbaugh, that Hill Pop and Phonohympacrit, right wing asshole. I don't see a lot of cross over between him and Howard Stern. So why don't think that the people who listen to Howard were pissed off at their channel. They're going to have to give up anything that they like, like Rush or the Schmidt, my serena, that crap. Because they don't listen to that stuff anyway. Right. 610 votes. Edwards 213. Graham 104. Good old BDI Bobby. Bill Clinton 100. I don't care. I'm for Bush 58. I'm in half percent pretty weak. Hillary 34. I don't care period 34. No matter what you say. Dick and Hart's got 20. General Wesley Clark 20. Bill Riches in 13. Tom Brokeaus about eight. And Bill Nelson. And I like that name. He's got six. We're supposed to win you five six. You a M. Mr. Kenny. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers welcome on our. Hey. From the makers of the passion of the Christ comes. Passion of the Christ. On ice. All the violence of the movie you loved. But with a triple axle crucifixion. See columns of graceful Roman soldiers whipping and weaving around a magnificent Messiah. And your time reports these skaters really nailed this one. And USA today says jumping Jesus Christ on ice is cold blooded fun. Bring the kids to witness and save your each moment they cross. The grace, the glory and the suffering of Christ on ice. How do you think this is going to be a good day today? Yeah. It's a great day. George our polls are dead sentence for John Mahamad. He's going to get off in October and tomorrow. Lee Boyd Malvo gets a he's going to get his. You're going to get sentenced tomorrow. So that's some excellent news. We got the Marlins and the Metz coming up from Port St. Louisley at 1255 a set known. So that's even better news because we get on here early. And then the Marlins fans are just hanging on on the edge of their sentence. And in order to Marlins fans are just hanging on on the edge of their seats waiting for every pitch by the coma inducing Dave. Van Boring. Well that's really yeah that's criminal. That's pathetic. Wait ten years this. President Bush's chief political advisor Carl Roe of Tool the FBI and interview last October that he circulated and discussed damaging information regarding CIA operative Valerie play with others in the White House. Outside political consultants in journalist according to a government official and attorney for the media on going special counsel's investigation of the matter. But Roe also adamantly insisted to the FBI that he was not the administration official who literally the information that claim was a covert. CIA operative to conservative comments Robert Novak last July. Rather Roe insisted only circulated information about claim after the period Novak's column. He also told the FBI the same sources said that circulating the information was a legitimate means to counter what he claimed was politically motivated criticism of the Bush administration by claims husband. Former ambassador Joseph Wilson. You want to think you folks have to understand you better get it right now get right it down on your arm like in a mental. Okay. We do not criticize the government. No got it. We have vays. That's right. The US you don't criticize the government. No criticize our president. The vice president. You don't criticize the uh secretary defense the secretary state the secretary of the interior the exterior. The posterior. None of these things. Back home got it and you certainly don't criticize condolese. The national security adviser that's right. Don't even think about it. Too late I thought about it. Well you're done. Oh, and Crofts are now underway and they're showing the uh look at that they're showing the lapar scopic where they stick it. They're going to stick it through. Little hole in the abdomen in your belly. We go in with what looks like a pair of scopes and they put a little bag around the golf. They got a little panicky there because they discovered the hole in a crosshead and they thought she did we drill in a wrong place. Back though. And that one too. Dig one. Did they find his black heart? 567. 560 pound five 60 on the eight his black part pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. So the surgery's underway. I certainly hope it's over successfully and he has several good volumetric later in the day so we can weed about it with papers like I's now. Look at that foam man. That's what I think is for a new one. Okay, do we need to sterilise? Jay Jew and Americans. Good. Good for you. That's it. That's the end of our calls today. I'm telling you these days when we have Marlon's baseball it's a mixed bag. On one hand it's real blessing to get out of here early on the other hand. Man they started diving away from that radio dial. This in case they might hear a pitch. WQM hello. Hello. Hello, that's the interlocal today. I'm telling you these days, but we have mothers here. We got a lot of internal. Yes. Hey, you're so proud. Okay, thank you. This flash. Yeah. That's the real bulletin. Another one of your people by the way. That was probably what's his name? What's his name? Pablo. Pablo's boyfriend. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you? Okay. Listen, I'm pissed off. I bought the FCC going back here. Do you want to go back to you? Is this the question? Yes. I am pissed off. I want you to know that. Another thing is, I'm praying that Ask God's eyes is surgery right now. Okay. Well, it's going on right now. So we'll give you a play by play. Well, let's you know how it all comes out. 567. He got his John Ask God Food Who Dollars. Probably sticking to pin right in the back though. Right as we speak now. The anxious attorney general, man, just in a disgrace. A man who's covering a boobies on statues. A man from the Stone Age. Wow. He makes fundamentalist Christians look like 10 Kennedy, like Raving Liberals. That's how far to the right he is. Your attorney general, they're working. WQM. Hello. Neil. How are you? Okay. Yeah. I'm also pretty pissed off about the FCC too. And what's really amazing is that the FCC got the largest amount of public input regarding the media mergers, you know, and the expansion of the network. Yeah. They got, what was it? 19 million. That was right. And they still don't care. They still because they're in bed with Viaconna with the, with Chief Channel. They don't give a grant. Yeah. But 0.01% of the population is upset about the Janet Jackson Boob. And I thought like a major benefit. But the other thing that I really wanted to talk about is this religion and wars thing that you were talking about a little while ago. And I thought, yeah. Well, you know, the United States is the country. If you read that there's a big no-resince key book called the Ask and Trap, he discusses on there how under the Carter administration and after the Carter administration too, they were funding the Mujahadim and Bin Laden, you know, to uprise against the communism. Right. And you know, it's, you can say this about Pakistan and it's rise to power and all of their... You're going through all of those, you're, you're wearing me out. Your, your, your intentions are good. But we know all of this. Sodom was our man and those, so it was our man because he was fighting to risk his, the communist and baby doc was our man and Papa doc before him was our man and everything was our man. Yeah. And, you know, when you support dictators, that's what, what happens all over the world. And then they will fear you. And they will hate you like poison. That's what's having to work in a day where despise, we've filed all around the world. Not so much as individual people but the American government, now they fear us like crazy. They're peeing on their good way either. No. In a bad way. WCWM, hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. You think John S.Cop is making the doctor's operate while he has his pajamas on. Last I heard you had to be new. When you had an operation. That was a good day, buddy. Something to think about it. Okay. You think he's wearing his P.J. You get one of those gowns that are open. Oh, he ain't going to be wearing no gown. That's not a manly thing for a guy like our attorney generally wearing some kind of a gown. Maybe he can wear it backwards. Oh, brother. With a flat in front. I can't say that. Ah, a backward. Sorry. A backward. Right. 567.0560. Pound 560. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. A great day at QAM. The Humper survives another 10-by-grid weed Just grow a bank. Just stick it to him. Take that money right to the bank. Just laugh all the way. And don't stop it any drive through either on the way to the bank. Please. That's the only thing I'm worried about. You're wrong, Sam? What are you saying? Well, I'm saying that there's a lot of, you know, every street court is another Mickey D's. There's Wendy's in Arizona. I see. Pop eyes and all of these things. So just make the effect. How that they have these newfangled cars that have the, what the hell do they call them? Wheel. Yeah. Steering wheels. No, they have the radar stuff where you're going to find, you know, the locator like the GPS. Right. How do they get it? Exactly. Very good. Oh, Josh is there. And then it's for the driver. No, seriously. When I have that kind of stuff, what you ought to be able to do is like, set it automatic and go like, wherever you were going to the bank. With no ability to stop in between. Other than that one, you have to stop for traffic. But no ability to make any pit stops. You want to say? Or the doors lock so you can't jump out. Right. That's right. And the window is locked too. So you can't roll the window down and, you know, get that sack handed through the window. That big fat sack. Oh, speaking of sack, there's George Teneth. And what I did or what I didn't do is. But it would be, but it would, but about, yeah. Sure. Tell us another story, George. Who should John Kerry pick for his running mate. We asked on the rojus.com today. 660 votes. That ain't too shabby. John Edwards 227 Bobby Graham 114. Bill Clinton 1110. We want Bubba back. I don't care on per bush 62 9.3% of people who just absolutely refuse to be swayed by the truth. I don't care period 36. Hillary 34, Wesley Clark 26, Dick Gavar 21 people all up for Dick. Bill Richardson 14, Tom Brocott 10, and poor Bill Nelson's only got six, six. He's only got six votes. How to 660. That ain't too good. Yeah. Anyone on the why? Nobody wants who that is. Nobody knows who that is. If you went out on the corner of 441 and I was very road right now and you found anybody who's smoking was. And we said, you know who Bill Nelson is and they'd say, Hey, they look at you with that strange look. Or if you went on the other side of the street and asked that question, they might say, John, just before you make your deal. WCWM, hello. Oh, hi. Yes, sir. Speaking. Oh. Yeah. Oh. WCWM, hello. Hey. Yes, sir. Oh, hi. I didn't think I gave you some quick. I didn't write you down. How you doing, man? Pretty good, man. Um, dude. I'll write you down. All right. The miracle of modern science. Oh, what a show. And the price is right. Let me say it again. The price is right. Everybody is everybody in South Florida sitting around our radio. You know, dealing with that radio dial. Dittle with each other. Let's name this show. I don't care what arbitrons says. I don't care what Bill Tanner says. That's silly, lady. I don't care what else she's screaming. Oh, the Spanish language stations. We're not getting enough credit. Yeah, right. Yamama. That's my comment to you. Yamama. Miss Tanner. See that that's a mistake is Miss Tanner right there. Right off the bat. That's our first mistake. But keep in mind it is the pepper Tanner building. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Look at that. We got 177 delegates in Florida. 165 up for grams today of which carry will get what 450. Something like that. Why are they wasting their time with this? In fact, it's a good idea. And I know not too many people have voted for it because the die is already cast. But for practice, right? Yeah. I know touchscreen machines go out there and touch it a little bit. Why do you still can't? How does this machine wait? Go out there and play a little bit of a hand. You also can do some practicing for November when a lot of you are going to be voting 3, 4, 5 times. What these old codgers, these old codgers that are running the polling places, on doing a little bait and switch bring your bag of disguises stuff like that. If you think I don't run the ATM, all of these things. 12 minutes past noon at 5, 60. Q and we got the marlins and the meds coming and all I can say is, thank God. You're like a new y'all. This is for 20, 50. You way out. Push, hate, Steve. Push, hate, Steve. Your feet, how upass? A gay amendment down. The love depends, for the go to become on their read home. Or more, we discussed it unless you're a head to Rokus. Push, hate, Steve. They say our love is taboo. They're what we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say. Because my love is so strong. They tell us we should be ashamed. We're not husband and wife. But I cherish each moment with you. I'm so glad you're in my life. You're my prison bitch. My prison bitch. You're not like a man. I'm glad we share a prison cell. When lights go past etching. I can't accept who I feel. Now that would be a crime. As long as I am doing you, I don't mind doing time. Calls you a buy. Prison bitch. My prison bitch. And I have no regrets. I got you for a candy bar. And a pack of cigarettes. At first you were a resistance. But now you're all my friends. I knew that I would get you in the end. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. I guess that you were sitting from above above. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. And now you're all my prison. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm a prison bitch. You're prison bitch. And you're a sex machine. Oh, oh, oh. I only have a one request. How about some of the police? Sure. I'm tired of this prison cell. I'm here to get away. The sentence leads you seven years. Not seven times a day. I'm not prison bitch. You're in for all my life. Are you sure? I really hate these markers. That the character of my back. I thought that I could break away. But now I'm losing hope. God, I'm tired of pain and I'm lost so. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. I've heard of the lights cause I can hardly wait. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. I'll never get out. I'm ready. You go straight. Prison bitch. I'll never say goodbye. You're not alive over your others. Too bad they had to die. On the second thought I'd be about to die. If you want me to. You're prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. You're living. You're living. Is never leaving. Yeah. Yeah. I personally would not sell me. But now you're my full man. Some forever. I'm not alive. No, I'm not alive. Yeah, I'm not alive. I'm not alive. Are you hurting her? No. You're not alive when you call her, nish. No. Oh. Who. Who. I like that. Do it again. 21 past noon at 5.60. WQ and the land of the used to be free and used to be brave and used to have all kinds of freedoms not no more. No more freedoms baby. But the good news is DC Stapford killer my helmet sentenced to death. What do I call that? John Allen my hand was sentenced to death. I told him he snipe her shootings that terrorized the Washington area. Circuit Judge Lee Roy Mulled you and you turned aside a plea from my Hamid's attorneys to spare their clients life. He ordered my Hamid executed October 14 but that date likely would be postponed to allow appeals. See that's what bugs me all these appeals on and on. Just like Bundy. How many years did they appeal at that thing? About 30 minutes. What's currently fried his nasty ass? God. My Hamid denied any. This is the best part. He denied any of the involvement in the killing students they tell him the judge. Don't make a fool of the constitution of the United States of America. Just like I said in the beginning I had nothing to do with this and I'll say it again. I had nothing to do with this. Right. Right. Say it again. I know that it would okay. Keep saying it. Are you sure? Here's the facts from Mike who's obviously been hanging out under the bed too long and I don't blame him for being a little bit obscured. He says I've got a bunch of websites. I can't find John Kerry's middle name. Could we have another JFK? Is this name Francis? Fredo. Seriously, this is his name Francis? No. Well, he is JFK. We do know that. But I had he says do we have another JFK? No. The initials are JFK, but do we have another JFK? No. No, chain. I've been closed. I don't want to pee on his parade, but you know he ain't no JFK. California lawmakers proposed lowering the 40 year vote against the 14. All right. What a joke. But you made a good point for the show when I talked about the story and that is that the kids they like Arnold big time. So he could have like 90% of the vote next time. And of course, we'll pass that amendment in Congress and make him eligible to run for president. We can have eight years of Arnold as president. Minions of California teenagers and the combinations first to vote under a proposed constitutional amendment introduced yesterday by a 71 year old state senator. Senator John Vascon Cello, Stemocratic Santa Clara, proposed the idea alongside three other lawmakers, same the internet, cell phones, multi-channel TV and a diverse society make today's teams better informed than generations of their predecessors. Right. So I guess they can figure out if they're going to vote for Arnold and Pornosaise, right? I'll do it. Behind the beaded. The rope. Coming on the heels of an expected record load turnout among adults in the March second election, Vascon Cello's would give 16 year olds March second election. What does that mean? Isn't today March 9 last time I checked? Yeah. Oh, I see on the heels of what last week. Vascon Cello's would give 16 year olds a half of vote and 14 year olds a quarter of a vote to state elections beginning in 2006. Got that? Got that? If you're 16, you're going to half of vote. If you're 14 to quarter of vote and if you're 50, I guess you get like, what's between a quarter and a half, three eights? Okay. Yeah. Two thirds. The idea formally called training wheels for citizenship first requires two thirds of approval. See there you go. By the legislature to appear on this November's ballot. California's suggestion comes 33 years after the West Lord is voting age from 21 to 18. A minute, fledgling youth will be in the US and other nations to lower the voting age. Supportors say, is we'll allow 17 year olds to vote local elections, while Austria and Germany last 16 year olds to vote in some local elections. A bill in California led 17 year olds vote in primary elections when they will be 18 year olds from general election is languished. People who are given opportunity when accounts often live up to its advanced concelles, fight by nearly 14 years from across the state. Right. A Republican colleague called it, the another side they have ever heard. Set a sentiment, ray hands Republican and we were at it. There's a good reason why 14 and 16 year olds don't vote. They're not adults. They're not mature enough and here comes my favorite line of the whole year. They're easily deceived by political shardohin. Well, not like the adults. But I still say it's a stupid idea. Okay. Just put the crap. That's like 10 year olds. What do you say? We give them a tentative of vote and then we get to be 12 again. Like a eight tenths. Right. Zyne America. Baby, that's all I can tell you. It's insanity. Mass madness. Lunacy. This is your Congress hard at work. This is the state legislators hard at working California. Is if they don't have bigger fish to fry? 26 past noon at five 60 WM. How's your new year's resolution going? It's already the ninth of March. Like I said, only moments ago and you're still fat? Just like every year? Well, it's just our intent to stick to that old die Regiment for most people like me with balance for life. They make it easy, not hard. Balance for life is the premier meal delivery service based on the zone died. And they live a right year door. Three meals and two delicious snacks every day right your doorstep. And we're talking about fresh delicious food. Nothing frozen. Nothing of pre-famricated. No chemicals. So with all that good food, how can you say you're really on a diet? Try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone died and don't settle permutations. Imagine there's no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning, no calling. What did say another spy yesterday? No chili. No chili, no koo-dee, something like that like fresh ratford said. People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life. The zone died's been proven lower diabetes, high cholesterol and blood pressure too. And now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet, here's your chance because balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because balance for life is the only meal delivery company that offers you menu choices that allow you to go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach diet. The only choice you have to make is fill it out that menu once a week and they do all the cooking all the preparing and they make it a piece of cake without the calories. So feel the difference and see the results on the scale almost overnight. Call them toll free at their new number right now. One, eight, six, two, five, four, five, four, three. That's one, eight, six, six, two, five. Four, five, four, three. And when you call, be sure mention our good friend Troy, which let's say the better. Or check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com. My, my, and local, we are sports video, five, 60, two, a, yeah. I'm a taxi, car, but I'm driving, several parts. You look that mean so quish, a green, knock a key, where's the dark? So I acted out my pop, charade. And with my arms, the trees I made, there's no bug, speaks English and a mull. I went down to my, yeah, I met Beach weather weather, but there's no sense of name. I walked into a little bit of gust, storm, but a guy there talks real fun. I asked him for a pint of fortune, be me just knowing the end of what does that mean? But the butter's too English, I'm gonna mow. Got the corner deline. Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's kicking with smelly. Or you can go back to the lower end. I came here, we're making years ago, we've learned my ABC. I don't say much as gross as I said pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick, you're an American now, stop making me sick. No butter, speak English, come on and mow. Come on, come on, come on. Come on, here's a fabulous fake or crank facts from Boka. Here, Mr. Roger, this letter is to let you know, this is the final straw I heard your show is many time, and it becomes apparent you develop your on-air persona into something that seems very angry and negative toward the neighborhood, you abroad cash too. Back in the days you've seen more personable, it was upbeat then, with topics and local updates of speed trap. Everyone was happy and we have good times, maybe you bring back your old birdman or lightning round. We was happy and made me smile like a child. Stop relying on right wings that are out, this is a past that won't return. Stock George from talking, this seems to upset you. Without changes, I won't listen long time listener, also misspelled like everything else in his time to rose. Castle-Holys rose. Yeah, have a good one for us. Wow. Actually that was from Mike and Boka, Mike El Gallant Gifts. Yeah. Phone number. Got the facts number. It's just a joke, Mike. Go be sent in this no more funny crank of facts is okay, with all kinds of misspellings. We got the Marlins and Amets exhibition baseball any interest. Oh, they don't care, 1255, it's coming with your lecher or not, so be prepared, put your hand right on that knob now. Be prepared to twist it fast. Who should join carry pick for his run-inmate that's our pull question of 8, 731 votes not too bad? John Edwards 254, Bob Graham 127, that's exactly a double isn't it? Last time I checked. Okay. Like I said, Edward 255, Graham 128, Bill Clinton 123, I don't care on for Bush 67, 9.1% pretty Wake, pretty Paul Pree, Bushmeister, I don't care period 40, Hillary 37, General Wesley Clark 32, Dick K. 22, Bill Richardson 14, Tom Broko 11 and poor Bill, not so still sucking when they're in last place. He's only got six, man. That is pretty weak, he's got six out of 700 and some odd. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. Hey, damn I. WQAM hello. Hello, Jill, I'm a black man who pissed off to fire the night. Alright, get some George Floyd. Yeah. That's it. I guess I was it. I was just waiting for maybe like a little quick follow up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, come on, you only got about 15 minutes to go here to ball game. Tell me, I know you folks can do it, man. Come up with a great A-Stuff. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. WQAM hello. Hello, how you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, I just put my ears on. So you might have already gone over this, but I heard from some very inside sources in the FCC that them finds are going to be suspended till after the election. How is that possible? Well, I heard the 12 finds you were talking about that would be put out the week. Coming down this week, right. Right. I'm not going to be coming down until after the election because they don't want anybody looking like a murder. I listen to the search show on home this morning. Yeah. And that's what he started to show with that he's got to. Very good inside sources inside the FCC. Yeah. And, you know, they don't want the people to find in the course on the outside bush. You know, looking like murder. Well, I think I knew. And that's great. Yeah, you know, I figured you want to hear that. That's the only reason I've heard all the more reason to kick bush out in November, I hear it, Iceland. Oh, I'm going to book that now, but no bush in my White House and no bush in my women. I'm happy to see you. Come back. 560, 50560. 560, 80 and 10 Verizon. Well, we didn't do that test this morning. Let's do that tomorrow. Okay. Well, Joe, is an ostrich that we have to do that. All right. I keep telling stuff about that and he's like, Well, I like that. Of course, Clarence, he's busy with sports with ball games, you know. With all kinds of odd shaped balls. So that would be interesting. Good news if that happens to be true. That's going to, but I don't know. I'm a little bit dubious about that. Because Howard seems to be singing a different tune every day now. The last Friday was going to be maybe his last day on the air and his days are numbered. And the kids, Corey told you the finds are coming on this week. So what he said. And now evidently, at least according to this last caller, finds maybe he'll be off until after the election. That would be too obvious. What a day. Oh, WQM, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? One time, listen, I really like bush a lot though. I'm a bush man. Yeah. Yes, yeah. And that's it. Somebody QM, hello. Hey, how you doing, sir? Okay. Can I make a request, please? Maybe. It's real short. I'm Friday. George played the weapon of Jesus with a Howard Dean drop. Can you do that, please? Yes, you know, problem. No problem. What is that man talking about? A little passion play. It was just a thing. Yeah. There you go. That's it. That's enough. Wow. 560, 0560, pound 560. Keep them coming. Maybe they're getting better by the second on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Marlins in the Met at 1255. After the baseball game, you got the Humperous Back. Thank you, Lord. It's gone. At the American Airlines Arena from 4 to 70 got the Panther preview at 7, 7, 30. The Panthers at the American, whatever it is, the Air Canada Center. To play the Leaf 739. And then after the game, you got any cage on Mark overnight. That's our agenda, our schedule. We have our homosexual agenda for you. Speak for yourself. WQM, not there online. 9. QAM Hello. Hey. Yes sir. I was a forgive me and deal for I have since. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, listen. I have an idea for a billboard for you. Okay. Good. WQM. Hello. Hey. I just voted for John Kerry. And congratulations, sir. And I just want everybody to watch out for the October surprise. Whatever that may be. They probably have been loud in the can already. And if they don't watch out, it could be something that we can have to see. Now they just got some tall skinny guy at the, the, the hasn't been shaving pretty much lately. They'll whip him out. Good luck. Good. Good day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You don't forget they floored a primary today. Be sure and vote 20, 30 times as to be a, you know, give good practice for November. The Bush Myster's got only 8.9% 67 on our pool. I don't care. But Bush 8.9% 67. How do you like that, huh? All right. Maybe that actually means something you think. Could be. WQM. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you better, better, better, better, better, better. I'm calling you. Okay. I'm just a Jackson there and see what the spin brings around. Okay. We'll see what it brings around. Okay. I think maybe you're. Yeah. Wow. Jesse Jackson. He running? No. Woo. Heavy duty. Maybe his love child can be like the, uh, she can never be running. The little lady vice president. Where you think? What? Drugs. Numbers. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. I think it's a racial thing myself. WQM. Hello. Poor correct rule. WQM. Hello. Yeah. Hello. Yes, sir. We have to leave the lines of marijuana men. Yeah. I think they have all the problems. That'll take care of all the problems that are watching the DCM. Yeah. And not everywhere. All over the world. Right. Okay. Good luck to you, my man. George has got some really good crap for you. If you come by the station about one o'clock. Oh, I don't. Yeah, you do. I'm looking for it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. What happened to the good deals used to make out their right next to the, uh, Chuck's on the corner. They're 4, 41, 9, as Dury Road. How do they know what you're talking about? Uh, right by that barber shop. W2QM. Hello. Yeah. I'm for Bush, but it's a big green leafy car, you know. Okay. W2QM. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm just great. I'm Neil. And back to you. Almost. You're phone keeps recycle every two minutes. I, uh, hangs up. I'm going to keep going back. I don't know. Okay. Keep you busy. Keep your hands busy, man. All right. Anyway. I want to call you. I just something about with all the censorship going on. I mean, I, I, I, I wish you every day, but I've usually only half the day because I'm a driver. So I'm, I'm out of this. I'm out of the vehicle. Right. So, um, John, now, what is it? Is there anything coming down on you? You got a referendum or something or anything? No. No. Well, I love what we have not a letter, but we have a statement of policy by the company. And we have to watch our peace and cues, man. We have to be a, because the FCC has just changed the whole volume. No. They just changed all the rules in the middle of the game. Things that we've been able to do for 20, 30 years. Not no more. I realize that. Yeah. And, you know, a lot of your program is excellent. Uh, uh, entertainment. Yeah. But, um, I just, you know, I just don't want it to, uh, feed away because, uh, you know, they, they, you know, they don't, they're not going to allow you to do all your little sketch and all that. They're not going to allow us to do all our little sketch. But we'll do a different little sketch. You know what I'm saying? All right. Well, we have to think of another form. There you go. Good luck to us, pal. What was he trying to say? Little sketch. I see. By the way, speaking of that on this side of the border, meaning the side I'm on right now advocates of the same sex rights are calling it a brain drain. Or that's on the US side. While their counterparts in Canada are boasting of a gay game. You got that? Pardon? Since Canada's immigration law was changed in 2002 to recognize same sex partners for immigration purposes. And ever growing number of gay and lesbian couples have uprooted and migrated, especially couples, in which one partner is the US citizen and one is not. Most heterosexual foreigners in long term relationships with Americans can immigrate legally and stay with their loved ones by marrying, but gay couples don't have that option. The same sex wedding of being performed San Francisco do them no good, because immigration is a federal concern and the federal government doesn't of course recognize gay marriages. So as gay and lesbian couples from around the world flock to San Francisco to marry, people such as Abby Summer cast their eyes north. The 47-year-old San Francisco resident is making plans to move to Canada with her girlfriend to six years. She's a Russian-in-this-country-in-a-student visa. For us folks playing to take off the Canada and nothing's really changed. We still have to go and sit summer. A business development manager at a software company. No one should have to go through this. This country is like going back in time. It's a bunch of Puritan she says. I don't want to sound really bitter, but I am. How well said, this country is like going back in time. It's a bunch of freaking Puritan. I don't want to sound bitter she says, but I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. Hey. It's Howard. Howard Spam. Oh, right. That's all for Neil today. The barlands have to play. I'm sure Neil doesn't find going home. I'm going home. Now do wardleys, mort holes. And here it's EAT that blows. And the rest of us with five. Turn off the wheel. It's far less than strong. It's far less than strong. It's boring and it's a big barland face. It's small. And such a goddamn pity. Because I'm for those who don't like to think. And yet excitement from re-cock the same. It's far less than strong. Now I guess a f**k. Or get the enter caper. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. Or get the enter caper. The barlands want their payment. Attracture will be green and must be dead. First, despite the ratings, they have to pay the bid. And hopefully, they're tied in an audience. So brains are dead. It's hard to pay. It's small. It's time to make a sandwich. It's hard to pay. Small. I'd rather hear your men. Exciting as the sound of driving a tune. Design for those with trouble. Any lane. It's hard to pay. It's called. Life is as old as mud. I'm spot-of when in the road. It's a 50-  and an ambitious part of the day. It's called. No one gives a f*****. It's called the third-maid line. It's a very good one. Take the line of third-maid. And then sing it on a hearty beat to me. Great. It's a nice bleach in there though. I mean, like, with a whole world, it's just disappears into a hole, you know. you didn't think it's good good leaps oh it's just the echo it's done you know what are you going to pay the reaper but hey listen I couldn't understand a f***ing thing you said okay so this relax you got Marlon's in a meds color up 1255 maybe and two but we don't have these like every day you were right this morning man you finally hit it right on the head three hours a day sounds perfect to make this for our crap why do we have to pay this what kind of penalty are we paying here huh you were about for his on three hours a day to mad dog is only on two mm-hmm more extra little dog is on two morning shows on three and believe in that's three too many is it is uh is there any other four hour show on a station I mean except any k when he's on like uh what a ballgame listen I went which is very often right like yesterday 10 to 2 that's four hours but of course that's late at night there's no pressure everybody's drunk there is stone out of their mind they're a call in their bookies been out of shape I mean that's what Eddie's doing but you're right most nice he's lucky to be on two and a half hours three hours is plenty is what I say 10 to one mad dog one to four the hopper four to seven that's what I say sounds great to me let's take a vote I vote yes yes gosh yeah okay there you go three and three zip how's that any child draft coming along to reach I just closed the windows I don't feel it anymore oh come on you just gotta get with a program lunch you guys that want to win and a good young team and you know I'm excited to get there all the Dallas star sign Lubber mirror Kushner and Tothas no I was enough Napoli sign Kelly Johansson the Edmonton orders to rate Goli Tommy saddle and a six-round pick to have a lunch for defense in Tom Gilbert that nobody ever heard of I just had one and you get those real feelings and play hard to get those little feelings all right nothing to exciting most of the names that nobody ever heard of before 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T of rise marvelous line the world champion not just a marlins the world champion marlins coming up next and you have a game last week yeah we did at the same time more or less actually we were like gone by now on Thursday really ended now yeah well let me get out of here right now bye we'll play music 32 AM hello how do you know how to tell us yes sir I call the immigration service to be on my mother-in-law that illegal bitch nice nice work Kelly to buy it's not real for real 32 AM hello hello yes sir you had me on speaking are you doing okay you gotta legalize them that's just a way yeah the only way on earth huh that'll make everything calm everything will be great okay no more worries no okay see the border pali got some real good crap for a rough back from Amsterdam 32 AM hello yes no speaking how are you I'm doing great hey you think you leave him and really crystal together in the template same person man well I tell you your people are on a feeling friends you today what they must have got the good stuff you know it's nice to share I'd head down right over to sweetwater when it shows over and find out are we are getting a big pile of crap I'm going to bomb water because I know if I was looking for a big pile of crap it will be in sweetwater make no mistake I'm sorry about it QA and hello oh she I WQA and hello Mollinger next Marlins will be on in four minutes sir I'm going to kill myself now thank you okay good don't make a mess WQA and hello yes sir yeah I just want to say George Bush sucks okay thanks for the bulletin okay George Bush sucks that's in us we just got anybody wasn't aware that George Bush sucks if you miss the other piece of big news today it was the big conference Leavener clock this morning in Greg Reed's office Greg and a hammer the Hebrew hammer I ended out when it not there ended out that's a good news thank the Lord for that now why do we have like a time thing because I'm gonna go up play a little music yeah is it exactly up and down for a five minutes that's a music they'll fade us out at 55 more or less well I mean don't say just how about a five-pray music it wasn't long enough to go to 55 see you're missing a whole point and I would fill the breach yeah sure would love this this is so perfect man for Marlins baseball and a town where nobody cares champions are not can we get our money back at those Marlins caps we didn't really mean it we just wanted to be on a bad wagon for a day or two please pretty please and by the way punch send punch pack and baby right to Detroit a match made in purgatory albeit wishes like an opening day one last thing to Howard to Howard don't let Barry Jackson in this stuff about your shoulders not in her all right I know he's gone left and because when he's off the air he goes up the boat he's sitting up listen to the more that he's moving is that that motio flat that you're bringing back again shame on you don't forget Howard's stern six to ten a entire replacing Roland Gully and Joe are you sure are you are you sure he's getting asleep lots or if you're winning down terug among yeah the other way Oh, we're fine. Those people... F**k it man! Here's the guy. F**k, so very, okay man. F**k, so very, okay man. F**k, so very, okay man. F**k, so very, okay man. F**k, so very, okay man. F**k, so very, okay man.