Sports time is 10 o'clock the big daddy new Rogers coming up next Hope there's a crack about Rick and let me go very ago Line up on How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America Leians us guys outrageous累 And everybody is on. We're doing good for boys. Here we go, let's be in style. We're out of the corner field on the hall. I spent Billy's last night's big boys. When we were in the hotel just with your white balls, now just a memory. And if we don't know anything about you, now say we're in lots of dance memories. And everybody from our kids' hall. And we're in our class. Our class is in our fucking heroine. We're here, yes, I'm here. I'm like, you should do it all, you're not doing it. And all of yourself, well, say hello, we know. Up, up, up, up, up. Up, they care of the boys. They can care of them, it's not up. I'm a crazy old man, well, up, up. This is where we come up, each song is that everything I ever saw. All of your runs with your little goop, he's all. He's all. He's never had this easy, you're so cheap. He's all I'm running in and all the air ready. We don't believe it, you're a easy band. No, sir, we're talking about painting, bad feeling like that. And every song is all, sir. Actually, I L L L A, all white. All right, all right. All right. Now, Rachel, 10 or two or five, 60, WDQ, I'm shooting pretty good last night. Okay. George didn't see any of the convention last night because he was busy getting drunk. Dave Higgins going away party. That is correct. Boy. Good luck to you, Dave. Dave Higgins going in the York. Does he go to the fan do we know? I don't know. I was told, but I immediately forgot. He's going, he's working on a satellite radio series. Really? Really? That's it for the NFL network. Yes, sir. Well, it's not great. Good luck to you, Dave. Good luck. Good Jewish boy. Never stole a free train. 1655 votes on George's toy yesterday, which is maybe a record. I think. I think for me, yeah, definitely. For a little George. That's a lot of votes for a little puss like George. And of course, the poll question was pretty obvious. What's your reaction to this richly William Stang? And I think the rumors I'm hearing is that the songfloor to people being the great, great loyal people that they are. They really are rock solid. They're turning on him like a cornered rat. Yeah, he's a frotec. He's a hot spot, crazy. Whatever. That's fine. Yeah. Yeah. It was great when it was a member of the team, member of the establishment and run a like crazy. Help it to win some ball games. But now that he's excited to hang it up, going over to Asia somewhere. I don't want to talk about where he's going. I'll let you sit. Anyway, George, I asked what's your reaction to this way, you're right. What can William Stang? Which has nothing to do with a puss. I'm bummed but I'll get over it. 560 people said that. 33.8%. Makes no difference to me. 400. It's great. I hate the dolphins. That was my vote. 305. Romer, I'm starting today is that because Ricky Wames retired the dolphin games a long time ago. We heard on Q and we're going to be here in a Patriot Games this season. That's what I'm hearing. Oh, right. It's great. I hate the dolphins 305. That was definitely my choice. Who the F is Ricky Williams, 166. Life just ain't worth 1181. I think what they're really trying to say is, I have no line. Right. WQA and Ricky Williams line. Hello, yes. What's the talk about Ricky Williams? Yes, go ahead. Why he went to Asia? Why? He left the team? Yeah. I think is his field? Yeah. He has high. He just ran. I think he went back to Australia because he went to vacation. He met in a Parisini. Yeah, is that it? And yes, and he wants to run with him in the wild. He's like a bird. Excellent. There's the answer. He's all been 1340s last couple of days. He wants to run with his Averine Averine G boyfriend. He's like a bird. Anyway, like to stay with a little and 81. Nothing can get me down. Shaxon down. Yeah. 81. In other words, again. I have no line. And I think that dolphins still have a shot. And 62, which means Jimmy Johnson voted 62 times. Pretty sad. We got a shot. Yeah. What did I tell you about that often? So that's my second powers again. I was saying, eight and eight I was trying to be generous. Now I'm thinking more like more like seven and a half. Yeah. Is what it's going to look like this year. Oh, that's right. That's 16. Seven and a half. Ain't to break the bad news here. All you fish fans out there. Kylie Bax speaking of fish. Kylie Bax is behind our beating curtain. They have big improvement. I got that Kate Austin up there. How could you put that on there? Kate's very popular at attractive. Why? What? She looks like a pencil. One of the original super. She looks like a pencil with boobs. She is a good one. Well, Kylie Bax is definitely up great. She's under today. She was born January 15, 1975 in Tames, New Zealand. Maybe Ricky will run into her when he goes down under. You think? So that makes her 29. What a nice age. Her filmography get over it. 2001 perfume, boys and girls, Jill the River, we married Margo. The big teas, storm catcher and a bunch of other stuff. So there she is. Kylie Bax is on our website behind the beating curtain today. If you're going to be as if a hundred you got like a bunch of ID. Because John Anis crops are watching you. They've brought this watching you. He's watching your hands when you're we time you click on our website or any other website. He's watching you're very closely and carefully. He's got his eye on your fly. So what do you think about Ricky? What has to be? It was, as this week it's Ricky. Oh, thank God for all these dumb jokes, man. What else would we do? WQAM, hello. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. Oh, he must be one of the animal lovers. Tita? That's what he was called. Is that it? Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. I have a feeling I couldn't be wrong but I have a feeling we're going to have some fine calls today. When I first went good? Yeah, better. I have a feeling. Anyway, I saw a lot of the convention last night. Much of it. I came in right now, Gore finished. Mr. Ed, good to meet you. And then I saw, what do I see? So, you know, we saw you, what's that kids name? Yasha Heifetz, whatever that kid's name is. The Jewish kid with the badsets. Play amazing grace. That was a stellar moment. In fact, I just saw a minor with Bill Hummer on CNN. I thought they were going to do something to be honest with you. They've been pretty shaken and taken. And shook his hands. They're weased it for him like a real man. Anyway, I saw that. And then I saw Hillary came. She was pretty good. He did a nice little speech introducing her husband. They can't. I did you see the clip when he came out and they hugged? Yes. No kiss. No. None that Alan Tipper crab from 2000. Good God. I can't even imagine last time the two of them, well, I don't want to even, we're thinking about it. Yeah, certainly it's not safe for the same room. I'm sure that kind of like the king and the queen of England and Prince Philip. But at any rate. I'm going to get big hug. And she made a pretty good speech. And then he just was sensational. I don't care what anybody says. It was great. It was one of the kept thinking of myself, oh, why can't we have him back? Okay. Just for four more years. So have to be eight. But he's saying. Okay. Fine. Yeah. Oh, man. What a great speech. You think about the speech he made. And yet you think about wooden al Gore. And what a exactly what was. And then you think about the bush, myster, who's just Abu Ghar, Ram, as illiterate and the idiotic and the dufis. And you wonder, what are these having to public think that they're going to have in a public think about what do they think of using humor? Oh, I see. Well, they must be. It's pretty funny stuff. I'm speaking of funny stuff. I bet to reach a Heinz carry man. If she ever got her hair done, she'd be dangerous. The tongue, she said she still got that shaggy dog look. Anyway, on the eve of the Democratic National Convention, the wife of Senator John Kerytoda journalist, the shove it is what she said. Right. Nice going. You go, girl. To reach at 57, Maradie Heinz carry accused the editorial page editor of the Pittsburgh Tribune Review of misquoting her although she had in fact either works either not using the carry campaign of the Democrats who said the paper is biased against the carry campaign of Democratic Party. And the reason for that being that that newspaper is owned by Richard Melon's Schaith, who was pulling the strings on this drug, of course, and who's donated millions to conservative causes. They re-awrting fanatic, lackal, lunatic, maniac. Spanatic extremist, all of these things is what I'm saying. Right. So she had good reason to do it. And she's got so much his eyes. I like her. He would have had too. She's spunky. She is spunky as she opens up a mouth and she don't take any crap. That's exactly what we need. Kind of like Eva Brown is what she reminds me. I respect reporters and I respect anyone that does it job well. That anyone that does it job well. We got to let go in here or what? That was great. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey yeah. Yeah. The rumor that I should be able to go down down and if you can go up with Ricky Williams's Zach. Easy. That's where we're here and all way up here. Yeah. Keep your eye out for that attack. First we had the Iraq attack. Now it's going to be the Shack attack. All right. And this morning, George was having a big Mac attack, but instead of how he's running the food, thanks, Halley. We appreciate a lot. See you at a George. George, George this Saturday, two to four, and Reeve Motorsports segue located at a block north of San Torot on Dixie Highway. Where's that? The Dick. Now how come they counted they call it the Dixie Highway but in Browditch's Dixie? I don't know. Well, fine. Anyway, to block north of San Torot on Dixie, registered to win free segue human transportation device. Man, those things are hotter than ice cubes. The QMQDs will be there plus food provided by the Atlantic City Subs were Iraq. You need to tell me how it's not there no longer there. Or are I used to make the difference? That's really a shame. What happened to him? He moved on to other things that he would enjoy more. Such as he's the super-insundant of apartment complex or something like that. Okay, who are house or something like that? Something like that? Well, nice going. You would go, I ran there. Good guy. Now don't tell me that Scott's back in Bob there Atlantic City. So good. Because we loved Iran. Scott was just a real pain in the ass but looking full. How is it? How is it? Scott, go away. And that only doesn't just what an exploiter he was. Remember that? This is the whole thing. It leaves me to limp. These are people that until I embarrassed him. It would never spend a dime on his radio station. And we know my Pentagon people are bringing free food. Little tits for ten if I can see that. Oh, I'm sorry, little tits for ten. But, you know, to be bringing in special announcements over you and answer our party pack for the Super Bowl. Man, every time I would see Scott when he'd come in here sucking around, I would think, wait, does he have a lot of kits for? And he did. Twelve minutes after ten to five, sixty WQM and a sensational Tuesday. Man, it's a great day because Ricky's repairing, he's hanging up. Right on the heels of all of you for it. It goes to show you. It's not for the kids to break. Another to show you? Yeah, but he's all with definitely a friend. You're excited about, yeah, we might have something. I have no life, a little bit of something we can cling onto. All the clingons in town. And then all of a sudden Ricky just turns his tail. If I can say that, back to him. Paul's ass. He's going off to Thailand is what the George was seeing this morning for some titsick. Is that what you heard or is just making it up? I just made that up. Oh, I heard he's going to Australia. Ten thirteen at five, sixty WQM is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs. Let away this outsourcing help you. When it comes to the people side of your business, pay real administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefit human resource services and risk management. These are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can come and help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation in one, eight six six at Oasis. That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven. With more than fifty thousand employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing that understands many facets human resource management. Oasis in the recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business while you leave the operational details two Oasis outsourcing. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable. If you're not being a free evaluation, there is positively no obligation. Call their toll free number. They'll explain it to you. Call one eight six six at Oasis. That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven four Oasis outsourcing. And I'm a local. This is for sure you'll find six six six six eight ten way. You're good. But you're good. What? John Kerry and John Edwards, those who take the legal things, if Edwards wasn't married, Kerry would give them a ring. We'll start in the talk for each other. They got a thing always the touch that she really doing there. Can't blame Swing. Miles, let me buy baby. I put my book on the shelf because we should pass it. Guys can't keep their hands for themselves. Well, I'm a baby. And I'm a spinole. I'm a spinole. Well, I'm a baby. And I'm a spinole. Well, I'm a baby. And I'm a spinole. And I'm a spinole. And I'm a spinole. And I'm a spinole. Just a little guy. I sure hope they don't. Don't be jealous. Hey, y'all. And I'm a rippy. You're too just don't go that way. Miles, let me buy baby. I put my book on the shelf. Don't get stuck in the bed. Guys can't keep their hands to themselves. Hey, you did buy a 50, W. You're happy too. They too. Anyway, I apologize to Eric. I apologize. I just, uh, fast in the new pool. I changed the pool. I just got inspiration. Okay. Miles, well, uh, you know, it's like your squeezing blood out of a rock. Who might as well squeeze it for all its worth. Right? Or till its dry. That's right. So here's today's pool. The other one will do one Thursday. I keep postponing it. We did the actor one last two. They will do it on Thursday. Now, a short short on Thursday because of the Marling game. Oh, right. What a shame. Anyway, here's today's pool question. Why do you think Ricky Williams is retiring? And we got an excellent first choice. The audience come up with a choices. He's off to Australia with his average and he friend. That's our first choice. I hope I spelled out originally. Right. If not, I'm sure Eric and Han look. Sorry again, Eric, because I apologize. You know, we got it like a capitalizing. Go back. No. Didn't you tell me that one of the TV stations used to unauthorize and clip from the audience today? Yeah. That he channels were. With authorization or credit. I don't know. Which one was it? We don't know. Local, local TV stations used to clip from the mirrored or show yesterday. And didn't give any credit or mentioning about us. Screw you guys, okay. See you. That's a raspberry. Do I hate that? The real reason that Ricky Williams is retiring is... WQAM Hello. That must be it. WQAM Hello. I'm sorry. That's a bad destination. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, I know. I'm good. I love your show Neil. Really great to hear. Thank you. It is. I just wanted to make some little bit of... I know it's been early to make some orthopalty. But I'm breaking it in the end because it's a little bit early for me to call the big zero. I mean, big old. Oh, you know. You don't look at first. I know you. Rock solid. Rock solid. You don't look at first, ma'am. Rock solid. And there is so many out there. And she doesn't have good. You can't say that she doesn't have any moves. That's terrible. Okay. Fair and Heights has record for documentaries. Michael Moore's documentaries the first ever to top $100 million. Oh, right. Michael Moore joined the $100 million club as his political assault. Fair and Heights 911 became the first documentary ever to top that market domestic boss or a fist of film had a weekend haul of $5 million. Collected total 103 or a third million since opening in late June. The American people have not been given a whole story about these last three years. They don't feel any given the truth from the White House more city yesterday. So they've gone to the movie theaters. Look for the truth and begin important discussion in the amazing state place in this country. The previous best domestic gross for a feature like documentary was. Guess what that was. I'm taking boiling for column. Oh, a Paul Tree 21.6 million. That film took nine months to do that. While Fahrenheit did more business 23.9 million just in the first weekend. I feel like that. A lot. The polarizing effects of 911 and aftermath with Americans bitterly defied it over bushes and basing Iraq have boosted the public sabotage for political documentary such as Fahrenheit 911. Control room and outfaxed. More said. Well, that's good. Nice going. You go Mike. Let's go see it again 20 30 times. What do you say? Yeah, I want to see Michael more. About 30 man. Right. Okay. Let's get this Ricky Williams fool going now. Are you people that are all bent out of shape about it? Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless land. Why do you think Ricky Williams is retiring? WQA and hello. Hey. Hey. Pretty good. I got a reason for Ricky. Yes. Because some day wants that random for one million times last season. Because the coaches of Bozo. Coach is a Bozo. Okay. I like that one. Thank you. Thanks, pal. How the coaches of Bozo is afraid out about that? Absolutely. Even lower grease. He calls the games. I like that one. I wonder what most think about Ricky Williams. Because I don't get a chance to get up there to really listen to Moe and the guilty. Sorry for saying yes that he was laughing. He was laughing about it. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. That's just a spary port. Oh no. This is no laughing matter. The voice of the dolphins was laughing about it. Holy. Toledo is here for you. Or would say if he was still here with you. That is discred. That's disrespectful. Is the mad dog would say. Oh, there's a resource for the reports. Yes. I got up close and personal with his head. And I touched it. My head and touch it. I touched it. You got up close and personal alone. You touched it. Yeah. I'm not saying. And he says that he will be happy to pose for a picture for the website but only with you and him together. Toledo, Toledo. Toledo. Tick to cheek. Huh. Well, we'll see. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. Yes sir. I'm sure I'm just tuning in. You're actually a touch out of the UC bottle outside. Yes. Well, I don't you dismiss the hell out of that guy. That's what I just got to your stance. You're talking about. I'm talking about. You should. Yeah. I was saying. I got the boys. I just got some fuel. But you just. You know, just exudes a certain level of confidence. You just can't, you know, help. But wish the guy. You know, we're still in there. He's got something that carry. I don't have that Gordon. I haven't had the bushers held now. That's called a personality. Yeah. That's right. I know it's prepared. They mentioned that they got those special monitors or whatever. Yeah. He was in great speed. He was in great speed. He was in great speed. It was a great job. Yeah. Around. You know, but they did a great job. I was pumped up, man. It was great. I already touched on there. I thought that. No problem. I'm doing it. I'm putting it all we like. Until John S. Prof. Fines. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'll let you. We'll give a second one. What do the guy say? Because the coaches are BOSO. Right. Okay. You got that. W to Q and hello. Yeah. I know why he wants to retire. Yes. Because he wants to smoke through George in the morning. Yeah. He wants to go in the afternoon. Yeah. And then smoke to his door. Again. Yeah. Okay. Oh. I'm coming up here to Toronto. Is what I'm here. And that's the rumor. Well, we can talk to really good craft. Nobody cares about it. Nobody pays no attention. I was just reading that thing online before the show about how he said that. The NFL players, they cheap the. Pete. Yes. Yeah. By drinking some magic potions. Some. I think he's been drinking too many magic potions himself. And quite a strange bird. A bigger part of his cookie. And quite a lot of what I know what the potion is. Yeah. Dirty. We're like to find that out before his next pizza. Please. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's Ricky. Ricky and. Shack and Ricky. Picky. See. Mo. I mean, I'll be talking about Ricky. Ricky this is written during the games. It's all you hear him. The screaming. Ricky this. I guess he's still a just fan. Where do you want to come right down to it? W2M. Hello. There. Okay. Got one for the poll. Yes sir. One word. Shack. You know something this guy may have a point. I think I'll. I think you people chase Ricky Williams out of South Florida. This guy think he's got his thumb right on it. Shack is one word. Choice there. Because the public went so overboard. I mean, here Rick Williams has been the sports hero. He's been a man. Vizhar as he is or kind of well, whatever he was. He was he was the hero right. Right. And all of a sudden along comes this guy with a big big head. And it's like Ricky Williams good even exist. Forget about the dolphins. Forget about anything else in town. It's all. All the time. That's right. And I put that. And I put these promos. Do by the way. It's a little on a hand here. Look for the QM fan. It's a little bit of clock this morning. The L. Gastation. Check out the QM fan. Whatever given away. Don't get the gas at the shell gas station on the quarter 27th Avenue. When US one and coconut grow stuff. I'd pick up a pair of tickets to the Marlins Philly's game tomorrow at Pro Player Stadium right down the street from prestigious QAM and Chuck Sussup Center and the of Barbara Schuoper George Biza's craft. Or ought to be anyway. Got to check that out over there. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I might not have the third layer of my work. Nice. Well, that convenience store where stuff is like 25 years old. They sell my hands. They can meet patties. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think that's the cashier's name is Patty. Oh, I sold the cash. Ten. At 560 WQM when you're moving around innovating. That's the best time to make that easy call 1 800 mattress. Make that first night in dream home. Heavenly with a brand new top buddhist brand name mattress. From dialometrist, you pick the date and time for delivery to fit your move in schedule schedule and dial matrices on time 99.7% of the time nobody anywhere gives you a better deal and that nobody's better to be able to sort the quaint and king size matrices too when you for immediate delivery than dial a mattress. When you call that number 1-800 mattress right now you'll get a great mattress in a discount price. Now the mattress there right number 1 in customer satisfaction there were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau local threats of excellence award when you call 1-800 mattress you'll choose in the complete line of the top names in the universe they got them all silly sort of king girl Simmons temper pe凍 even stirrens and fast to hue it everybody with a brain is calling 1-800 what is it 1-800 mattress you ought to be doing the same log out of their website for more info at mattress.com or just make that one easy call and they'll be there knocking on your door when you want anytime it's convenient for you here to yourself a great night's sleep for years to come with at one call to 1-800-MATTRES the my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my wait I'm not a Collins todos- IK Oh, I know at work I'm always a high Target gloveダ. Oh I know truth I have no motive I'm just fucked up I I'm not leaving I I have no line I have no line I have no line I have no line I have no line That's fine I hope you do it Say me boy I hope you do it I hope you do it I hope you do it Maybe I do it Maybe I do it But it makes me feel alright I hope you do it And I'm happy I hope you do it And do it I'm done Okay Like I hope you do as long as I know Whatever I do I'm done Can I do it Casor how you do Yeah Do it Ah, do it I'm done And do it You do it I hope you do it And do it Wikipedia I'm done I'm done I have highway, China! Have you ever been here 5! I'm a giant because he's really the one. Yeah, but maybe there's a slight outside chance that he might change his mind. What do you think? No. But anyway, I have taught a giant. I think it's all these people are going to see these terrible things. For example, Todd says Ricky is retiring because he's tired of getting slapped on the ass by beast smelly sweaty men. Now from the comments I've been getting passed along to me. I would think quite the opposite. But in any way, I don't think so. He's retiring because he's getting tired of slapped on the ass by beast smelly sweaty man. I want you to put that out anyway you want. Okay. If you go ahead. Also Ricky's retiring so it can smoke weed without NFL checkups. I think there might be some related to that mind. He's a big weed mind and although he did see the thing that I understand is he cut the hair. He got the haircut. That was the line to us yesterday. And what was the explanation they used your hair for drug testing? I see. Yeah, it didn't occur to me. There's somebody called it. So weed is what's a little wacky weed is what's keeping one of the premier runners in the national football league and the Miami dolphin franchise from maximizing their success this season. Good. Veteran actor arrested in shooting death. Oh no. And we don't have any celebrity deaths today but we have this story. It's deadly. A veteran character actor who appeared in such films as death of a gunfire and gunfire and an ablead was arrested for investigation murder over the weekend. When this is told police he walked in when they were in bar. This is in Simee Valley, California and shot two papers telling one of them. Robert Surrells for a 74 was arrested about three blocks from the bar shortly after Saturday shooting. He was booked for investigation of murder and attempt in murder and how to even cure County jail. They declined to see what the 30s knew of a motive of said Surrells and visited the bar before. Maybe he was a little sore at these guys for whatever reason. The bartender told the daily news of LA that Surrells had been at the bar until a close Friday night we turned Saturday morning looking for his credit card and then returned again in the afternoon open fire. There's somebody stole us credit cards. That would uh huh. Okay. That would have been a good reason. That probably get him off the hook. I was thinking the floor to shoot somebody over a parking spot. So somebody grabs your credit card. Police said he shot Arthur D. Long 45 in the back and Edward Sanchez 40 in the face and back. The long was killed. Sanchez 40 was hospitalized in Surrell's condition. Surrell's acted number of films TV shows and occurred dating back to the 50s. He appeared often on such popular TV Westerns as gunsmiths. Wah. I've been anxious. As well as on the wall. No. Come, fool. And the fall got. His more recent film credits include nowhere to run. Blacks and bound for glory. We like that. Let's see. We're going to have a look at what the main reason on there so far is our pull. He just wants this smoke weed 26. We just put that on there and already on the first 52 votes they got half. He just wants to smoke a little wacky weed. Oh, what's wrong with that? You should refresh. Why? Because it's like jumping in. Can you get me in? Yeah. What we finally got to real answer there. This is it. The vicious red gift. Never want to do this. The vicious red gift. Never want to do this. Never want to do this. The 50s and the most 29 say he just wants to smoke some weed. He's off to Australia with his average in the friend 10. Black nine is p-o to about check and all your all your reflections and attention. Because the coaches are Bozo eight and he's trying to get him slept on the S by big sweaty men. None so far. The big. Oh, of course, is rock solid. If I six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and for Ryan's and worldless line. Oh, this is guilty. He wants to open a gay karaoke club in Tokyo. What do you think? Let's get that on right away. What do we call that? Gary Oki. A. Scary Oki. Let's say Derek and four Latter Nails says at 425 the Sanctanone, Jen Stark will be addressing the Democratic National Convention. It should be on C span one. Well, I don't get C span one two or three here, but you might want to get him to take a peek at my good friend. I don't want to. I don't want it. You don't want one. C span. My eye. I don't know who that's. He's running for Congress against that right way in Luminatik. Oh, like I said. What's his name? Rower County. Play Shaw. Jim Stewart. Good. Good man. Trust me. Two. That's not trust me. A few of the next round's protests, Bush's recent restrictions. This is in great news. Oh, I better wait on this because I got two fiddle stories back to back side by each. Also, the group all out there, the chronic fact that it was bugging us especially you last week with a six paid story about how many times. Not turning man. Air marshals say passenger overreacted. I'll talk about that for a second or two about that wacky bitch who made a big something out there. Much of Syrian musicians okay and they had to go to the team once they're well. What's a big deal with that? And she's like hyper ventilating and getting everybody a share of it. Let me say it again about what you read on the internet. Lessons on theorragies.com and it's always the MS. But whatever else you read on here, I think about 90% of it in throw it in the Schmidt can is what I would do. That's my best advice. Especially if it's on the Fudge Report and I'll say it also again. You didn't waste any time getting that picture of carry in the space suit on your website yesterday and try it. Oh yeah, it's another Michael DuPoc is picked you to talk to us in the tank, remember that did the out of picture? Yeah. The difference is of course being the carries a war hero and he'd rest up anyway. He wants even like Herman Luster, which you don't have to do too much makeup on that. See, they were asking, they had Gib Heart on last night, I'm along with everybody else. And how come carry didn't pick him to be? Can you imagine a more wooden tandem than John carry in, Dick Gib Heart? I mean between the two of them, you have to have like a check for a pulse. Like as part of this, we've gone everywhere, John here. Here's a guy that's young and hung and full of fun and just grab some women vats, right? What he was alive? They kind of like offset the low key aspect of carry. 19 to 11 at 5, 60 WKW and when you shop for quality food where don't take your feet in a place beside Brandy's and Pompatobees. When you go to the first time, you'll understand why they've been around for so long, while Zidin's of other two stores have come and gone down to pike. At Brandy's shoes were found the biggest selection of men's and women's shoes anywhere, they gave it a best service and of course the best prices in town all the time and special sales every week to save even more cash. At Brandy's they got the top names and a shoe business to all the ones you know what of like rock ports, floor shine, SAS, Spurry, Timberland naturalizer that I mentioned new balance and lots more. And with Brandy's gigantic selection chances are, you'll almost never hear a sorry we don't have that in your size. They got it, whatever you want, it's in your size ready to slap on your feet. Brandy's is open daily Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9 Sunday's spend to 5 and you'll find him at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompino Beach. Don't forget all this weekend, Brandy's are continuing that red tag sales event. Take 50% off on selected pair of men's and women's famous brand shoes, so come into Brandy's for sure this week or visit them on the web at Brandy's shoes.com. Now another page from the audio book version of Bill Clinton's autobiography My Life. Last night was quite possibly the worst night of my life. After a day filled with meetings and phone calls with world leaders, I retired to the residents to seek solace. I flipped on the tube to catch some of my favorite show of American Gladiators. Wow, man that blaze gets my blood pumping. Anyway, just as blaze was swinging across the monkey ropes, the bedroom door flung open. It was as if the doors of hell themselves had opened. Standing there before me the most gruesome side I had ever behelded. Beholded. The editor-in-all, check me on that. If I had a melum ball or handy, I would have removed my own papers. There was Hillary. Make it as a Super Bowl striker without the advertisement on her chest. See one of the command there in beef. That's a pet name from a dinghy. It had been over a decade since we had done the filthy hump and bump. She came at me, flips perched, eyes glazed. She had obvious legions rinking. Happily. I began to think of interns naked and searched for my secret stash of agra. There was no escape. Page. She jumped on the bed and it was as if my world came crashing down. When in reality it was the bed. She broke it. The 100-year-old bed that had belonged to Teddy Roosevelt, gone in one thunderingly football but the sound of crumbling oak did not slow her pursuit. It was as if I was being attacked by a sauce watch. Hillary had long ago forgotten any personal drilling. Page. Two and a half minutes later, mercifully it was over. As I watched, her droopy bottom sway towards the bathroom. I vomited. I had to. I knew I wasn't a lacing lover. How I had forgotten this how horrible it was to make love with someone you are married to. I like the strange. Two and again next time for another page from the audio book version of Bill Clinton's autobiography My Life. 1048 at 560 they were great last night of the Democratic convention in Boston. I almost think about it. Hillary was good and bubble with sensational and George missed it because he was busy getting drunk. Yes I was. Anyway, why do you think Ricky Williams is really retiring? He answered 124 votes. He just wants to smoke weed 70. Wow. See that whole thing about the professional sports and little bit of weed. That's a bunch of crap. I don't care what anybody says. It's not a debatable point. Is it? No, it's stupid. It's just idiotic. What is it? I have to do with their performance. Anything? No. In fact, I think if they want to smoke a little dug out during a stressful game, what's the problem with that? If I was the other team I'd encourage them to do so. There you go. Check 15. That's right. Have you people out there that have been stuck it up to you. You made Ricky feel bad. Okay. The play that is you go. Because the coaches are both over 15. He's off to us ready with his average and he friend 14. He wants to open a Gary Cario Key bar and Tokyo 7. And he's tear to get any slapped on the. Oh, right. On the. He's doing it blind. He's getting scared. He's getting slapped on the ass by Big Swity Men 3. Now here's a couple of facts. Jim says perhaps Ricky is retiring the spend some time updating his website. Ricky Williams dot com is very embarrassing. We ought to date it does say that he is about 27 though. So he will be back. It also quotes Ricky is saying I just first want to say how happy it ought to be here today. It's like a dream come true to come to this kind of situation where I have a chance to join already good team make try to make them better. Okay. We'll get that straight now. As soon as you like, you know, come out of your stupid Ricky. Get that all updated and say goodbye. Here's what it says. Now we don't have to hear mo call Ricky the dreadlock demon. I don't think you would have heard that anyway since you got his haircut, right? Right. Who lower Ricky? Both. Also now we won't have to listen to an. A daddle of basketball host at pathetic show is Ricky. Why is daddle of basketball over ESPN? He sucks. I think maybe you just answered your own question. And why can't you actually that often do running back? There you go. If you're going to pay him that kind of money. He's right there running back. I'm going to go back to the center. Guard. Right. Left end. Right. It says also the big on suicide watch and his. Moism is a major. Well, we hope. Thank you. Let's see. Here's the facts that says a lot of facts is over today. They're all whipped up to a frenzy. Are we don't know why? Here's one says I know the people are talking about the timing of Fahrenheit 9. 11 releases. He's being too close to the election time. Or in some cases Democrats have said it was released to early. That it will have faded from voters' memory by November. I think it's going to work out perfectly. Says Mike. With a general lag time. In fact, Mike had his last name on here and taught better of it. And why didn't he doubt didn't he? I don't use last names. Anyway, I think it's going to work out fine. He says, with the general lag time, it takes a little bit of hit to rental slash sales shelves. It seems it'll be available right around October. You know what? Mike, you are. Absolutely correct. Some of the shocked value will have worn off. It'll be much more accessible to people. You can't afford to go to the movies or just don't go. You're out of the out of the movies. Vote is very important. I say, stop, strap. Any Republican, you know in front of the DVD, like in a clockwork or in Zetswright, toothpicks in the eyelids to keep them open. I say, I better I leave this strap in a living there. So November to November 3rd. You turn or just grab a living there permanently. It would be a good idea that we can be safe. Hundreds of Cuban exiles protested Saturday against restrictions on sending money or taking trips to Cuba, which were approved by the government of President Bush and they renewed effort to bring down the regime of Fidel Castro. With vendors reading no to the measures against Cuba and out with Bush, hundreds of Cubans marched in protest against the restrictions of the offices of Florida's Cuban Borneus representative, link in the Asbollah who favors them of course because these are right-wing suck-hole. That's why Saturday's March was a first in a series to be staged by the Cuban American Commission for Family Rights from now until the President's elections in November. A series of, according to Sylvia Wilhelm, executive director of the organization. What kind of a Cuban name is that? Sylvia Wilhelm. Yeah. Did you see what I'm waiting to do? The drinker member that Otto, what's his name? Otto Wright. Oh yeah, that's right. The third. We can look at the angle and let's say the new measures could affect the port for Bush and Florida State in 2000 headed in the White House allegedly by just 537 votes over Al Gore-Iadiatiati. Not all agreed with the protesters. The anti-Cast organization, the Hila Mambisa. What does that mean? I don't know. How they counter protest Saturday in the Cuban restaurant in the little of and a district to support Bush and his measures. How many people do you think showed up for that? About 30 men. Whatever. And speaking of the bill, Cuban leader Fidel Castro has questioned US President George W. Bush's mental fitness and rejected as lies and slander as recent charges by the America that Cuba encourages sex tourism. And resume the nation on the anniversary of his initial guerrilla uprising 51 years of, you know, probably was in the guerrilla uprising? Don't say it. Fuck. Oh geez. Castro portrayed Bush's adagentuous religious fundamentalist bed on destroying Cuban socialism. The accused Bush of exhibiting strange behavior and velocity. I hate to say it, Patelle, but you are an absolute victim. Wow, it's a pretty sad day in America when we have to start to be agreeing with a bearded devil. Yeah, that's an easy observation. Let's hope in Cuba's case, God does not instruct Mr. Bush to attack our country Castro said yesterday. He'd better check on a divine belligerent order by consulting the Pope. In a speech in Tampa, July 16, Bush had accused Castro welcoming sex tourism as he courted Cuban American voters in Florida, a pivotal state November's election have been a strong redized tolerating sex tourism. Castro said the accusation he ramed had justifying steps by the Bush administration. Last month, the rest of his races and caged rompetences from Cubans in the US. Mr. Bush's lies and sliders in those of his closest advisors were fabricated and hurried to justify the savage measures taken against Cuban born people living in the US who have close family ties in Cuba, Castro said. He quoted extensively from a recent book, Bush on the couch inside the mind of the president by Dr. Justin Frank, a Washington-Sekko-Analist and Democrat. The book labels Bush as a dried drunk, whose abstinence and strict Christian beliefs make him a rigid leader with paranoid tendencies in a simplistic worldview. And again, he is a very direct sex. Castro also quoted from other recent books, critical abortion, including Michael Moore's stupid white men and against all enemies by former counterterrorism official Richard Clark. The references helped to explain the strange behavior and bellicosts in the US president Castro said, Castro will be 70 and August 13. Here's the bad news. The book cheerful in his trademark Olive Grimotter if it's a tease as he handed out awards for Revolutionary Excellence before his speech at a university theater in Santa Clara, 176 miles east of Havana. There he goes. He's pissed off and fired up about the Bush mice and written this particular case. Absolutely good to good choice. Line 9, WQAim Hello. QAim sounds dead to me. Sure does. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. I got a paper for first. First, right there. Yes sir. Some of the bull bars each found about a half a mile west of 95 by 20 about the radar guns. Next to the town. And WQAim was going to play for this often this year but then he got ice. And then he got ice. I told you that we're going to be great. I knew it. I had a feeling. I kind of liked that feeling just before he hit the bull and pupy guts off. Don't forget, look for the QMV and just a couple minutes to love it. I'd like this morning to the show. Gas station quarter 27 and you went to one and coke out of the globe. Stop by to pick up a pair. So I guess you get there soon. But he doesn't say you got to spin the dealer. Do anything stand on your head or like jiggle your pants or anything. I think I'd do it just stuff. And if you get there before they're all gone, continue to appear. Take it to the Marlins full of game tomorrow at PPPART. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. WQAim Hello. WQAim S smoke bacon, crispy bacon, life giving juicy, nearly raw bacon of all sorts. Oh my, Peppy, Carlos said it's a bacon tree, we're saved. Your right said, Peppy. So Peppy goes on ahead and runs up to the tree, salivating at the prospect of food. But as it gets to within five feet of the tree, there's the sound of machine gunfire, and he has shut down in a hell of bullets. Carlos quickly drops down on the sand and calls across to his dying friend, Peppy. Peppy, what on earth happened? With his dying breath, Peppy calls up, run. It's not a bacon tree, it's a hand-bush. Paul Harvey. Good thing. 11. Oh, two at five, 60 WQA, man, it was, uh, head of the moment. Yeah. 1096 votes on a pool. Ricky head of the moment, now he's gone, okay? He just wants to smoke a little kind, man. That's all he wants. 111 votes. Why do you think he's really quitting? He just wants to smoke weed. The wacky weed. Because the coaches of both of the 27, because you people are all obsessed with, he's pissed off and fired up about that and I wouldn't blame him. He wants to open a gay karaoke bar in Tokyo, 18. He's off to us straight away with his average in the friend of 15, and he's paired against Slapdown, a ass. That's him. Five big sweaty men. Poor Ricky. Let's see him no more. Anyway, Michael Moore invites Bush to hometown screening of Fahrenheit 911. I like this. Phil Maker, Michael Moore has bring in his locked bus through documentary to President Bush's hometown adopted hometown of Crawford, Texas, and wants to film start of a 10. More promised, the Crawford peace house, a copy of his film Fahrenheit 911, it appeared that no movie theater in the presence home county would show the anti-Bush documentary. The Hollywood jewel in Waco picked up the movie last week, but more later offered to come two Crawford to introduce his movie and discuss it afterward, organizers expect about a thousand people to attend the show on a clock tomorrow night. Paul McDaniel is spokesman for Waco and I wonder if he's going to gene with Daniel. Hope? Much of remember a hundred pounds of clay? Oh yeah. And power of strength in McDaniel. Here's good. Paul McDaniel spokesman for Waco friends of peace of partner in the peace house had the Crawford groups telephone with jam with calls from journalists including representatives of the White House press corps not covering the presence vacation at his ranch. They're bored having to be here in the middle of Texas in July with nothing to do with Daniel, for the Waco, to be in here all in today's editions. They're saying let's go over and see the movie. More on his website invited Bush to attend, saying he wanted to answer the thank him personally for starring in the film, and let's face it, you've got some of the funniest lines in the film he wrote. White House representative surprisingly did not return to call early day from the A&P. The peace house received a permit Monday from the city of Crawford to show the movie at a football stadium parking lot near Tanko Waffles Park. Maybe we all would get like, get together and go to Crawford. What are you saying? Rick somebody says, Ricky is getting tired of slapped on the ash and be on a pole of a hill Mr. Most. Here's one for the pole. Rick Williams wants to marry Joey Reynolds in a homosexual marriage in Massachusetts. Oh, geez. I don't understand this. And in closing, you two with that Curtis Sleewood crap, other vigilantes we don't need. What does that mean? I don't know. I was hoping you could explain it today. It's on our website. He's gone to hiding. I don't, this is make any sense, Rick, but all I can say is, I have no right. I have no right. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Hello, everybody QA and hello. Not there. QA and hello. The meal. Yes sir. This Rick and William thing is it going to be like a Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Jimmy all through the football season. Absolutely. Oh my god, Neil. Neil, what's more exciting? I mean, that's why we have so much excitement here that we're taking a Liana away. We're taking Liana away. I think Eddie, I'll let's say. Oh, Ali on. I don't know. It's one of your people. So I guess you could probably communicate better. I thought he said Leon. I think Leon was in dog day afternoon. I just saw that again over the weekend. Had to be on and I couldn't turn it off. I watched it again. When that is named Leon, that was one of their days. No, that was his wife's name, Leon. The wife to one decision job. For instance, opposed to the big fat obnoxious wife, obviously made it neurotic. Why is it that women make men so neurotic? I've lost 10 and a half pounds by the way. It's my guy. It's true. At the risk of sounding insensitive, and she wouldn't hear any way she's dead. Huh? I've lost 10 and a half pounds. I've lost the sugar craving. All these years have been searching for the answer. What is it? My brain. It causes me. And it's all this business about trip to fan. And the, that's all about a bull crap. Okay? We had neuroses that we don't even realize until they are finally removed. And then all of us, and we say, holy crap. This is great. It's just gone. I don't have any desire for sugar. Ice cream, candy, cake, any less stuff. None. Zero. Is it what he do to? I've lost 10 and a half pounds and three weeks. How about some brownies? No thanks. No more brownie, how did this family? So I guess mention that in passing about women who are just, because his wife, if you remember hearing her, being part of the movie, right? We got obnoxious, nearchs stereotypical, aguito, obit, I mean, just disgusting. What is it also about New York that makes so many people like that? Do you know what I mean? Yeah, I do, but I don't know what it is. Is it because there are so many people in such a relatively small area, and there just have to be in order to survive, rude, and pushy, and loud. What is that? I mean, there are a lot of New Yorkers who are very fine people. I mean, of course, they don't want to listen to the show. But other than that, but what is it about that whole thing? That would have been a lot of fun. In addition, in the movie, I used to think that he was out there waving, he did kind of like a couple of times. But the Hanky, when he was an addict, I was pretty good. And then of course, once Leon showed up, the crowd kind of turned on him. Remember that he was frisking the guys out in front of the make sure they didn't have a piece, including the pizza delivery guy? I'm dying on the hand. Yeah. That was good stuff. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom 5, 60, on he. How's Fred O'Donnell? And John Cazalee still dead? He's always getting shot. Yeah. For none of how Mary's Fred O'Donnell told you. How many crew in? Hello. How do you do? How you doing? Great. Hey, listen. I still got an afternoon off tonight, and his speech and I thought it was very good. That was a good comment on it. I already made my comments. I was sensationally. He needs to be in there again in the least for more years. Oh, yeah. You know, the shame. I just liked the way he articulated the fact that Terry was a captain in a pit. And he made his got to through the river thing, pying whatever. And that's what this country needs, the leader of that nature. So I know that the polls aren't going to show much of a bounce. But I mean, you brought it down. Paul's a short bounce. He'll see it. Yeah. I know that you know, you see how the Republicans are going to say that we're going to get a 50, 20, 20 bounce. But in actuality, probably a single point bounce at 2.0. Five, six, five or six marked my words, man. They're on it. Okay. That's your life on it. I have no life. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. That sounded a little bit like Woody to me. Town five, sixty on a eight. Didn't it? Yeah. 18, 18 horizon wireless line. Don't forget join. Jorge, this Saturday, two to four. I'd rev a motorsports segue. Located at Black North and Sanford Road on Dixie Highway. We're just to win a free segue human transportation device. You probably be the only one in your hood to have one. You've made me the whole county. The QMQD is going to be their first food provided by a landing city sub tour Reefs to love our lot. We still lack them a lot. Whatever he's doing. Line nine. WQM hello. Just now. Yes, sir. I think the real reason I could retire is to be prefers a smart sweaty man like damn late at the time to the bigger. Ha ha ha. I think that's the, was that the Robert Greeper guy or what? Oh, I wasn't. Huh? He hasn't called it a long time. What do you mean? What do you mean a long time? I mean since last year's day? Right. That's a long time. Robert Greeper and that caller and Ricky, I don't know what that is. That's a good club. You more I see. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. So a Ricky can't pass the drug tests. And that seems to be generally the SMS to why he just he just fed up. He's got millions of dollars now, right? Yeah. Plus with his notoriety like do all kinds of spots. He can do basically whatever it really wants. So what does he need it for? Where's he need the Greeper sped? And I'll say there's definitely got to be a little bit factor in there too. As opposed to Max Factor, there's the factor. As opposed to the O'Reilly factor, the factor. Not to be confused with Rich. Factor. WQAM, hello. Hey, I'm from Neil. Yes sir. I like to perform a few big service if I might. I know. I know you were talking about it earlier in the day, but if somebody looks on Section D in the Miami house. Yeah. If a lift is all the marijuana blocking substance that you can take, including shampoo, appointment, drinks, it's kind of funny. They got a whole list where to get them. Excellent. Section D in the Harlow Law, you pot heads off. They're going to have to do your drug tests, sometimes soon. Yeah, usually they don't buy it, but for some reason it caught my eye. You must have been your psychic powers kicking in. Can I ask you a goddess question? Yes. I love the goddess. I follow her all the time. Yeah. And you get different pieces of the divorce. Now the other day she starts something after she goes gym with Jay. Now who better ask, ask when you true, not true? That was always my impression. She actually said that on the year. Where did God not make a move up? Hi. It was time to decide. I was excited. You know, like he doesn't tell you the whole story, but in the middle of the conversation, all the arguing. Yeah. I guess it was debatable. Kind of like you would live or watch you, was there a lot of debate about it. And I heard that chocolate gay too. And it's true. Oh no. Oh, it's either whole world is gay. I know why you're headpally. I have a great day. Get a gay. Hey. Gay. You hear that? Shack is the rumor now. Ricky Williams, shack. Dan Marino. Jay Feelear. That feeling touchy guy, certainly, right? What is it like about it? What's the guy's name, John? Oh, he's a Feelear. He's a Feelear. A Jeelear. I wonder if he's kind of camp, Nilear. Oh, there's another one. Anyway. Twelve minutes after 11 at five, 60 WDQA, I'm hit when you go out to either. You're sick and tired of trying to figure out which menu items are low carbs. So you can stay on your weight loss program. What if I told you there's an affordable fast food, low carb restaurant, that actually cares about your nutrition, offering you an entire menu that's low carb. Cutting carbs can't fit is the name of the place it's a fast food low carb restaurant. They keep us to all the low carb dieters out there. Stop it and try their pounds of a pizza that's low in carbs, but high on taste. They're way out raps, their carbodeas, so be salads. And all kinds of fantastic soups and healthy, healthy, way treats including even. Pack free, soft serve ice cream that's low in carbs. Cutting carbs can't fit. It's located just outside the dog rest mills. And the dog rest mills, small on sunrise, blah blah blah. You can call it a nine five four five one four. O O O O One or check them on the web at cutting carbs. Can't fit.com and see their entire delicious low carb menu. Featuring raps and pizzas in case of ease and salads and soups and snacks. And like I said, even low carb ice cream. Cutting carbs can't fit, where you can dine out, a dine in or take out or dine out and take in. Just outside the dog rest mills, small on sunrise, blah blah blah. And then check them again, although double in�. They never got a zeroaud Open up. And on a 6- expenses for a nine five four five one four. It's the first time. Another time when the crew eats a paratro little bit on raisin, steady the rest of the course It feels good to keep what you want. All regulations whatever you want it is. And theIG sandwich thing which I love, my stew is aлушай飯 which takes for my introduction. And I use the Almy的人 холод jar, or I use it<|cy|>for air, for something else, It's a great question. Have a great one. Hey, step up, buddy. All the time. So a good evening, buddy. Here is the season. Some friends and a free season. What day? From a noble note. Here is the season. Rock solid. 1118 at 5.60. WQAM. How's our kids who work today? We got the mad dog at two. Ah, the Humphrey at 4 at the Hard Rock casino. By the way, nice job there by the Humphrey on the catering day of Higgins going away party last night. He did it was. Would that be telling tales on a school if I told everybody that Hank paid for the food? No, it was a fact. Well, you don't think there's cheap ass outfits going to pay for it, do you? No way. So the Humphrey being an appreciative kind of a guy plus the fact that Dave was Jewish. So Hank's doing 4 to 6 dirty at the Hard Rock casino. I want to speak to that. I got to stir around the thinking on the pallet about the song machines. Marlon's on the X-X-X-3 got the Philly's at P.P. Park. Amazing how the Marlon's just going with soon against the worst team of the division against Montreal, one of the worst teams in history and gets swept over the weekend. Am I right about that? You're right about that. I mean, I actually saw the last half-fitting of that game. Believe it or not. I got the baseball package here and not even paying for it because I don't watch baseball. But I just happen to be a cruising around on my down by 700 channels. I'm a digital cable. And it was baseball. I started on a lot of fun. Marlon's are getting their ass beaten. They lost. Anyway, the affiliate of Marlon's kicked their ass was 11 to 3. I believe last night. That's right. And that's in 705. Eddie K. After the baseball game. Here's the thing. Here's the vehicle. Slot machine proposal gets enough signatures to go on Florida ballot. Oh, that's cool. We'd have some good news today. And I don't care what George says or Josh Cortez who just didn't there to be in a suck-up going along with whatever George says, you know, a George ain't paying him any money. What? What? Yeah, but the other one of the guys who play Slot machines that hold business. If you could see the people that were buying casino that I see three, four times a week when I go out there playing a Slot's man and women and everybody mostly middle aged young people. I would say mostly like 20 to 35. Okay. I didn't play that one. Not gay. They're not gay. They're not gay. In fact, the only people in Toronto are gay are because, you know, but anyway. A proposal, let's start Florida voters decide if they want to allow Slot machines dog tracks in Highlight, Frontons, cross the signature threshold on Friday. Oh, right. Nice going, Dick Fine, we're going to everybody else. That means they proposed constitutional members will go before the voters in November. We can only cross our fingers and legs. These states of pink court is already ruled that the measure is clearly explained in its ballot title and some are in deals with only one subject. The measure's got 512,000 signatures according to the Division of Elections webpage. The threshold was 488,000 some odd. The Slot's amendment is the second citizen initiative to satisfy the requirement to go before voters. Earlier this week, a proposed constitutional amendment to limit lawyers fees in medical malpractice was the first of these signature requirement and, of course, your vote on ed is got to be no chance. No way. On an element lawyer is fees in medical malpractice. Like I said, the answer has to be yes. Right? Yes. If a proof statewide, the Slot's measure would let governing boards in Broward and date counties only and see this is the thing because the answer changes state constitution. We're always on our hands on bended knee as the saying goes, having to suck up to the rest of state. Oh, please, please allow us to do whatever it is we want here. Are you Yahoo's up there? Would let Broward and date county as voters in those counties if they want to allow Slot machines at race traction? How are our front on? Yes. It would also be your marketing test revenue earned by the state to education. Florida voters as we all know, Stan, worth time or rejected gambling measures three times at last quarter century because you got a bunch of Bible thumbpers. You got a bunch of right wing lunatics like Jeff Bush. Like I said, Bible thumbpers. Well, what are corkies, you know what? What a fat ass corkies. Rather of a track owner say that to keep horse and dog racing alive, they need to expand their options to be able to compete with gambling at Indian Casino as non-cruiships and of course they're right about that. They argue the proposed constitutional members really a question of local control and they're right. That's all it is. Measurebackers also argue that they can help boost education spending at a time when a state is led by officials who are adamantly opposed to most tax increases. Gambleing of opponents are you who create more problems than it solves. Greyhound dog lovers also opposed the measure because it says that they say that greyhound racing industry is cool. Friday opponents to the Slot's measure suit and state court in Tallahassee. The challenge in the guidelines given by state local elections officials for petition drives, supporters of Florida's high speed train project earlier filed a similar lawsuit arguing that a campaign to repeal the project wasn't following state law and gathering the signatures. The fundamental argument in both cases that state law requires that petition gatherers include their name and address their repetition, but that's not how the state of the division of elections interpreted law. Hasn't required campaign to take that step yet the other. So there you go. It's going to be on the ballot, far any of the fugal ease at the last second. And the answer has got to be yes. We need to get a human what if it is if there's an international election here. So there's a big turnout. So we got a chance we got a shot. Now Rick Facts is again who says what the Curtis Slee will crack. Me was that I can't believe I would see anything about that freaking nut case on your new Rogers website. I'm disappointed. But you know something our website is to put the news out there to people. And I'm sure this is we have so many people from New York who are in our audience and look at our website. They might kind of be interested where that nut is being threatened and hide not. He's a veteran of my character. Huh? He's an actual hero character. Yeah, we didn't say anything good about him. Which I sure is how wouldn't do anyway. Forget about it. Rick, it'll life. We're to please. I have no life. Michael says more. A lot of facts is a lot of emotion about first it was that. Business last week and now this week is the Ricky Ricky Ricky. Ricky, business. God. Thank God that during otherwise terminal ponders boring the swell freeze summer in South Florida. That's the locals who got some crap to get all whipped up to reference you about. And I think that other guy was right. Let's bring back Ali on. Right. Yeah, for one more happy meal. What do you say? Here's Michael's facts. He says, and this is about 75. It goes on forever. I don't know why Ricky Ricky comes left. Another choice to pull Josh. Yeah. I don't give a crap. Okay. Because the question is why do you think Ricky Ricky comes to return? I don't give a crap. He's going to give a lot of votes. May sir just pour the top. Right under the gun. Michael says, I don't know why Ricky Ricky himself. I don't care why Ricky Ricky comes left. I'm just glad he left. Because anything that pisses up this sport holds and drives them once they've posted the suicide. He's a okay by me. I'm a baseball fan. Our love sports are like it with my team wins. I don't like it with my team loses. But if my team loses, I know the sun's coming up tomorrow. I'm not going to call in sick to work. I'm not going to shoot going to the shield. I sit shiver all day. I'm not going to walk up and down the street. I'm not going to walk up and down the street. Wearing a black armband in mourning. Not a long so by the way. I hate to sport. It holds as a result. I wish nothing but flaming piles for the local teams. So if a Miami team ever wins another game, it will be too soon. See, this Michael can relate to me. Why have such a tough time of a like. And no seriously. Because of the fans turning you off on the teams in South Florida. The fans are ridiculous. He says, Ricky left. Great. I hope Jack returns next week to take over the morning. Sure. He's funny. And has a personality. I'm like no one guilty. Because if Ricky leaving didn't drive legions of dolphins to plummet to the death of the duty to settle causeway, then shack leaving will hopefully. He says, after dolphins, after religious maniac, espag day once that, apising and especially after fans who are so cool as that they honestly believe Marino abandoned the dolphins when he retired after 18 years of non-appreciation and one year of held, booming and betrayal. I hope Ricky comes back to play for New England. And once for 700 of the yards and the gaming gets to the dolphins, that's what I want. I'm moving heavy great day. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I don't know. I think what he's trying to say is, and you can try their products before you buy them. It was what he's trying to say. Of course, he didn't say that because they don't prove for the copy, but just hand your piece of crap. And that's it. The staff at the Delights knows the low carb diet inside and out there open every day until 10. And don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all atkins, carbolate, and purity life products, too. The likes of us, Wilco, will not be on the sold. They're looking at on the North East corner of Glades in 441. Right next to Boston Market, or column toll free, at 1-877 low carbant helmet choice, a buck plug, run away with low carb.com with a W. Don't forget the Alliance of West Bookers, your official Atkins retail centers. And don't find. Here's what she denied this. But you'll be as per me. First half will give you a meantment. Come out from the cloud at you. We'll just see how to solve. And not a guarantee of who's his one. He's having a thing on that sheet. Got little to wear. And some people should wear. I'm dead and young. Deep, which you see out of stone. And not a doubt who he's on. Love it pretty too. At 560WQA in the America, where the Crooks run the country, and the public does lamps it up. Many love it. They like it a lot. At least half the country does anyway. Do that scare you. Very disturbing to me about 50% of people continue supporting this illiterate bunch of thugs and criminals and goofballs and crooks who are only interested in feathering their own nest. And those people that they represent to Haliburton and all of these people. Yeah, but nevertheless, what's the benefit of this? I don't know what to have to do with Ricky. Her Marshall saved passenger overreacted for the guy that was with soap. It was very, very, very much. Last week, a lot of depressed me in the like going into a big song, danced by a fact in that same six pages. Eight million times released. Not turned in man. Undercover federal air marshals on board that June 29th, Northwest Airlines, flight from Detroit, LA, and identified themselves. After a passenger overreacted to a group of Middle Eastern men on board, federal officials and sources told KFI News. The passenger later identified as Annie Jacobson was in danger of panicking other passengers and creating a larger problem on a plane according to a source custody secretive federal protective service. Jacobson himself described freelance writer for the Women's Wall Street Journal, published two stories about a response at the her website, a business advice website designed for women. The lady was overreacting, said the source of flight attendant was told to tell the passenger to calm down that there were air marshals on the plane. The Middle Eastern men were identified by federal agencies as a group of touring musicians, traveling to a concert day to the casino, said air marshals spokesman Dave Adams. Jacobson wrote she became alarm when the men made frequent trips to the laboratory where people would open and close the overhead luggage compartments and appear to be signaling each other. Initially, he was brought to the air marshals attention by a passenger Adam, said, adding the eggs has been watching the men entrusted to stay under cover, Jacobson and her husband had a number of conversations with the flood attendants and gestured toward the men several times the source said, in concert with a flight crew, the decision was made to keep the man under surveillance since no terrorist or criminal action being perpetrated aboard the aircraft. They did not interfere with the flight crew Adam said. The air marshals did check the bathrooms after the Middle Eastern men's by time and said it's smell like curry. FBI, you know, I don't want to sell it like a big... I don't want to be a sportsman either by walking you to the middle of the street. Oh boy, I look dangerous. Anyway, what is that about Middle Eastern people? And I will say this, I confess I was wrong. People out there were right about that whole European thing. I apologize. I don't say I am a role of Europe because I do with fact I am going back again very soon. But what thing is that? The bathing thing? There are a lot of people there and they are free to drop in the soap so they just never touch it. They never get angry. And somebody ought to tell them that they are these amazing new bathy-als. I don't use soap anymore. Soap is past-says soap went out with high button shoes with knickers. It's gone. Although I think that some of those plastic containers can be mighty slippery, you know? It's another good excuse to keep dropping it. But somebody ought to introduce some of these people to a bar of soap. I remember many times asking about body odor and people laughing. I used to think it was like an ethnic thing or based in the kind of food that people ate. I mean, that curry thing. Oh, gee, and all of that other, what oh? You don't want to know. Anyway, Jacob said, the air marshals met the bathroom and said it's sunk like a kid curry. FBI agents met the plane with a light in LA and the men were questioned. LA field office spokesman Kathy Varais said it was significantly alarm on a flight came from a passenger. We had to take all calls seriously, but the passenger was worried not to flight crew or their federal air marshals. You said the complaint did not stem from the flight crew. Several people were questioned nobody was detained. Jacob's since husband Kevin said he approached the man who felt was an air marshal after the flight had landed. You made me nervous Kevin said the air marshal told him, I was freaking out Kevin replied. We don't freak out in situations like this the air marshal responded. Federal agents later verified the musician's story. We followed up with the casino, a supervisor verified they were playing a concert, a second federal law enforcement source said the concert itself was monitored by an agent. We also went to the hotel to determine they had checked into the hotel. Each of the men were checked through a series of databases and watched list with negative results. The source said the air marshals on the flight were partially concerned. Jacob's intention could have been an effort by terrorist or attackers to create a disturbance on a plane to force the agents to identify themselves. Air marshals only tackle events on a flight as their anonymity. The source said Jacob's intent to put the entire flight in danger. In other words, she's a whack-o. She needs some serious help. I have no right. And you people often just like Rick would have sounded an answer about the story about Kyrta Slybon, a website. If you don't want to wait, it's all waited. I think it's a fairly significant piece of news. And yeah, Kyrta Slybon was a sleep bag. All right? Yeah. God, so what happened? He went in a hiding because of Fritz on his life. He's gone somewhere. He knows, he's underground. And hopefully you'll stay there. 560, 560, 560, on a AT&T in Verizon, Marles Line. How come you really think Ricky Williams retired? This is the hot topic, baby. Almost as big as, which one do you think was bigger? Bigger what? Because they're different. I'm talking about in terms of the impact on soft flow right though. The Ricky thing. Yeah. Because I'm not going to be open. I hate all of the sudden everybody's a heat fan, but you know that's make believe. Like a lot of the dolphins stuff is too, anything. But the dolphins by far and away are the number one sports entity in self-loader. They hit her like small potatoes and the panthers are basically none resistant. And Marlins, well, forget about them because they lost a few games. WQAM, hello. Yeah, you don't have to do it. We've been in the debris, didn't on the retirement. Yes, sir. Sir, sir, the O, that he says the only hole he wants to run through is, is, okay, great. Oh, how come I cut him off so fast? I don't know. I don't know. I just had a feeling I might have been. That's something we don't want to put on the year. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 6, 60. I think that was the Robert Creeper guy, if he asked me. How many times he called the last two weeks? Yeah, at least. Give him poor Robert a break, okay? Never stole a freight train. He's harmless. I think that's the best term. I mean, he's self-hating and he's up noxious and his politics sucks. And he's like a professional little Jew, but other than that, that bitch. Real cabbage? But he's harmless. I like somebody really dangerous people in the building. Absolutely. Right. 20 till noon at 5, 60, W, 2, and the world famous man. I bet to man this is going to have lots to say today. He probably going to have a 30 share today. I'm 30 man. During you show, he's going to have lots and lots to say. The co-voicier dolphins, who's a real dolphin, of course, unlike somebody else, who's still rooting for the jets I believe. And if your carpets are in bad shape and in the ass, something even if you don't think they're in bad shape, they probably still are. If they haven't been cleaned a long time because the real germs and stuff are down there inside the carpets. And the fibers of the carpet that you can't see, thank goodness, with an acre die. But dry concepts with their dry cleaning method, which is exclusive and painted, they're the only ones in the world who do it. Suck out even the deepest down dirt, which leaves your carpets looking and feeling and smelling just like brand new. That's right. They smell them and they fresh when they get done. They're drying a couple of hours. And you'll look at your floor and even you'll be amazed to think that it looks like you had brand new carpeting laid on the floor. Nobody in the world does it better, which is why I've used them in my homes for over 20 years. They've been around in time for over 25 years. And the reason they've lasted so long is because they've invested in the business. You really can't clean today and they're entertained that out when you called dry concepts. That only you're carpeting, but they also do a stupidest job on your furniture, on your draper, on your aerobatic and aerobatic as well. And don't forget when you called dry concepts, they give you a written guaranteed price for our front people. And before they start to job it right now, can save even more money. As soon to put you understand by a list, which will save you an extra 15% off there already on VBDL. Call them tool for your never dreamy, isn't anybody else again? Call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcept.com. That's dry concepts making carpets clean in town since 1979. And whoa, this is for three of my 60s. You made it. Good day, ladies. Justice. Brother, you were found guilty on all counts. What have you got to say? I would like to say out loud that I am guilty. And I think I will be going to prison. So, what do you think you're going to meet there? Roughly people. Just the right. You know, in prison, you're going to get passed around like a playboy magazine at Cubskowkamp. That's going to be scary. Who would be scared? Of course I'm scared. Uh-huh. Oh, I can say it. I get my experience from my salad. Uh-huh. And I want to focus on my salad. Yeah. Well, there's going to be salad. Enough about the salad. But so, how you mentally prepare in yourself? I've sent the morning decorating my house. But look, just like, prison. And it was a new lunch. I'm 45 and 56 to the WQ. And don't let me forget to play, uh, F.A.M. By a mighty python. I've got to play that every time. I'm using an uppity bitch. I'm going to get Rick really upset. W.A.B.C. Morning host Curtis Sleeve goes into hiding. See if the air carry-off city. Sleeve, well, who wears that silly garlic-garity-nedials camp all the time. And it's a real right wing, uh, it's a whole. Who co-host a wake-up show at W.A.B.C. New York. His tip early stepped aside from his honor. Do these in travel to an on-the-square location? For fear of his own safety. The move comes after an indictment on sealed on Thursday. Charge-reviewed at Organized Crime Figure. John, a junior, gotty, with the attempted kidnapping and murder of Sleeve. When I see 92. According to the indictment, the plan was put into place allegedly after Sleeve made statements about his father, the late John gotty senior on the air. Sleeve was explained in the New York Times that he very much feared for his safety. The New York Daily News reports that Sleeve was wife and infant suddenly staying at a separate location for the duration. Sleeve was the father of the guard-manials crime-fighting group in a rear-right wing, uh, butt-plug. Is what he is. He's a crap. I'm not just. He's, uh, like, uh, different kind of look in the, who's that other guy that I'm just has on all the time? That both, both, deed-al. Oh, man, where are they from, uh, bodies, people, huh? New York. Let's see. Oh, look at his Ricky Williams did to Wayne, what he did to the Marlins in 1997. Screw Wayne says JR. Good point, JR. That's right. Wayne screwed the town with a whole Marlon deal in 1997, and now Ricky Williams stuck into Wayne. I saw him ricky. I just can't tell much respect for Ricky Williams without the dreadlocks, right? Yeah. Anybody who sticks it to Wayne is a friend of ours. Even, uh, all of he can have the new with that. He's looking to Mickey. Here's a long fact from Tom and Ford Lovardell, which is much too long to read on here. It's about a book called, what's the matter with Kansas by Thomas Frank about their right wing and about how they take it over to country in the Republican party and yadaa. You know, one thing I loved about Clinton last night, and of course Jimmy Carter and his low key, a peanut growing, uh, piano wall, uh, like his brother style. Uh, you know, he talked about, uh, he reputed and asked pretty good. It was great. But the Clinton thing, he talks about the right wing and how the right wing is taken over to country and what moved us, uh, bushes moved us way to the right and about, uh, he tells it like it is. It was really good. And Tom at the end of his facts has president Clinton's comments last night, they need to divide it America, and then Democrats don't need to divide it America. That was, uh, good stuff. That's going by the, and that's going Tom. Thank you so much. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18. Now, how those Marlon tickets going out there? Do we hear? Uh, there's no more. They're gone. They're gone. Well, why don't you tell me that? They're just went from eat and scare. That's okay. I don't really care. Just, you know, just another sues for when Doug gets back from vacation market down George is not a spanking that Josh shows to a duck. So I guess we can tear that thing up. But the important thing is, you and George this Saturday 2 to 4th, the Reva Motorsports segue. I was told a really lead on his heavily for whatever we have never really sure why. We know why. No, not really. Oh, I think there's plenty of a lot of money. That's why. Oh, okay. Like I said, the Reva Motorsports segue, located at the Black North of San Farod on Dixie Highway, registered with a free segue human transportation device, and a QMQDs will be there offering their services, and food will be provided by the United City Subs. Why do you think Ricky Williams is retiring? That's our pull question today. He just wants to smoke some weed, and he wants to go on 210 votes to be saying that. He don't want to take any more of those stupid ass NFL drug tests. He don't want to have to pee in a buff. As a matter of fact, a Billy Carter will round he could probably pee for him, right? Wouldn't be surprised if Josh Beckett and Billy Carter probably get along pretty well too. There's Billy could like pee on the man anywhere anytime. I'm going to Billy Bear? No, you know. Billy Bear still have it. Billy Bear for a souvenir. 391 votes. Ricky wants to smoke weed 210 because the coaches of Bozo 49. We know that, you know, the fact that Wayne brought back this guy on a heels of everybody thinking it was going to get his ass fired. Bring this guy on J. Feadler. It's on that team and you wonder even those of us who really aren't into it. Tom, I'll mighty. Let's carry the papia schemes. You're going to say a little excitement. He wants to open a gate karaoke bar in Tokyo. 40 of you said that. We'll check that out. Shack is the reason. He's pissed off and fired up because Shack got out of your love and attention to affection. It's alienation of affections is what I'm clicking. 20 votes. He's off to Australia with his average in a friend 24. I know give her crap about Ricky 24 and he's trying to get in the slaps on the ass by sweaty men 15. Welcome. WQM. Hello. Pretty good. Listen last night when Clinton was speaking on the phone. I mean on the phone when Clinton was speaking at the convention. He mentioned something about two nuclear bombs or two nuclear. Two nuclear. Two nuclear nuclear. The Bush era people want to spend billions of dollars to develop. Right. Including that we might use first just to attack the racket on preemptive. We might start nuclear in the world. I don't read this anywhere. I never heard about it. Yeah. It was on our website. I didn't go to the website. Well, why not? You better get with it man. Well, here's another thing. What about this classified information that was taken out a lot of a lot, almost new Mexico research center over there. Have you heard about this? Yeah. I mean, you know, what do you know about that? Well, we should hope this doesn't this national security stuff condolese arrives with going on. I think you're answering your own questions. Well, yeah. He said that would say that the American swing. Right. Well, I did whatever. See it. Okay. We'd like to you, pal. See you in Los Alamos. See what's in Nuke's. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT. So these people, you know, you were just just condolable, but all right? We're not going to stop all the problems in the world right here between me. Maybe by one, but certainly not before noon. So just toned down a couple of matches. WQAM, hello. Neil, how are you? Great. Hey, I didn't know what you heard about your friend Ira. Which arrow is this? I didn't want to get it. What about him? He's not there anymore. Here we know that. That's sucks. We win. Well, this is all news. In person, I'm Lincoln, like to play to. Who can get lost? Did I hear about our friend Ira? He's not there anymore. This is a phone call to a talk show. Here we are trying to confabulate the all-approvers of the universe. And it's guys talking something we already know. We're talking about that when I promoted this before. Did we discuss that a great length? And about how Scott was a real piece of crap in a pain in the ass? Yes, we did. And last week too. Jesus, man. All of these just like this other guy. Give me stuff that we had on a website weeks ago. Okay, weeks. Oh, guess what? You hear Murray and elephant's checkabouts. Yeah, but the, you know what I love about that? Water here. They make a story that, well, she made the check-good. Like we're supposed to be, hey, let's hear it from Murray and man. Yeah, she made the check-good. Actually, she bounced the check to refile. Oh, good, gully Miss Molly. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 6, 8, 8, 10, 10, 11, we're looking for your reasons. The real reason why Ricky Williams is retiring. Much to the secret of the, and that's the animal of Bastard. Nick got with that facts was right about him. He is one of the worst pieces of garbage. Why he's on the air on this radio station. He's so out of me. Remember the day that he was in there, doodle it around and it got on the year when we were in the middle of our show? Yes. Dan La Bastard. Peace of curared perfect for the Harold by the way. If it's in over there like a rubber glove. Line 9, WQA and hello. Hi, this is Ricky. Hi, Ricky. Nice to hear from you, Ricky. Get a haircut sweetheart. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. I was one of these people. I had lost my wallet. My voters, my brothers, registration was in it. Yeah. And I was wondering, you know, how do I get it back? Well, I did get it back. And I'd like to pass on a phone number and place your, anybody out there that's going through that thing situation. Go right in. Okay, it's 305, 895, 2, 3, 2, 3. Come on, guys. Get your voters registration. If you're not registered vote, let's get rid of the regime. Hey, Neil. Thank you. 305, 895, 2, 3, 2, 3, and day county. Let's see, what is this? This is from the same guy again. Obviously, great news about courtesy, whenever you get hit out on, oh, that's bad. Sean handed, e.L.R. E.L.R. Billar Riley and Michael Savits. Talked way to become a lot more variable. What they also in Greg Reid to, it says PSU's Ricky wins. Shanghai again, right? Must be obsessed with courtesy. What? How do we want to do it? Where is his parade? 5, 6, 7, 0, 4, maybe just put a feather in his cap. WKM, hello. Ricky like Dickie, young. Okay, I'm for some reason. I don't know what kind of, I don't know what kind of things he wears, but I did, I did not. Yeah. That's too bad, too. What? Well, did he not? Because it's wrong. We all don't, that of course we did. Oh, well, there you go. Till then we, he said Ricky like, And he was talking about the kind of jeans. I'm sure that's what he was saying. See, and you mentioned this to maybe for, and this is exactly, you know, this car, you are exactly, even it was very funny. Exactly what South Florida's all about is, Tony is a 72-hour bill. He was there here, he was the man he could do no wrong. He was a little unusual little freaky, but nevertheless nobody cared because he wanted to be attacked by his dreadlocks. They didn't care. Because he was doing all of this stuff. He was running for 80 billion yards when ball games. The most exciting running back to dolphins had maybe ever when you come right down to it. Who do they ever have as a running back who was, I'm not saying like, you know, Larry Zonko and Jim kickin' those guys, but they weren't exciting. I mean Larry Zonko was just a big, you know, a big strong, uh, ox. Nobody could tackle it. But Ricky Williams, I think, he could go without saying was the greatest, the most exciting running back in dolphin history. Is that correct, Josh? Yes. But after Shadow, he didn't take a half a second of answer that the answer is, except it. But now that he was excited to turn tail and the leave, he's going to retire, which is a retire. That's his prerogative. Maybe that old guy called Robert said retire. That could have been it. And right away, he's a mighty call and he's this. He's a drug addict. He also smokes a little pub based thinking how many you smoke, I guarantee you that George smokes a lot more pot in the day than Ricky Williams smokes in a year. And that's just during the show when he's doing it. And not all blame him when he came right down to it. So all you phony phony and that might that said that thanks before that was the best. I should have framed that about the phony efforts and all this baloney, but the baloney. Even the headward national probably phony and South Florida. So it ought to be kidnapped, okay. Maybe kids somebody else that just the new kids on a block for your affluent and this old fart off head right now. Formanists still knew in the 560 QA. My wife and little sister's social media by sister's family. Who am I? This mark, Morgan, is the 12 to one hour on Q8 then. Another thing, you know, is in the me, one of the big stars. I don't know, that's a little bit sweet voice. I didn't expect to get anywhere a little puny, puny. We'll take you. I'm not gonna get one. I don't like this, but that's better than I do. Come on, why do you? Yeah, what about it? Come on, why, why do you? What do I do? I'm playing at me. Okay. I wanna die. You're a pector, free. You know, don't be a fool. You're a fool. Why do you? Why do you? I know my smell of traction. No, no, no. But unlike that, you, you still got your... I feel just like that you are my favorite. And when you need to win, that's why you are still not fine. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. I'm going to avoid going. I'm going to avoid going. I'm going to avoid going. I'm going to avoid going. I'm going to avoid going. Come on to us, five, six. You're going to be happy Tuesday, Tuesday. You as president George W. Bush, big winner at the World's stupidity awards. Oh, right. See that story? Nope. Montreal. And whose fighting set tires a hard out of TVs that Ali show to pride in the recognition of the US received that the world's saying were the gold standard. Black said the world celebrates the pros and perfection in idiocy because real stupidity is hard work. It's easy to fall down a manhole, it's easy to put the cables too close to the drapes, it's easy to launch a military invasion of other country based on a few blurry satellite photos he observed, this year my people we scaled the everstice stupidity and we stand upon its peak. First of the stupidest man in the award for the second time in the history of the year the war's one of these stupidity of word for reckless endangerment of the planet. That award was presented by Justin Trudeau, son of former prime minister Pierre Trudeau, he got the base we asked to die from females in the packed house who hooded whistle then yelled a young Adam while he was on stage, young young. Bush done didn't take the category alone, however, time with British Prime Minister Tony Blair and rightfully so, the controversial Texan President shared in two other awards as the US was noted for having the stupidest government of the year. What was interesting about that is that the decision was made overwhelmingly by Americans who voted said Albert Nuremberg of the main organization revealing obvious numscoals who runs the awards, nominations in voting took place at the organization's online set except for the lifetime achievement award which is settled by the judges. The nominations were judged by experts in their fields a bunch of idiots that overseen by the academy for recognizing stupidity everywhere. Bush beat out pop actress Brittney Spears nominated for saying I do it or brief Las Vegas wedding and singer Jessica Simpson who went to loud on TV, why does chicken by the seat taste like tuna is a chicken or is it tuna? Though he's facing work crime charges after being captured by US forces, Sodom can take solace in lifetime achievement award for a stupidity which was bestowed on him with a musical tribute in the montage of filmciffs and photos including one of him getting a fashion makeover from the cast of Queer Eye for the straight guy. Iraq and the conservative right in the US to good heavily in the awards which declared foxes or rally fact of the stupidest TV show and gave fox news to not for media love which has made the greatest contribution to furthering ignorance worldwide. Also stupidest woman of the year was US soldier private lndy England who became notorious after pictures were published of her allegedly abusing your prisoners. Is that her Maggie Kassala said even be that convicted home making guru Martha Stewart dysfunctional rocker Courtney love and Nicole Smith and Michael Jackson who finally had an assurgery to place himself in his category. Cute. Worst stupidest movie was Julie and what a surprise huh? Julie. Julie. Never saw it. Did you? No. Never saw it. Do you think I would go see that? Julie? Would he ridiculous to switch her been a outlook and a halo with a big ass? Back home give me a break. Here's a little bit of good news and of course there's 80 million pools out there to question which one you're going to grab. Carry over takes versions swing states nationwide this poll show. Oh rocker he didn't find a poll to show anything you want. Then we're quite a challenge who John Kerry this month overtook US president George W. Among voters in swing states in nationwide according to a poll conducted by the Washington based Pew research center we can smell he roam all away here. The senator from Massachusetts leads Bush 47 or 41 percent in states where they remember election expected to be closest. That compares with Bush's 11 point lead. Tell the lack just a month ago so Bush was 11 points ahead and now Kerry's sips ahead and that was before the convention started. Nationwide 46 percent of the 1568 registered voters questioned by a coup set that would vote for Kerry if the election would we're how they would compare with 44 percent who said they would put Bush. The choice of Edwards is good or excellent according to 49 percent of those polls compared with 31 percent who said it was fair or poor. Kerry also leads Bush in perceptions among the general public on who can best deal with issues including the economy, health care, education, the environment, Iraq, foreign policy and gun control. Republicans laid on morality, almost sexuality which of course is there are super near the bread and butter and terrorism court of the center. Almost sexuality. God do something like that and almost man that's right. Maybe that's why Ricky's right in a way. 232 people, those days we're tearing because he wants to smoke a wacky weed. You don't want to take those stupid as drug tests. 567.056. Count five 60 on the AT&T Verizon Wireless line. WQM hello. Yes sir. More is ripping you in the morning today. About what? You know it's possible you missed too many days. Yeah. All right. Well take it easy. Okay, I don't miss any days. I mean go. I don't miss any days. This is my schedule. Shmuck. In addition to it. Well. No said. 567. 056. See I don't have to go ahead my two pay we done or my head reshaped. 556. On the AT&T Verizon Wireless line. What is last guy? Talk about the try to stir it up. It must really be deadly. Like I said, thank God for Ricky and otherwise people be in a total co-light this point. Sit under a tree like rip and wickle. WQM hello. And back at you. WQM hello. No. Yes sir. Check. No. No. No. No. Okay there's one of our great sportsmen. I think that was Daniel Vasier. What a. That was Dan. WQM. Okay. They're good. QM hello. Hello. Yes. He'll remind her tonight. A Riley factor. Michael Moore. I don't watch the Riley factor. I wouldn't care if he had Jesus Michael Moore and. He's great. And. I'm not watching the Riley factor. Sorry. A reminder. Is. Why would I watch that crowd? And why is he going on there? That's what I don't know. He's obviously the show. He ought to know that Riley never lets anybody talk. Of course not. I always got to put him on here. He's trying to make him look fed. And make him a fool. Not a minute. I'm not going to say anything. And it probably walk off. And it just be that. Spectacle to help Riley make a few more bucks. That's all. Not a good idea. Mike. And I'm sure it's not going to watch it. Sir. Don't watch the Riley factor. And by the way, the book comes out tomorrow. The spring rating book. And I predict again that a writer will continue having a. Oh, oh, oh, oh, a soft lord of rating book. Oh, I didn't take that back. The name of point two in the last one. I don't know. So the obvious question is what's the point? Nobody in listen to his radio show. And the only reason that Fox has those numbers is because the right wing. It's like a religion. So like the 700 from the all congregate in that one spot. Everybody with a brain. People from the left of the till of a hunt. They're split up among the other networks. They're watching if they want to see news CNN MSNBC. They're watching network news. They're watching other things. But all the right wing. All those sheep. All lined up there. All the right wing lemons. They're all gathered around. They're like, like it's the religious, you know, foisting hoisting place. WQAM. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. I want to talk to Neil. Speaking. Neil. He got it. Turn that radio off, please. What? All right. Turn a radio down. There you go. Neil. God. What is all that? What do you mean by that? It's not getting out. It's like that. What? What are you? Tell them. Tell them I am now. I'm not. I'm not. Get out of there before it's too late. No wonder. Now we don't want to be hurting down Tom Miami. Too many Osha on provocative to go in there. Okay. But we did it. We put like a special drape tree over the top of the tower to make sure that we've thought we did. It's kind of. And Colbert's column dropped by USA today. Oh, right. She wrote a really smart way. They sent her off to the Democratic Convention, right? The counter-repeats you know every day. The right wing viewpoint on what's happening there. She wrote for her first piece yesterday. A piece of slime and trash. That was just a week and two sarcastic in the growth test for USA today. They said bye bye honey. So they signed Jonah Goldberg. Self-hating Yid who writes for the National Review and other right winger. USA today. I think my tone humor sarcasm etc. Which raises the intriguing question why the hurt me to write for them. Quarter seven statement. And also that is a good question. I want anybody to hear you to do anything sweetheart. So maybe sweep the floor and clean the turrets. And I don't think you're qualified for that. Bitch. God is she disgusting or what? She's disgusting. Bad news. You already know this. I'm sure. No sopranos until 2006. There whatever. Did you know that? No. Well, now you do. No sopranos family members will get knocked off in 2005. That's because HB has announced that the sixth and final season of the popular Madrama Water Premier till sometime in 2006. It's like the Harry Potter book HB or Chairman Chris Albrecht said last week. You wait very long and you'll be happy when you get it. Yeah, we'll see. Albrecht said the sopranos creator and executive producer David Chase can take all the time he needs to write hitting the final season could become longer than the Santa Pesodos Chase committed to in January. The sopranos wrapped up at six season last month in very mediocre fashion from what George tells us. Yeah. Until the last episode of the sopranos airs, I'm always hopeful all Brex said other HBO shares that will live on include a fifth season of Larry David's comedy Kirby enthusiasm and sophomore seasons of the Dark Drama is Cardavol and deadwood. There's a good news for it. Well, good. Cardavol is that bad at all. Really? Really? I'll be damned. I just might have to get HBO if it ever becomes available. Here's an available. No, I'm sorry. Like I said, I'll have to stick with Maddox 699 channels. Twelve minutes past noon at 560 WMH company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs. Let Oasis outshurcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business. Pay rule administration. Fortune 500 company employee benefits. Human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis is outshurcing and covered in healthy business be more profitable. Call Oasis outshurcing today for free of adoration of 1, 866 at Oasis. That's 1, 866, 2, 86, 2747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outshurcing understands many facets human resource management. Outshurcing is being recognized by firms both large and small as a powerful management choice, which lets you focus on your core business while you leave the operational details to Oasis outshurcing. Let Oasis outshurcing make your business a lot more profitable. If you'd like to get you a free of adoration, just give McCall an obligation call 1, 866 at Oasis. That's 1, 866, 2, 86, 2747, 4, Oasis outshurcing. 5, 866, 566. With your own doors. A few in. You're alive. Jack! The USA can't be in my spider hole. Now they turn me over to a rat he can throw. But if the Americans don't keep me safe, they're just going to be one more grave in their eyes. Yes, here is your eyes. And then as soon as they put me in the dark, I will crawl in the jailhouse in a rat. My people can hardly wait to face me, pay. Just like they did with the day in whose day only one way to try and over my foes. Caljani, Cagran, or Margaragos, do a rat. Yeah, take home to a rat. Give my cell my gold and stay locked. They get to the jailhouse in a rat. Maybe if I'm lucky I can. How but believe, maybe I can even see the same thing. I must have been crazy to get into this war. It's like right to steal Donas from Michael Moore here, rat. Yeah, here, here the rat. My head will scoop the other black. And I will die in the jailhouse in a rat. Die in the jailhouse in a rat. Why is it that you're going to die? Well, they cheated by a 60-year-old rat. They're trying to move hard and they're trying to plant in a rat. Which is planning. Maybe pays our panties, or their daisies, or whatever. I'll tell them. Yeah, thank you. I don't want to have one swell time. What's that? I see. Maybe he's planning the seeds. Maybe he's planning some seeds and I've been having a lot of them in part. You want to get to over there. That's some more in Asia. Maybe Ricky's on his way to Iraq. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Maybe other chains to pull. It doesn't seem to be going. We get a lot of votes on there. Maybe they just ran out of ideas. I thought we didn't have all kinds of real neat and original and clever ideas, but guess what? Why do you think Ricky Williams is retiring? What's the real reason behind this debacle? 492 votes. He just wants to smoke weed 247. I don't give a crap 62 like I predicted that's moving up nicely. Be at least a solid second. Because the coach is above 58, he wants to open a gate karaoke bar in Tokyo 49. Shack is God. But third man. Shack. He's off to Australia with his average and he's friend 26. And he's starting to get in the slap in the S by sweaty grotesque man, plenty. Black dome. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes. So about we hear 30 areas to be heard. WDQAM. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I think Ricky is running away because he's gay. Yeah. Why don't you run away too? Okay. Bye. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, don't know. I have one for the ball. Yes sir. It's been said a long time ago. Yes sir. Yes sir. I'm just, you know. Yes sir. But maybe he wants to do something with meaning in his life instead of playing kid games. That's an excellent choice. So that's outstanding. Yes. I mean maybe he won't hold my rope. Exactly. But I don't know. I mean. And good thing. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Wow. By the way. Yes. It's storming like a sun bitch down here. Well that's good because it's cloudy and rain in here too. This is the first day of the last day we've had it a long time. It's kind of gray and gay. You've already had a couple of outages. I don't know. I wonder where I have in like a little bit of a slowness on their response. And because the votes are coming in just nice, but they're a little bit all over their off-flash. Every time I see that they're always there flashing like crazy, you know. Just when I'm taking, oh look at all these great stories I got. They don't want that. They don't want that old guy reading a bunch of crap on here. I'll say to that right now. They want George sitting there talking about the ass and stuff like that. And working armpits. And of course. You're lucky man. You might actually become a sports nerd. You've been on the air during two weeks. We had the two biggest sports stories. They've been on years for the decoons they different take. Nobody too. I am hello. Hello. Yes sir. I'm calling for Neil. Speaking. Neil. I wanted to mention that I got this schedule for the convention for tonight. I don't know if you're. I don't know if you're. Can you speak in a night. Uh, a tech atty and not all that being. The racco bomber. You know who he is. I haven't got any idea who he is. Oh, you mean that was that guy from Illinois? Exactly. They want to be kicking butt in this Senate race there. Yeah. That guy is going to be he's somebody to watch. I wouldn't be surprised if he were president someday. If we were. Exactly. What I wanted to say in eight years. You better watch out. He's the man. That's right. And also I think tonight is also Ron Reagan. Oh, she's going to be on. None of it. He's amazing. I guess I wasn't aware of what his point of view was. But he couldn't be more hopeful to Bush than anybody. I understand the stem cell research. He's pissed off and part of about that Alzheimer's in the stem cell thing. Which wasn't mentioned at last night there very prominently. But it's not the- it's I thought that was all it was. But in fact it's across the board. He hates Bush in every way imaginable. He's not sure if that's the base number that I'm hearing now. All right. I just want to talk to you. I'll be glued to the Senate. Howard Dean tonight and Ted Kennedy and that other guy he was talking about. And Ron Reagan Jr. She's going to be speaking. And I bet you Dean gets them all. We're going to South Carolina. I don't know. I don't know. And I have a soul. You get him. I go to the corner. I go to California and Texas and New York. We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan. And then we're going to Washington and these theaters. They've got the white house. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. See, the reason he didn't get it. Yeah. He wasn't supposed to get it. Right. Oh, there's Nick Cheney. No, he just took a couple of water. I sure hope he ain't nothing any bad with his heart. You see this spirit of the core and now he's a friend. He's rallying the troops. There he's talking to the troops and he just reached over for glass of water. But when he drank it like he was in distress or something. And I thought maybe he was going to be one of them. Oh, no. My pacemaker, the battery just stopped. Get the energizer and bunny in here real quickly for us to lay. Wow. I thought I was hoping you understand. Of course. So we got Howard and Ted Kennedy. He's my hero. Ted Kennedy. I don't care what anybody says to the guys dead. Now Rick Sanchez killed that guy from the stadium. He's still running around with his mediocre career from job to job. Getting bounced around like the no town that he is. At least Ted Kennedy's. He's great. Right. And he's and he's the thing about Ted Kennedy isn't pulling any punches. He's a liberal. He's proud of it. He's the only one who actually say that. Come and cook since I guess. In fact, they had dentist. They were interviewing him on the floor last night. Tobiety never got up. But and he looks like his hair piece may have a little bit of work. It looks like he went to Charles Alphair for about two three minutes. He just stayed longer. He'd look better. But he looked a little bit better. He says all the right things he makes all the sense of the world he had no chance. I was starting to say so though the reason that Dean didn't get it is because he wouldn't suppose to. Right. Two radical, too much of an outsider, too much in the course they convinced the public. Oh, he's got no chance. And look at that crazy a temper or his and he's screaming and then that whole deal. And we got sucked into that. Even we got the Buffalo by the way they presented that. And then of course after the fact after they've humiliated and degraded him and made him look like a Arabian maniac and then we saw his wife that all well he was screaming because the noise from the crowd was so loud that you couldn't hear. And speaking of lives, let me tell you right now, Judy Dean, they're looking so bad anymore. Did you see, have you seen Carrie's daughters? Yeah. Now one of them is pretty hot. She's not bad. But the other one, she's got a little trace of that shnows. You know, they both have a lot of one has got. It looks like John Kerry and drag to be honest with me. She has got a shnows, a hawker like very manual on a bad day. They have the money to fix those. You know, got all mighty as she grew test. What is it with with presidential daughters? And then you're going to give me a son and answer about the bush daughters all in that crap. The one anyway. Who's got the really is? And was got a daughter. One of them's got the one carries daughters like I said it's pretty good. She's all right. What about Edward? I don't know. Because you and the bush twins, man. They're just a lover bush that one but she's beautiful. Harbra bush. You mean Martha Washington, the mother of our country? Yeah, exactly. Yeah, she's lovely. I think her face is on the dollar bill. Give me a put her on the three dollar bill on one side Ronnie Reagan, Junior on the other side. I got a big plan for her. They wanted to put Ron Reagan, senior, the old man on a, on some of the currency. Let's put the kid. Let's put Ron Reagan in ballet to answer around $3 bill. What do you say? Oh, right. But he's going to be speaking to them about conventions being, he's got some balls. He's got a pair. Now Nancy says they're teeny tiny but nevertheless it's a start, right? Right. Right. Now if you just get some for guilty. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 26 past noon by the way, so I can really grim on a hockey season for next year. I don't want to get the P. on gullies parade or anything like that because that would be a bad way to start. You know, there's a fuck away as any soccer places to make sure the fuck doesn't get through. But at any rate, uh, it would be a bad way to start your hockey broadcast. We're a have no season, right? Maybe you can just go that out of the saw grass and practice when there's nobody around, right? Like like the way I would use to send our people out to remote and the, the convention center that was closed in like five hours before they opened it up to the public. Something like that. At least he can't get in the trouble out there. Plenty says past noon at five, 60, WQA. I've been telling you about a laser recharge. The toner recharge cartridge first. Let's go to the past few weeks on a show. And a lot of you have called 1 800, 287, 1912, which is good news because they're saving you a lot of money on your printing and office equipment supplies. And for those of you who haven't called, what you'd be waiting for. A laser recharge has got inch heads, thermo carbon paper supplies, and they provide service. Support and maintenance for more makes and models of machines to make them more like new again. When you call 1 800, 287, 92, 12, you'll deal with just Bob the sole owner has been supplied businesses in South Florida with what they need. In most cases within 24 hours. A laser recharge can save you up to 50% up to half a new cartridges as compared to depot pricing and keep in mind that all the cartridges sold by a laser recharge are re-manufactured not refilled. Anybody in their brother can study a cheap refilled cartridge, but also keep in mind that you only get what you pay for. Remainufactured cartridges are the only smart way to go. A laser carries the complete lot of cartridges for printers, copiers and faxes along with brother and zero ox drums too. A laser recharge is part of the individualized service. They are freeway no questions act satisfaction what and see. So whether you're looking for a toner, cartridges, anything else like these things, pick up the protocol just Bob. At a laser recharge at 1 800, 287, 92, 12, or you can log out of their website a laser recharge.com. 1 800 2 879 2 1 2 Messiah biblical Give me him! Okay ENBO! Coming up tonight, an inside goodbye and the true Hollywood celebrity music gallery who profiled story. Of all the hits of the Nice mezzhe is only one who is used by hospitals as an eMac. That's so odd. What's find that you worry. I'm not gonna throw me down I'm gonna throw you down I'm gonna throw you down What's in the medic? That's if someone is taking a drug overdose Or did accidentally ingest a poison Or whatever We need an ametic twin-due's vomiting Dars! Sorry, please, I'm dying here Oh, we tried everything in the past That I have a tiger song Cajadugi, you men without cats But that's break my stride Remember does the trick every time God, please Oh, sorry, guys Look at her, you've right away I'm sorry I'm sorry Yes There you go It's okay now It always feels better after you've heard Matthew Wiler We tried a region for common But all the weak kidneys You don't care what he thinks It's a big juicy, something like a choke-a-chill business Tonight, on its side to mind Pump 33, don't forget George, he's Saturday 2-4 We have a motorsport segway of Long South and North South and North A block north of San Francisco road on Dixie Highway Regions into winter free segway Human transportation device The QMQDs are going to be there And food provided by Atlantic City Sub Have you heard that Irish not there anymore? No That's the room where I'm here and going to Iran Drought you to hear that? No, you're the first That's what I'm hearing We're better check on that Here's something Probably this is already a big story Too many sports stories now Guess it's because of summer time Sure, what else? What else would be going around in South Florida? Nothing going down there I'll talk You and it's travel top foot public group Willy Williams, let that boy play Well, you're one My name is top foot public group Willy Williams, whose legal troubles in Lank the arrest record Is put his status in Lanko, finally is a herical All right And there's statement to the university community What a widow This from the SunCenal, the university community Is that like the gay community And the black community and the African Bangalore, is she community? What is that? The university community President Donna Ishalala, who's got no balls Said, we chose to support the recommendation of the members of our faculty And staff who constituted our admissions group They brought broad experience in reading complicated admissions Applications which in this case revealed A more accurate picture of a young man that what you've read today Do you understand what that means? Nope No Coach Larry Coquer added Just to decline recommendation would be a bit of a player Because of what somebody might think Nationally, I just don't think that's the right way to handle it Now, there was we don't give a crap on anybody Thanks You haven't put what you've been scholarship on holdpending admissions Hearing which took place after his legal matters were resolved He was arrested the 11 times since 1999 Walked out of a court reminds of I6 with the road clear from the proceed with the Emission procedure Robert Circuit Court Judge Michael Cappen with held a due to Occasionon 2002 Berkeley charge Instead sentence Williams a starline Backer from Carroll City High to three years probation Yadiyadiyadi I don't think that your lost cause Cappen told Williams I know you have a serious juvenile history and some History is an adult but I think you've got some promise In other words, he can run fast and fly like an eagle I don't think the thing to do is put you in jail at least not yet he said Limey freshman report to camp August nine Well, there's some good news for South Florida sports fans who are just aching and dying after The Ricky Williams thing tore their hearts up and let me say it again all the rumors about Ricky is a Fag innocent that was all going on during the two years that he was running like crazy And sent all those records and doing all these fantastic things But nobody cared about that because he was our Fag if I would not believe that he was anyway But even if he is what happens is a mate But now all of a sudden that's the issue because now that he turned tail and departed now We got to find this huge eye he wasn't any good anyway. He was a tremble maker. He was a pot smoker He was a mighty call and he was a about whatever right I would just be like a better when he had the long here We like the old rasta locks You're all full of craft man. I'll do people talking such trash The real reason he retired is because he just wants to smoke in peace Right and what's wrong with that? 544 votes. Why do you think Ricky Williams is really retiring? Once the smoke weed 267 almost half of you say that. I don't give a crap 77 That was the way to addition. I apologize for that Because the coaches of those oh 62 that might be a part of it He wants to open a gay karaoke bar in Tokyo 52 after the lockhead that called it a while ago There's your gay selection already on their schmidhead idiot Shack 31 Who wouldn't want to slink off into the wilderness somewhere after being overshadowed by this big goof all but a gigantic Oversized hate I would have thought Joe Rose would have been our core wouldn't you and South Florida Jax with oversized heads No, no Shack 31 he's off to Australia with his average and he friend Ricky that is 26 He's trying to get in the slant on the S by sweaty gross big men 24 He wants to do something meaningful not play games six that was a good choice I don't believe that but wouldn't that be nice like maybe he's going to run from political office Maybe he's going to go out there and do it. Yeah, he's going to go out there and join the Peace Corps If we still had it he's going to do something productive. He's like he's going to like be a security guard in a high school crossing And help kids who are getting hit by cars something productive because I'm saying some stupid ass game Like that golfing. I still can't get over that no until they stick my ass in a ground I'm never going to be able to get over this whole golf thing. What did you do with your life? Well, I was the longest driver in history and I sure could put it. Put the buses the word man. You know what I mean? Like healthy puss WQA and hello Yes sir How's it going, Mike? Great Ricky, he wants to help rotate find the real killer. That's what he's going That's an excellent choice beauty thanks pal Thank you. And have a great day. That was good. See that's the kind of thing we're thinking to some more of a creative Not just bag bag bag, you know He wants to help OJ help to find a real killer. We're selling the constructor, which means he probably played a lot of golf Right, you know, put about people play all the golf. Absolutely. I just got through my shenanigans See how it all kind of like fits in there again. This guy in a phone my sucking power fits in there like a rubber glove Oh rubber glove For bloody gloves And you know what they say if it don't fit your full of shmint WQA and hello Yeah, what you're probably golf It sucks How come don't ask me? I don't know maybe they could make it more exciting like having something for people to get excited about What if you're a colored ball? Yeah, different colored balls. That's right That's the problem balls too many balls little balls. I'm not into little balls five six seven. Oh five sixty Oh Sorry, early pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line people that sit around and watch other people play golf It's one thing if you go out there for exercise never 20 or 30 beers with a boy or something like that Even though that still is you know all you're doing is saying I have no right All summer long. You know what the hockey players do I give up they play golf You want to know why they got nothing else to do they have no life nothing else to do that's it And I'm sure the same is two or other athletes during your off season. They go out and play a lot of golf because they're bored because it's a chance to go out and like a who knows I don't know something to do But watching other people play golf to me that to me that is definitely should be classified as a mental illness When you say I'll never understand that if I live to be a thousand And there's first cars around the shoving kids and it's a 2400 point. I mean oh Goods golly Miss Molly Yeah, right The world is on a precipice of craft man all of this garbage going down We're worried about you know whether we're going to be walking around in 24 hours every day because we got all these yellow alerts and pink alerts and green alerts and purple alerts We got alerts up the old echo mass And in the meantime these people are well the tiger he's a shadow what he used to be and now we got a V. D. Singh that he got I know smells like heavy curry. What is that? You know you think that the V. J. Singh smells like a curry Here we go Take a whiff next time you see our buddy kid when you told me we're talking what was he talking about the morning He's the only giving the spary port about them using our material without permission on one of those TV stations for our six Yeah, you people on channel four and six man you suck if you go to the right way to you all mine It's like when we play something off of a CBC or CBS There's not nothing illegal about that. It's after the fact but at least we give credit where it came from As opposed to them sneaking something like it just it just a two spontaneous generation It wound up on their right on your TV screen being one way in generic unnamed radio show where they don't normally talk about sports right Oh God forbid that they would want to give us a little bit of credit a little bit of promotion there got for paper Because the TV people they resent radio anyway, you know, it's just like the newspaper people Oh, you know what I advertise on radio. I'd retize the newspaper where kids lost in the middle of 700 pages of ads Then nobody pays any attention to you ever read any ads in the newspaper Are you kidding me never I can't tell you the last time I looked at them the newspaper. All I do is when I see the app a page full ads It just means you turn a page and hopefully my find something which you you will hear you serve them out there 19 to one if you had mad dog a two the hump or from the speaking of that from the hard rock casino it for don't forget We got that slots on a ballot of but that's going to be so great if we get that in if you could see the casino it would buy and put my race track here It's a beautiful place. They got 1700 slots fabulous roll on out of favor. Let's bring a good restaurant in there And then you you go up the escalator and there's a racetrack. How do you like that? A lot. Yeah, there's Chris Christoffer out there and Tony Kerwood and Paul McDonald and Steve Conrin And all the others who might even not Trevor Richie. Oh, Trevor Trevor Richie. That's right Keith Oliver Mike Sactic Mike Sactic or what a little bit. I mean certainly no Donald Brayner not there guys like that and no Miriam Tolin, which makes me really Joseph for pop at a party Talked about my friend Dick Fineberg was always I don't want to go in it. Don't mention nothing about harness racing man That'll be the end of your show. What do we do in a harness racing show now that rumors leave in the the rumors by the way. Let's see what's today today 27 yes Leave in the 31st going to say bye bye by and the good news. I'm here. Does the Jeff Cohen pizza lock now don't have to mortgage his house You know when your hair is falling out when you got almost nothing left for a big gross ball spot on your head. Believe me a big bald head is gross I heard somebody give me a report. It's a good this morning on that who got to take a good post look at one of the most famous bald heads in the building and Said For more than 35 years Charles Alphayers been helping desperate guys like that get their hair back and look really good as opposed to a mouse He looking piece you see basically what mode did he threw in the towel. You know, I mean just gave up Just like Steve Ziggler you never thought of what happened. No, I never did but he finally threw in the towel realize what a goofball He looked like what had musk right on there if you want to look great not like a goofball Charlie can help you do with his most amazing natural helines system the best in the universe And like I've been telling you for years and years on they show the most critical area of any hair system Is the hairline if it looks like real hair that's grown out of your scalp It looks great if it looks like a animal died and you had or like a bunch of straw then forget about it and Charlie's news skinlight Her system is a hundred percent un-detectable and Charlie gives you a guarantee so you got nothing lose But that bald spot it tries system for 30 days After a month if you don't let the way listen feels and smells if you're not ecstatic return it and get your money back So don't delay if you want to look better when younger than you ever thought you could again Just make that simple collar can change your life forever Call tool free 1-800-3212413 That's 1-800-3212413 A log on to Charlie's World Famous website Charlesofferie.com Tyler's含 Another man, I just went home now, for an at-best human as fan of ever gloves and back he went. But she was different, her friend the waiter, and given more than 15 percent, where he was good at taking it. Start a slashing and back and don't you know what? Was that the apples before they fell? She made a touchdown, it was your kind goal. It's getting at me, out of our hotel, all crazy like... I'm a VL-AGA, when he flattered, oh, Jay, Bob and Lico Procedure, with a knife, that's a prison, your penalty. He said, which on fiction, that's what you did when you attacked your wife, I don't hear a live reaway, it'll get away from goal, pressing something to his goal, wishing you was dead. But it was a set of phone, no matter if it's so, suicide by sum of, I keep it his hands, oh, where the final they got a knife, now it's up to two or three, but he was surely, being here for life, and that he would have said, they'd feel bad for all Jay, they'd feel getting all Jay. I've got to act wild, yeah, act the weather, he's got some mental jays so black. I've said he was, he's got dark, all the sun goes on, really, he's full of Molly's shoes, man. Ten minutes to one and five, sixty-one, a few a.m. speaking of hack the wife, reason I play that, there's Lori hacking, are we supposed to care about this story and so like sitting? They had a meeting and yeah, you're supposed to care. Okay, just like we're supposed to care about the other one, which I've read through names already, but I'm not saying that it's not a good thing, but I'm not saying that it's not a good thing, but I'm saying that it's not a good thing, but I'm saying that it's not a good thing, but I'm saying that it's not a good thing, but I'm saying that it's not a good thing, but I'm saying that it's not a good thing, but I'm saying that it's not a good thing, but I'm saying that it's not a good thing, but I'm saying that it's not a good thing, but I'm saying that it's not a good thing, but I'm saying that it's not a good thing, and so when you're starting your approach to talking about it, that it is not complicated, so if you're not going to be part of that, obviously you're talking about that really so really perfect is not what you're doing. I've been saying that the answer is what you're doing differently, but if you're making dialogue with me, and obviously your idea is that you're gonna be talking about that cause you're the one that really is. When it's taking time, doing the dialogue is just like that and it's like you're risky to enjoy that and it's like your story, She was visibly upset she started to cry got up and walk away her supervisor Randy church told the AP yesterday He said that when co-worker Sasha what was wrong she replied? It's no big deal. I'm okay, but I think I'll go home Yeah, I in fact something's bothering me too. I don't know. I think I'm gonna go home. Bye I am home One of the employees said he could over here her saying but he's already been accepted He's already applied. This can't be correct. Otherwise he was a liar and that of course the fact that he was running around naked Although he did have socks on I guess right? Well, it might have been cold or what? 28 year old Mark hacking a 20. I just do said 20 in my chip to hospital or he's been at a sicky after Costonal since police thought I'm running around naked in sandals then I entered the search for his wife began Please refuse to say whether he was being held in buff in buffing thoroughly. Well, like I said he was out to hack in a way He did it. He's good enough for O. J. He ought to be out there. He did it. Living up to his name That's I don't know how we care about that story because immediately like you said they had a meeting and decided oh We're gonna be this thing in the ground man. We're gonna be like a bloody to a bloody pulp Paul Krugman writes in the days New York Times. Yeah, I told you I'd sneak in one or two stories near today Good it can't be all Ricky and All day okay life is more than just a bunch of dumb jokes and we'll in course now It's a shack and Ricky and willy willy Williams, right? Willy or what he oh He will he's got a run fast and fly high and how does that many blades do and and Brian blades and roofed all the blades so folks I bet your O. J's got some insight into one in blades Paul Krugman writes fear of fraud which ought to be of interest to us in Florida There are a couple of an also available references to the fixed election in last night's speeches there by Gore and the some of the other And by Clinton who's pointed out again every vote counts It's election night early returns to just couple for the incumbent then mysteriously the vote count stops and Observors from the challengers can pay and see employees of a voting machine company One wearing a badge that identifies him as a county official typing instructions at computers with access to the vote tabulating software When the count was zoomed the incumbent pulls ahead the challenger demands an investigation But there are no ballots to recount and election officials allied with the incumbent refused to release data that could shed light Whether there was tampering with electronic records. This isn't paranoid fantasy It's a true account of a recent election in Riverside County, California reported by Andrew Gumble of the British newspaper the independent Mr. Gumble's full-length report put it in the LA city beat makes hair-raising reading Not just because it reinforces concerns about touch screen voting, but also because it shows how easily a face-less can stone wall after a suspect election Some states worried about the potential for abuse with voting machines that leave no paper trail of ban They're useless November, but Florida, which may well decide the presidential race is not among those states and last month state officials rejected Request to allow independent audits of the machines integrity for Bobby Wexler A spokesman for governor Jeff Bush accused those seeking audits of trying to undermine voters competent and declared the governor has every confidence in the Department of State and Division of the elections I mean if anybody can't see through this slight conflict of interest there The governor in other words the president's brothers that every confidence Should the publisher that confidence consider the felon list rights Paul Crdman Florida law denies the vote to convicted felons in 2000 the state of the state hired affirmed a purge supposed It fell in from list of registered voters these voters were turned away from the polls after the election Determined supposedly by 537 votes it became clear that thousands of people have been wrongly disenfranchised Since those misidentified as felons were disproportionately democratic leaning African Americans these areas May have put George W. Bush in a White House. Is there any doubt this year? Florida again hired a private company Accenture which recently got a whole man security contract with up to ten billion dollars to prepare a felon list Remember in 2000 journalists saw copies state officials don't wall but a judge eventually ordered list released The mommy hurled quickly discovered that 2,100 citizens who have been granted clemency Restoring their voting rights were nonetheless on the band voter list Then the Sarasota hero tribute discovered that only 61 or more than 47,000 suppose it fell in or Hispanic So the list would have wrongly disenfranchised many legitimate African American voters while wrongly in franchising many Hispanic felons It escaped nobody's attention that in Florida is Spanish voters tennis support Republicans After first denying any systematic problems state officials declared an innocent mistake They told Accenture to match a list of registered voters to felons flagging anyone whose name data birth and race was the same on both lists They didn't realize they said that this automatically would miss columns white andify themselves as Hispanic because that category exists on voter rules The not-in-state criminal records But employees have accompanied that prepared earlier fellow in the state they repeatedly warned state election officials about that very problem Let's not be coy Tired voices see what allowed independent examination of voting machines because he has every confidence in the hand-picked election officials Yet those officials have a history of slipshot performance and other matters related to voting and somehow their errors always end up favoring Republicans Why should anyone press their verdict on the integrity voting machines when another convenience state could deliver your public in victory in a high-stakes national election This should not be a partisan issue think about what a tainted election would do to a market sense of itself And it's rolled in the world in the face of official stole walling doubters probably wouldn't be able to prove one way or the other whether the old Congress distorted But if the result looks as great just most of the world and many Americans would believe the worst I'll soon write about what can be done in the fewest that remain But here's a first step if Governor Bush cares at all about the future of the nation as well as his families political forces He will allow that independent audience I'm holding my breath on you 1257 at 5.50 WQM the deals are heating up now in the 2000 for a mile a year is winding down Turn that old gas gusts that you driving a lot of new car truck that'll give you dependability and reliability Heard then head on down to Armstrong Toyota of homestead today. They're on US one just 20 minutes out to the 36 and it's worth the drive because they're gonna save you so many thousands on great new Toyota's Right now Armstrong Toyota home to this clean out all remaining 04s and passing great savings on the you you could at least an O4 camera Elisid and 48 mumps Just 200 79 bucks a month with no money down looking for great truck how about the Toyota to come on 4 by 4 It can be yours and you get a thousand dollars cash back from Toyota looking for the hottest new cars around Armstrong Toyota homestead is locally owned enough right? It'll just about stand on their head to make you happy customer There's service department is open late till eight week nights to make sure they get all your worked on for you and Armstrong Toyota home said was the first either off your free tariffs and batteries for life now the first to off your free replacement parts for life That's correct tires batteries and free parts for life Nobody know where it does that so for an unbeatable deal just see David rich the GM and Armstrong Toyota homestead today Armstrong Toyota homestead US one and two night third-speed and homestead Just 20 minutes south of the eighth 36 travel a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of homestead Hello, these are Jerry's and you know Over the distance you're in junior ages and one too now The baby oh Oh, that's the shorter Orlando blue you don't look here Now Neil's gonna rip you for four hours I've been asked to keep this in strict confidence but in case you want to run away We here Maybe we should take this call from our special guest Roberto Longo I'm sure that's Ricky boys guy that goes follow I'm sorry I want to walk in the middle We want to crush you One or three at five six you've nobody QM happy to do between so the weather is bad, huh? Yes, that ends bad here see that that's why we're in instinct today. We're on the same wavelength 600 20 votes Why do you think Ricky Williams is retiring? He just wants to smoke a little weed mine three hundred and four wants to be left alone no more drug tests I don't give her crap 92 because the coaches abozo 68 he wants to put a gay karaoke bar in Tokyo 57 32 He's off to Australia with his average in the frame 26 he's parents are getting slapped on the ass by big sweaty men back home 24 He wants to do something meaningful. What is life not just play games 10 and he wants to up OJ find a real killer seven I was six and twenty vote hotband JZ led the MTV music Video music award nomination today getting six nods for his video 90-9 problems From your favorite some sure oh yeah Beyonce no doubt an outcast I like our cast had five nominations each Beyonce was up for naughty girl and me myself and I No doubt was picked for this my life and outcast for hey, yeah And also they were under consideration for that one too Let's see you know doubt forget about them and Beyonce well Just to put some tape over her mouth Okay, or something and then remove it at the appropriate time The worst spectacle as much anticipated in Miami Where the show will be held August 29th at the Mickey Harrison Bogus Arena City officials and event planners are organizing private parties for the preening VIPs expected to flock to sunny South Florida This is the sun sent a little spin on it. This is their take filling hotels restaurants and night clubs It's the worst twenty first year, but the first time it'll be held outside LA or New York the VMAs the video music award Celebrate the year's best music videos, but the honors are usually upstage by scenes stealing celebrity presenters and performers like last year's on stage kiss between Madonna and Britain and keep in mind Elagana and Dennis Rodman not to mention some other very well. Oh, oh, who the hell's Brittany to talk anyway, right? Right anymore. Oh, brother She's got taste in her toy. That's no comment 5670560 pound five 60 on the 18 and see in Verizon wireless line. We're Ricky Williams intensive Willy Williams So if you weigh in hello Ricky searching for the offie coming there my that might be it. He's looking for the offie coma. I have no idea how you spell that though You What you in the building they've haigled is still there Huh, maybe currents knows how to spell it W to Q a and hello Q I want I want everybody to obsess over Jackie Williams Okay, are you starting let's obsess right now? Everybody upstairs And really a little bit Anybody named Williams Kind of think of that there was water no neck Williams used to play baseball for the Indians is the white sauce Anybody any other famous Williams is there's Mark Williams who grabs it wins a raceway There was Lou Williams. He's still dead The greatest black driver in harness racing history. You know him of course Any other Williams is there was Larry William sure fat fanny Vanessa Williams Vanessa Williams of course The Wayne Williams the first G and the the radio station that I first worked that and how about to man with a frozen head Ted Williams How could we forget? W Q a and hello. Hi now. Yes, sure. I'm Look confused that I've heard you reference here in Canada a lot of times when they showed you broadcast from there from Miami Part of the time I'm my Toronto part of the time I'm there and sometimes you never know where I am and George is in Miami He's right there. He's right in that yeah, he's in somewhere He's in my but if you you're in a action is incredible if you guys aren't sitting there with each other Listen when you've been doing it all these years, you know, it's just like fall off a long You know Well, it's not appreciate you guys and I'm heading to Toronto are you there now? Yes, I'm sorry right here in my lovely kind of an image yes Is that good? What is I'm going Friday for the car? Yeah, we can I'm leaving for and I'm leaving for your Friday so I'll wait to get the airport, okay? And they know you know where I can cop into on them have a great time on any street corner no problem Thanks, okay Have a good time any street corner Side streets thanks, please Yeah, no problem. Yeah, no, I'm fact I'm getting out just in time I may you don't think that's why I plan my vacation You're starting that weekend Same reason I don't go to the island's mine. I like I like you know, not that I'm preded you serrasing like that or maybe I am a little bit or maybe a lot I don't know but I like being what is at least a 10% white folks during a period of time Now I like also being where there's at least 10% had a researchers which is why I'm here a good part of the time We're getting close to 10% five six seven. Oh five sixty 556 the on a AT and C and Verizon wireless line. WQA and hello Neil yes, sir Ricky is quitting football to get Kobe off There's your ways not to get Kobe off Ha ha ha ha ha I see well, that's what I'm thinking about that, okay? Just that's that girl. Yeah WQA and hello Hello, Neil yes, sir Hey, you want maybe wants to cook Ricky wants to cook paying fine call to take pictures from mother watching in the slam and call so Thanks, okay You get all that? Call sucks. Yeah, that's what I got. Yeah, that's that's you look part of I got something about the slammer golf sucks and the pine cones in Back home something like that something about Martha Stewart to I think much Somebody QM line nine world famous hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you today? I'm great Listen, I just want to tell you that you guys a great great show. Yes, we do in our and our In our yes anyway Ricky Williams. He actually looking for the crown the true meaning of the crown But that's not what I call that call to tell you Neil that you got me on to this whole political thing I went my registered to vote and And just what it just what happened to me two weeks later. I had to go to jury duty But it is my civil duty and I did that they don't do jury duty by the name All drivers licenses No, no, no, they do it by a like a by a photo registration now that select the service and driver's license. I spoke to that But most both operable when you shouldn't have said that now a Josh wants him in his Said too late. I think he already said it in yeah. Well anyway Neil it's a pleasure listening to you I'm listening to live on the internet New Jersey because you know I'm a transplant from Florida to up to Jersey and The good news in that is you got out of Florida the second the bad news is look where you are but nothing's perfect Yeah, hey listen now Ricky Williams He can blow one okay, all right now the thing about the now Josh you already sent that in for your photo registration card, right? I did I haven't received anything though. Do you will? It's gonna be called jury duty summons Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Listen, I heard that if you could call for your jury duty definitely get you off That's the right around Yeah, we should have no relax once again. Back home have no fear, okay? He'll take care of Venice sports. Yeah 567. Oh, 560. 560. Oh, forget that's thanking when duck is back from vacation too Oh brother somebody's spanking his whole little time 12 minutes after one at five 60 WQA And when you're moving or renovating that's the best time to pick up your instrument make that easy tool free call 1 800 mattress make that first-ed you dream home heavily with a brand new top-puddy name brand mattress some dial-o-matchers You picked it eight in time for delivery to fit your moving schedule and dial-o-matchers on time 99.7% of the time Nobody know where's got a better selection of queen and king size mattress is ready for mediator Reath and our friends at dial-o-matchers. They be the best when you call 1 800 mattress right now You get a great mattress at an unbeatable discount price dial-o-matchers is ranked number one a customer set as tax labor winners of the 2004 Better business bureau local threats of excellence award when you call 1 800 Mattress you'll choose when they complete line of all the top names in the universe silly Sure, they're king-girl Simmons Tempority can't even stirrens and foster you it everybody around QA miss called a 100 mattress Haven't used in pre-years and next time you need a new mattress you ought to be doing the same Log onto their website mattress dot com or make that one easy call and they'll show up whenever you want You picked it to our window when they're there and do a fantastic job for you 1 800 mA TTR ES A HIV are no longer a concern you can mess easily now that your friendly pharmaceutical companies are working working vivers lay to combat. O-Geeze! With new Gemysil to illustrate the scourge of Toe-Geeze, we have cartoon characters recently cats, menu catch-ringed as smelly toe-Geeze. Gemysil effectively destroys. And my cartoon characters, leading your toes with a fresh aroma that any, put fetish-free food laws. Hmm. Side effects include. You're interested, you're figuring out a real good wild. So, what figure are under a face-man? Ask your doctor without Gemysil. Or call 1-800-To-Geeze. 1-800-To-Geeze. That's 1-800-To-Geeze. 1-800-To-Geeze. Are you listening? A man? That's said 1-800-To-Geeze. Go on, solid. 1-17, you see how many votes we got on a poll if it doesn't refer to quick? How about, oh, damn it. It's refreshing. Oh, that's bad, because that's going to be more. 6-6-6. Yeah, right now. 6-6, maybe. El Anticristol. A key. Oh, this is our, we had an website a couple of days ago. See, the problem is when you're only on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Thursday, we got a problem at a Marlon game with a free game of 12-30. Oh, that's a good problem. Oh, that's a good problem. Oh, but, so there are things that I would like to just mention and passing because I'm sure that we have a few people that don't scour our website. We'd all know stories and shame on you. Which is why a lot of people call this pretty stupid questions. Man sleeping in hospital for 17 hours was dead. Did you see this? Like, so this was a big weekend. Was it a waiting room? Yeah, yeah, that's how that's done. Middleberg height, did you talk about yesterday? Well, there you go. Middleberg height, El Hio, a man was found dead on a couch in a hospital lounge and nurse told police that nobody had checked that in for at least 17 hours because it looked like he was asleep. Robert F. Johnson, 55, went infosim, was found last Thursday. It's Southwest General Health Center. It wasn't clear when he died and not topsy was planned. Police chief John Maddox said Johnson probably had been dead for several hours and most likely, most likely, that initial causes. Of course, when you're in a hospital, you die, it could be of unantilacuses too. It's just unbelievable. And the label is why Robin Johnson said Friday. Somebody out of the hospital didn't notice that a man was laying there for such a long period of time and not moving. Why didn't anybody check? A hospital's scuffs were meant to tell each stand for decline to come in on the death. It's an unfortunate situation, but we're cooperating fully with all levels of the investigation she said. Nurse Lynnette, child, discovered through the morning that Johnson was dead, she told police that Johnson was fully dressed and curled with his face buried in a cushion, was discolored and cold, and that she had seen him on the same couch 17 hours earlier, another nurse said that she saw a man reclining on a couch late Wednesday. Robin Johnson said she had to see her husband since he left home Monday morning after an argument. Police believe he can't out of the hospital rather than return home. It was just the rest of there on the sofa. And would you think if you'd be safe anywhere, if something happened here, if you had some kind of an attack or something, wouldn't you be safe in a hospital when that be logical? You know the answer to that question. Having been let me tell you right now folks, don't go to the hospital as you have no choice. If you're like in some horrific accident, something like that, do not let them get your ass in a hospital. It's kind of like to watch more tell. Everybody checks in, but there are a whole lot who don't check out. Ask Morris give how he's doing. Don't eat that burger by the way Morris. Geez. If the beaties would have just been vegetarian, you know? Things would be held a lot better right now. They'd better took out the turn of things. Could be. 560560, pound 560 on a year, and was it still a thing where people are nervous about the beaties of music? Yeah, I guess it would be. Depending on where you're at and who you talk and says. Do you mean like a little of Anna? Well, I'm sure they love the beaties. It's disco, wait. Oh, that's right for God. 560560, pound 560 on a year, and of course there are a lot of them high pitch to squeaky voices in a little of Anna anyway. I like to want to call them. That one, you know? WQM, hello. Hey Neil, hi today. Pretty good. How are you doing? I was wondering since I ran the paper about shack and that he was going to be like, yeah, he was going to be like, you sack the claws for Christmas and he had to poison stuff. Where have you get a handout over to Miriam Orphan? Give her about seven grand or early Christmas for them for her. How the good news is she covered the check baby. Alright, Neil, is she covered that bounce check? Yeah, it was wondering for the guy who she probably got it from the cash? That's it. Exactly. He's going to be paying a lot of our bills is what I heard. And that was also wondering the guy who shot go boat of tiger. Just come around October 8th. If he goes to the ODC and pumped down about 21 panthers and for us out of that misery for the year. Okay. Alright, thank you. Good luck to you, pal. And that's bad. That was very bad. The ODC. I've never heard that before in my life review. They call the office deco center. So I really don't have any idea what it is. That was very bad. How much ago did you get to have you about that? I'm hearing some bad rumbling is too about that panther franchise. I'm hearing the organization is, well, if we do have a season, they're tower whenever hockey resumes again if the NHL finally gets to sack together, which is debatable for franchises in the US. Maybe on the way out, eh? That's what I'm hearing. Which 40 do you think they might be? I don't want to go into a hockey thing because that would be. Because of that. But it would seem to me the Florida panthers might definitely be one of them, you know? Absolutely. Because they're just as many real fans to put them in. You can keep making up numbers. Oh, look at this. Gary, bet when we had 25,000. Of course they win only holds about 20. But you can make any kind of numbers if you want. Put all them cardboard bodies and the seats and things like that. And give away thousands and thousands of free tickets. That doesn't get to John Don. WQAM, hello. Oh, I would day wasn't complete without old Ron. That's old Ron from the Paul and Ron show. Oh, I can't wait. You know something that book that I don't forget tomorrow just a fact because I don't want to have, I might not be in in-house. You might be in hospital. I might be in hospital, right? They do say that. I watch a lot of Canadian shows. Right. They go too hospital. I'm all the Brits say that too for whatever reason. But anyway, I guess that's why the Canadian is doing. We still got the Queen on the $20 bill. Just the effects. Just the, like, before they say everything here will go over them in the morning. No, no, but I'm telling him, I'm going to want those. I'm going to want the highlights. All right. Don't say save everything there because then you'll leave me in suspense. Now we want to, well, did some people make bonus to Ron. Oh, Paul, I'm not even important. Because the rumor I'm here is that that Jinks and Tex are whatever their names is from Jacksonville. And the last trend, they kicked their ass. Yeah, actually they all did that. With their redneck advice, sure. Whatever the thing is, right? That's Jinks and things. That's the default morning show for like of anything better. What's the fault with that? Because everything else sucks. Right. So there you go, Jinks and Link are kicking Paul and Ron's ass. And of course, they probably told when Stern went off here in the market, oh, we're going to put us on big and we're going to really, it's just, it's just amazing. It's astonishing. And if you really check out that myth, you super talk radio 940 website, promoting their Mishmash of ERA America and then it's going to have to do from, from no Fort Texas. Well, what's that guy's name Ed? What? Oh, it's Shulps. It's Shulps, right? You check out the website. There's going nothing there. But thank you for listening to all our sports list. There's from Fox and now we're changing the format this week. But we're not going to be anything to permanent on here. Because if ERA America goes on a business, it will probably change the call it is back to WRFS and put Roe on the show. Let me back on again. Who knows? If anybody doubts our seriousness when we thought of the Cheat 10 Raleh Fee, Antichrist of the Broadcast business, trust us when we tell you or not as a case maybe. Good. WQAM, hello. Do you think our success is a Ricky second of that he was going to get maybe a happy fine and maybe put on some probation? If that's why he's taken off? Something to ponder man. And what about maybe being tested for the performance and and saying, you know what? Oh no. He thinks so. Oh my God. We can only pray not. Not our Ricky Williams. He's, you know, he wants to go live as I can do whatever to hell he wants. He doesn't want to. He wants to play about these rules, you know? What do you think? To our rule, rule sucked. Too many rules, man. Spore the broad. Don't forget this Saturday and from on the hell out of this thing because you told me to. Okay. Or Josh told me to. Oh, Josh told you to tell me. That's how I told me to. And Miguel told Josh to tell the clearance to tell you to tell me. And perfectly told him to. And perfectly told the clearance to tell the girl. Join George this Saturday 2 to 4 at Riva Motorsports Segway. Located at a Black North of San Francisco road in on Dixie Highway. And while you're there, you can register to win a free Segway human transportation device. There's neat little things that's like zippy all around. The QMQDs will be there and food will be provided by Lanny City Sub. Get there early for the food because no matter where George goes, they always hop up that food really early as soon as whoever. You know, I was not there anymore either. Lanny City Sub. He's done spreading that rumor around that I was no longer there. Who now who is there? Do we know who the person is? There's a couple guys that are contact people there, but I can't remember their names. Well, fine, out who they are. Maybe they happen to be nice guys. The food there is excellent. Sure. And how much is nice to enjoy so much? There's no letters. There's no letters. I'm going to bulletin board back there. That was my favorite. Yeah, it's still there. The one about my nose effect. That was great. Hey, speaking of food. See, I've been speaking about food. I'm just doing fantastic. I've lost that, uh, lost that urge man that sugar thing. It was killing me. Gonna put me in the box. I've blood sugar, or sensational. I've met you within a week. I'm not taking any more glini. It's no more blood sugar medication. I don't like to have a pill a day like nothing. If you're tired of hearing about the low carb epidemic that's going on, if you try to cook for it, then wasted the money, hated the food, and didn't even get the results you were looking for, you've heard us talk on a show about balance for life for a long time now for a tune zase. It's come up with an unbelievable way on the available to afford the program for $5 off the regular daily price. This is not a special list for real. A lifetime membership to balance for life. Anytime you want to enjoy the service, you can resign at the membership price. What if I told you that you can have the company prepare your three meals in two snacks every day? Well, that's what they do. What if I told you that all the meals are based on the successful zone diet by Dr. Barry Sears? What if I told you that they'll even deliver it right through your doorstep? What if I told you that they give you a menu so you can make your own choices by the way that the only company loves you have choices for each meal? What if I told you that you will lose weight if you stick to it, that you will lower your cholesterol, that you will lower your blood pressure, and that it will help your diabetes? I know it sounds too good to be true, but it is true because we got a lot of folks out there losing weight like crazy. I'm balanced for life. In fact, I'm losing an average of 15 pounds per month. You could be doing the same. So why wait call right now toll free? 1, 866, 225, 4543. Say it again. 1, 866, 225, 4543, or even easier go to their website balance for life.com. 1, 866, 425, 666, 225, 666, 225, 666, 225, 666, 225, 666, 225, 666, 225, 666, 225, 666, 225, 666, 225, 666, 225, 666, 225, 666, 225, 666, 225, 666, 225, 666, 225, 666, 666, 225, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 666, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 866, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 666, 766, 966, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, 766, poohhhhhhhhhhhhh it's so exciting! of proving that free speech just isn't free. The clear channels have dear channel, so how it's done must go. A journey general has come, goes and likes, strong words and so. He's charging twice as much as all the drugs for roughly low. So, if you want to sell them, re-much. So, you very much, dear Mr. Bush. Or you'll row it a little bit, sit in on your church. Rectom, for Halle Burton and Ron O'Neill, the company's so pale. Let's send them a clear signal, I'm sick Martha straight in jail. He's an opportunity, rich bitch, and a race he isn't. So, if you want to sell them very much. And so, you think for us to change me too. Thank you, and everything you do. Your pace may come as be a faith. You haven't got a lot. As far as I'm concerned, your just a face if I still find. And as for conundle these achieves it into like two stars. So, you'll show their remorse. So, you very much, dear PM. For giving all the taskers all away. If really it's a fumber, when I come through my humber, to go zones and no ghosts are now the animals here to save. So, you'll hear it, the games are going to take place in LA. So, you also very much, so, you know, so what the planet fails. Let's save the great white male. You also very much. 27 or two mad dog at two o'clock. So, land out, writes, worship passes, Reagan, worse president in US history. Oh! Email is great, he says it offers opportunities to vote for almost everything. And when prizes, you can't sue email on your favorite brand of condom or present of the US. You can vote for anything.com or some such website. So, give promises of thousands of dollars deposited in your account and play a video black check while voting for the best and worst presidents. These votes, how about as much as my November votes, but voting is fun, even virtual voting. So, I chose George W. Bush as worse present US history. How will the rest of America judge him? Bush dies of premature saloonity, led by the media fundamentalist clergy and political manipulators. The nation officially remembered him as a liberator of Iraq and savior of the US from Iraqi strong man, Sodom Hussein's threat weapons of mass destruction likes to the terrorist al-Qaeda. When no weapons materialized, Bush patronally told an Oakwood Tennessee crowd image lie, so I had a choice to make, even a mistake to board of a mad man or defend America. Given that choice, I will defend America. Historians will know how quickly Bush was unique forms of verbal expression and as the economic wizard whose tax cuts magically helped the poor by giving some of their mind to the rich. The moral is to try desperately to stop game marriages and offer cash incentives for poor heterosexuals to marry. Bush surpassed Reagan and catering to his offer right when constituencies wishes. By opposing stem cell research and other useful projects he incur the wrath of scientists, including Nobel laureates, a complaint about Bush using religious dogma to interfere with scientific research, but Bush stood up to them despite even anti-Ragans' support of stem cell research. Bush's surpassed Reagan's anti-environmental vision. Reagan's seated decorporate wishes don't spend money on areas that don't yield profits on the environment. Bush even looked beyond Earth's environment to Mars where he wants to launch settlements. Bush also went beyond Reagan and diminishing meaningful parts of government, public education, health, transportation. His Reagan is aware of some credit for Bush's accomplishments. When Reagan seemingly in-intermanable theater-related last month, I said to myself that the public now won't have the Gipper to kick around until, of course, the fifth, 20th and 20th anniversary of his death. That's the way history gets reported in the age of TV news. Instead of reminding the public about the impact of Reagan's deeds on nation, the environment and the world, punish politicians and preachers offered factless U-ologies, exalting the virtues of a person who showed us how charming distortion could be a sisterly, and how elegantly idiocy could be phrased posing as fact. Who could not marvel at Reagan's proclamation? We stole the Panama Canal and its ours. Or they send an east as our two-day march from Holland in Texas. A few ill-herty ill-human residents of Holland in the left, one-witty line, the conference of the moral equivalent of our founding fathers confused the finest scholars. Did Reagan not know that the conference tortured murdered subidians as instructed by the CIA manuals, or did he mean that the founding fathers advocated murder and torture? Reagan also assured loyalty. He's getting a raw veal, he said in 1985 of Guatemala and President General, a frame reo-smore. Accusing, accused of having authorized the slaughter of thousands of Guatemala who is massive evidence to support the charges, and he pardoned Iran counterfeels from his own administration while intentioning guys. I'm not going to read the rest of it because I'm not reading well. I'm just like, uh, too long for a week of two-fast. It's on our website, Saul Landau, Bush of Passenger's Reagan, worse president of U.S. history. But third man! Right, preceding him. 567-0560, town 560 on it. It's just that when you try to read two-fast, you look at it at the clock, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. And you're combing the bumbling. No, you don't know what I'm saying because you don't read these. Why don't you read it from the bumbling bumbling bumbling? Yeah. But it's just too long. 567-0560, town 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line, searching for the reason that Ricky Williams is departing. Why would anybody want to leave such a fantastic place? Paradise. Go to QA and hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good? Well, then you got to explain dirty sanches. Yeah. We're on the outside looking in. Well, I don't think I can on the air. Well, I mean, try to try to use a little bit of imagination. Right. All right. Let's go with... Oh, I know. No. No. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. His name is Rick, okay? He doesn't even end. Anybody ever... Well, I'm not a CM, I'm not going to ask that question either. Because Joe's like, no way. I'm probably not. I'm probably not. And it just keeps getting deeper. Where is this shovel? So I can dig my way out. Man, oh, man. Am I glad we got it in this? Not. Let's take a look at that told result. I don't think anybody will move to guy the car called him. That on the way out, you know. What a f***. Yeah. Why do you think Ricky Williams is retiring? That's our pull question. He's 725, not a bad total of votes. He just wants to smoke weed. 342. He's a lot more of those damn drug tests. Economic, political, and social views. Leaving ordinary citizens to fence of themselves on important matters like health care and retirement security. Now since most Americans aren't that far to the right, our friends have to portray us Democrats as simply unacceptable, lacking in strength and values. In other words, they need a divide of America. But we don't. I was going, blah, blah. Well, he was great last night. I wish he was seen him. Me too. For me, it turned it on. I mean, I know you were all like 10 pieces. I was just going to take two. Can you imagine the scene if I had reached for one of those TVs and changed the car? I'll give you a full scale of all the games to the state to all my goodness. Oh my god. Sorry. Anyway, this wants to smoke a little gong. Traveling 46 on Ricky Williams thing. I don't give a crap. 114 say that 15 to half percent of just sick and tired of all of this. FIRE and Ricky and Willie Williams. All of this swill. They had it. Because the coaches have both over 80. He wants to open a gay karaoke bar in Tokyo 65. And then of course, 37. He's also a straightaway. He's a straightaway with his average and he's a friend 28. He started getting slapped on the S.B. Big sweaty man 26. He wants to have old day find a real killer 19. Or he wants to do something meaningful with his life. Not just play a bunch of silly ass games on the 18. I have to promise him. How many of you can weigh him? Hello. Hey man. For you. Great. No. Listen. Our flag is just. So I have it beyond. And I have to like a scoop. He might as we treat them. And no more. That's what I hear that. That's the topic of conversation. The Al Franken's survey is nothing. That's the Spy Report I'm getting. Nothing. Splled off. Yeah. Chatter. Banner. Right. And I'm not Bill O'Reilly. And I'm not Bill O'Reilly. I'm not ready to take any of these things. I'm ready to take any of these things. Anyway, try to altule at 5.60 Q.A.M. I know that the Lord even loves the O'Reilly. I'd be the hour-less thing, though. They definitely tied up an Al Franken job. The Flagship Show of Aramaica. I have a comedy bit here. That's the wrong. What you hear it is. Right. It's funny guy. He has blotters too. He's the old right to show. Flag, Flag. That was that sentiment from August Belch, who lives across from the Peter Town, USA and Garfield, New Jersey. A very, very talented individual. Thank you for that. I'll have my old friend Tom Davis on the phone. Hi Tom. People leave out bad. This is just awful. I'm ashamed of never being associated with you. Well, the latest armatron shows us as number one against dinner. Oh, steak! To the heart of Tom, that Tom always such a panic. Ah, joining me in a studio today, and sitting across the desk from me is the author of Deep Fried Ham and Butterbeams. Mr. Larry is a high-deal. So, the old thing blows his entire life. I know my own, I'm just using baby's so thin. Yeah, it's nice to know that. But you're still alive. You're a hungry child. You like some macaroni and cheese. I got some cooking right off the aisle. Ah, ah, ah, ah. That old baby, make me not be so weird. When I eat that so-so-my-time, it will think that the smell is apple-down you know. It's just amazing how people you never really cared about all that much before. Suddenly, they're transformed into people you just are wild about. Like, Dylan? Yeah. And Mo. No, no, no, no. In-gbuilding. Mr. W. Kuhem, the mad dog who's going to be really a whip-up into her friends. You turned about the Ricky Williams thing. Now that we finished with day after day of our... Now we are the warm turns in a different direction. Speaking of that, the warm turning. Where is wedding? Is this Kabbalah Kabbalah? Kabbalah. Kabbalah. See, I don't know anything about that. That's you stuff. Brittany Spears, who's first marriage in January, last year, just 55 hours, is to wait again, a Kabbalah ceremony. Friends, say the 22-year-old singer was set aside a week in, in the autumn-marry fiance Kevin Fetterline, who she began dating neighbor. He's Jewish. Circumcised. What would be the first celebrity Kabbalah marriage and could take place beneath the traditional Jewish canopy known as the Chupa? Kabbalah. How do you say that? For the center that I have asked you about Jewish things. If it's for now it's Chupa. Kabbalah. Maybe it's Kupa. No, I don't know what that is. The Jewish canopy known as the Chulupa. With wedding. With wedding vows inspired by the cult religion. The fate taken up by misqueers is also favored by Madonna. Kyuruchi and Demi Moore. Well, that explains these all my questions. Misqueers' parents are said to be horrified at the prospect and is devout backed as to urging her to plan a ceremony reflecting their phrase. I'd like to have to go in my whipped up into a frenzy about this. There's some resistance from her family, the family, the family, the family, the family, the family, the way that we incorporate elements from both states to make everybody happy. The singer was turned to Kabbalah after a dramatic few months in which a senior cancel a world tour following the injury. Now she's fallen for 26 year old Fetterline, a dancer who's ex-girlfriend, char Jackson gave birth on in last week to a second child. That he heard her going. He's on, you know, huh? It's her fourth child. And his second. Yes. And nobody is married yet. The following number of federal manses misqueers said of early years on with Fetterline that she'd kissed a lot of frogs and finally found a prince. Oh, God. She's kissed a lot of frogs and finally found a prince. The stresses of the past year have already taken their toll on forbred and he should have photographed earlier this month, a curly unfit overweight and with pimples on her face. Now back in there wouldn't have said face. I would have said something else but I probably won't now. Their first wedding earlier this year was held at the road so well we know that. Jason Alexander and she said, or take a look at that and got ran away. So they're getting married underneath the economy known as the Chalupa. What is that? Chupa? Chupa? I don't know. Kabbalah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. There's a period. Five, six, seven, five, 60. I think it was what that guy was trying to call for his senses. How in five, 60 on 80 or 30 and Verizon, where was that line? Here's our only call right now. QA and hello. But George on his little cull. Oh, God. The whisperer, I haven't heard from him at a coupons age, you know what? I have. Oh, have you really? Every day. When he likes you a lot, I mean when we were put George on again tomorrow's matter of fact, that couldn't is. Thank the Lord. Yeah. I've been listening him like a gigantic tumor I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean that's not going to say that as well. That's good to see first of all. How is that? Well, don't you want to have your answer? Well, no, yeah, I mean, I mean, but like, I mean, I mean, I am not comming as które quesitata I guess that was it. Well, what did I say to scare him off all I said was who the hell is that? I guess now we know. Somebody QM hello. The guy that Mo is at Mo Bandie, what is that guy that they had on CNN last night that screaming flaming queen a king keeps putting on? What is the problem? No, no, yeah, both needles illegitimate brother. Where do they find? Where do they dig up these people? Nothing like just making us, you know here. Here's probably the most important presidential election in the history of this country I would say and a lot of other people agree. And what we are we are we racko every goofball because television will never change it's always just it is it's like a carnival like a circus like how are bill would say if he could. You think he could? If he was I guess he could have been restilled a lot. I'm a father. Oh, my god, I think he did it. 150 to a five 60 QAM. 2 a.m. Don't like all the heart first. Don't go so every time I see. Don't go, don't go. 3 a.m. He's president. Reported muscle. And in our take. I don't know why. 3 a.m. 1 to 7. He's a person. He's a person. He's a person. He's a person. He's a person. Oh, what are you doing? He's got MOLK once more. And guess who we were going to call. Oh, what? If you want this. Don't go, don't go, it's from a stupid. I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna go home, I Get excited, Old Christmasweek, Old Christmas millimeters headhead to this great Championship. That was pretty good. The best way to watch the Scratch I did was every soap product my party is I was last night. I would agree with that, it was really impressive. Old'...old' was dignified, Hillary was unterdibly restrained, built in one of the greatest features of historical career yada. Many says ...� westboard electors at P Bel merry courts, which I do get here, here the good news Gregory is though we don't get Fox News so even if I wanted to I won't be watching or rally with Michael Moore and even if I had it I still wouldn't watch it to him say what do you say? I will not watch Fox News under any circumstances under penalty of death. 776 votes are the pull why do you think Ricky Williams is retiring and I guarantee the mad dog is hurt. We've talked up to a friend about this he's got a lot of insight and outside. He just wants to smoke the wacky weed 360 forward one no more drug tests. I don't give a crap hundred and twenty-four because the coaches of Bozo 82 which goes without sin he wants to open a gay karaoke bar in Tokyo 67 and of course 37 to much attention for old hat's right. Get him back in alignment he's starting to get any slept on the S by big sweaty man 29 he's off to our straight with his average in the friend 28 he wants to do something meaningful that's his play games 23 he wants to help old j find a real killer out of the course of course 22 baby