That's good. Good. Could you quit by Theresa LeBord? I'm gonna vote for you now, more. We can have all of you, Chad. You got no job now, more. So back yet, test him, Mosey, out of the door. Yes, open, scat key, hard. We can't treat you, yeast inspection. I don't think I got a man jimmy. We had enough one legions lost by you. You know, it's over us, man. You know, we're all done so in a sound. So put in the hell on the top. You're not well-humoured, why are we? It's time. And Patio, Patin, he went to jail with the cheating state. How does one legality do rig the poor little cow? It was just stupid bitch of my son that I was to do. Like massive, give you, you silly, to win. What was that word? It's 10 o'clock at 5.60 WQ. I'm just a com, okay, just relax. All the panic in history is totally unnecessary. Do not do one thing, do not call 911. I'm right to news deal with there are enormous numbers of morons out there. I mean, if you have an illegitimate emergency that you would call 911-4, then by all means go ahead and do it. But I got all kinds of other phone numbers here. Immersed with hot lines for the aid and broward and for evacuation routes. There's a toll free number and we got those numbers. But do not call 911. Do not panic. Do not get hysterical. Do not watch I see men's on channel 6 because he's an old-fuddy that he fool and they ought to like Howard Beal. I have sent somebody in there to drag him off the set about half an hour ago. As he was reminiscing about Hurricane Andrew and how it made this sudden let turn and did it. Just shut up already. Okay, there's Miss Kamal. Don't get excited or panic. You know when I just said, there you go. Oh, what would you call his friend? 8 AM advisory of 23 to 73.5. When's of 145? So that's come up from the 5 o'clock advisory. The pressure 939-450 away from southeast Florida for 70 away from West Palm Beach. It is forecast to move into parts of Florida over the Friday Saturday time frame. But again, this cone represents any point in this cone. It represents a potential target for this source. You come at these particular intervals. So you cannot focus on just the center part of the cone. We always tell you that anywhere in that cone is possible over the next couple of days. Okay, within the hour we'll have another updated advisory. And we'll give you the coordinates and all that stuff. Yeah, we're just going to try to pass along some information here to the knocking everybody whipped up into a frenzy. Not getting hysterical, right? We got to Marlon Game Pregame at 1235. I just checked the weather in New York just to be on the safe side. Clear and it's going to be 77 in New York today. What's up? I'm off to an out there in the hallway. Close and door for us. Why do you want to do that? There's a button out there. They're using the book doors that book there. Why are they doing that? There's one thing that's going to show up here. Why are they doing that? They're probably spying us. Anyway, I got a good idea. Why would we just all sit around have a good cry? What'd you feel a lot better if we do that? I think that makes all the sense of the world of me. Let's just everybody sit around. Come on, Yelding. Everybody have a good cry. Order is Ms. Kamala again. Making landfall and taking the cord just off shore. All these possibilities exist. But the models yesterday that were anywhere from the Gulf to the Carolina coast have now come back to anywhere from the Gulf to parts of North Central Florida. So the cone has narrowed into Florida and into the Gulf of Mexico. But having said that, the cone could widen again and get back up into the Carolina. We're not as a case may be. See, this is what kills me. I'm not going to pick on, although I do it a pull on who you think is doing the best job on this stuff. Okay, might as well. But it's just after Charlie, because there were a lot of people left with Egg on their post after Hurricane Charlie. And so as we saw now, you'll notice that everybody is vending over backward like contortionists trying to make sure that they don't have Egg on their face again. Trying to see why a covered their big fat ass. I do want to make one comment before I do anything else that is that you people are clear channel are the anti-Christ. Thanks for the food again. How is we love you? Thank God they're open man. But if you want a new station, this is not the market you'll find it anymore. Speaking of Andrew, which buddy, that old I seeman's wasn't NBC 60. He really needs to be put away somewhere in a straight jacket till everything goes by. Thanks Robert. But what's the pun of time back in the day? Now, were you there at that point or not when we had August 92 in Hurricane Andrew Hitt? Of course I was. And we had like Chuck Meyer and Henry Merrill and Jennifer Rem and Tom Hopkins and the whole. We had a real news department at WIOD. We don't have it here and I'm not going to pretend that we have anything here. We had a TV say, you know, there's Miss Kamali somewhere. So we'll keep you like whether network, whether channel channel 10, I'll just flip it around. But back in that day, we got a lot of kudos for doing a hell of a job. Family members, staff the information center in the conference room. Remember they all had telephones. Everybody's family members came and we had got special room set up with telephone numbers for people to call the information. Because a lot of people especially done, you know, Saturday where they took the big hit. Right. We're in a panic. They didn't know who to call what to do. So I raised boards with information. They phenomenal. So I'm going to pretend that here because we got Howard Stern, which is actually he's talking about less. What else? All right. So I'm coming to work this morning. I'm thinking, well, where am I going to tune in to find out the latest coordinates? You know, let me for a to clock. And W. I would be in clear channel. They don't give you news anymore. They threaten that they're going to give you news. And I'm not impressed by Michael. He's got a wonderful voice. You know, Michael, but the her, okay, and all the set of crap. And they never give you anything. All they do is pretend that they're going to give you information. They did carry the Broward press conference, but other than that, they gave us no information. And they had Miss McGlocklan on there. And he was carrying on about, oh, we've got it. We know where the gas stations are. We know where the they're not telling you where it is. But they're teasing you. See, I don't think this is the time for teasing. No, I could be wrong about that. This ain't the season for teasing. Audio idiots. You morons over there. So what it is, Grace, how the mighty have fallen. And I think that in a market like this, and you wonder, We're, we're, we're not going to go for some information. I mean, my car. I am, but the only, you know, I think I got his radio. Where am I going to tune in? Also, I'm getting on the turn pack. I'm on the turn pack. Getting ready to do a get down here. And I look ahead. Luckily, luckily, being one of those people. It's always like peeking around. I see, I'm right around Griffin Road on the turn pack. This massive, everybody stopped. I get off at Griffin Road, came down 441, piece of cake. If I hadn't seen it, I probably still be sitting out there. Did I hear anything about it on WIOD on our news station? Oh, you people are clear channel man. You may talk a good game. You may have all the right connections in Washington, but you're much a grave robber. You're in embarrassment to this business. Information runs with bacon. Yeah, as well as other bacon is great. Thanks again, how is? Oh, speaking of Teresa LePore, and a bizarre twist. The election that caused supervisor of elections to reach a LePore, who job became a mild yesterday, and a major vote counting problem. When thousands of absentee ballots were counted twice. They're all just to make it. And she still got her ass beat. How do you like that? Palm Beach County voters cast 31,130 at absentee ballots. Tuesday, but when accounting was done early yesterday morning, the total show 37,000, the next year is 6701. And the rich still couldn't win it. How do you like that? She didn't learn from Catherine Harris and the jepter. And by the way, the reason that the state of Florida is getting, we had Charlie, a couple weeks ago, and now we're getting somewhere in Florida, Francis almost sure. Right. Certainly. Because God has pissed off at Fat Ask Governor Zoday, Catherine Harris, for stealing the 2000 election, all the crap that's gone down in between. If those fakers can make claims like that, then certainly we can't help. Can't we? Pat Robertson's always heard about God has pissed off at the Fags and Gades and the New World and the... He's pissed off for that in Orlando. He's pissed it, Jed. And he's pissed it to Fat Ask Governor. That's exactly right. I'm just telling you that right now. If you don't believe me, that's up to you. Anyway, here's the appell result from yesterday. We'll get this off at Irina. We'll put the new one up. And then we'll just, like I said, pass on some information. Huh? But we got the fucking Charlie 1235. The way it looks right now is that nothing any of us are going to be here tomorrow because we're going to put on the audio from Channel 10 or somebody. Our partners at Channel 10. On this show, we like to spread it around a little bit. Although I do happen to know who Don always. Huh? That was another embarrassment. You could write a book when a whole thing is over just about this week. All the crap that's been going down. Pretty, pretty, pretty weak. How do you rate George W. Bush's first term as president? We asked yesterday? It better be his last. When's by a long shot on a 1734 votes. 800 of you said, it better be his last. 800 votes even. A disaster 286. The worst ever, 262, and that was the late add-on. Outstanding 126. That's the 7.2%. Week, 81. He's weak. He's good. 81. MediaOKR 52. OK. 46. How the 1734 votes. This crowd ate too much in the Bush-Mise. OK? They're not too much in that. OK. Here are the coordinates. Here's the view. And again, we'll get a new one of these in about half hour 35, 40 minutes. And we got all the TV going here. If actually, again, do a Jeff Cohen for the original TV that you just set up there, which if we didn't have that one, this one would be sitting there right now either. And we wouldn't be able to like push stuff on you. That would have a VCR combo. Right. Well, this is because this is cheaper because they had to pay for it. Great. A hurricane warning remains an effect for all of the Bahamas and for the Turks and K. Coast Island. Hurricane warning, well, we know what it means. Hurricane watches an effect for the Florida East Coast from Craig Keynors, where the flag were beefed, including Lake Oca Chobi. And the idiot on the weather channel, it's not Oki Chobi. You moron. It's Oca Chobi. Jack asked. A hurricane watch means that hurricane conditions are possible within the Watcher to regenerally within the 36 hours. And when the next advice with the 11A in comes out, it looks like they're going to change it to a for at least parts of South Florida to a hurricane warning. But we can wait, right? We don't have to like assume they're going to do this. And the colon is going to be we can wait. While you people around there, actually making your preparations, putting up your shutters in your play would getting all your batteries and your generators, whatever's left. Driving around wasting gas, looking for gas stations where you can get gas, which you won't. But in the meantime, we'll just pass it along. Don't have to worry about getting batteries for your radio. It would be the point. Putting you by that. Were they going to get in for any information up the radio? Because we'll put the TV on. Well, okay. I'm starting late this evening and through the late two. Early morning hours. That's what it's like here now. We're just getting ready to pull out of where we've been staying to to go. I think we can say that on here anymore. Can we? Can we? I'm easily. We can get ready. They are taking the storm. Very, very seriously. We just want to go into a panic depressing moment. We're taking it very seriously too. We just want to go into a panic depressing moment. We don't want to sit around and cry. There's some people out. You know, other parts of the building are sitting around crying. Anyway, at either clock this morning, I or Hurricane Francis will locate a new letter to 23.2 north. Longitude 73.5 west or about 80 miles. South East is San Salvador Island in the Bahamas. About 800 and 70 miles east southeast of Palm Beach. Now they were looking if there was a straight line between where it is now. And when it the eye hit the shore, it would have been Jupiter in wood. But it doesn't move in a straight line. I guess I mentioned that in passing move in a gay line. Probably why they're saying Palm Beach. Francis is still moving. I'm gagging on the baker. It's great, but it's a little bit on the crispy side. We're trying to talk to each other. But it's not because of crying. That's another part of the building. They're crying. Francis is moving toward the. The west north west near 13 miles an hour. And this motion is expected to continue for the next 24 hours. On this track, the large core of Francis will continue to move near or over the southeast. In Bahamas this morning, near the central Bahamas this afternoon and evening. Starting tonight for us here in the south floor. It's going to start getting worse. Gonna start feeling the first effect. See the outer bands, the boys in the outer bands. Right. And by the way, who's that kid on channel seven? I think they picked him up 79th in this game. Huh? What are the, what's the numbers picked him up? No, I didn't look for them either. I don't think, but that's because he's totally useless. He has no idea. He looks pretty good though. Francis remains a category for hurricane on the surface. Simpson hurricane scale. A sustained maximum sustained winds about 145 miles an hour with higher gusts. Fluctuations and intensity expected during the next 24 hours. So again, do not call 911. Oh, Howard County this morning, or today, I'm a mandatory evacuation of all mobile homes in Berior Island starting a tour clock this afternoon. Strongly recommended that people live east of federal highway also speaks safe shelter. My own personal suggestion if you live in a mobile home anywhere in South Florida with an ass out of my voice, went and doubt. Get the hell out. Right. Huh? Mobile homes are not designed with stand heavy winds, torrential rains, much less hurricanes. The things out is that they're called mobile and they become mobile. Makes me hurricane. Whether you want them to or not. The order covers about 250,000 residents and Tony Carpour Browards Director of Emergency Management says the county was ready to open additional shelters. If the ones already designated to come to crowded. Right wing sheriff Ken Jenney also says emergency officials in all South Florida counties are preparing to coordinate their efforts to respond to the worsted areas and that essential gear was being moved to safer areas. Uh, hurricane muckers were extended today to a 230 miles stretch from Craig Kee to Flagler Beach. Nearly a half a million people were ordered to leave their homes by the Santa Nun. Fed ass governor, Jeff Bush is already declared as state of emergency for all of Florida ward. More evacuations are possible. So we're keeping our eye on it. Now here's the state information line, toll free number for evacuating motorists. If you're going to get in your car and go somewhere, you want to find out which are the best routes and which ones are open and that's et cetera. 1 800 3 4 2 35 57 1 800 3 4 2 35 35 35 35 35 37. Now, Broward and Dave, do we have a Palm Beach number? We have a month. There we do. How do you like that? The rumor control lines? And let me say it again. Do not call 911. I'm asking about that. But there are a lot of really stupid people out there. Okay. Those are ones who went to the supermarket three days ago and bought up every bottle of water inside and all the canned peaches because I made a joke about fine canned peaches. It heavy syrup. See, one thing if he didn't have canned peaches and maybe wild diarrhea and it's probably not a really good idea to weigh things may go in certain parts of the state. But that's the way they make it. Right. Exactly. Anyway, the rumor control lines in the Dave County 305 468 5900. The Metro Answer Center 305 468 5900 or 305 468 5402 468 5402 in Broward. They have a customer service number emergency number. They have questions. Do not call 911 call 954 8314000. In Broward 954 8314000 in Monroe County. 800. 955 5504. That's in Monroe 955 50504. An impombage county 561 712 6400. 712 6400 in Palm Beach County. You're going to have all kinds of mavens on their Tony that it's going to do this. It's going to do that. The best thing that they can say is they haven't got it. You know, they, they, I won't say they haven't got a clue, but they just don't know. Because it's 400, I would say probably what about 450 miles now. They're about East southeast of Palm Beach. And as a result, they're all kinds of different things that can happen between then and whenever it hits land of where that's going to be. So the idea that you're watching all these hysterical people and some are more responsible than others, you know, just stay calm, just relax and, you know, we'll bring your flowers. Now here's today's pool of question. And have a good cry by the way, while all this is going on because a lot of people here at 2am are having a good cry in a hallway. They get very distraught. If somebody farts the wrong flavor in a hallway, they start crying about it. Their eyes water up and maybe, maybe it was fatful. I could understand that, you know, after it's performance here, they have a full full bed. That was a, below and beneath the, a coledudi. In fact, right about a bedline, duty, these San Francisco, I think, was about. Okay, here's a poll question, who's done the best job giving out hurricane information on Francis so far? And I'm thinking about TV. Yeah, because certainly, we're going to try to do the best we can, but all of our information is going to be there from, you know, the internet or from TV. Because we don't even, we don't have a news wire. We don't even have like a string around there, we can run around on the streets. And as they're saying, bad coming, we have nothing. We don't have a live wire. We're just saying, well, look out the window and say, and we don't lie about that. We don't pretend that we're like a news operation, like I would deep for tens. And of course, they're living in a past they used to be when they had like real news people there. As opposed to silly people wearing big broad room hats, talking and missing around and pretending to be news people. That's how it, what? That's how it's, they don't have news people. They have my call for the centaurian voice. And what if you listen long enough, maybe we'll give you some information. They, they, they, they, they do his T's. They never tell you when they think they just keep telling if they're like, Victor Borgher, remember he used to push her. He was in a piano and he just kept throwing more one lineers out there. And he would, their hands almost would touch the keys. Ha ha ha ha. Not the Florida keys, but the keys of the piano. And then just before we start playing a mirror, all in, by the way, here comes another one lineer. It's the same thing with IOD. They keep teasing you that they're going to give you all this tremendous, valuable information. And they never tell you anything. And that's because David Ross and Ron are thankful and people. Here there are a bunch of assassins. They've destroyed this radio business and they should rot in hell. So you have to say that about them. Yeah. I just did say, I hope you glad to see it again. Here's Todd and Holly, what it says got also got P. Oden fired up when George W. The nominee of the S. Maros Santa Belt, a new this C.I. ahead. Uh, yeah, yeah, what are you saying? And he writes on a bottom here something about Oki Chubi. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, so they really had some guy on there on the web of the channel. Well, he's probably sitting up in a land near New York somewhere. What does he know about Oki? Oki Dokey. Yeah. Yeah. We're just Oki Dokey down here. Leave us alone. So the weather in New York is good. 1235. We got Marlins on deck and pregame. Showed him Marlins at the Metz, the Red Hot Marlins who are now just two count them. Or my wrong. So two or three. I know you're not asking me. Because the Cubs pulled out game out last night and extra innings. And the Cubs did not even fly here by the way. After the game in Montreal last night, they flew back to Chicago. So people that are planning on at Marlins Cubs series this weekend. I wouldn't get to. I wouldn't go talking to Miguel asking for the tickets. You know what I mean? Because they're going to be kind of useless. Who is done the best job giving out what information I'll tell me if I'm leaving anybody out. Please. I got the weather channel. Brian or Cros. Bill Kamal. Roland Stedham. That's on channel six. He's pretty good. He's all right. Bad hair. But he's all right. I'm not talking about what he looks like. Okay. He's not my type. Don't know. Don. No. Or the all suck. That does the six choices. Now I'm leaving anybody prominent out. I don't want to put people around. Two week before Bob sopper. Our good friend Bob sopper. He was on this morning. Okay. And I was just watching. What's your name? Her error. I can't think of her first name. Now Jen Her error. I think on channel 10. She's a primary weather person. Jen. Well, you're going to have to put these on. You're sitting there talking to me like these are going to be honored by May. Well, let me get to that page. It'll only take an hour. I see. So anyway, we'll add a couple more. Eric's already got the basic of this. Now who I got to put on here? I'm going to say don't know just because we like him. Okay. Because we have that affiliation with channel 10. Nothing. We want to horror ourselves or anything like that. What do we? Yeah. Now he's doing a good job. And he's not hysterical. I think Roland stood up on six. He's doing good. Miss Kamal is like, I don't know. It's like she wants to give a little bit hysterical. Trying to keep trying to break like the cone. You know, trying to bring it back. Where it is now and where it's supposed to be. Yeah, we know. And then by the way, even Keer, okay. Mr. Kamal will be a real good idea. A lot of people are under pressure. We're counting on you. Bill, okay. We're counting on you desperately. Try to stay very calm. Cool. Collected those later tomorrow in the Saturday timeframe. If somebody comes in, tell me they're going to do a breath. Eliza, why do you run here? It's just obviously a joke. It's a prank. Just trying to keep everybody in a lighthearted mood. Don't take it personal. To the West Northwest. And whether or not it moves parallel to the coastline, whether or not it moves up and then hooks a left. Whether it just continues to move basically in that fashion. We just don't know. And some of them he why you're listening because he's drawn lines with this hand. All of us. It's slightly the cone made it adjust slightly. And we'll just see what happens with what the hurricane center says on this. And what the models have said is that the track is bending more to the left. So we'll see how the hurricane center uses that information. And then 11 o'clock advisory hurricane watches out flagless beast to create key tropical storm watches down to seven mile bridge. I would assume that most or at least most maybe all of this area would be under hurricane warning at 11 o'clock. And we'll just see how much of this orange shading becomes red. It'll let me while the red shading is also the behavior chain. And you're turning into a lot of people sound decent behind the shading and preparation for this storm which is already lashed the southeast Bahamas. And now lashing the central Bahamas. Cloths thickening now over the northwest Bahamas not yet over the northern part of Angra Island. Grand Bahamas are a really nice morning and same thing over much of south Florida and the Atlantic coast of water. Just tiny showers coming in and what will be an increasing east and northeast air flow. Now the computer models forecast the storm to maybe make a jog more to the northwest. But some of them want to hook it back to the left again. And that's why anything is possible. Notice these ice bars in the left and equal pressure of course they're tightening up. Him and the ice is getting closer. Even at the center doesn't get near south Florida. The effects of this storm are so far reaching the tropical storm force winds at the least will be buffeting the area tomorrow into tomorrow night. At least Saturday morning along with a slow moving storm and heavy rain potential. And I saw what's on the real order of eight to three days. I heard an essential Florida down to southeast Florida. And that's conservative through Sunday morning. Here's seven storm scan and I'll have a look at the cone. And this time element. Look at it. We today the captain and down in the southeast entering the central Bahamas. And then okay there's nothing new there there's no point anyway. He's doing a good job. I don't want to keep picking on him. He's alright. Mr. or cross continues being the most historical at absolutely irresponsible as always. For each 41 votes they all suck 13. Keep also in mind it's a very imprecise science. I feel bad for some of them. Yeah. You know what I mean? I mean the good guys. There's some real shawks. But I feel bad for them because it's a very imprecise science and they really don't know for sure. And there's no way to know until it's like we're almost on top of us. And now they got the added monkey under back. Well I don't know what's on Bill Kramal's back or a brand. But they got something under back of. Of having had just Charlie. Yeah. They thought that it was going to do the Tampa number and amount of 80 miles south in south in the Pantegora. Of I'm sorry. Putegora is you say. There are people. Yes. Pantegora. Putegora. A lot of people over there were bent out of shape because they said that they were given wrong information. And the weather service people let them down. Yeah. It's a very imprecise science. So I feel a little bit bad. How would you like to have that responsibility? Yeah. That's why I'm sure that one I'm sitting here in this chair. If I ever say anything it's just my opinion. I say that because I don't know anything. Right. A lot of this might just claim. I know nothing. I mean we've been through a lot of these over the years. And we've learned that to panic. And that very rarely do we get something that's, you know, like Andrew. That was 10 and 12 years ago. Maybe we should ask a psychic. You know, there are a lot of them in town. Maybe we can get civil to suit there to be on by 11 o'clock in the morning or you. Instead of that, maybe we'll just check the 11 o'clock advisor, which would be in about 25 minutes. I'd rather call Bo Griffin. Because I'm thinking it's going to like see, I'm pleased to see that it's 23.2 north. I mean, the 23.2 latitude. I'm pleased to see that. Aren't you? Yes. Because as you watch that eye, wobble and they do wobble. That's a big part of the problem. As you watch it with a wobble, you do see that it is moving more toward the north than it has been. A little bit more, a little bit more else. Still moving west northwest, but it make it at bounce toward the north. And every time it makes a little bit bounce back toward the south, then they start with these cones again. They get all bent out of shape because like I said, they've got enormous pressure on them and they're covering their asses. Believe me. Which is why we don't see Bob's hope for on camera anymore because if we wanted to cover Bob's ass, it would probably take a lot. You see what I'm saying? He's a good guy. He's a fine guy. He's a fine guy. That's well job. So that's it. We'll just pass along. Whatever we can, he's next couple of hours. Take a few calls. We'll see what the people out there are thinking. They're getting their plywood all put up now. Their shutters very calmly. They are not calling 9-11. We got all these different phone numbers here. And that's it. That's the best we can do, right? It's all we can do. Yeah. It's all we can do because we aren't pretending. We're not like we don't have some kind of pipeline to God. We don't have like, you don't. We don't have a news department. We don't even have like a news wire in this building. It's part of the fact that our program directors lied to me. Now numerous occasions, I would say, Bob, turn to me. How we had this deal for UPI wire and a P wire, a two-ton cans would a string, anything. We have no connections. So thank goodness that we got the TV set up there. Or we just be sitting here, peeing in our pants. Everybody be sitting around crying with our operations manager. Who cries a lot? Oh yeah. If there's a cloud in staff, a pigeon has diarrhea. Our operations manager cries like a baby. Because he's a very sensitive guy. 25 past 10 at 5, 60, WQAM at noon. The year old. God. I joined the natif party. Things to call it the GOP. And that strongly agree with Bradley's policies. The majority will be coming for me. So I went to the natif party. Convention hailed in the entire state. For 9-11, thank the soldiers. Get their hands a shake. And dance on the great of reading. Mind how to laugh. The bush got tritted as well. You see you feeling happy. If anyone is here, can't thank for yourself. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? The blue? The blue? The blue? The yellow? The entertainment that the natif party. Was appropriate the Christian and White. There was David Duke and Clear, channeled a brutally green one. And to be green teeth, Keith. I'm watching. All righty now. And then culture as well. If you don't believe, what's just the only one that you should die to. Go in and watch people run and hell. I'll play that. You know what that, Bradley? Seems to be going around. 1031 at 5.60 WQAM. Bad news on a job front. You know, all those jobs that they keep telling us have been created. Right? That is a great spot to carry spot with them. I'm pushing the background. And they show the empty factory. And then the stuck record at the end about the economy as they whatever it is. It's just right. Number of people filing for jobless benefits. Jump last week. The government reported today is the latest reading on the strength of the labor market came in far worse than Wall Street 4 cast. That seems to keep happening over and over again. And then all the time. My thought to be, everybody was back at work with real good pay and jobs. The economy was making a solid comeback. And we turned that corner. I think we needed a cup of center road map myself. We turned the wrong corner. The labor department reported that 360,000 people filed for initial unemployment benefits in the weekend of August 28. Up from the reading of 343,000 previous week. Economists surveyed by briefing.com had forecast 340,000 file for benefits. Friday morning, meaning the margin of labor department released its equally anticipated August employment report. And many economists and investors believe the figures will give some guidance as to whether the federal reserve will move to raise interest rates when it meets September 21. It's all fantasy, baby. It's all fantasy in this gigantic recovery. But nevertheless, don't confuse the public with the facts because we got, we got to moderate guys out there. Man, we got Rudy Giuliani. We got the Terminator who's going to terminate terrorism. And we've got who else did they? John McCain would have big trauma to back on his cheek. Yeah, he didn't have the tumor. He's got a big chance. He's not a tumor. Yeah, between his gum and cheek. 560, 560, pound 560 on the Verizon Wireless and cellular wireless line. Let's take a few calls here today between now and 1230. What do you say? Okay. Do you know what is the spot? This is the same thing in the call. It's a different call. This economy of ours is steady and strong. The democratic national community is responsible for the content of this advertising. Good spot. They're shown at how many times an hour. About 30 minutes. Oh, that's working. I'd rather see that spot than see Carrie and his, uh, frisly-haired wife. WQAM. Hello. Just QAM? Yes, sir. Oh, I didn't have something to do. Speaking. All the same, Neil. Sir, I'm going to have a one shot. Okay. It's me. Now we don't have you got to measure people waiting online here. Talk to an important guy. What can I do for it? And if you want to let's. You're it. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, he's on a deal. Okay. I have a question for you. Yeah. Don't come all very, is it just personal? Because all he's doing is saying we got to play this, this and this. I don't know. Maybe she's just thinking, you know, about it. Maybe she's thinking about repenting and demanding her evil ways. I have no idea. I think he's speaking just in a generic term. You go to what you really want to say. Get on your knees. And spray. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, six, six, six. Now let's see who's winning the other channel, 24. I'm disappointed with him. I really am. I think we, that Marshall's decent this is. I think he just and a bald guy that hates us like poison. He's been trying to aim and write for us ever since the beginning. You want to head to idea where was going worse than Brian? Oh, he makes Brian seem like a piker. He makes Brian seem like Miss Macho. Rather channel low 24, they all suck 23. Well, like I said, I'm not trying to stand up for them or sit down for them. But it's a tough job. True it have been nice if NBC six instead of putting a funny that he old. I see him in John there. Again, everybody whipped up above well Andrew did there. So we don't want to hear your life history. You silly old goat go away. No, if they wanted to bring an old funny daddy out. Our good friend Bob we were there. They could get in the mouthballs off a Bob brought him back up. At least he's a real meteorologist. He knows what he's talking about. And he's been through all of these deals down here. But oh, no, we got to keep him an exile. We'll see him. Let's have a good medium man in the last few years in this town. I wouldn't wish you to. Incus Khan. Even with that he Cobbed driving. God. Aren't you embarrassed by it? Yeah, although I don't remember when it was good. I guess my childhood. But even just thinking back to Hurricane Andrew is right. Most of them now. Well, I mean, like you said, maybe. You're in the seven news flags as you can see. But we're not in the right way. We're not in the right way. And I can't go for. You lose like my. Oh, my. I'm just going to do 25 miles for our. We have all our reporters in place. We have Adam Williams in the Bahamas and several reporters all throughout town. How long is it going to be? Before we start seeing somebody's reporters with their gums getting blown right off the, You know, not soon enough. Yeah, the. Yeah, the hair flying in the red and the red and the park is in the poncho. Yeah, as if they couldn't get the same report from inside. But no, we have to see that there are the ones really risking their lives to bring us the real skinny on. What's going on? Straight. All those reporters getting blown away on channel 7. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, let's see. Whether channel 25, they also are 25, don't know 15. Don't know is good. We like you, don't know. You're doing a good job, man. Study as he goes. Good old. Don't know. Somebody ought to tell him who that is. Roll instead of six. Miss Narclaw six. Bill Kamal. She's only got four. What is it about him? They don't like him. I don't know. Is it because he's had a few of those deals or what is it? I think he's considering him and I'm not usually a big fan of his performance on air. Especially, channel 7 with their hyperventilated approach to the world. He's doing okay. Yeah, no problems. And Jen Harara, which is Georgia's additional nurse. She's a good, she's a good, she's a good, but so far on the air. What's wrong with you? A good, close personal fat ass friend Bob so far is a good guy. And a good weather guy. He was on air. He's in the morning but like I said, they didn't show him on camera because the Dave Gamelands has been used only when Kelly Craig is on. Or he ain't that big. That's right. I saw her yesterday. She's a good morning. Kelly. What's she again? Yeah, she looks like horse and well. You have her early breakfast. You look like Marlon Brennan. You have breakfasts, yeah. No, she's going to look like Marlon Brennan. Well that's bad. Which he doesn't have two diner knows. But otherwise. Here's the bad line. W. 2. Hello. Hello. Yes? Oh, I think they're one of them. Yeah, you got to run after the roll right. I have a wrong right. I had the energy to say that one. Yeah, when he called you, I have a breath. Somebody gave the wrong name. I'll tell you that right now. I've seen your Julio. By the way, on his test is cancelled. Okay, everyone. Oh, it's a good one. Yes? I don't know about it. I don't know. How are you doing? It's going great. One good one more good reason why I come here very seldom. You see these hurricane things? I'm not too crazy about this crap. But I'm not leaving, man. I'm sticking it out. That's good. We all are. I'm a person that wants to vote in a democratic way. You know, I'm leaning for the democratic party. Uh-huh. But I'm that fold on Jan. Jerry, what's going on? I don't think I'm meant to. Well, I'm telling you why we sold against George Bush. Okay, forget just hold your nose if you don't like John Care. Just get rid of Bush. If I have to convince you about that, man, you need a brain test, the search party. That's all. And Jan, Gary. First of all, we got our hurricane like, uh, four and a so odd miles out there. There's Miss Kamal again. 145 miles per hour. And it looks as though the energy that's on. Let's go. Let's go. Okay, 425, 430 miles away from southeast Florida about 450 away from Palm Beach. I'm just looking at the coordinates here to see if there's any particular change in the forecast track. Uh, yeah, there is. I do see a slight shift from looking at the points here. A slight shift, a slight shift probably to the left. Um, but they're still keeping it a category for hurricane with winds of a hundred. 45 miles per hour. So the difference is, let me just see what direction that's moving in. Moving west or west at 12 miles per hour. So slow down a little bit. So it's slow down from 13 to 12. Again, west or west now at 12 miles per hour. I'm hurting. I'm hurting. I'm hurting. I'm hurting. In effect from Florida City to Flagler Beach. I'm hurting. Watch in a tropical storm warning from South. Oh, we've got to use to the seven mile bridge. The pressure's really haven't changed. The winds are still 145. We're just reading this hot off the wire. We haven't ingested all the information. They just wanted to get the info to you. So now officially, a hurricane warning isn't effect. Okay. We'll go by these coordinates. They are during this cone. We'll light the energy. The right energy. We've got to be present. We have. In fact, let's go. Is it done there? I think the new cone is there. Okay. There it is. Here's the new cone from this afternoon. This morning. And then tomorrow evening Friday at 8 p.m. And then Saturday at 8 a.m. Notice that then to the left. Now that's going to be critical as to where that cross is the coastline. As to what happens here. But notice how the cone now is shaped with that bend in it. Notice that. Now that's significant because that is implying the possibility of a left hand turn. Whether that left hand turn occurs off the coast. Whether it occurs long or long. Whether it occurs and goes into the Gulf of Mexico. And of course, where it crosses the coast has every implication to what kind of weather will have and how severe the weather will become in south Florida or south central Florida. So again, don't concentrate in this point, but do concentrate on that bend to the left. And there it is again in the whole cone pointing area from the seven mile bridge across Florida in the Gulf into the Atlantic Ocean. So anywhere from the Gulf to the Atlantic. Now we're talking about landfall potentially overnight Friday night into the first part of Saturday. That's if in fact the speed continues the forward motion continues at 12. If it slows down further, that delays that as well. So all this has to be ingested will have the new information for you. And I'll get back to you in just a few minutes. We'll put the points on the map and we'll just look at this. I'm going to find it. Okay, great. Thanks a lot, Miss C'mon. He's doing okay. Not, you know, not spectacular. Just fine. He's doing just fine. Now let me just take a look at those coordinates because I think they put up the ones from the previous from the eight o'clock. No. Yes, as a matter of fact, this is this is still the eight o'clock on here. They haven't changed it on Noah. Shame on him. So that's why they're still reading that on there. Okay. Okay. But as soon as the Noah website changes to the 11 a.m., then we'll take a look at that. But he's a wide and that cone out a little bit. And like I said, there's no reason to get all panicky and psychotic. And you people in the mobile homes get out of there. That is just our suggestion when it's out, get to hell out. Am I right? Absolutely. Look at the west coast. What happened to them? And Broward has ordered mandatory evacuation of all mobile homes in very Ireland starting at two o'clock to have been strongly recommends that you people who live East the federal highway also seek safe shelter. Don't cry. Just find somebody else staying out with. Right? Right. So we need to cry about it. And the order covers about 250,000 residents. Ken's any also says emergency officials and also out for the counties that were preparing to coordinate the reference to respond to the worst areas. Essential years being moved to safe areas, etc. And so on. And there we go. And now we got an officially hurricane warning, coordinates command. A latitude does it turn. And that is every. Uh, implication on how severe the weather would be here if it turned. And the core came over data. Broward. That's awful. Obviously if the left hand turn occurred upstream, it's awful for them. I've streamed better for us down here. Better than I guess. I don't know if you can't see that on Thursday morning. See, you don't want to say that. But that's what he might get better. No, you know what he's saying better than that. Right. Somebody's you here in Orlando. Oh well. He's got plenty of meat on his bones to keep him warm. He's probably haven't eaten under the couch. Or he won't blow away anyway. Line 9. I'm a scared. WQAM hello. Wow, I'm on the singular line. Yes, you're on the new singular wireless line. Aren't you impressed? I go back to the old bell south days. When you say that three calls. I'll say that again. Okay. I'll say that again. Hey, are you home? I'll say another issue from month. Just watch month. What is it? Month. Month. You understand? Month? Month? Month? Month? Month? Month? Month? Month? Month? Month? Month? Month? Month? Month? Month? Month? Month? Month? Classic? Yeah, yeah. First of all. I filmed both Thursdays and Sunday, then Thursdays. influencing Saturdays that season. If the last month…. Let's have a good cry. Let's get all choked up in theory. I, what are you saying? WQAM Hello. QAM Oh, WQAM Hello. All dogs walk them at the mission. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Is there a saw? Was that who I think it was? Sounded like I'm sounded like your buddy Ron. I haven't visited his place yet to make him that it's him. But I will. WQAM Hello. Yes, I'm going. I'm doing good. How are you doing, sir? Good. I want to know if there's any update as to the hurricane, uh, if you game, I guess if you, you I don't want to think what it's going to be now. We'll put it on the second that we get it. But it's not looking too promising right now. It looks like, uh, it's going to be, I think September 12th. And they say, I don't want to say that because it's off the top of my head. But it's here. Don't look like it's going to go on an escedule. But, um, I mean, I said, not a few seconds. I can't tell. That's that next weekend also. I think you're part of the second person that said it's possible next weekend. Right. That is correct. That's that's what I heard. But again, we'll, uh, we can speculate, but that's, that's the big rumor. But we'll let you know as soon as they decide. Thank you. Okay. A lot of people concerned about that. That's a big game, baby. Games, races, uh, all kinds of stuff ball games. But of course, we're busy trying as the BDs would say, stay alive. Right. Stainlives are mangle at this point. I thought they're saying, we need to get all like psychotic. Oh my God. We're better. Yeah. Kids, Kirby came in this morning. He said, uh, us old, farce. We've been through these a few times. And we see the growth test and historical way that some of the people, uh, that's another reason that I see men's ought to know better. But again, he's incompetent. So what do you expect? He's a, he's, he's a ridiculous person. He's a silly old funny that he's like the any Pope of television in South Florida. He's a state of mind. He's been around way too long. Even 34 years ago, he was still ever any good then back when he was with NBC before they devoted him and shipped him off down here. Like they always do to people they don't want anymore like me, shell-gillin. People like that. That, no, we're so really embarrassed by him. I want to ship off on load somewhere. But anyway, you people are channel six out of keep old-futty daddy. I see men's off the air as much as possible. Once everything gets clear and the smoke clears the dust and the, uh, all of this stuff, then put him back on for a little comic relief. We could use a few laughs, right? Right. But in the meantime, we don't need to hear him reminiscing about where he was and what he was doing. And, uh, how he lives down the street from Bob Mayer and by the way, Bob, we like you a lot too, but my God, what happened to you? W-Q-A-M-Hello. Yes, sir. I'd like to let everybody know that my shelter will be open. Okay, great. W-Q-A-M-Hello. Please up the challenge for him hurricane on team. W-Q-A-M-Hello. I don't know. Yes, sir, hurricane hotline. Fire, fire, fire! 560, fire 60. Ha ha ha ha. Pound 560 on that Verizon Wireless and singular wireless line. Tell. And so, there's obviously not the single one of the privacy issues. No, just think we want to do it. Do you have Miami Beach this morning? There was no. Just look like a hurricane is on the way, but you can be this deceiving. Florida could be feeling the effects of France is by later tonight or tomorrow. We'll have the latest for you coming up. Another tease, okay? First watch the spots and then we'll have the latest for you, okay? The other world is coming, but first, after these messages, don't want to die. Watch these commercials. There you go. Nothing with IOD, man. They really piss me off. And people probably some people say, well, let's go to the competition. I wouldn't care who owns them. I was listening to them hoping to hear something, hoping to get informed. Everybody can hear the difference. People that we've never been in really it. It's degrading. Nobody cares about stick and style and teasing. The public wants to get some freaking information right now. And all you people want to do is give a dog and pony show and show us what about to hotcharge the way I would have made voice mic wolf is that because he's married to the boss. We added up like 50 people that were in there in that place. Right. We're during and after the hurricane with volunteers. And now what we got is your sit in there and I'm sitting here. There we are. Well, we go to watch this. And I come in this morning and I says to the operations manager in between his monitoring as it's being the dump button, Joaquie, I'm there. The dump button, fairie, and Howard Sternshow. I said, well, what do we got planned? No, no, wait, wait. You don't even know what he said. No, no, no, I just thought he was funny. And I had on the weather channel and we're talking of course about Francis. He said, oh, you mean about that? I should have said, no, about the hurricane game. You silly goose. That's what I should have said. How about the dolphins man? Right. The important thing. Right. About how are David and Joe? Absolutely. The important crap. Not about silly stuff like a hurricane. Because I think he was. He ain't going to be back today. I see. I'm glad. The excuse now being, and of course now the hurricane will be using the excuse for more of a Greg hiding from this one and hiding from that one and all kinds of other postponing and delaying. You know, they always find a convenient excuse for his behavior, which is unacceptable. But the reason now being is that he still suspended number one and number two. He was going to come back, but they figured we got this in clinic weather. So since he's having a good time in Vegas and he's suspended anyway, I'll just stay there and come back next week. There's no big hurry. Okay. I get an answer about that about the the humpers. Hey, stuff that you like to ask. Stay tuned. Yeah. Stay tuned for more. In fact, tune into IOT. Maybe they'll have it on there. They're teasing it right now. Mike Wolf and his Centaurian tones. And John McLaughlin. She's teasing it. That's an embarrassment that I'm not going to call to station. Even, even. What's that gas station? What is all a real cheap gas? All the so many of them. Yeah. How do you know the worst object? Like, sit-co. Yeah. That's cheap. Even that's a better station. How many QAM hello? Any I am in time information on the humpers situation. Yeah. You have inside information. All right. On your uh... Right. Yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 6. You see the two of that. They need to get blown away by this hurricane. If nothing else happens. Maybe Reverend Jones and his boyfriend can get blown away. How many QAM hello? Is I want to speak to Neil? Speaking. Hey. I wanted to for you to comment on the Republican convention yesterday. I don't know. He's a Republican convention. I have a watch one second of it. Well, I just want to let you know that they had this Democrat up there. This keynote. He's a Miller. He's not a Democrat. He's another one of those dixie crafts. He's looking like he has been brainwashed for weeks and weeks on end. He looked like a man that was possessed by the devil. Right. He was in deliverance. He was one of those guys up in the year. What's an entry? Yeah. He's like, no, no, no, no. He's not a bad guy. You know what? He knows him. He's still got those footprints or whatever those tracks are. 560560. What's that? One vendor. Oh, 560 on a Verizon Wireless and a single wireless line. Going to get a lot of really important calls on between now and 1230. I'll give you those phone numbers again. Let me say it one more time. Do not call 911. For your questions about hurricane Francis, okay? Do not call that number. evidently they were like dead you did they were like begging people don't do it you're you're crazy people of course we knew that this wasn't these cars too bad we don't have the weather channel people in here to hear the calls from the public WAM hello yes sir hey forget about the gasoline I just drive in all 4401 you ought to see this protein store propane you let's say yeah yeah it's a guy like yeah they got the right hand side of 441 blocked off with all these loser's getting out the cash for the girls all be damn yeah there you go well if we can't do anything else we can have a wini roast this week right now yeah let's have a bobby cue and don't forget to bring the crap enough of your a patty is too all you losers out there all you hot shots with your patty of furniture right right anybody out there that's still got a big satellite dish which I can't imagine how many of those are left in town but you're satellite guy yeah that baby down to our as long as you're gonna die so the east southeast of Miami Florida still again there's a one-hut 20 three point four north see it moved to cover two tens of a point more in this last advisor ours and the system is still taking that just north of west track it's moving toward the west north west at 13 miles an hour we take and we take a look at the satellite imagery you can see the names of all the behind me and islands here just to give you some idea of sleeping impacted right now the center circulation located right near Long Island as you can see just to the southeast of there and it is continuing to move on that west north west of the path so even though the winds are fairly calm around that saw bill was just checking on the observations there it's partly cloudy it's beautiful right now in that saw but we do think the conditions there will be deteriorating rather rapidly as we go into the evening hours look at the eye wall you can see a lot of purple on this infrared satellite imagery these are very high cloud tops lots of thunderstorms like it here's the eleven o'clock somebody faceted and thank you as of eleven o'clock this morning hurricane warning has been issued for the east coast of Florida from Florida City north where the flag of the beach including lake oak it's really that's how you pronounce it schmuck at eleven o'clock a tropical storm warning in a hurricane watch and effect for the middle of upper floor to keys from south of Florida City to the seven mile bridge including Florida Bay a hurricane warning remains an effect for all of the Bahamas and eleven o'clock the hurricane warning for the Turks and Kcos islands has been discontinued hurricane mode warning we know what it means the eye of the hurricane Francis was located in the related to twenty three point four north longitude seventy three point nine west or about fifty five miles southeast of sand Salvador and still about four hundred and fifty miles east southeast of now they're saying the lower Florida east coast they're not saying Palm E. Ten more the lower Florida east coast now we don't have to draw any significance to that but Francis is moving toward the west north west near thirteen miles an hour this general motion with a turn to the north west decrease in forward speed is expected over the next twenty four hours on this track the core hurricane Francis will be moving near or over the central Bahamas this afternoon evening Francis remains a dangerous category for hurricane on the Jefferson since scale with a maximum sustained winds near hundred and forty five miles an hour with higher gusts hurricane force winds extend outward up to eighty miles from the center and tropical storm force winds extend outward up to a hundred eighty five miles this is a big big mother storm surge flooding up to six to fourteen feet above normal a tides is possible here's one that says from chronic Chris I hope that WCM bags the marlins allows you in your it's all year we're bagging in a marlins are you crazy as you're the only local radio that's not full of Schmidt PSI miss the bobby reference for the center is this Chris yeah we're gonna bag the marlin game all right so I don't think so double bag of made an addition of which we got to get out of here don't we have all right I mean this guy wants to make me cry I hear the frankly family in the home and all these things to worry about I don't know what I'm gonna do you know what I mean what do you mean I don't know just making fun of silly people around this place but I'm so glad I'm almost never here you know I mean the hurricane thing I've been to this before I'm hoping we don't get it of course but I just I get so tired of an erotic repetition about this place it's like it's like a nightmare we current nightmare they're just keeps happening over and over and over again nothing ever changes here it's just different components of the same nightmare yeah like which ones are you're gonna dream about tonight you know it's like that dream I had a couple weeks ago about how I called my mother's house to see if the phone had been disconnected yet and she answered the phone that's a true story that's a true story I call there is a story anyway here's the fact where the hell is Bob we were in Dr. Neil Frank I grew up with both of them on TV to roll her kids they exuded com during the storms unlike Brian our class this is Brian is screemers what he says we'll be know that this is all what I would give the head that crew out one more time says the corporate time stealing we saw what you're absolutely correct sir absolutely correct sir sure can use some voices of reason sanity as opposed to some of the nervous nellies that we got on there right now we need a lot more nervous nearly good a lot fewer nervous nellies you know I mean of course we got a few nellies around his place you're listening to Neil Roger it's coincidentally to reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 430 p.m. and the department of health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances turn off radios and TV sets and this connect gas stoves and furnaces the post office recommends that you mail early in the day and for those with automobiles alternate side of the street parking will be suspended that's the end of the world next Tuesday at 430 p.m. market down it's a good job these multiple free-old underworlds which you hope to have even while you a democrat rich owned with your long own areas.igning Troy is the alma mater by the remote control tuition is instead still my whole on the two incomes economy at a event You'll hang up but unfortunately I don't think it seems to be having such an accident but I was heard three days to close this segment up to the bench and see things to be tossing our taste, and things to the whole better. I'm always from back on hobby. I'd like to write a few more questions. Maybe we can go somewhere, maybe we can go around and do a thing, a height of the north of the north, but they all leaned over to the left now. I mean, if Florida landfall, not that it would be fortunate to hit anywhere, of course. But of course, there's a little new presence in the track, and that's encouraged them now to go ahead and put up the hurricane warning for the whole coast of the lower east. The coast of Florida. You see, we're talking about all the way from flag or beach, and flag or beach is where up here. There's a ton of beach right there. There's north of the beach on the beach. All right, down the Florida City, and of course, Florida City, just south of Miami for the hurricane warning. Now, I'm just the moment I'm going to give you an idea of how big the storm is and how far out, how big is it, Brian? Then, so you're understanding why the hurricane warning is necessary for that whole coast, not just how to or for the size, but also because if the storm comes at an angle like this, the right is a little difference in angle. Slide is a little, means a big difference in where it hits the coast. Just as we saw in Hurricane Charlie, these storms that come obliquely to the coast are the most difficult to deal with in terms of pinpointing exactly where they'll come ashore. And the fact is, the storm is off here, and it's just pounding because it's going to pound the coast for a long, long, it's going to pound the coast or vacuations ordered. I'll see what I mean about him, because she's just out of control. Hang on, don't just take my word for that because there are details of the evacuation orders, and we'll give them to you as we go. Now, the hurricane warning, of course, continues in effect for the Bahamas as the hurricane. Well, we don't, yeah, but all the respect to you folks in the Bahamas too bad. Anyways, I should have probably read the last part of that other, I love it and I'll talk up about the advisory storm surge flooding of 1614 feet above normal tide levels. While with large endangered's battering waves can be expected near the eye of France's on the west side of the Luther Island, and on the north side of Grand Bahama Island, storm surge flooding of four to six feet above normal tide levels can be expected on the west side of the other islands of the Bahamas. Rainfall amounts of five to ten inches locally as high as 20 inches are possible in association with France's. Water rain, a lot of wind, but we don't know where the big blow is going to come in, right? Right. But they are narrowing it and it's looking more and more like, we got a shot. As somebody we know, it's bad for the other bastards, but yeah. That's right. That's their problem. Well, they will get all that publicity like we will. 560 pound, 560 on the Verizon Wireless and cellular wireless line. Give it those phone numbers again. If you're going to like evacuate and do not, I can't say it enough because we're still in the way that there are people so stupid as to be calling 911 with hurricane questions. Well, that's what they call all about everything questions, but you do that. State information line for evacuating motorways to want to find the best routes to get the halat from wherever you are to wherever you want to go. 1-800-342-3557-1-800-342-3557. Broward has got that information hotline, 9-5-4-8-314 thousand. 9-5-4-8-314 thousand. They'd count it, 305-4-6-8-5900. 305-4-6-8-5900. These are the rumor control lines or information that you're looking for. If you just are a psychotic and need to calm down. Monroe County, 1-800-9555-5504. 1-800-95554 and Palm Beach County, 5161-7264-100. 5161-7164-100. That's for all, of course, events unrelated to any forces, really external forces. So, you know, it may be 145 will be the peak. Maybe 130 or 135 will be the dip on average because you just can't forecast these things. They're hurting, center turns to keep it about the same strength and lesser indications and were indications that went up a little bit earlier today. The forward speed continues to decrease. The hurricane center is our models. The computer programs have been forecasting the steep increase in forward speed. So, that's a good result. Our indication that maybe the models are understanding the weather pattern. That now the model is focusing on a Florida landfall. So, unfortunately, it looks like they are on track for that specific spot in Florida. It's still an unbelievable question. That happened in the yesterday about the 435 or clock. You got like all of us. It's hooked up to the point you couldn't even speak in. You said that? Well, it's obviously very horizontal. He's a diagonal, a lot more. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, that's all about 567. 560 pound, 560 on the guarantee. Wait, it's the guarantee. And Verizon, what is that what it is? Who's on the best job giving info on hurricane Francis? That's our poll question. Theorogers.com. We're not going to get a spectacular response on the website today. That's fine. You got to figure a fish to fry. We do understand that. At least if you got a brain you do. 169 votes. They all suck 54 from our usual positive enthusiasm to go to. It's out there. They all suck. A weather channel 38. Don, no. What does Don? No. He's doing well. He's got the 29. Roland Stedem. Like I said, Don, no 31. Roland Stedem, 17. Brian Arcos, 17. Tonight. Bill. No, I'm busy. Bill, come on. 10. Bob Silver for and Jen Herrera has got a pair. Which is probably why he's on the air. Right. What do you think? Twilight. Give you kind of a scare. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Deal. This is Bill. Colin. Just while let you know that this is I can. For cat forest storm. This is like an average size storm. It's, um, I was watching the weather channel a couple days ago. What do you mean, and that size is huge? It's delicate. I'm going to have a size. Remember when George went through. George? The topical storm winds up. Set out when out all the way out to 200 miles. This one's only 185. Yeah. Charlie. Only went out 150 miles. Charlie was a 30 of the size of this. Right. If it was a small storm. Right. This is an average size cat storm. According to, um, Max. What's the same from the weather? Right. The, but what does that mean? So what does that prove? What, well, all does all says that, You know, it's not some super storm like Andrew that's going to come in. And, you know, not everything got to kill everybody. Well, he's a great thing. You want to see if they showed me four about a couple hours ago. They, uh, this storm is bigger than Andrew. Do you graphically, it's larger. Right. But the thing is, though, is that the storm winds do not track out as far. And in fact, you go, I tracked out 225 miles. And we're going to track out 185. Right. And it's, it's less in the, uh, so what I came for is when it's the eye only go out 80 miles. And whoever gets the direct hitch from this is going to get the, That's going to be, you know, in normal damage. It's going to be 145 mile an hour when got the probably the 160 or 65 at the eye. But the, ended area is not going to be that bad. Is that pretty much what we're going to be? Well, we're going to get borrowing, uh, some kind of, you know, left turn. We're going to get the left side of me. Yeah, the south and left west side of it. Yes. I'm going to bring about a village just to bring you to high though. We can, it's going to go for the north, especially if the Gulf Bring catch this. So hopefully it'll go for the north. Okay. Thanks Bill. Bill's the expert there. Okay. The premier said somebody in remu is high. See they're saying right now because they showed that other high pressure system that came in. Right. And then the one, the, the jet stream and it's somebody, but we'll, And they got all the different things going in the direction. And then the bottom line is they still don't know. Right. I mean, when, when see this goes to show you again, whether for a casting is to win precise, which is why some days a forecast, and I all depending on where you are, that is going to be sunny in 65. And it turns out to be like, uh, raining like hell in 46. We've all had those days no matter where to run right where you live. Right. In precise, and that's heartly cloudy chance to shower. Right. I don't know. Uh, a mix of sun and clouds. Oh, that's good. Right. Every day since I've been back here every day, they keep talking about, and I've been talking about the risk of thunderstorms. I rain by me for about like three minutes yesterday. Like a bad hell. Right. You know, while there was a risk. Yeah. Yeah. So they just don't know. But anyway. So usually we use this, this 60 mile an hour wind line here to indicate where trees fail and power lines fail and all sorts of, uh, uh, weathermen fail. You know, not catastrophic damage, but just damage happens in the 60 mile an hour wind line. And look at this. This goes from Miami, draw that line there. Now draw it here and you see that's the Orlando or north of Orlando. So this 60 mile an hour wind area could affect the entire southern half of the peninsula floor. That again, depending or where it comes in and the reason the hurricane watch is issued for the middle and up or key. It's not the honest with you. If you watch this long enough, and you listen long enough, you just want to pee in your pants. You know, it just because they don't know. And I realize that just like us, you know, we're filling some time here. Try to pass along a little bit of useful information. But, uh, they just don't know. And they haven't known all along. And then they keep like, well, it's a little bit, but if I'm the next advisory to a clock, it should like take a little bit turn a little bit back more up to the north. Then that ice cream cone is going to widen back, uh, uh, back up to the north again. And they're going to say, well, uh, but it would, uh, see what I'm saying. That's what they're going to say. But it would have been better. Yeah. And yada yada. There we are. I got a lot of yada yada. I'm here a lot of that, especially on channel 7. 12 minutes past 11 at 5. 60. Welcome to all three games. 12. 35. Your red heart Marlins. They're closing in maybe on that wild card. They're at the hapless mess. Game time. One ten is to have to know. We'll have it for you. After the game, look who we got. Again, filling in for these suspended and suspended end of a case. And goldberg who's on a permanent vacation. Right now, Armstrong Ford of Homestead wants to clear their lots. I and sell off all remaining. O4 is here to some of the great deals waiting for you. And O4 F-150 pick up just $1 over invoice. New O4 Explorers just $1 over invoice. Rangers, context, toruses and focuses. All waiting for you. It's just $1 over invoice. Only at Armstrong Ford of Homestead. Plus Armstrong offers more value to its customers too. When you buy your Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That's right. The value you get at Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there either right now. You get a free Florida sun pass with any vehicle you buy. Press for time. Armstrong Ford knows you times valuable. So just give a call and do it right over the phone. Call 305. 247. 51. 12. And shop by phone. They'll even deliver you new vehicle right to you at your home at your work. Wherever. Armstrong Ford of Homestead. They're locally owned and operated. They treated like family. It's a pleasure to administer them. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town. Go bait and switch. No full need deals. You'll find them at 307 25. South. 60 Highway. Just 20 minutes. 30. Check out the web. Armstrong cars.com or hop in your car. Drive a little and save a ton on the new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of Homestead. We're on the street show. We are Rogers. Mornings and we did. We're on the clock. We're on the clock. We're on the clock. We're on the street. We're on the street. We're on the clock. We're on the street. We're on the street. We're on the street. We're on the street. We're on the street. Like I said, Amber, we've got Wednesday. We just don't know which one with one. We're here. She's already so heavy in our house. I'm stupid. Looks like this place goes down. Now, strength of body will hold. Law of Revolution, body styles, and eyes. Fulls of the rice, not down. That's it. Get that with my team alive. She raised for free little clouds. That revolution body style, for mine. And she kept me holding crafty. And she raised for fire. And that's it. She's a trout star. And she's time for a kill. I may fly on that day. Why so far? What's my key carry in our home? She's a woman holding between her eyes and eyes. But she's down behind. She's having me just gone. I bet she's always in my hands. She's with the one she's got. But before she's got me down. I'm with you. We can't destroy and yet, boys, that's the same. And we'll fly this life, we'll be rich and back. And smell so nice, all time you're strong. So I'm a big man. Oh, I'm gonna destroy that world. So I'm a small man on the same day. We'll fly it down on me now. 1118 at 5.6. We've got Marlon Pre-Game in 1235. Marlon's at the Metz. If it's a school, if it's a sporting event, if it's a game, if it's a game, if it's a pencil. If it's an event, if it's a thing, right? I'm gonna be answering your looking for is it gonna happen? No, no. I mean, rather than go down as whole as the world. Oh, the school's a girl. The public schools are closed. And the middle school is closed. It's closed. Whatever it is. Right. So you're so in the off and I'm Pew. Anyway, so the Harold's got a pretty good thing here, which is really unusual for them because their website blows paid 16A in a Harold today, 16A and her came checklist. And I will give them kudos for having a piece of information on here. Also, it says here, I watch out for snakes, which we always do that here at QAM. Anyway, yeah, this is a matter of routine. But here's, it says, because I see this is one of the problems when you get this of you. It's not up information. You run up with less information than you had in the first place because they confuse use. And they tell you a lot of KRAP. They're on there the other day and I say, they, I don't know which one because they're watching way too much of this. And I'm sorry I did. Make sure you have at least two gallons a day per person. Well, guess what? You know how much that is? Eh, huh? That's a lot. Here in the Harold it says about stirring water. Stir at least a two inch supply for each family member that means at least one gallon per day per person. That's a reasonable amount. Two gallons a day per person would be like sucking up the whole bathtub when you carry my down. Well, here I mean, right? Maybe if you're in the roofing industry or smear asshole. And last time I checked all the water is still long. We don't have any storms going on. We don't have any thunderclap, no one. We have nothing going on yet, right? So if you want to go to your neighborhood supermarket or your convenience store and slept home, chickens and chickens of bottles and, and if you have assuming that they're left, they're probably not. You can go ahead and do that. Or they have this amazing thing. It's called the tap. Now, I don't like the tap water here. And I just matter of rule. I don't drink it. But during the course of whatever is going to happen, you're not going to drink enough. I mean, you'll have to be a rocket scientist to figure out that you're not going to drink it off that it's going to be detrimental to your health or survival. You see what I'm saying? And you said the water is not bad for you. It just tastes bad sometimes. Hmm. Well, we could debate that. But it anyway. But you're not going to drink enough that it's going to be going to kill you. Right? If you don't drink any, then it will kill you. And if you drink some, there's a chance you might still be alive by maybe week from sockets. Okay? So this idea that you need to stir up all of this stuff that you don't need to do. I mean, do the things that are intelligent, which I realize only a small portion of the supper or anything can relate to that intelligent. You know, your flashlight and your transistor, you're a battery operated radio and you're a generator if you want. You got the box and you can find somewhere that would be nice. Your vibrator, your candles, always nice to have the vibrator there when you go like my candles. Sure, right? And of course, if you don't have the vibrator just a candle sometime. Anyway, that's a little bit of a nice, nice, nice candle. Well, people are going to have a lot of time, okay? And if you're electric, if you should be lucky and your power doesn't go out, have a few, go out by a few BBDs and DVDs now and watch the DVD and your DVDs and your DVDs. Right? Well, you can. There you go. As opposed to everybody getting all psychotic and beductor shape and going crazy, which is exactly what somebody's grave robbers would like you to do. They want you to just lose it. Now here is a fact that says, and it's interesting what this says because I noticed it driving home on Tuesday listening to mad dog. It sounded to me like there were some glitches. Of course, I said no, it's so muddy anyway. You really can't tell when something bad happens. Because when it's like, oh, bro, bro, bro, bro. Yeah, you really can't tell if there's a technical rich. It says you transmit it just in some weird in and out fluctuation three times. Get course on it immediately. All that you do it. We will not be held hostage by QM's 1929 technology during the Neurology show. Even Markone is embarrassed if you guys go off the air. We're like, give my hurricane Francis coverage it says. I'm sure W.I. would do. We'll threaten to tell you how much is stuff. Sure. It's like, well, it's dead. Tori and boys. It's hurricane Francis coverage. Aren't you impressed by my voice? And the fact that I'm married to the boss and I write a motorcycle a lot. And I got a big pair of balls. Well, who cares? Nobody, maybe she does. Who the hell cares? Michael. They're in disgrace. They really are. They were down. They're in disgrace to the radio industry. They're in disgrace to the news profession, which you can't be. I use that term very loosely connected with them. See, when she came to put up all those stations from Paxon, I and Z was a news station. All news around a clock. And I would be was the talks pretty much a talk station, right? A little bit of news. What's on the news and talk? Now the I and Z went to our effects. And now it's a... I'm her. Oh, in which reminds me yesterday I had my first... I had a radio accident, which I'll never repeat. I'm going to tell you. I thought you were exaggerating. No, no. See, I went into the north cross after I played that bit. I was going to talk about it again. I heard the owl, Frank, and the show all for the first. Time. And between him and that whining brought on there. It gives new meaning to the term whining and dining. If you're reading lunch during that show, boy, you do the dining and they'll do the wine. So your impersonations side, because you're actually articulating that heavy wine. And on talking back. I think that a horrendous imitation of Alan Keyes, you know, talking about Mary's canybion, a selfish, a hedonist, and all because she's a dike. And he was screaming. Just screaming. And they're doing like a fake comedy routine. No, speaking to comedy. Yeah. Because you listen long enough to hear what they call comedy bits. They play them again. Oh, God. Oh, God is right. That's what that is. And believe you, me, this covers a lot of territory from the sheik to dicky for well. I mean, this was the worst radio I have ever heard in my life. Maybe that's why they called scare America. It really, really hard to take. It was pathetic. So if you think that that crap is going to convince anybody to vote for anybody, much less keep them listen longer than 30 seconds. You people are dreaming. But third man. Man was it bad. Okay. Let's get a bunch of calls on it. We only got about an hour to go. We got some very big fish to fry here today. Speaking of fish. Yes. Never did call ponytail. Oh, he's not coming here with food. Is he because we had that bacon from house? I think he's probably busy putting up shutters over there at the pizza loft if he smart. That was a joke from a snapper. So in other words, you still want more food. Is that what you're trying to say? Yeah, could you? What's it that's not here, man? It's good to be between here and the house. It's just nonstop food. More and more food and eaten and eaten and eaten. That's it. Yeah. That's all there is here, man. W. W. Hello. Neil, I hear a lot of sports guys talking about a rootator cup. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you got one. Perch on it. Speaking of fish. W. W. Hello. This sir, you got to have something over your phone, pal. Okay. Or maybe he's got it in his back. Five, six, seven, five, 60. When you think we'd be getting something ton of the guy that called before, we seem to know a little bit about all of that. He was wrong because Hurricane Andrew was not as large as Francis. So he was wrong about that. It had stronger winds and it was a category five. Correct. This one is a four. A strong four. Because 100 could also change. Which could also change that even as Narkras said, it could diminish some. Which right? Because it is slowing its time to 12 miles an hour. Which could be good or could be bad. The bad part that is that is it slows way down in hangs around longer, which means right. And much more flooding and it seems to be like it's there forever. On the other hand, as it slows down, it gets an opt has an opportunity as it approaches the coast to make that shift to the north or some place else where but how it's going to go. Which in this case, I think the north is the only other possibility. And like we've all been saying better than than us. We don't hear it. We don't who they are. Well, no, it doesn't necessarily have to go to Orlando. Right? So they have to. It could go up through some desolate place up there up like Jacksonville. Like Okatobi. Well, that's not that far away. That's not far. Huh? I just want to say Okatobi. I just like saying, I have to see the jackass on the weather channel. Oh, it's speaking of jackasses on the weather channel heavy. Where we're seeing downtown Vivian Brown. No, my god. And we're in Gaston. Hurricane Gaston. And we'd like to go through the storm Gaston. How is she on the year? I think it's a racial thing myself. How could she be on the year? Downtown Vivian Brown. You've never seen her on the weather channel. No, no, no. Sorry. Oh, wow. It'll change your life forever. 26 past 11 at 5. 60 WQAAM. Let me tell you about dry concepts. In fact, I don't want to exploit the fact that we're going to have a storm here of some magnitude. We need to know what at this point. But if you have like flooding in a house. If you have like some damage in the house, you're carpeting in your poultry. All of these things are what? Well, I don't know what you're raising your eyebrows. You don't want to say anything. Yes, I do. You're going to need somebody to professional to come in here and take that mess and make it look fantastic. That's why keep in mind our good friends and dry concepts. In fact, right down there, tool for you number 1-800-248-5071. And when the coast clear, so to speak, you want to call these people because they'll take even the nastiest soil carpeting. And make it look just like brand new. Your carpets when they get done smell lemony fresh. They're drying a couple of hours. You really can clean today and retain tonight when you call our good friends and dry concepts. Which I've been doing for over 20 years. They've been doing great service for the folks to stop for this in way back in 1979. No rip off. No scams. They give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing a job. Your expensive area rose your area or rose your poultry or furniture. And of course, you're carpeting all of these things. Don't forget, call dry concepts. They'll never let you down to when I'm beatable. Job. You'll never dream of calling anybody else again. It's 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. It's dry concepts. You're listening to real Roger. Who looks into it? On 5-60-60. Are you a-A-M? Get ready. It's on the big- Oh! What's that stand for? Or does it? No. That's just short for Orlando Blue. You don't look clearly. No. No. No. No. No. No. I'm from S.C.C.S. This is strict confidence. But in case you want to run away with you, Joe got suspended. Joe got suspended. That's a little lie. Maybe we should take this call from our special guest. Roberto L'Ongo. Hi, everybody. So, you know what I'm going to do? You know what I'm going to do? It's no! I'm sure that's quicky boys guy that goes down all the time. No! You got sweet confused with a character on another show. That's not me. I'm a children, you know. Toys boys boys. You have a funny name. Yeah! I'm going to do this call. I want to do it. Toys boys boys. We can do this tonight right now. Don't reveal it. No reveal it. That's a lie. Let me go. I don't want to walk about it. I'm just listening. We can see. I don't want to walk about it. I don't want to walk about it. Come here. I can tell. Oh, the first show I've made looks. I can see that. Oh. The worst case scenario for us here across South Florida. Gina, can't tell. Larry is standing by. We've got a hand side of the light loop behind you there. Gina, give us a little more insight now on this hurricane. Okay, checking the latest advisory which I have in my hand. Issued about now we're going to be posted as of 11 o'clock this morning. Doesn't fact show this storm slowing down slightly by the smallest amount. Moving to the west north, west about 13 miles an hour now. As of 11 o'clock this morning, it was located at 90 miles. No excuse me, 55 miles out east of San Salvador in the homies or another perspective. 450 miles to the east southeast of the lower Florida east coast. It is approaching the east coast as you heard Trent say. Wow, like I said, let's him over to long. Well, that's channel 10 for you. Let's say God, done. Oh, I'm there. Hopefully, so, okay, there is a well, man, without him. Let's get to get to you. I've been people on here and get to put this broad back in the deep freeze. Wherever to hell she is. Oh, here we go. Here's the big guy. It's going to go to our north. Okay. Anyway, here's the fact I just got. It says it's ridiculous for the cone of confidence to be shown constantly with different words. Descriptions and graphics around it. The cone is only updated at 5am and PM and 11am and PM. That's it. It says too bad for the TV stations that the updates don't coincide with the midday new shows are prime time TV viewing. But what's wrong with those weather people at the hurricane center? It says the cones are brought enough to allow for the small shifts that may be indicated by the advice reason to come out in between those times. It is irresponsible for the local weather folks to revise the forecast or speculate about the track based upon any shifts. They need to wait until the next forecast by the National Hurricane Center, which not only takes into account the shifts, but also when he reconnaissance aircraft info, they should just show the cone maybe at the top and bottom of the hour without saying, here's the latest unless they also give the time. In the meantime, if they need to have wall-to-wall coverage today, let alone yesterday, last night, four weeks ago last suckers give responsible information such as a checklist, expected rainfall flooding, etc. all of these things. This is what the good facts, huh? If somebody knows this crap, but that again, nobody would watch. That's the idea they want to get us sucked in. Right, and they want to glue us in. That's the reason why people get whipped up into our friends. Because they overdue it, and then they can always cover the last by saying, well, see we've got a close call, we just missed it, or if we do, God forbid, that's good. Get the big hit, then they can say, well, you see we told you so. Right, it's the big fat CYA man, cover your asses, collected. Okay, here's the website. Here's our question. Who's done a best job of giving out info on hurricane Francis? 228, they all suck, 70. They all suck. Give us something we can sync our teeth into. Weather Channel 47. Done. No. 41. Roland's dead in 2024. Ryan R. Cross 22. And also joining us as Bill Kamal, Miss Kamal's got 14. Bob Sokers got 7. And Jen Herrera's got 6. She finally got on the map, weren't you excited about saying that? Oh, there's Alex Pia, Pini. Yes, he went to the Pini weeny for a few moments. We know that the 11 o'clock, but now why do we want him on there? He is so irresponsible during these times. That last one we had hurricane Floyd. 99 was it? Remember his performance then talked about that yesterday? This is an opportunity to get on TV. For what? And that is what he got his ass beats soundly. Can you 10%. 10%. For Alex, fish shot. He'll be running for something again. Yeah, running for the woods is what he got to be running for. Okay. When I was co-bano sir and bush fashion again. Although now that he lost, he'll probably say, hey, hey, we might not bush you know, because he's all over the place. A sellout. And they're on the Alex by the way. They're all on the anglo's, the Julio's, the old, the whole hose. They're all on the a sweet heart. See you in full and anybody. Mr. Weather expert. And next time he bitches out our friends up there in La Solosa the Floridian. That'll be, yeah, that's it. That's what we're going to like right as that's out of town. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Phone's aren't I thought we'd get like all these, and which are whether experts calling in. We now he had the one guy. They're already good. Huh? And then the fast we just had was magnificent. Do you have any QAM hello? Yeah, no. Yes sir. Yeah. Would you marry me to get me to go? I beg your pardon? Would you marry me to go? 560, pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless line. Not a call on a board. And you want to know why? Because they're all out there kneeling up their reply would. Right? So what I just said, they're all running over to the publics and wind dixie. They buy up all the remaining bottles of water. They're hyper ventilating. They're ripped up into a frenzy. They're on a highway. They're calling 9-11 and spread it the fact that I beg them. I'm pleading. Don't do it. Right? Right. They'll do it anyway. They call anyway. For any three. Unbelievable. Protester is disrupt convention gathering. Anta Ward demonstrators disrupt today. Republican youth gathering on the floor of the Puerto convention. And they shortly after President Bush's twin daughters of the stage. Jenna and Barbara Bush introduced White House chief of staff Andrew Card as he began speaking. 10 protests. You're sitting in a crowd jump. Blue whistles and began to chant. Bush kills. They also removed sweatshirts to reveal t-shirts that read. Bush dropped global debt now. Card tried to continue speaking but was drowned out and stopped as young participants in the morning event. Scuffle with the demonstrators. Police moved in and we moved the protesters including young woman hoisted out by two officers. One at her shoulders and one at her knees. At least one delegate was slightly injured. Sored Daniel 20 of Milwaukee City was punched in the head by a protester. He had to cut near his temple on the side of the face was ridden. As in Wade ridden of the Ottawa Senators. WCQAM hello. Water in. Water in. Okay. Listen. I'm not like a weatherman or anything like that. But. But. Regardless. Just going to put up the shutters. We had out got a lot of fear at the house. There you go. Tell me. Tell me. What the fuck are you talking to? I'm going to get you in the car driving north. I don't need a hotel room. I just got to find out with storms not going. You're driving north. No. It's everywhere. It's going. I'm going the opposite direction. Okay. That's all. Water in. I can't you like. I can't you like. Yeah. What are you going to do? They say it's going to go here five minutes later. Go to the. I don't know. So about the time you wake up. It'll be all over anyway. That's no screen. There you go. Pally. Get a little on the other side. For a second. I know we got to be scared and everything. But. If you can watch any of the R&C. No. I have none. Not yet. I will not watch it. I don't know if you know this. But what? I think he is programmed to block it out. Well. I don't want you to be prepared. What are you going to come with? But all they have is kill kill people. Oversea. The father. I'll talk about. Right. People. The evil doers. On. If both. Good luck to us. Pally will see you hanging there. He's having a few beers. He's going to do his mischamal imitation. Huh? Don't you think that all the other people should submit to a breath-aligned as it before they go on here at a time of an emergency. Oh, that's no fun. Huh? Because I think. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. It's all. I. I. Five. Six. You. I. I. Yeah. There. There. I. On. We ride with the straight guy. Both bad five. Proceed to his throne. New Jersey governor James McGritte is coming out. Squee. When entering a room body language is key. Chin up. Chest out. And with the hint of a smile on your own the room. Is that I am the gay American? I'm also here today because shameful. I engaged in adult consensual affair with another man. He had so much talent and it was all pent up in their game. Really wasn't sharing it and was in share of himself. What's not so loud? It was wrong. It was foolish. It was inexcusable. Like the Stanley Cup for gay people. Yeah. He pulled the pain and suffering that I caused to my beloved family. I have decided the right force of that. It's a redesign. On November 15th of this year. I can be more proud. I think he's in a great shot. He was working every month in Canada. He really was. I think he was totally psyched about change. It's like a spices here. Looks like governor McGritte will have to find a new star. It's all tonight. On queery for the straight guy. Only on Bravo. It's a great Cheers. So, speaker of that. Who do you think plays a better chinball. It's a 155-60WQA. We're keeping our eye on Francis. We're keeping our eye on it. We have several people in the building. In fact, it was kind of amusing before the show. Clarences to me are program director. Clarences says, oh, anything you need. And he went get for you. What are they going to get for me? They could get the force information for us. Like about that. My man says you gain that a lot of people out there are peeing in their pants. Waiting to find out. Right? That'll do. About the Sullivan gain. About the Marlins Cub series this weekend. Which I should mention again, the Cub's after the day I won in Montreal last night. Didn't fly here for this weekend. They flew back to Chicago. Obviously an anticipation of probably not being the games here this weekend. And I don't want to say that because I don't want to get all kinds of stirrup all kinds of crap. Because what would happen if this went due north? See what I'm saying? What would we do, north? Well, we certainly wouldn't have no game tomorrow. But this well, they could be here in time for Saturday with minimal amount of sleep is what we're hoping. So at any rate, they're going to be a lot of cancellations, all kinds of stuff. That's the kind of thing they could do for us. And they come running into here where they and that stuff yet. No. In fact, they're probably not even here. They probably already headed out for the hills. If what you ask me, I know, much, you already left. Because he lives over on the beach and for a lot of people right over there on the beach with all them other. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the Verizon Wireless and set your wireless lines. WQAM, hello. WQAM, Ola. Hey, yes sir. Hey, you know it. Great. Good. I just want to let you know that I'm not nailing anything and I'm not scared of the storm and my wife is freaking out. Yeah. I'm married to a chap. She is dropping her nail file. Yes, you really. Oh, yes. Well, maybe she'll get her last blown away and then I'll sell the problem for you. 560, 50560. I know they're plenty guys. Well, they got their fingers in legs crossed. So I'm going to say about that, during. WQAM, hello. I got a stiff thing. I mean, can be it. You got a wife? A stiff stomach, can be it. What is that? Oh, don't you rest on me, can you? Is this a sausage? You don't want to say? Oh, good. WQAM, hello. Good morning sir. Yes sir, what is this? Quick question for you. What if the words should be like this? Spokees is like a twisted guts. It's like butterflies in your stomach. Appreciate it. Okay. I'll get that. Okay, my gosh, your friend. What? Well, that's part of our unit's one. If you have spilky, and I'm sure there are a lot of people that have spilky is right now because of Francis. It means like butterflies in your stomach like nervous. Yeah. We have a lot of nerves. I just had a lot of nerves around here at WQAM. I guarantee you that. Okay, so that's some of them. It brings a treat to my, I think it about it. WQAM, hello. You're high. I would like to make a cool, like, all great calls. Yeah, okay. Go ahead. Well, give me some numbers. That was good. That was good. What if we had some guy to call their Watsonmaker, crank call? Tom Go practice. Go work on it a little bit. Sounded to me like he was already working on it. My favorite call ever. WQAM. Hey, Neil. I said, I'm going to do a little bit. Okay. Do you think I wanted to thank George for the offset ticket? Even though we got phomed out with it, but still thankful at George. Hey, you're welcome. We'll be a little bit of a reschedule or something. And also, you said you like Krucselberg. Is that the Krucselberger down there on sunrise and power line? Well, you have somebody mentioned it a long time ago. It has started in power line. And the last one. Yeah. But now we say in there's a freaky car, like the desk. But when I think of my ticket, it's not as pretty cute down there. Yeah, right. He was probably just they alternate out there. They rotate. Well, I rotate and she, you know. And as I still hear you and tell Neil, I'm glad you're still in the radio. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pal. Have a great day and get under the bed. Well, I just don't want to say it to come out. Five, six, seven. Don't forget we got the Marlon game. I should mention this again, I guess, because there may be some people have been like under that bit. Howard County officials this morning ordered the mandatory evacuation of all mobile homes in Barrier Islands starting at tour clock this afternoon, strongly recommended that people live east of federal highway Also seeks a safe shelter. And hurricane warnings are now in effect. Well, we are in two of that. Okay. The next advisory is at two o'clock in the PM, which will be long gone by then. And we could probably encourage people to call them say, Oh, there's a gas station open here over there. But we don't want to. I thought about that for about a half a second. I don't want to do that. You want to know why? Why? Because then the gas station will be like there be lines like 40, five blocks long. And it will create chaos. And we don't want to do that. So my best suggestion for you is just drive around a lot and waste a lot of gas. You know, yeah. Well, no, there's some stupid people are going to do that. The waste of quarter of a tank of gas. And then the line of going back home and discover that they found no place that was open. Because coming in here on 441 this morning, I noticed that of the stations that were open. They were like, uh, humongous lines. And I would say two thirds of the at least two thirds of the stations that I passed including the mobile up the street. Or you can see the things that were the houses. Right. They don't are hoes job. Oh, we're here today. Because they have no gas. Or the BP also see no gas. There are seen guys. Well, that's that's because people went crazy. Grabbed it all up whether they needed or not. And this is what has been going on all week long. And there are people were saying, Well, you see me, we did this smart take. Well, what can I say to those people? The ones that went overboard. The ones that bought enough plywood to build the fort. A mansion. Yeah. The ones that bought enough bottle water to fill a like Oki to be. You could say hang on to it this time. Yeah. Hang on. Don't bring it back for any refunds. Okay. Because anybody that brings stuff back for refunds, man. We'll be shot in the ankle. Okay. You're talking to that right now. You wise ass bastard. You just put it in the garage out there. Okay. And the water drink 20 30 gallons of a day. That's a good idea. Can't hurt. And I don't want to get anybody nervous. But you know, the water that comes in was real thick. What what do they call that? Paul, do you retain? No, the plastic. Yeah. And the, the nasty dangerous chemicals right into the water. I just mentioned that. So those of you who are more concerned about drinking your tap water than getting their real fancy. And addition of which we found out a long time ago that some of those places where they sell those containers, the water came out of the tap anyway. It's a repo off. I just mentioned that just to keep in mind to try to keep you rational and sane. WQAM hello not there. WQAM. WQAM. What's your name? Hello. Yes sir. Is this QAM? WQAM. This is it. Oh, okay. On your website. On meals website. Yes sir. When you, I'll get from them on the homepage with the beauty curtain. You have a girl that's been there for a couple of months. H Davis? Yeah. Who is she? Who's page Davis? She's from trading spaces. One of the hostess. Oh, God, do I speak of that? Be the curtain. I never even looked at it today. We had Merlot Monroe yesterday and I've even mentioned that. Who we got today? Page Davis? What's she always on there? That's Gale Porter. That's a great pleasure today. And I never even looked at that. And the midst of all this Francis, what we got Gale. Right. That's a wind. That's a good picture. So for those of you who are like locked in your homes with their, or the shutters up and all the plywood nailed to the windows and just batten and down the hatches, just take a look. Now make sure you keep your hands above the counter because you know that the eyes on giant ass cropped there and the curtain, they move around. There's little BDIs. They are watching you carefully. You might want to print it out in case the power goes out. When it does print it out, all that especially if you have a color printer. Because that's true. I got one. And you can see the color. These little, uh, something to it. That's nice. Some I'm glad he called because even though his call was rather in vain, well we're distracted. We're distracted. We got bigger fish to fries. They say, and let's see, channel 7 right now has got this and crap on, about evacuation routes. Let me say it again if you have any question about evacuation assistance about these things about which way to go, so to speak. I know Brian's a little concerned about that. It's a toll free 1800 342557. Now let's see what about the weather channel. Are they doing anything worthwhile? Holiday traffic. Oh yeah, they're in a commercial for A1 sauce. What about the whom I leave an out? And again, I see I don't want to start. I don't want to know what cable system this is. Oh, there's channel, uh, sink went to Uno. And I don't, I don't want to know. The proper that water. There are crashing. Oh, we're going to have a look at her. So what you have is water well above. She doesn't want to leave crashing on top of that. I'm looking for something to imagine. I can imagine the way of the crashing water. Oh, he's gone. No one now. Oh, thank God for that. We're in the world. We're not really. He's loving things. We're 10 is on 11, huh? See, so come with the made by God for dying. God for dying. God is to be 180 miles for our moving West North West at 15 and to Roger it. We're a 9. 173. It's been hovering somewhere in the 9. 50s and 40s. And now it seems to be decreasing a little bit more. Indication to perhaps the storm continues to very slowly strengthen. Here is the thing about done. No, steady. Easy goes, you know. Right. Yeah. Calm cool collected. Not hyperventilates. You're a, it be the 12th of the world. Or on WQA. There's no modem of this. I'm a healthy healthy man. Help! I'm a healthy healthy man. At your, the boy that Walking 거야 for the closed West switch. Can be a weary majored, got control. No wonder around me, someone with your pride At about the 10. You held up high, now you're in the corner, yeah, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I I'm alive, involve, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'''m alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm I would be hysterical and we'd have to be extra to make a problem of the crap You didn't have to be not bacon from how is this morning? It's just a food fest in here, man. That's what they've changed to. It's just a freaking food fest. Now I'm sure she's a gas that appalled by all that's that. All you do is our Genshin meals that you're eating over there and the continuous meal. Body and pompot is speaking a gargantuan says, if we didn't have enough to worry about, I just left my local video store and all the porno is disappearing off the shelves and an alarming rate. Oh my God. He said it's supposed to already have a collection, buddy. Well, maybe he needs to find himself a buddy. But be good. I wouldn't be surprised at that because you've got to be at a course if the power is out what do you do then unless you got a diesel generator or like a bag of things. Dike? Is that what it is? Oh, magazines. Oh, god. I'm terminally boring. Anyway, here's our pool. Who's done the best job of giving info on hurricane Francis? So far, we have 293 votes. Which indicates that we got a lot of people who probably ought to be doing something more important who are patchking around with our website. They all suck all those weather people 85 and I will say it again. Nothing I want to come to their defense, but I will anyway. They have a thank list job. Who would want it? Huh? Not me. Who would want to be responsible then of course afterwards over a matter of what they say. There's a whole bunch of people going to say either. Oh, you've got to solve it up for nothing again. Or you didn't warn us enough. You didn't tell us it was coming right to my house. Right? Right? Or you preempted my soap operas, which I had a facts from man about that. She's all been out of shape about that and rightfully so. They all suck 85. The weather channel 67. They're okay. So as Grower County, we heard from them earlier this morning. A mandatory evacuation kicks in at 2 p.m. The Barrier Islands and you'll notice this guy he's been on there for two or three days now on the beach and they got with electric fan over there. It's standing up and no that's why his hair is blowing a little bit. A little blowing going on over there on the beach. And then that's the only reason he's here is because there's nothing going on. Absolutely nothing yet. Let's see. Weather channel 67. Done. Good old Don, no he's going to find job has 53. We need the other local weathermen heads and shoulders above them. Nice to see. Very. And aren't we proud of our association with channel 10 and don? No, we're not using him on the show. I'm sure that our friend Moe is a lot of probably using after the ball game. If anybody explains to Moe who Don, no is. That was so. Part for the courses, what it was. Roland's dead. We got 28 channel six. Steadies he goes. He's all right. Ryan or class 25. Bill, come on. Miss come also. They got a I'm telling you. They're not the fun of that child. What do you think that's all about? I don't know. I really don't just don't like her. Bill, come on 17 Bob, sopper's got 10 and he's only on there like a little bit of the time. He's doing just fine. We love Bob, sopper. Good guy. And Jen Herrera, whoever she is, is got it. I'll take you word for it. She got it. And I'm going to say, come out that. Oh, he's got a great ass too. Right. Go right. Two back. He got in and still around. Oh, well, can you imagine if we had her on his pool? Don't say anything. Don't say our word. Now listen, I'm telling you now, you better watch your keys and the clothes in between. On Friday. Would want to do it. We're going to look. All right. Thanks. Here's a line. Why do you? Why do you? You're going to watch the South this morning. Half is here. All right. Yes. We do have some rain. Oh, we don't care about that. Okay. Bitch. Look. It's beds. Yeah. We don't care Jenette Jones about your rain. I've got about 14 drain drops. Follow there in Texas somewhere. And she's worried about that. Well, we're waiting to see if our lives are on the line are not here. Shame on you. Now we've got three breaks to do now between that and 1235. That was kind of clever of our traffic people. Oh, speak in that. I left here yesterday with a little bulk of Brian. And the elevator door opened. Oh, I know the speaking Carlos ain't speaking to me now. Oh, I'm so glad. That's a great thing that happened. That's hard. Oh, I know. That's a great thing that happened. My whole week here is that for whatever reason she's all been out of shape and give me just a dirty look. Oh, yeah. I gave me seven years. But thank God. He finally got the message. Probably heard you make it fun of his weird beer. So the elevator door opens and it was like somebody who comes up to your knee camp. I'll give you a little curl. Yeah. Yeah. Half out of that one, man. What is that? You lost another person. A whole other. About 600 pounds since I was here last time. I'm going to say she was gigantic. But she lost. And she's aged about 100 years since like, oh, you know, are you crazy? That's wow. The fat leaves your face. You know, oh, my God. I never saw anything that looked like that in my life. You're a cruel, the cruel man. Why? I'm just under the truth. She don't look a day over 250. So what would you rather do way 250 or look about 250? That's the choice you got, I guess. Wow. I couldn't believe it. And Boko, of course, being as subtler as he always is. He goes in hysterical after the poor way. It's the turn around and hold himself up against the back of the elevator. While the door is posing, I'm sure she can still hear and see from the outside. You know, nice gone. Boko, you idiot. Two. He was. He was laughing so hard. He was like holding up the wall. He doesn't help himself. No, I sure don't. 12.06. 5.60. WQAM. Your Florida Marlins against the hated mediocre mess. 12.35 pregame game time is at 110 at a. Sh. Let me tell you right now about here. Okay, Chuck Alphay, for over 35 years is provided guys amazing looking. Natural hair systems that are virtually 100% on detectable. And right now, Charles is introducing the latest development and hair restoration. It's called the new laser light therapy treatment. And this treatment is used for treating fine and thinning hair. It's FDA certified. It restores your hair and scalp back to its healthiest state while increasing hair shaft density and volume as well. The new laser light therapy and its cool light laser device are effective on both men and women. And it's a painless non-invasive treatment that is complete nearly about a half an hour. Now, there would just a 30 minute study of life and you can look swell. Charlie and his staff of Wooden's dramatic results with his new system that impedes hair follow for people with fine and thinning hair. So stop thinking that by some kind of a miracle, a magic wand that you're thinning hair is going to stop folding into the sink to shower and whatever. And give Charlie a call and find out more about his exciting new laser light therapy treatment. And how can solve your thinning hair problems forever? It really can change your life and make you look like a munch. Call him toll free 1-800-3212413. 1-800-3212413. I'm at wicked worldwide web at chowzofierre.com. You want a season? You need your new Roger. It's crucially on five six six eight eight eight. Give Ricky a call. Well, hello, Michael, I'm your office. I've learned. Yes, sir. What the hell? Go to finish it. What the hell are you doing to me? Are you going to make that right? What did I do now, sir? Hey, what's big, Rosie? Yeah, like, piglets, big piece of pink pole. What an amazing success. We're so proud of the animation in there. Nothing finished seven bison. Seven, get on with much money. We spent on that runky little stuttering pig. I like, eighty, ninety million dollars. Twenty, three million dollars on piglet and open seven. It's going to take me nine months to make my freaking money back. But, but, but, but, but, but, sir, the animation is. And the animation is terrible. I don't know what you're talking about. Oh, oh, oh, oh, I don't know what you're talking about. Oh, I don't know what you're talking about. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I got rhythm. So, I might, I know. I just, right up. Get ready for it. Revers, come in there. Get you. Stop! Come on, come on, Revers. What's my hell? You're doing something to me. This is the most... A drainage system? Yeah, you know, this is the most major natural drainage This is, you know, used to drain off your blood water I know a drainage system is, right? I don't need a drainage system in my office for heaven's sake I don't even have a water pump I swear, yes or no By the way, I forgot that How did the Oscars go? Oh, funny you should ask guys Now that's my next topic Was it an amazing time? What the hell? Why are you doing this? Are you doing the main put me on stage with Jennifer Garner from Aliya? Well, we figured since she's on ABC I know what, I figure I do it just for how that it be fun I figure I did a little action afterwards You know what she says to me? I'm married, I can't do that You're my boss, I don't want to go down my door Hang on a minute, there's an explosion in my office Wait a minute Get off me, this is like a wreck What the hell you're doing to me? Let's go, all though But he missed out blasting through my walls I'm trying out a phone conversation with my Puts President Get away from me, we need to think like Go, go, go, go, go, go I swear Yes sir How about her? Are you doing the main put me on stage? But we'll all sir, how did it go with Jennifer? It did not sir I got nothing Nothing, nothing You wouldn't give me a hand But we'll all show you our merry men I give them a lot, get some like mini I want a home, she's so nice to all you I'm safe with Jennifer, go on up you lovely So much wanted to get me over here I said I don't want a merry mini I just want a run Bring it back, come on Remus, what are you doing? It's a true home Get your crew on here I have to be a home for help Are you doing the main put me? For 14, or when pre game 1235 Three men were trampled to death in a rush to claim vouchers at the first Ikea furniture showroom in Saudi Arabia, oh oh oh Way off They just ripped over their schmothes That might have been good Oh, thank Three men trampled to death in a rush to claim vouchers at the first Ikea furniture showroom and Saudi Arabia today 16 shoppers were injured, they sweden based furniture store opening in Jetta Minux revived some 20 customers who had fainted in the crush Ikea said two were killed Oh man Those middle Eastern schmothes Man, what a sense of humor they got The rush was triggered by an offer for the first 50 shoppers to receive 150 dollars in vouchers And Ikea statements had more than 20,000 people showed up Well, let me stuff with all our slippers over there Right Because they're all sluppers and of course they're ruling family They got all the money and all the oil and everybody else is like, you know Nichols and dimes Hospital officials said two of the dead were a Pakistani and a Saudi national The Ikea statements said the company were close to the Saudi security officials to plan the opening Ikea's known for a simple reasonably priced product I see You never heard of her doing that Ikea would a big yellow and blue sign we got them in Toronto Okay, I had them and I'm stood on They're all over the world I haven't seen it Yeah, well there you go All right, you can still go get trampled to that here, especially on Christmas time Yeah, we're hurricane time Had like some hurricane bottle head dolls I like the hurricane something I think about it It's sorely has something I think about shaped like Joseph Gackies head It's 56705 and of course nobody's gonna remember because we don't want to like reminisce her He and her lot of bad crap happen, but your wrist is life is a dead helping people Helicopter crashed Was there a few airplanes and even his was in uh huh and he yeah his was the one it crashed Crash and then we played all in there two people died and he survived to right a gackie Trying to take hurricane supplies those desperate people And I think yeah that was a really nice thing You know what? Just days after he returned from that near fatal crash the management of WI would he said good job You'll invite away if you're fired it and the best part of Donald Trump you fired If I Being all hard as those people at cost broadcasting always were and will be what a bunch of great robbers, you know Oh, yeah, I'll take care of George Yeah, that's your good good buddy. Why is it that management always hates you so much? What are those things? How about a big candy? Did you have any demons with Disney? Not as much Hi, little bit when Gary Bruce was making my life miserable making me do all this busy work I wasn't like Disney I was like no need to be great. I was no need my case and he just told Gary Bruce everything I said I see and then of course There was your little friend Bob Green that you just the swing club They were trying to get him late in there. He did my best and of course you take one look at Bob and you say you kidding me But and he also stabbed you in a bad. Yeah, well, and then of course here you got Greg Reed your most personal phrase And everybody the building knows that Greg H. You so does and it's part of that fine job You've been doing in the great numbers we had in the summer and in the July trend and last summer be a number one in men in the the whole deal in the summer Don't matter. He still hates you So you have a little bit of a problem with management. I'd be working on that if I were you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on E. Verizon wireless and singular wireless line Let's get in a whole bunch of calls here before that big Marlon pregame short 12 35. What do you say? Huh, all right at least a couple WQA and hello Pretty good I just want your prediction on the hurricane. I want to walk you in the where you think it's gonna go you want to lock me in what's the purpose of that? I don't know I just want to know where you think it's gonna go where I think it's gonna go. Yeah, I said yesterday I thought that yeah, I think it's gonna overflow to right. I said yesterday. I thought that the I-I-I-I was gonna go like over Maybe between Melbourne and for the peers in the middle there or up there and that neck of the was between there and Jacksonville somewhere and now of course They revised the cone Yes, nothing. Maybe that's why didn't you have to revise Jeff Cohen and he ate like come in no more. That's fine What and he didn't even call supposed supposed you had broadfax sandwich supposed we wouldn't have thought about getting the big in front Got the apple moody all up that wouldn't have done it kept you all away going go 1235. I don't think so. How could you be alive by 1235? It's cold though if Jeff Cohen let us down again, but that's okay because you don't find it spots anyway. It's 1218 At 560 WQM if you're on the Atkins which by the way that apple is not here. I should point out is that an Atkins approved apple? They're sugarcane here. It's low in what is that term that they use about carbs Not effective carbs What's that word? I'll think of it. And that's totally bogus by the way, but anyway If you're on the Atkins the South Beach sugarbusters are any low carb sugar free diet And you want to store where you can get lots of variety lots of taste and that store is the lights a West Booker For years the lights is helped thousands of low carb dieters achieve their weight loss goals And now the lights a West Booker celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discounts about to 50% off I'm low carb products like carbolite purity like carbsense and lots more It is their anniversary super special you can save half off all Atkins brands food products and supplements too And don't forget to grate selection of low carb bakery items delicious stuff like cheesecakes, breads rolls and brownies And as always it delights you can sample anything in the store before you lay out cash and buy it to make sure you like it Your staff knows low carb dieting inside and out and the lights is open every day till 10 Don't forget the guaranteed lowest price policy on all Atkins carbolite and pure delight products too Because the lights a West Booker will absolutely not be under sold You'll find the lights on the Northeast corner of glaze and 441 right next to Boston market or column tool free at 1-877 low carb That's L-O-W-C-A-R-B-R-R-N-W-W-It's low carb dot com The lights a West Booker is your official Atkins retail center You're listening to Neil Roger Fizz exclusively On the 5th of May The country has no need to go I've played for the first time On its 23-bit year We're attracting love in January In front of this guaranteed inventory We're going to be the first time we've got it. Are you doing it? We're going to be the first time we've got it. We're going to be the first time we've got it. From 24-Marlon's, we're going to get some extra 3-5. It's only moments away. And then we got the Amarlon's and the team on 10-7. Now, how are David and Pourdy vacationing? That's the most splendid. That's the most... We're going to get back to the ballgame. And then after that, after that, we don't know. No hurricane hotline tonight. We don't know that. And there's still... See, I got them convinced that we should not be here tomorrow any of us. Good. Ha ha ha ha. They're so easy. Because I don't think it's back during Andrew and IOD. I remember getting to call the next day. Like, three or four in a morning and they're saying, Oh, well, can you come in? We're going to like rotate, Chuck Meyer and you and this one and that one. We all like spent hours in there. You know, sitting at the anchor desk. There we go. All kinds of people answering people's phone calls and questions. We had like a real radio station that cared that had a conscience. And we didn't bother any community. Oh, sorry. Huh? We're involved in a different community now. In the sports and the Jackson-thin community, right? Because the important question is, What about that, you and FSU game? And we still don't have an answer about that. Has anyone even opened that door and said, Well, we're going to know by seconds at a time or the club Marlon series. And even sports stuff, they don't know. So when it comes to situations like this, we must say that our middle-level management step here at this radio station is useless as Breast on a ballpoint pen. Unless you're writing a lot of letters. What do you mean? You happen to have one right there. Well, getting away. And anyway, here's the appell results so far. Who's done the best job so far of covering hurricane Francis? 337 votes. They all suck. Hundred. That's the frustration man. And I can understand why. How come they don't know something? You know? Well, the cone there's a, I think they've been looking too many ice cream cones myself. Firstly, Mr. Norcross and Miss Kamal. They're getting their legs. So many ice cream cones. Don't you think? Yeah. I think they said big wide thing, man. They all suck 100. Whether Channel 80, done, uh, No, has got 61. He's good. He's lucky. He's accurate. He's articulate. He's, he's our buddy, man. Don't know. I'm not just saying that because we got that working relationship with Channel 10. Because you'll notice we haven't talked in months on this show. Right. And you want to know why? Because he's busy doing this stuff there on Channel 10. I wouldn't want to infringe on his thing. If we want him to put him on there. We don't want to put Mayor, uh, teeny weeny on there. Oh, God. You heard our distorted that is? Yeah. That's because it's him. He's a he's distorted and twisted. Roll instead. I'm just got, uh, 30 votes. Channel 6 nice job. Roll. He's okay. Ryan R. Claw's 27. Now see, he's way down list. And, uh, course in his online. He thinks he's the, the, uh, His story is specialist. Little Lizzy. No. Miss Kamal, a channel 7 is only got 19. Bob Sopers got 10. And Jen Herrera is tied with Bob Soper. Now 10 of piece. I'll 30. And there's Mayor, uh, Uh, what is it? There's actually been some reports. I've, uh, 10. That are not, uh, supplying through to, uh, the, whatever grades. Burger corporation, Burger, hein corporation restaurants and port centers in daylight and water for close today. They got a whole list. Why don't they just put on it like we said before. Whatever it is if you think about it, it's closed. Right. It's closed and then going to be operating. If actually wouldn't it be better if they put places on there that are open? Uh, hey. Like, maybe, maybe nearby there's like a Wendy's. It's got a generator, right? Like if the power goes up, we can go through the drive through real maybe it's a little bit slow, riddien will say that we can swim through the drive for mangoes. How would that be good idea to swim through the drive through? Can you? Yeah. That's it. Not a bad idea. In fact, I think I'm going to get that. The one good thing about West Brower now, by me, we got great, uh, drainage. In fact, you can't complain about our drainage. Guys, we don't have any. Anybody remember the flood of the Mcerwinner there that hockey game a couple of years ago? Oh, man. That was beautiful. Well, they spend a lot of money building that they just forgot about one thing like, you know, sewers. Yeah. Well, they go to the swan. And of course, what would we know about sewage stuff like that? Yeah. And I don't know how to taste territory. Isn't it something we're all like backed up. We got another break. We just got to do it a break. We'll better take it. Why? We got like eight more minutes. Yeah. Well, we only got four minutes worth of spots. Okay. I mean, we have time to take several calls from people want to let us know whether we should brave the storm and come into Marona. I mean, I took me about 20 seconds to talk him into that. Maybe a little longer. 30 seconds. And I said, oh, yeah, because because they have been saying that the Clement weather was going to start late tonight. Correct. So I'm taking in my own mind. I'm taking it back to days of the past and maybe tomorrow morning it's going to be like nasty. Right. I like to evacuate. I'm not going to risk our lives coming in this to. I'm going to kind of marginal money. They're paying you. Exactly. Yeah. So we'll think about it. But I've got to stretch out. Oh, my. Your morning. So whoever sent us into this because without you folks, so we have nothing here. Hurricane warning is in effect right now for southeast Florida coast and like Okotoba and Clitting Metro Palm Beach, Broward and Bade. Hurricane wind warning and inland hurricane wind warning is an effect for all inland South Florida counties except coastal Codgar and mainland Monroe County. And a floodwatch is an effect for all South Florida counties through Sunday, except coastal Codgar and mainland Monroe County. This is important. Wind impacts. Winds will begin increasing across South Florida early tomorrow with tropical storm force winds arriving along the southeast coast tomorrow afternoon. Hurricane force winds would affect the Palm Beach and north east Broward Metro areas beginning around midnight to Marnight Friday night, lasting in the Saturday. Across South Broward and Miami-Dade tropical storm force winds would arrive late Friday afternoon, lasting in the Saturday. This would be a very long time for such strong winds which means a greater potential for significant damage, including destruction of mobile homes and excessive damage to weaker structures like gas station roofs. Be sure to store all on furniture secure swing sets and the loose yard items remove coconuts from palm trees because they can become deadly missiles in her case for a hurricane force winds. There's still uncertainty with the exact track of bar Francis and should the track be shifted the wind impact would change significantly. Got it? Got it? You got it?