Friday you best in the world. Oh, buddy plow. Glow. Oh, buddy plow. I went to coaches and stayed and something wasn't right. I took the world from down the street and I took out my flashlight. That's it. And I suspected something funny. When I saw the father's blood, then I jumped over the wall and the knocked on Kato's door. Don't need I'm some thumbs you heard, so I looked around some more. And I suspected something funny. When I found a buddy plow, a buddy plow. Barrel in the torpedo. A buddy plow. Oh, oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. That's the thing we knew, O J went on a low speed. Run the ride. Now he's in an LL jail charge for double, homicide. Now believe it's the first degree. Murderies, guilty of it's because. Oh, oh, buddy plow. Oh, oh, oh. He just won't go away. O J just refuses to disappear every time when we think we are rid of me. Just keeps popping up again. Like a nightmare. Hey, dude. He's talking about how he murdered those people and given this celebrity status and all his money back. Oh, you don't think he really did do it. Ha ha ha. Before we do anything else, I want to urge everybody who's anywhere near a computer right now. Yeah, before they take it off. But we don't know what it is. We don't. You show me. So Josh that picture. I wrote everything. I witnessed everybody. And what is it? It's a you tell me. Okay. To put no. The article in the New York Post this morning says, O J Blames Nicole. Now if you go to NYPOST.com, New York Post.com, just NYPOST. And click on under the news stories where it says, O J Blames Nicole does click on the link to that story. And the story will pop up. And there is a picture next to the story. That is captured O J Simpson. Now we only could wish that he started to deteriorate that badly. If that really could be him, there must be a guide. You know what? Oh, brother. That is maybe somebody can tell us what that is. A costume? A costume? A costume? I don't know how much the toy things out here. I mean, we know why time made O J so black. How come the post made him so light and bizarre. But anyway. Oh, wait. I got it. This is some other guy named O J Simpson. Well, there you go. This is the real killer. Anyway, here's a letter from New Times. We got a lot of O J stuff coming. We got the bread of ancestors and brown Schwartz is going to be interviewing him on Fox. She always did the interview. And every publication in America is just ripping him an ass today, which we love. We hate you, O J. Light Poison. Isn't that ironic that Square Enkomen for a where guest appearance before the show this morning to beg an ass me a favor, which of course I granted. How can we turn her down? Roy. Isn't that ironic that one of the O J liquors in the building? Square Enkomen was in there just a little while ago. Here's a letter from my good close personal friend Michael Cohen, whoever he is. He's the publisher of New Times. A Miami New Times. I don't realize it's called Miami New Times. Whatever it is. A handout. There are Mr. Neorajers. Allow me to congratulate you as you undoubtedly already know you were selected best AM radio personality by readers in New Times. 16th annual best to Miami issue. The eagerly awaited annual issue which flew off New stands is now in the hands of 350,000 readers. Many of whom will consult at frequently incoming months. For more than 16 years South Florida's most authoritative guy to good living best of Miami is a keeper that readers thumb through again and again. For the sixth consecutive year New Times vest of Miami issue also offers you additional exposure to potential customers. Consumers can outwax is the entire best of Miami issue on our archival website. Miami Times is the Bioti-Aioti-Aioti-Aioti.com. The site provides an invaluable reference to web surfing readers as they make shopping and entertainment choices throughout the next 12 months. Again let me congratulate you on such a highly competitive marketplaces South Florida to be single out as our readers favor is truly something to be proud of best wishes for another great year. Since certainly Michael Cohen publishes your new time as well as then I thank you Michael for where we are. Sounds like a good Jewish boy don't it? Sounds like it to make a human be voting for a George Bush. By the way Bush and a Pope will be sitting side by each now which ones got the Tony and Etp era. Wow. Who's the most in co-haired of those two? Our book are right there. Anyway here's the appell result from yesterday before we get to all of a other OJ stuff. Anybody out there wants to take a look. I don't know. Look at that picture. Maybe you can enlighten us as to what that is. Maybe we're missing something. What is it? I don't know. Is it alive? Is it a thing? Make up. Is it? We have to be a hell of a- I could understand like the face part you know but the neck looks like the guy that runs the ringtodys at the euphare. I know which ring it is too. That's the one stuff I was talking about this morning. Here's yesterday's poll result. What's some people ever bring around the collar so I have bring around them. Right. What's offload of TV radio TV personnel needs to return next. Those are poll question yesterday. 1440 votes plus and the obvious winner. There was no doubt. Ricky Tickie Sanchez 627. They hate you like poison, Rick. They want you to retire. Now, if not sooner. And that's your yours, my God. What an abortion. Kelly Craig and we say this with great regret and the dismay because we love Kelly. We love you, Kelly. Don't take it personal. She might make today's poll too as matter fact. She might. Oh, that's bad. Especially since you already wrote around there. Yeah. Well, at least we're keeping our name alive anyway. Kelly Craig 144. Spilky's the rate of 122 probably the most anxious of the mall on channel 7 and it covers a lot of territory. To write a lot of day on 96 since he shaved the mustache off, they just don't like him no more. Since they took Anne's body back to the Aquimatorium. Tony's the Greto 91 silly Tony. Maryland, Mitchell, old cat eyes bitch 46 big drop off there between Tony and Maryland, Mitchell. Nelson, shine, you'll ham hot boy on channel 443 and he's still heat you with the Florida now, like poison. In fact, I've heard of her good and order breakfast. They might have some real special for you. Michel Gillen 39 tied with Brian or across. I think that's a good pairing. Those two since you courses the number one Fag Hagin town. I see him in 37. Speaking of that, Miss Hurricane or Jack Hurricane or WPBT channel 2 public television got 35. He's got his eye to the sky. He's got his eye to your fly to the sky. Angela raised guy. I'm dirty man. 30. I'm so I thought you did it. I'm better. Maybe they just view her as a little bit of humor. That's why both. Tom and early. Lonnie Quinn 29. They don't like you, Lonnie. I don't know who you are, but they sure don't like you. Bob Mayer 26 nice to see little Bobby are good friend drop down to the list. They don't want Bob to retire. They like seeing little guy sitting on a phone book. Elliott Rodriguez 19. I guess the audience doesn't share my dismay in the Skuston content or maybe nobody watches channel 4 news. Jennifer Vlopy 15 with her massive gigantic ego. An Oleshalane is in last place with 7. And Miguel was saying there ain't nothing wrong with Lyshalane. Never heard of her. And we don't have no idea who she is, but if Miguel says it, well, this probably a problem. Anyway, getting back to OJ, we're going to be OJ intensive. The inquire comes out. Got it in my hand right now. And there are Zillions and Zillions articles about OJ and his daughter, Rob. They go into a big cat fight with him and all the other crap. That's right. That's right. Robert Taxo, Jason Simpson. I love that. Don't you love it? And then when you're coming to fight out, that's to honor the memory. Huh? I guess I was going to get you to Natasha Hensstraj. I better do that right away. I do want to describe a lot of disperse horny guys out there. Natasha Hensstraj is behind our beaded curtain that I knew Rogers.com. If you owe the age of 55, if you have 72 pieces of ID, photo ID, the only accepted. And if John Hascroft don't like go tilt when you click on it, you might be able to take quick peek. And it's all there for you. She was born August 15, 1974, which makes her almost... Stop, dirty man! Right? They're built. Close to it. Yeah, 29 and two turrets. Natasha Hensstraj is born in Springdale, Newfoundland, Canada, A. And boy, she's got, I got off pages here, man. Wow, wow, wow, she's been in everything all over the place. Sometimes credit that as they chick from species. Yeah. What I call. Yes? Then Yards chances to that. Power and beauty. She spies. Widers. Mostly true stories. Girl three guys in a gun. Yeah. That's grand was an out one. Kevin of the North. Ghost of Mars. Vitterway to die. Second skin. Bounce. Jason and the Argonauts that had to be Jew. You. Oh, just just too many. Kill. What is it? Kill you twice. Belladana. These two stand off, maximum wrist species, 1995. And as Zin and TV appearances like the LHR with Craig Kilburns, Jimmy Kim alive and Sharon Osborns show it on the Natasha Hensstraj is on our thing today. And if you're lucky, maybe she'll be on your thing tomorrow. What is this thing that you just packed me about that experiment? Is this something worth my looking at or not? Oh, we were talking about it before, but as somebody mentioned the real experiment, you saw it on the news coverage when this whole Abu, Abu Gharad. Oh, that's what I don't want to go. We have to move you out. I saw that. We don't want to go back to that. I saw the movie. It's boring. At any rate, OJ, let me just do the OJ thing here real quick. Or should I do today's pool? I guess we'll do today's pool first. Just give you something to like. And maybe somebody's already looked at that picture. You think it has an idea who that is? WQM OJ line. Hello. Hey, honey. Do I got an OJ story there? I ran by him. I hate that best. Yeah. The king calling my name, Beatza's a condominor. He's coming there for a friend of mine. He's the one who's both. And he walks up with his link and navigator. It gets all limp and out. And one of my coworkers tells him, I'm going to have your autograph. And I was right next to him. And he goes, you wanted to to me. And I said, no. So he got a friend that he goes, why? I said, I rather have him. Charles Manson's autograph. Mr. Yurt. And he got a bit of a, he walked away. And then I go, at least he admitted it. You know, lower. He didn't hear. He heard me. But I said, lower. No, so he thought he did it. So he went and got me fired because of that man. He got you fired? Yeah. I got fired because then the next day the boss comes, you know, the man who lived there. I'm not going to say who it is, but he lived in between 10 or 8 and 10 or 10. And he went complaining in their fire. He'd be a little nervous to sit in. Which side is he? I'm not going to put his name out there. But that's what we were talking about. I see. But I hate that best. And I see him. I want to poop down his grandmother's throat. OK. Well, that sounds like something to talk about. But why punish grandma? You know, she didn't kill anybody. She didn't kill anybody. No, no. Yeah. Anyway, not because of you. Maybe that's in the picture. In fact, maybe maybe Josh Beckett out of here something about that. Maybe that might. Oh, let's go home. It's not going to get better than that today. I know. The problem is already in and home. Well, you're sure facts to me a lot of stuff. Have you ever won a scene this website? No. Your call radio, no, or you might want to check it out. I was listening to wax. He's 790 this morning. I just can't imagine why. And they had a show produced by this radio station. I was interesting to talk by David Corton. I don't have any idea what that means or what they're talking about. And quite frankly, OK, here's our poll today. Who's your all-time favorite fat person that are alive? And we're not just talking about fat like me or mole. We're talking about real fat. Now we got down. Some people on our station who qualify like the Humper, right? Right? The beast. We could put it on. Now the beast is not one of my least favorite fat people. You know, the beast in the moan hour bonding in, see the beast and moan have a lot in common. And that is they both keep, they both keep wandering around trying to find somebody that they can launch onto. Now the beast has been rejected by forrowed by Joe Rose by yours truly again now by moa several times. But it looks like the two of them are like, it looks like they're getting back together again. I'm pleased to see that. Some of you want to send them a congratulatory message. Does anybody have any idea who that picture is before I do the poll? No. I was John Dandy. Now that's a psychic collar because the first name I held, they're already calling for the poll. I was just still curious about the OJ picture in the post. John Candy, Kelly Craig, Dave Dixon, Big Wilson or Marlon Brando. Those are the first five names that we have for list and then you folks can add several thousand more. Love it a clock Dave Johnson will be calling because we got the Belmont tomorrow. Bye, and local. We are sports video 560's UAS UAM. I just got. Time's up. Legalized name, every chugging TV show. David Edwards, it's the end of the world. If you're a home of old or a revvocant, it's coming to a theater and possibly a family near you. Gay after tomorrow. There's a title as almost actual's coming at the right now. There's only right. We're not going to work. Oh my god, this is the entire line of the drama. The organization of Gayner is sweeping across the planet. Cononus after coming nation after nation state after state. Well, just one state so far, but that's just the beginning. The start of the year is a go with Ellen's generous. Now it's a home of public event of global proportion. It's the epic saga of one man's desperate struggle to prevent the whole world from becoming gay or tolerating anyone who is towards WWE of stars and the biggest plump monster of the summer. Gay after tomorrow. He there when it comes out and theaters this summer. I've got RAP18 at 5.60 WDQAM and an interview marking the 10th anniversary of Nicole Brown Simpson's murder, the Anxious OJ Simpson virtually blames his X-Wife for her own sling. The Claire's Kobe bride and Jacko innocent appears to mock the idea of date rape and plugs his own tacky reality TV show. Says the New York Post with his very bizarre picture. What is it? It could be him. And based on what? Based on that's how he goes out so that he don't get recognized. Right. The disgraced grid legend makes the offhand of comments and a TV interview with Fox News channels the grotesque look and grette of Ancuster and Brown shorts. Speaking about how he's handled the anniversary of his wife slaying Simpson says he's angry with Nicole for keeping an unsavory social set in 1994. The year a knife wielding a salant him slaughtered Brown and Rodden will gollment outside her breadwood condo. I'm angry with Nicole. I'm angry that she found herself hanging out with this group of who are these people Simpson said. I could count on my fingers the times I've seen pay a resume and this is a group of no man as I guess. Then Nicole started hanging out with after we were divorced and her mother didn't like him. Bencester and Simpson take their 44 minute chat recently at a hotel in Miami. During the interview which here is Monday at 10pm Simpson shamelessly plugs a prank reality TV show he claims to be developing. Simpson compared it to MTV show featuring actor Ashden Kuchi Kuchi Kuchir pulling stunts. It's a takeoff on something called punk. It's me doing gag as juice. Juice what they call juicing people he said on a scale of 110 it's 7 or 8 that it's going to happen. Oji. I figured he'd call it. Oji had harsh words for almost everyone involved in his trial saving his most blood attack for Denise Brown who runs a foundation for her sister's memory. He claims she's profited from Nicole's murder. I'm sure the income is down on a foundation that she works for which I would imagine makes her income go down Simpson said. I don't think anyone's bills have been paid more than Denise's from what came from the trial. Whatever that means. Simpson also comments how the prosecution's of NBA star Kobe Bryant and King of Plop Michael Jackson he believes both are innocent. Bryant has accused of raping a hotel employee Eagle County Colorado Jackson's been a died for allegedly molesting young cancer victim Lythuan Santa Barbara County as far as I'm concerned they bride and Michael Jackson or innocent till proven guilty Oji said. Just like him. In commenting on Bryant's case Simpson appeared to mock the concept of date rape saying, no doesn't always mean no. I have certainly in my life had girls come to the room and say no or say whatever and when I was a kid growing up just about every girl said no once a laughing Simpson said, you know they had to because you think that they were slaughter something. In my opinion date rape and stranger rape are two different things entirely. So no doesn't always mean no. I'll be right back. With that, recently June 12th anniversary next week Simpson said he and the two children were in the cool city 18 and just in 16 have already toasted their mom's memory. This is the best part. I don't look at the anniversary. I regret the fact that we ever had to know that this is the anniversary. I did mark the occasion a few days ago. I didn't have my kids at dinner at a Benihana type place. I guess he liked the colorary. And I said okay we got to toast this would have been your mother's 45th birthday if I wouldn't have killed a bitch. I mean. Now do we figure out who that picture is yet? No. Line 9 probably knows WQAM. Jackie Gleason. Jackie Gleason is still allowed to offer to fatpool I see. Why do you got two possibilities now? Come on you got to take a look at this thing and my post dot com OJ Blames Nicole. What is an ericty one of them to a post it? Yeah that's not a bad idea. Maybe Eric will get around to do a man. Well it's speaking of Eric and his Japanese wife you're going to be very relieved to hear this before we get back to all his other stuff. You are going to breathe a sigh really when you hear this story from USA today. Okay. No sex please were Japanese. I think you're pardon me. To an astonishing degree astonishing that's just ordinary pedestrian kind of interesting but astonishing degree as in. Oh my god. Right. The sexes are going their opposite ways in Japan. Young women are revolting. I see revolting again. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. There's nothing that's happening these days with depressing rigidity between Japanese men and women. Joico Saki was nervous when looking forward to a romantic getaway with a man she'd been seeing but when they arrived at the seaside hotel last while her bull requested separate rooms. Stunned. Saki nevertheless anticipated a late night knock on the door it never happened. Nothing happened the Tokyo writer said. Mirages, birds and hanky, Panky are all spiraling downward with troubling implications for Japan's future. A sagging birthday means that fewer working-age people will be around the supply growing population of the elderly. of the elderly a social crisis looms. Now, there may be George W. We believe that his daughter's going to be one of those student, whatever they call his program programs. Right. A student exchange thing, and she's going to be in Tokyo. I'm assuming Tokyo, right? Now, get out. Oh, all over there, they're doing like crazy. Seriously. In a 2001 survey, Condemaker Durwex found that Japan ranked dead last among 28 countries in the frequency of sexually average Japanese had sex just 36 times a year. Hong Kong was nice to last with 63, guess who was number one? America. Yeah, you got it. How many or 24 times a year? No, I just guess it. Americans, right? Number one. Frequency of sex. They're horny. They're a district. Well, of course, we are talking below up to 1000 things like that. How about Chris Farley for the poll, formerly alive and from Saturday Night Live, so Steve? Okay, you got a lot of fat comedians, a lot of fat mostly dead comedians, because like we said over and over again, how about Tom Deloise? He's still alive. Oh, I don't want to say, when did he die? No, but I'm just saying, this isn't for dead. This is a dead or alive. We could start a show called Saturday Night Dead with all the dead people that used to be on that show. Yeah. Just 1.1 million babies were born in Japan last year. The third straight decline, the average Japanese couple of reproduces just 1.32 children. One and a third. Well, below the minimum 2.08 needed compensate for deaths is the result of plummeting growth rates. The pan's population is expected to peak in 2006 and then decline rapidly, which is probably good news because they seem to suffer from a very bad overpopulation problem if you ask me. I haven't been there, but when you look at the country geographically, it's a very small country on a map. Yeah. And Tokyo is just teaming with millions and millions. So they could probably use a little bite, you know? Right. I guess that's the place to go if you want some. There's a need. If you want some what? Fun. Hmm. Three dollars going there. 5.670, 5.60, pound, 5.60 on the 18. So, and I just just passed this long to let them on a good bog down on this all-estah. And his name is not Chalabhi. If his lawyer pronounces it Chalabhi, which is always good enough for me before, that's good enough too. Ahmed Chalabhi, the Iraqi politician suspected by US authorities of having told Iran the spring that its secret communication code had been broken, was involved in an intercept episode nine years ago according to senior administration officials. Now, there was this is nothing new. Did I tell you he was a crooked, a slime ball? I told you that. Yep. Officials yesterday recounted an incident in early 1995 when Chalabhi's name turned up and encrypted Iranian cable reporting a purported CIA back plan to assassinate Saddam Hussein and Iraq's president. The message was intercepted by US intelligence and caused a major political stern Washington. It looks now like there's a chance that this whole thing the neocons may have got sucked in by the Iranians. He might have been a part of it. He was the victim for the middle of it. He and his husband providing all this phony weapons. All this information, now weapons advanced destruction and all these other phony documents. How do you like that? They're so smart. How could they? Yeah. They're so smart. Like, look at the more like that. So all these over 800 Americans who have died over there in the 45,000 injured remain and all the other thousands of video rackies guess what? Oops. Maybe we got sucked in. Oops. Sorry. WCM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. This is for the dead person for the fat person's fall. Yeah. I'm thinking about putting on a big Wilson. Is there any on-use sir? Okay. Thanks a lot. He's got four votes and thank you so much. Yeah, we're talking about not just people a little bit chubby, but yeah, people big enough to be buried in a piano case. My life and low all this is for 205. 60 years away and weigh him. Good bye Chris Barley. You great big fatty. Always acting like a great big fat dump retard. And every film you'll ever bat. Till that core David's big. This career could fade cause. All he has left is that label TV show. He won't be making bloody movies no more. And you wanted to be just like John Belushi and have drawn him can these tunes. You finally baited. But we're not too careful what you wish. Give us lots of laughter on Saturday night. But you were way too young to die to commit fat men to a side. Oh, oh. Goodbye Chris Barley. What did you heat to? Blood like the big balloon eating like a fool. That would only bring you certain death. The farmers are upset. And all you left was some cable movies and a few tales of your pants that will fill to make community pools. And you wanted to be just like John Belushi and have drawn him can these tunes. You finally made it. But we're not too careful what you wish. Your attitude can hold a piano. Got to choose the right. Now you reap the pizza in the sky. You got so fat you die. Oh my God. And it wasn't one more than there that we had to like a posh key round. I said, I said, here run on the edge of my seat. This is my finger right on it. 1032 at 560 WQM 2 and a man dog the afternoon 2 to 4 as he broadcasts live from the Hooters in Durel. Stop by one of our embarrassing reload budget prizes and enjoy. He can hire you in beer specials during the show. Enjoy some honey can. I was asking about this morning if you like it in the bottle. I joined a QM QD student from a utility village grill and pump. He was a professional commercial in A1A stopped by for prizes and specials on beer. That's German. Oh the fat Elvis. Yeah. I guess that's okay. All right. Well he was sure pretty monstrous back in the day back in those Vegas days when he was bursting out of his outfits. Those outfits are like two, three sizes too small. Now sit down. Ballouche is mentioned in a bit. How about John Ballouche now? He was. He was. He was pretty gigantic. And the combination of all and heavy duty drugs and the fat I think is like what kind of put him over the edge. Wouldn't we agree on that? Yeah. So John Ballouche and Elvis, the fat Elvis who want to be sure and put that on their drugs. Pat Elvis. As opposed to the skinny Elvis. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Speaking of fat. Here's what I want to put on. There we got some people like this fat individual. How about the fat rush? Okay. The battle between Rush Limbaugh and Prosecutor's Investigating and for less prescription drug abuse took another nasty turniest day when the conservative right way Nazi comatated were accused of breaking court rules in the sleeping the judges hearing the case. The latest disagreement arose earlier this week when assistant state attorney Jim Mark stole an appeals court that Limbaugh's attorney provided wrong information in the case. Votes had appeared. Before the fourth district court of appeals enabled it would be whether Limbaugh's medical records which were released for the ongoing criminal investigations should remain private during the court hearing. Limbaugh's attorney where black told judges that the Florida medical, the Florida legislature had a one time revised state lawsuit that medical records could not be taken by search warrant on Tuesday. Mars provided the court with information that blacks comments were incorrect. But two days later black fired back arguing that prosecutors were missing five years with the body of law makers discussions when they made the resurgence. The prosecutor is wrong and his research recklessly incomplete black charge and response file the court yesterday. Prosecutors may have many powers but they don't have the power to skip five years of legislation and rewrite history. He has the court to find marks for his false accusations. Mike Edmonds and spokesman for the marks office declined to come and further on a case yesterday. And y'all be ready. So I bought the fat rush. He was just trying to take them pills to cover up his back pain that's all. It kind of opinion the ass. I'm like what the fuck was told me. So let's put the fat rush on there. Okay fat rush Limbaugh. We got it. We got it. I got it. Five six seven. There is anybody now got any idea. Oh, no, we don't. This is one of the great mysteries. I think that I've brought to the public's attention. Far more desperate than anything else going on in the world today. Who is this picture? It says very clearly under their OJ Simpson. Can there be more than one OJ Simpson? No, we sure hope and pray not because if there is. If there like a whole bunch of them there surely must be a lot of evil doers on the loose. Maybe I'll present it. They's got a point. I mean, you look at the New York Daily News and they got a big, or stripping him an ass by the way. They got a big story, but it's like the OJ that we know and hate. It's the same, you know. I don't get it. WQAM, hello. How you doing, Uncle Neil? Great. I tried to reach you yesterday because I just cut back from California and you were talking about assimilating. Yeah. Going up and down the coast, especially near the Bay Area, there was 10 million and one Chinese radio shows and 10 million and one Spanish radio shows. It seems like all over the country there's no assimilation. And there was one good thing that I did find out there. A lot of the thing calledization? Yeah. It was actually still some decent music, but they were just some of the small stations out there along the coast. But as far as, you know, the American stations or whatever, there's really no assimilation. And I got somebody through your pole, somebody that you don't really like, but he was big and sad in the combination of drugs and the fat Jerry Garcia. No, Greg, I don't dislike him. I just wasn't into that whole thing, yeah, that whole stick. But as far as the assimilation is all over the country, because even when I was in Reno, Nevada, out there, they had 10 million and one Hispanic station. Trust me, man. Calamazoo Michigan, check it out. Thank you. And have a great weekend, Baba. Okay, you got it? We got Jerry Garcia. Before if we're Terry Garcia, we probably wouldn't have fish food, right? Right. I don't know what Jerry Greg, well, I mean the fish was just another one of those. Fire, fire, fire, fire. Yeah, that's right. By the great pole, dad, dad, dad, dad. I'm looking at this, I got to put this down. This OJ picture is gonna be aggravated. Nightmare decade for OJ's Dream Team. You're like this, story. You love it. I got stories up the old ashoot about the OJ shoot. Oh man, I'll tell you one thing OJ the day that we, that's my golden life. Is that a live that miserable bastard that murdering piece of crap? That's my goal. I just decided that right now, spontaneously, right on the air. Okay. Okay. I want to be around to see the day when they stick his murdering ass right in the ground. And we can imagine it'll be there tomorrow. You know, there'll be our some of our people there will be the water not see it. And we'll be a strong one. Oh, Jay, we miss you. Yeah, coffin climbers. Greg will be there. He'll be there when his Brooks brother suit would as crappy her cut. Nightmare decade for OJ's Dream Team. For the key members of OJ Simpson's Dream Team of attorneys, life's become a nightmare since the trial ended nine years ago. And we're delighted to see that. Oh, Flee Bailey has had a term career before we end up with Simpson representing characters as colorful as the Boston Stranger and Patty Hearst. But post OJ Bailey's luck has turned the crap nose dive. He was this bard and floor are done 2001. And the following year, Massachusetts for the way he handled 600,000 chairs of stock owned by convicted drug smuggler club Dubak and he spent 44 days in federal prison flora after refusing to turn over the stock to the government. In March 2003, Bailey was in hot water regany took $2 million in legal fees that legally belonged to the US government of federal jury and floated decided jurors ordered him to return and pay additional 3 million damages. In October a judge said that the decision is signed, but the US attorney's office in Orlando said it might file an appeal. The Dubak case also drove a wedge between Bailey and his longtime friend Dream Team member Robert Shapiro who represented the drug leader along with Bailey. Bailey believed Shapiro would be treated by testifying for the government against Bailey in the stock case and sworn never to deal with Shapiro again. Shapiro's luck's been better than Bailey's butt. He's also had some difficulties since the OJ trial. Oh, that good. He was recently dismissed by a client record producer Phil Spector, who secures the murdering a woman at his home. He did it. And he was dismissed by Yali Numan, a 20-year-old California woman charged with hatching a series of elaborate plots to Cheater's reigns husband out custody of their two children. Flam blight if the glove does not fit, you must equip and your foolish mid attorney Johnny Cochran, barely had time to save her as victory at Simpson's criminal trial, before his ex-wife published a book claiming Johnny Hitler and had a secret son by another woman, Cochran vehemently denied a viewsinger. And as the inquire of he of last week, Cochran recently underwent surgery for a golf-style golf ball-sized brain tumor. Oh, right! The architect of the dream team Simpson's longtime pal Robert Kardashian won't see him no more. That it is in Cino California home, my September only six weeks after marrying Ellen Pearson, eight weeks after he learned he had cancer of the esophagus. Esophagus, how they say it? Esophagus, you can say it. I never said it. I don't. Kardashian went to his grave when his reputation still solid by his ex-ins in the Simpson case. He was carrying a garment bag out of Simpson's house 24 hours after the double slaying. What everyone wanted and no was where Simpson's bloody clothes in there said his widow Ellen was Robert being an accomplice. After the trolley never spoke to the dream team again, a never spoke to OJ Simpson, and even out his deathbed OJ didn't get around to call and how he liked that. And he also told his wife of OJ does call, Thomas the wrong member. Where'd you go? I'd reach him for the effect of the fact that you're okay. It just affects me so much crap. Yeah, there's a lot of crap. Wow, just a lot of crap. All the crap all the time, man, more than we can handle. We're just drowning in C.A.C.A. Let's see how the effect jury Lewis. Yeah. He's no longer as big and blown up like the bull fry that he was. That fact is nothing slum. That's not the time in Fort Lauderdale says that's a little insensitive. A lady. A lady. Yeah, the fact you'd be sure to put the fat jury Lewis because most of his life, the jury Lewis said that we knew when despised was skinny. No, we never got the fact as I haven't sent them along, saying the fat kneel rotters from when you used to be fat. Okay. But they didn't never knew me when I was really really fat when I was up to 266. That was my surosota days 1973. Let me tell you get about my hamburger helper and my, that's true. I'm actually like a college football game on a Saturday afternoon. What's not to lie? I can go out and buy a box of hamburger helper, a pound of ground suroine. I cook it all up there in the frying pan through when the hamburger helper would fit all up. I get me a nice huge can of Hawaiian punch with sugar. And by the end of the day, I've eaten a whole thing. I eat a lot of them. What a lot of, yeah. And then I started to get these, uh, wake it up in the morning and I would these headaches and sweats and everything profusely. 266 pounds I got out of the doctor. We said you're going to die from fat, Mister. You got high blood pressure. Here's some pills. Go home and lose some weight. You fat, Tom Accrapped. My, my, my, my, my, my, my. And lower. This is sports video five. Six, six, six, six, five, two, eight. Yeah. In the most unique competition ever. A group of ordinary women will hand over their lives to a tune of cosmetic and plastic It's just like the swan, but in a surprised waste, we make them ugly. Behind that curtain, there's a mirror. When you feel comfortable, you can let me know that you're ready. The mirror will be revealed. 1046-14-11 at 560WMD, 2 from Hooters. Then we got the big old at 4. Oh, and we've problems with that. The numbers in New York for the Belmont. We'll be talking to Dave Johnson next hour. Jay Z called 911. Guess he is. Oh. Marlon's on Dex history. Five Marlon's at the match. It's about time to win a game boys. 710-9, and then of course we got the VWM Reginald baseballs on AM-790, whancy for those who care about that. And then after the baseball on QA, and we got Tom Jika, you might want to ask Tom how come he didn't write about those radio ratings in the last book. And how come he doesn't write anymore about how big 106 lost to 80% of their audience after they blew off Sternock Fair Channel. All of these things that have to do with what's really going on. You might want to ask him that, but you probably won't. Anyway, we got 175 votes. Who's your all-time favorite fat person that are alive? John can these got 70. He's going to win hands down. Who didn't like John can be, right? He was great. Everybody's like it. Police in 31. Chris Farley 25. Kelly Craig 11. I told you he's going to make two polls in the same week. John Bolushi 10 Marlon Brando 7 Big Wilson. Hello big head six. Jerry Garcia 6. The fat rush limbao. Three. The fat the arrangers. Fat Elvis has got a pair. Although you couldn't find them. Dave Dixon won. Fat you're a Lewis Nun and John Goodman. No, I remember putting John Goodman on there. Not yet. I already passed the team. Oh, we're just trying to stay ahead of things. WCU I am hello. I'm going to mail. Yes sir. I got one for the policy. All right. Paul Casanovo. Seating his fat push at the Emma toast. That's right. I'll have a winner right there. Hands down. Okay. How about across the table from Wilson else? Wilson also a big good. Thank you. Okay. Orson Miles sounds excellent to me. Don't be picking out a good friend, Paul. We need all the friends we can get. What part of the godfather was that in? I'm going to eat all the friends I can. Oh no, that was in network. Right. Remember? Yes I do. William Holden. When he asked him to take back his letter of resignation. Hmm. RUDDY. Edward James Ruddy. Everham? Sure. He said, uh, I'm going to eat all the friends I can get. Sure. William Holden said, sure. How about a drink? Sorry. What a great actor. What a sad life. I'll see. I'll give people that are jealous of being a celebrity. Forget about it. Okay. We're talking about big celebrities. They're not talking about punks like radio people. We're talking about big, gigantic celebrities. Oh, god. About it. Right. They're on fault. You got money in fame and you'd drink yourself to death. Yeah. And drugs. Yeah. It is. How about jockey's? How about young jockey's that make tons and tons of it like Pat Valon's wayla? He just got suspended again. For the umpteen time for three would take a drug test. It was supposed to write in a bell on tomorrow. Yeah. Famous jockey, you wouldn't own because that's a padvalle of Venezuela. Whatever his name is. Whatever. Back in July 1994, the inquire created nasional headlines when we broke the story that OJ Simpson bought on knife, believed to be the murder weapon just weeks before the slangs of his ex-wife Nicole and Ron Goldman. And on the 10th anniversary of the killing's LA Night Shop owner Richard Wattenberg told the inquire, it's been 10 years but not one day goes by where someone doesn't say, isn't this disturbing OJ bought the knife he killed his wife with? And he says, I'm so willing correct. Yeah. Simpson paid $81.17 for the 14.5 inch long German made stiletto knife called a locked blade six weeks before the double murder is salesmen Jose Kamacho and his boss Wattenberg told the inquire, in an exclusive interview for our July 12th 1994 issue. Kamacho told us Simpson had been outside on the street shooting scenes for the TV movie movie. When he came in a 3pm on Monday on Monday on Monday 3rd, after he bought the knife he wanted it sharpened. Simpson even gave the salesmen a card he signed it said to Jose piece to you. Or a Josh Becker would say, two days after the killings, LA homicide detective searching for the murder weapon came into the store, Ross Cappary. That's the name of the store in downtown LA. An interviewed Kamacho and Richard Wattenberg. They asked us every detail of what OJ said his demeanor Wattenberg told inquire, and our lead back in Wattenberg. The actual murder weapon has never been found. Today Wattenberg is reluctant to talk about tonight, but he did tell the inquire, at the beginning, believe it or not, people would blame me for the murder for selling OJ the knife. How do you like that? Yeah. Man. Oh, I got how many pages here? About 30, man. Oh, Jay stuff. In fact, I think I'm Monday, and honor of the the fact he murdered those two people will just play all the OJ bits on Monday. Eric sent me a note saying, old Jay is up now. Old Jay. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what that is. Maybe he'll lighten up a little bit in future. He seems to be in a Michael Jackson. Maybe he'll do the same thing. Maybe I'll get that same a Clarks blade shot. That's a little Vigo, baby. Is that what that is? Man. Oh, man. We only could pray that he wake up looking like that tomorrow. Then we'd know that there was a guy. No. I'm not. Wow. You've got to take a look at that people. NYPOSCH.COM. OJ Blames Nicole. It's one of the news stories. Do you got to click on that link? OJ Blames Nicole. And it'll pop up with a story. But then that picture with a caption OJ Simpson under it. What is that? What is it? I don't know. Man, that is a disgusting thing. WCWM. Hello. Name for your poll? Yes sir. At Tom Deloise. Tom Deloise is an excellent one. Nobody don't like Tom Deloise. Thank you. And of course, Tom Deloise is the most famous line that he never said but never lied. That's the funny tune. Yes. He never said it. He never said it. You know, he never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. You never said it. She's pretty good. Ironically. Yes. She's 3x the size now. Then he won't. Exactly. I know some people like that. I don't want to start it on the beast again. The powiedział. You don't be around on the day when he blows up. Yeah. I'm afraid of goggles. It's not going to be a pre-sight. Believe me. Don't be safe either. I saw that. W. W. W. There, WQM hello. There, too, name for you. Yeah, too, okay. It should be green street. Yeah. And Ariel's wrong. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. All right, Sydney Green Street for all you real old time real. Did we put Orson Welleson? I thought we did. Yes, we did. Ariel's her own. Did we put him on there? Yes. We got zero. Well, just don't get milking to body. Just went on there a couple of minutes ago. 200 and 7 votes Orson Welles don't have any of these. There's a factory Louis. Dave Dixon's got one. Who's what that is? Who? Me. Oh, I just voted from Cusy Newton, nobody else would. John Goodman too. Now let's see if these fat people. I'll let's really not fear because a lot of Mara Welleson Welleson was died from a fat and smoke into Eastmoke like, uh, I think he probably died from lung cancer. Before the fat caught him. But, uh, let's take a look at how many of these people are dead. Okay. John Candy 77 votes dead. Jackie Gleason 37 dead. Chris Farley 29 votes dead. John Ballushi 16 votes dead. So the first four all dead and three of them died long before their time from fat. Jackie Gleason Adam or Holy was when he died. Right. I don't know. But it wasn't like a young man. No. But it was a old man either. Kelly Craig 13. Kelly Still live. Come on. Losing out. Bernie please. Jerry Garcia dead eight. The fat in the arasers eight. Still alive. Big one. He did. Seven. What? And eight. Marlon Brando 7. Fat Rush Limbaugh 3. How is Marlon Brando still live? Wow. Well, how'd you like to be at the Amel Coast with Marlon Brando with, uh, Dom Deloise? Long as they're buying. Fat Rush Limbaugh 3. John Goodman 2. Uh, Fat Elvis 2 dead. Dom Deloise 1 still live. But we have no idea. Dave Dixon 1 dead. Orson Wells did. And the fat you're losing is hanging on by thread. And not dead yet. Or they're going to be mourning in Paris man when he dies. WQA and hello. I don't know she. WCB. I don't know she and work on an action. Okay. And he's a lot of help. I have no life. WQA and hello. Me, oh. Yes. This is a bishop. I have come back. Oh, and the fat. How about the fat and bishop? She wasn't so much fat as she was just no mish. I think your memory is failing. She was pretty exotic. But if you say so, we won't put a runner. Or anybody was plump. She was pleasantly plump. She was unclasantly plump. Okay. We'll put a bishop on there. No, don't put a rye. Okay, don't put a rye. WQA and hello. WCB. Not there. QA and hello. Oh, yeah. I got for the poll. Yes, sir. Um, blue chair and a paparotti. And what happened? And who's get on? We run from what happened. Okay. We can't put a mountain. Yeah, we don't know what is in. Anyway, Luchia no paparotti. Okay, for all you suit and like to. Oh, and by the way, speaking of suits, you know, I'll remember all the crying. Well, well, I went to my when Cox took the classical music. I put on my beer. What did they make no party party? Party party party party. And party's not doing all that great. I should point out. But anyway, WKAT in this last trend. I noticed. You can't find their numbers with a surge party. I think like a point one. Was there that was one of their higher numbers? A zero plus zero point one isn't one tenth of one percent. So all those people are wanting. Maybe they took my advice. Maybe they actually went out there because they's the classical music crowd. It's supposed to be people with a few bucks. Maybe they went out there to the nearby record store. Hopefully not blockbuster. And they took them a bunch of CDs. And it was not whatever they like. Yeah, Bach and Brahms and Beethoven and Mozart. And all of that other suit and intellectual crap. Or dare I say, you know, they have a several classical. A several classical channels on that XM and serious I understand. Get serious. No. And also even like on my cable. For example, almost got a cable. Oh, he had direct TV. All of them. Direct TV. My opinion. Direct TV. The Orifice man and crank up your old Mozart. The world of the fire. The local. This is five sixty. The radio. The yours. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. But it is going to ring. We hope. Well, I know well because David's always very punctual. I almost forgot the whole darn thing there. Anyway, here's one of the two more names for your list. But he hack it now for Hitchcock. You. One's called dead by the way. Now, body hack wasn't like young. He wasn't ancient, right? Right. Right. Alfred Hitchcock was ancient. He lived a long time. He was kind of like the one time church all of the movies. He lived a long time. Well, as a real provot, that's what the tippy headred has been tall and everybody. Anybody who would listen and everybody all the other actresses too. He was always pawn and clawing Yeah, well Louis Anderson who may be the worst game show host of all time and I read is he like a stand-up comedian? What is his stick? What did he do started out as a stand-up comedian? I saw one of his routines and it was actually funny, but that was a hundred years ago Well, he seems like he might have been funny hundred years ago Louis Banner. She just a horrible game show host Sir, I said and he just let's just go to show you know, yeah, yeah Louis Banner said okay, let's get his badass on there too Can I watch it at line 12? Frankly now probably should have done that I think where I should have zacked Because it's exactly 11 o'clock. I know for the derby right you could have you could have set the atomic clock You could have said big Ben by the time that line 12 start her ring him maybe so I know pre-toss Huh, maybe he's stuck in the toilet Well, what kind of a zad mean? Well, sometimes you know you just can't leave when you want to I see There it is. Oh, we got there. Oh, they're it now see there. We have so a few seconds What's a few seconds among friends, right? Here's Dave Johnson who's like about four seconds late. How you doing Dave? He's already there Marty asks is here. Yeah Now while we're adding before we get into the Belmont stuff the horse and around stuff you might I'm sure you got some name The poll question we have today who's your favorite all-time fat person dead or alive? And we've got people like John Candy and Marlon Brando and people like that. You got a yo how about Peter Roosevelt? He was fat wasn't he? Yeah, Teddy Roosevelt. How do you Roosevelt leave it to you to come up with something like off the wall like that? Is that well, you know, it's pretty good. Yeah, I guess it's all going up. You know my my funny my my His my I was an American history major. Where are you? Yeah? I'm pretty out of how we close the training combination. Tell you man Howard and then it all went down the terrace That he drew a blank. I know right. We're not gonna talk about Howard Co. So we want to be in a good mood tomorrow's the big day two to five in a morning line The only only thing that gives me a little bit pause on that is that back in the 79 spectacular bid was one to five in a morning line for the Abelmont You know, I've got a new angle on spectacular bid Ronnie Franklin this week had a telecon for city talked about how he had spent a lot of time with Buddy Delpin Ronnie Franklin the week before the Belmont of 79 and And he said that they were intent on breaking Secretary of its record right there either the breaking the 31 likes are breaking the time Right, you know, I never I never heard that or thought about it I always thought of that because Buddy Delp talks so big that this was the greatest horse ever and I really believe that he said Ronnie Franklin out there to win by a 50-links in just a polish and a course He ran a horse out at the top of the stretchy a choke like a dog and coast on went by him And I think I think good, I know of course That's why I had to come up with a safety pin story and then Ronnie Franklin was a bad jocky and was his mistake But I think it was Buddy Delp all along well I think it was a combination of the two but they and also they were terribly over confident Spectacular bid was a great horse. Yeah, the father we get away from them the better But but he should have won the triple crown me no question about it There always has been an angle on all of these for example Seattle slew was always John Krugay and everybody was saying oh, we hope the Frenchman doesn't fall off a number Well, what race was it was it in the Belmont or was it in the Kentucky Derby where he stood up before the finished line and salute of the crown Think it was the Belmont yeah the Belmont when he was you're a monotriple crown and you'd like kind of stood up in a sack Because he won by open-lights and he he's like waving his whip and people are holding their breath like all please John don't fall off now You're gonna finish line Is it interesting that the truck hot and and John Krugay, you know the two Riders that will not go down in history is the greatest riders you know they wrote triple crown winners right and Stuart Elliott who would have ever thought and I remember back before the Derby you were saying he's definitely gonna go from obscurity and to be like a Big name He's only too the broadcasters that picked smarty Jones in all in all of the races before the Derby I mean, you know to everybody jumped on the bandwagon, but we were there before they man Well, it's about time we've only had about 50 years of doing a sooner or later This race tomorrow Makes me want to purge a little bit. You know these other guys that like master David they put him in there now It almost seems to know we got some trainers who don't think that they're gonna win But they want to try to find a way to make smarty Jones lose which bothers me a little bit Yeah, I only see a couple horses Well, first of all, it may be smarty Jones can only beat himself Yeah, maybe and if he does I could only see purge rock hard 10 and Possibly adding to either the other horses shouldn't be in there right I think I think it's gonna be rock hard 10s gonna be second now Patrick Valle's wetless poster right on my right about that right and he can't because he Didn't turn up with the drug test again. You know Patrick Valle's wetless had more chances than me everybody can't I mean, it's just an amazing I write about that how many different chances he's had to come back Yeah, and you know so Leafs is not a regular at Belmont Park I mean, I think if you look at the jockey that are there I mean wouldn't Jerry Bailey be the top jockey on the on the top You know one of the top competitors adding to yeah, but Alex so Leafs is no slows for he's a good jockey and this this was For people that watch this thing on TV rock hard 10 is is over 17 hands high I hand is about four inches, but and the little horse Marty Jones is only 15 3 So I mean there's a there's a real disparity between the sides of these two horses Watch them when they're get to go and they get together. I think rock hard 10 is gonna come roaring down the stretch to be second by about 12 lanes I mean he'll still be way behind smarty Jones, but I can see that now That's probably the way they're gonna run from well behind so you think Smarty Jones will win by 12. Yeah, that's good Well, I hope he does I I don't think it'll solve the problems of racing, but it'll sure be a nice shot in the arm Yeah, and especially with all the depressing stuff going on in the world today and all the negative Crack going on. I think yeah, we need something like this. It's good for racing And it's good general for the psyche of the public too. I have a couple racetrack buddies that are gonna bet everything in a race to show I mean people were saying this Marty Jones is gonna win can you imagine the millions that are gonna be better on this horse to show and if Any chance he doesn't hit the board the show prices will be hundred two hundred dollars. Yeah, the bridge jumpers are all gonna be up for that Yeah, and what do you say is he gonna go off you think one to nine one to five one to five and it's and we're supposed to get rain tomorrow No really now that should help because he ran and rain in the Derby. Oh, he runs on anything. Yeah, he Absolutely is he's run on eight different distances and eight five different race tracks and You know, he doesn't seem to need to bring his race track with me. He's really a special horse I wouldn't be great though to see him run as a four year old Well, they were making overtures toward that the other day. Red some articles where they were saying that you know They're gonna run him after the bell mod again when we're lose and then it's possible that they're gonna run him as a four year old I'd love to see that now our firm ran as a four year old because we see that was great in the 70s Not only do we get spoiled with three and almost four triple crumb winners in one decade But we had horses that were running as four year olds to see adults. Do I remember beating a firm? I remember a firm beating spectacular bid Those were some great times. Yeah, those were great races. That was really in the the heyday of racing Yeah, and the accelerer ran on a big race with with a firm and and she had a slew I think oh boy There we go. Yeah, some great matchups in fact the the firm aladar Triple crown. I don't think we'll ever see anything like that again. That was my first derby my first calling of the derby really Boy, what a way to start huh? I Can remember the late chick Anderson call him to Belmont and we said we'll test these two to the wire Remember that yeah, I said aladars got a lady put a nose in front of the middle of the stretch in I always got the feeling that the public for whatever reason was Routing for aladar and I loved the firm. I thought a firm was just a beautiful horse Aladar was favored in the in the Kentucky Derby. Yeah, and I think there was a lot of sentimental Attention towards to aladar because of the this is Marky the very elderly woman that owned Calumeta at the time Yeah, the old lady at the in the elite at least you were she wasn't breathing oxygen out of a tuban or nose though You know, we've got another step beyond that this time That's a little bit it's a little bit scary to watch him. You know, and of course is in the stretch and pulling away like he did in the pre-tons there And you just say you you're saying think of yourself. Please don't die now. Just don't you don't get too carried away Which is they it the barge you think in that come on I'm watching the race I'm sorry you're crying the race. I forgot about that Well listen smarty jaws by 12 and Brock cart 10 for my perfect in you're gonna pick who for second is sounds like Eddington You know what I'll go with you talk me into it. How about let's go for this for the tri-factor come on. I mean, you know I'll take I'll take perks third who will you take you want? But you talk me to Eddington so I'll be can't pick the same thing as boring so I'll we'll both pick Smarty Jones and top or rock cart 10 you'll pick purged third and I'll pick the eight and inked them through with Jerry Bailey. Okay Just as long as we keep padday out of there, but I don't want to go into that. I'll see you at the window. Okay Thanks a lot like always great talking to you. Take care say how to hang. See ya Here's Dave Johnson. We got the bell month tomorrow. It's pretty excited even George is all whipped up about it I'm sure that he's running right now to places advanced bed at Pompon O Park What's that? And by the way, don't we have a let me take a look at that. Let me see me because I'm sure that they got a special thing going on in Pompon I don't want to give anybody any free spots, but sure I do. Let me take a look at that copy. Yeah, there's no spot on the log today Troy Did Troy make a entrance in our this morning or something? No Well, that's pretty embarrassing because I know darn well that they're supposed to be running a spot today And for some reason didn't make it on the log. Now see this is one of the reasons to scramble Anna we don't have any business on ears because people that want to be running spots. They're not on the air You follow what I'm saying? What do you say that kind of makes it a little bit difficult to make any money when you've got people clients that are Support because this copy even says on it 6 3 and 6 4 which is yesterday and today I'm gonna do this spot now and if they don't want to pay for it That's fine because it's not on the log and if they're not scheduled that's okay, too But I I know darn well if they want to promote this because they do it for all the triple crown races It's a good thing we just did that thing with they because it saves our friends at Pompton Park from embarrassment and Troy my good friend too I mean what is what is wrong with that sales department very seriously? I know how long can it hold but Heirs Oh, nobody can't Oh, nobody cares all I care about is oh, well, will you do this for me when you do that for me like screw in and there's sucking around this morning? She wouldn't if I was she knew I was gonna rip O. J. and as she probably would have been standing on the hallway whispering Man that bitch is really something anyway All you racing fans this Saturday June 5 sounds like tomorrow to me Pompton Park will feature Sommel casting the Belmont Stakes is smarty Jones Looks to make history and his question main on beaten and win the triple crown and you can watch Wagerman enjoy history in the making right at Pompton Park Pompton Park is featuring early bird wagering on the Belmont state starting in one o'clock this afternoon And both today in a moral Pompton Park will have free past performance pages for the Belmont field tomorrow It's not just the Belmont stakes but dollar knife for draft beer Pepsi so this hot dogs and more dollar night is now every Saturday All summer long and Troy you are an idiot Located just a half mile from both 95 the turn five Pompton parks easy to get to invest evolve Pompton Park features free admission free general parking airbina just like this spot might be free to and who cares live harness racing in the Polk room is open every Friday and Saturday like today Polkers starts at noon and goes on till midnight Live racing gets underway nightly at 725 in a p.m. Pompton Park is also open every day seven days nights a week for the best in Sinal casting harness through a but highlight action ball across North America If you to watch and plunge your guts on watch out for Brad Kramer He's whipping and slash in the stretch Pompton Park a block set of Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road for the current race schedule Just call 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 1 Go online at Pompton Park dot com don't forget watch and plunge on a Belmont You can start betting early bird wagering one o'clock this afternoon and then of course get your free past performance pages two for the Belmont field today in tomorrow at Pompton Park Sports radio 5 C4 2 a m Were you drudge back in An I on fox it's the long awaited conclusion of American Idol the vote's been challenged America's focus guest star George Bush seems the Before we grow old talking about What do you think of me it just was terrible? You are the worst thing in the world nice boys thanks very nice and conclusion of American Idol Your mouth intelligence is a pig that's a fact tonight on box Yeah, you got it long 15. I forget you in the mandal this afternoon at two and have been doing a show from live from the Hooters and Derral Or maybe on tape from the Hooters and Derral stop by to win Qm prizes which are much but you can enjoy honey cane beer specials All during the show until and get List with a mad dog then join a Qm Qd's tonight eight to ten of the village grilling pump Am I reading that correctly is there a lot of coming there Josh? Yeah, sure one her join a Qm Qd's the net to village real and pump Oh, okay, well, yeah, that's that's what I'm thinking we better not say that In fact, where the hell is my good friend going to let lock room in pump pump pump There you go anyway that's looking at the off commercial and A1A step-by-for-prize and specials on Bex beer So all the beer all the time. Let's see what about curly as in the Larry curly and Mo You want to put trolley on there? It's curly Howard curly fine painting Dr. Fine Dr. Howard. What was his name? I don't know per hour. Oh, D. Mo Howard David it Like I don't know just put curly on it even for three studios and parentheses The fat pornography it's again How goldstein your close personal friend. I'm a fat Jew. That's the one It's a gay club you morgue. I guess they wanted to hear that. That's a gay club you morgue He's trying to talk to a junior say I want to get back in the showers J says I like it. Oh, yeah, here's an excellent one. Thank you Jay Chef Paul Prudham Prudome man. He reminds me of a lot of down deloes you ever seen the two of them together In fact the first time that I saw him I'm TV. I thought I was down deloes. I don't know who that is Yes, you do he's that new Orleans chef. He's on the cooking shows you've seen him Okay, huh as he the one that says K. John Peppa a guy and Peppa. Yeah, something like that And he's a big big fat huge guy looks the lot like down deloes just a big big ass Chef He's the chef that's so fatty rides around on the scooter yet still in the kitchen Kitchen eating himself to that good one Jay Okay, there's a couple more for you and here's one. It says Oliver Hardy And we put Teddy Roosevelt on there which I guess they were serious Huh? Yes, we did only was fat in fact William Howard Taff was fat too much Well put him on if we're gonna put president son William Howard Taff Who was fat and daffed or dead? Let's see your favorite fat person of all time Hello, I live or dead, but most of them are dead John candy 100 he's a god of made John like this candy and everything else Jackie Gleason 52 Chris Farley 44 John Volushi for a 27 Fatty around your 17. I'm moving up Kelly Craig 14. I just hopped over you Kelly Uh, Jerry Garcia 11 Marlon Brandoate. He is gigantic big Wilson eight Tom Deloise 7 John Goodman 5 they'd fix and 5 the fat Elvis for not to be confused with a skinny Elvis fat rush limba for Sydney Green Street 3 Alfred Hitchcock 3 I'll currently from the three stuages one orson wells one buddy heck at one Teddy Roosevelt's got one and None yet for Louis V Anderson Sally's brothers. I didn't realize we put Sally on there Luciano Pavarote or the factory Louis out of 364. We just don't like Jerry Lewis fat or skinny period normal used to like him Right, he was okay. He was like a Martin and Lewis in fact. He was like him a lot better in Dean Martin That's another one of those in there day kind of there. Oh, yeah, not definitely not lasting if you watch those movies now just I forget about that What was the movie that Jerry Lewis was in there everybody raves about that I've never watched the delicate the wink What no, no, I'm serious. Oh Come on King of comedy. Yeah, King of comedy. Oh, that's we supposed to be a great move. Yeah, with Robert De Niro everybody raved about it You're right and it was just very weak My long boring. Well, thank goodness. I missed that five six seven. Oh five six. You got a lot of OJ stuff here It was on Monday which actually be the anniversary in Greta von Brown, sister will be on Fox hyperventilating with OJ with that interview that they taped What are these slices are neck and there? Oh, man. We go for that WQM hello Mr Rogers sir Mr. Caller Hey, I got one that probably should have made list, but it didn't what about Anna Nicole Smith. Oh, I got a quote, but she's your favorite Yeah, okay, what do you say to one got like a radar? You know like a satellite dish and you know down below there Okay, thank you very much I'm okay You don't want to okay back in the day. I might have explained it to you, but you don't want us to just move right on We'll draw it all picture no no thanks I don't have that much paper At any rate. Let's so get her on here. Okay. I guess he likes her is there again keep in mind I just name a bunch of fat people Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm starting to catch on now. I'm a little slow How many people? They look like a bad people. Oh the question is who's your all-time favorite fat person dead of alive You know, nobody's mentioned rosio Donald because no, because everybody hates it In a shot in anyway nobody mentioned rosé and bar because probably everybody hates her like boys But I would like her John Goodman got a vote but not rosé and bar There are so many so many fat people most of them did I have a total of fields I'm not the same put around list, but there was one total of fields Who used to champion the idea that just like that book I was telling about the evade can be fat and nothing wrong with being fat It's beautiful what it's like Shirley tweeters with all that crap. I wonder if she's still alive I'm tired of trying here's that book right here big fat lies Learn the astonishing facts the truth about your weight in your health Glenn a geyser gasser. It's a gas Takes on the fat phobia that permeates so much of the research about obesity and health and basically what he says is you can be fat and healthy Oh my god, right In fact it says that right on the back jacket here. It says people could be fat and fit There is no connection between flat fat part auto reason or auto reason obesity thinner is not necessarily healthier But when you use an mistwitty and and Karen Carpeters of ramen. I guess it's not too tough to figure that out good body fat protects you from heart disease You can achieve a natural way without diet a dieting and dieting cause you weight gain That's a V too many yo-yo shit yo-yo's in ho-ho's man. It'll do it I'm really excited proud of myself that I got that pump and a park spot I because I know it was supposed to run and probably was supposed to run yesterday too But me will have to run another make good later although I already tore it up 5 6 7 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQA and hello dusty rose Okay, how about dusty roads? Why don't put dusty roads on there or not? Sure one on sure why don't not For my childhood how about now she not fat all the odd. Tell you somebody who was pretty exotic Well, I wanted to wonder two times I saw You can have a Randy wannabe The bad on Brooke all of she was far from my favorite. Hey, she's not a Randy road's clone. That's what she said exactly. Sure WQA and hello Yes, I'm sorry. Yes, I'm like you. Okay. I'll do you see the old Resporers. I for right alright. Hey stack. Hell. Who in WC fields? Who had the right idea about little kids by the way just keep them shut up and just tuck them off in a A broom closet somewhere get him out of my face and I'm with him on that Not that I hate little kids. I just want to be around them when they're screaming and carrying on and making a big fuss especially like on an airplane Things like that or you know, it like an enclosed space. It's not what I do right right all right Just about anywhere. Yeah, right keep out of my face. How big you weigh in hello? Yes, go ahead Oh, Prowin Cree. Okay. That's a good choice. I guess I guess I guess somebody out there will like her Quite frankly on this show. We can't stay in Oprah now Because she's she's talent. No, she does nothing there is the luckiest person on the face of the earth bar none I mean, I know you don't like Bill Gates, but at least he's you know he did something somewhere So you know, all other people's ideas. Oh, okay, but at least he did that give him a net But what is she done? She showed them the scholar name back with there at the end of the show with her harpo productions What what is she done besides make those she's a girl friend? Yeah, yeah girl You go girlfriend and just sit there and yuck it up and oh my god. It's just That's the reason that the woman of America have just been laid on the garden path I would much rather than the woman who watched a jury springer than Oprah any day the week at least Your stringer's got some you know comic relief right But Oprah there just ain't nothing there, but she's got her proclist in the women are running out that they're racing to the store Whatever Oprah says Brother based on what based on the fact that she such a wonderful human being She's so well adjusted in the married and with children or family and all that stuff Maybe she's a die, you think no, I did and Of course do we really care? No So disgusting thought WQM hello Yes, sir, yeah, I'm speaking Yeah, I got a couple of Family Yeah, I know you know like that the biggest most one of them. Okay, did you small? Okay, and the other one I'm thinking of probably from good folks Poly from good fellows. Okay. What's the actor's name? George Poly from you I can see him Big fat poly he was one of the you know When he was all of Paul Sorvino Paul Sorvino. I guess that's who it is is that who played Paul? I don't know I don't know he's talking to all these Paulies and all these Italian movies I don't have them all straight now. Oh, you're now you're thinking about the wrong Pauling That's it I'm telling you you're thinking about the one you'll handle Pauling. I'll see him Seriously, I know that I'm obsessed with godfather, but it's just that everybody Every scene. I mean it's so brilliantly written and done and I did read the book before I saw the movie the book was the book was even better than the movie Which it usually is but every single scene every character every actor in actress every I mean this is why godfather three took it really so bad and deservedly so because even though the story was powerful And really very compelling you needed to be told and there a lot of really great stuff in it It's just that you there was no room for bad acting in the godfather saga This is I mean it's like if you you're you're having a great meal and you have a fantastic appetizer and a juicy delicious steak or Lobster and then the dessert is a piece of crap you know the same right There's just no room for that if it if it has it has to be perfection yet to live up to that standard Which wasn't easy to do on a real budget on a shoe string But again 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT and T in Verizon wireless line two men sue alleging abuse by some an area Two Harris County Texas residents filed a civil law sue claiming that a Catholic seminary student molested them in the mid 90s When he was training at St. Francis to sales Catholic church to be a priest The two on identified men now 21 and 22 claim that one Carlos Paltino Arrangol molested them when they were eighth graders at the Paris school According to the suit well listen he wanted to be a priest right? Yeah, practice makes perfect Well, Steve it's my grandma's birthday and I have no idea what you get her He's here What's this it says at your Myster, you healthy. May the fresh tasty eat. Oh, I always got to do something. Only 49% of the international good name register. We're gonna get you the best name for the special body in your life. Be the old or clean the air. Happy birthday, Cleary. We got you a good name. Yay, now I'm a little teed off. Now back up off my grill, yo. Oh, we're gonna toast, please. Everybody on your fifth name, give me. You're gonna receive a certificate. If the grave were daily, kill me. And they get a foot hat and go to eat too. When the already had to calculate, How she's got the name to go along with it. Thanks to the National Fifth Name, register. For Shethos! My fifth hand is strong, my dear God. Teeee! I hope mine is interesting in self-serving. There you go, Bubba. I tear almost comes to my eye when I see a monitor. He's doing his book tour now. Doesn't it make you almost want to cry? It may be very sad. You know what I saw by Ralph Donner, you don't know what you've gotten to do. You lose it. Luke Costellos, somebody says for our poll, as in Abbot and Costellah. But Abbot, Luke Costellah. As in Who's on first? What? You never saw that routine, who's on first? That's what I'm saying. What are you going to do? Oh, what's on? Oh, I'm, we're all at some baseball things. So it's quite crackly. I thought maybe we were a little bit over your head. I thought you were lying. By the way, I played. I don't watch. What does that mean? I don't how to play the game. I just don't watch other people do it. Oh, some people like to play and watch. Anyway, speaking of that, one Carlos Patino Arango that's so I just did. He's listed as a Florida, a Tampa Florida Resort. I just mentioned it in passing. And a retired Roman Catholic priest and a former priest have been, I'll see, here's the, this is chopped off. Have v-man who says they who said they sexually abused him when he was a boy. Alasso was filed Tuesday against Munsenio Thomas O'Brien. Now 77 every third and Thomas M. Reardon. Is that really the same? Backdome of the year. And then 62 left the priest in the 89 several other men filed suits against him in January as well. And the new lawsuit, a planified identified as John B. Doe also said the priest gave them something when he was a boy in a harassed him in later years. See, it's, it would be interesting to see the rest of that story. What's off the right side? Sometimes last couple of words are the most important ones, but unfortunately they don't have it to be here. The man said they demanded sexual acts from M.B. between 1970 when he was 13 and something else returned a loan he got from them. The lawsuit also says they tried to blackmail him something something with information about Miramar Wanayus. Weirdness in that previous allegations was attorney Matthew O'Connor and didn't return to call Wednesday. O'Brien's also an eyebrow editor. There you go. All the priest are resolved of time. How many thousand about 30,000 of these episodes have we got so far? And probably a whole bunch of many thousands others. You won't hear from them. You understand why? Why? Because they already killed themselves. Oh, by the way, speaking of it's not a priest, but it's along those lines that just emailed you a story that somebody emailed to me. Yeah, about about a radio host and Kitty porn and it's one of these American families. No, I've got that guy. Oh, yeah, what is wrong with you? Well, I couldn't do that before the show started. Although, maybe I lost the story because I was going to start at the beginning of the story with that. Well, I've got to go. That was ours. Don't you remember I told you then he's from the American family council. That's the one. Yeah, with the brother. What did I do with that? Now it's a good thing. Maybe it's a blessing. No, seriously. Maybe I lost it. What did the first time I lost it? I lost it. I lost it. I got a crap here. Let's see. O'Jeeb bling the cool. I mean, when you got a pile of crap, there's junior sale again who's still doing his fag talk. Maybe we could put him on here a show called Faggot Talk. I would probably get an 80 share in his town. I just, I don't know. Can't find it. So it's a good thing. Thank you whoever said that to us because he's probably a psychic inspiration. Thank you. No one that I screwed up. Maybe I already Schmidt-Kinda. You know me. I just have it a turn stuff up and making it disappear real fast. Which I'd love to do with screw-in. Terrible. Can't find it. So thank you. I profusely. I'll get to it. Unless you want to read it. No, I don't have it open anymore. Oh, it's good. I'll close it. Anyway, the enquiry didn't just report the story. We became a key part of it. It is with all this O'Jeeb heavy intensive stuff. Nobody but nobody. It says, that the pissed off serving won't understand. But nobody but nobody covered the O'Jeeb Simpson murder case like the enquiry. Our exclusives one after another were so impressive that the media elite made the enquiry to surprise coverage of story in itself. And one of our scoops was so important. It even changed the outcome of one of O'Jeeb's trials. And our first story following the June 12th, 94 murders of Simpson's ex-wectacle in Ron Goldman. We revealed how shaken the caller confided to therapist Dr. Susan Ford or Fiers that O'Jeeb would kill her one day. Remember Dr. Susan Ford? No. You know the story forward and backward. Oh. Just weeks after the double killing, we revealed that Nicole and O'Jeeb fought by telephone today, the murders, and argument that may have side her death warrant. It wasn't till nearly a year later that L.A. prosecutor charged the same thing in court papers. The enquiry has reported revealing that six weeks before the murders O'Jeeb purchased a knife believed to be the murder weapon made global headlines. In November 94, the enquiry reported exclusively that DNA test revealed the blood of both victims in O'Jeeb's Bronco. Ah, we know that Mark Ferman just put it there. He just smeared it. It was the most damning evidence against the former football star. It took two months for the rest of the media to catch up. The enquiry has publication of Nicole's heartwrenching... Diaries of our abusive O'Jeeb's hands brought praise from the media. And thanks to the bed at women's groups across America, the enquiry even told the world how O'Jeeb big girlfriend Paula Barbeard and marry him in jail while the trial unfolded a story later confirmed by Paul on National TV. And here's the part that I like to vest is them. Those ugly but ugly shoes. Those ants ugly, whatever they're ugly. Right. Molly. Don't know studying when you were at your Italian meet some serious war. Anybody there would say, ah, ah. I was talking to Van Diesel about that last week. And he said, man, you should not know you're my Molly. Then in April 23rd, 96 issue after Simpson's acquittalitis criminal trial, the enquiry published as scoop of scoops. A photo of O'Jeeb wearing the same rare shoes. Those ugly ass shoes, the blood of both victims of the murder scene. See all of these things are just a coincidence. Right. I mean, black people just, they're always railroaded for crap that they didn't do. During that position for the civil suit Simpson had denied ever owning a pair of Bruno Molly's, the expected attack in designer shoes that had left the footprint. But before the civil trial, the enquiry conducted an exhaustive search reviewing thousands of photos of O'Jeeb taken the year leading up to the murders when he was doing color commentary for professional football games. That's color, not colored commentary. Most of the photo showed Simpson only from the waist up. But the enquiry hit Tader and the set of photos that captured Simpson full length strolling to the end zone. In the photo O'Jeeb scene walking in full stride, the soul of his Bruno Molly shoe in plain view. A2. Bruté. Yeah. The enquiry story in accompanying photo became the key piece of evidence in O'Jeeb's civil conviction per board of forty-four ninety-seven, and his victims families were awarded a judgment of 33 and had many dollars. One of O'Jeeb's criminal defense lawyers was her greeting a sigh of relief when the enquiry story broke. I'm just glad I didn't have to contend with that during the criminal trial he muttered. How do you like that? The enquiry scoops but incredible praise from the established media New York Times while street urinal and even the Columbia Journalism Review all published major stories, acknowledging how the enquiry beat the rest of the competition. And after the enquiry's shoe photo impacted the civil trial, Tom magazine even named the enquiry's editor is one of the 25 most influential people in American 97. In October 17, 2000, O'Jeeb's girlfriend Christy Prodigrand of the enquiry, a stunning world of schools of the New York which he revealed at Simpson, had confessed to her about the killings. Christy told the enquiry, O'Jeeb killed the coal and he told me the details. How do you like that? I mean, we all know you done it. He done it. And I think that probably suicide would be an appropriate thing right now O'Jeeb. They've also saw a lot more grief and the brown family and the Goldman family that can at least in peace maybe one day before they go for their long dirt nap. Okay, O'Jeeb just blow your brains on all right. Enough already with your bull crap with your ego trip. Make us all sick and as far as your TV show is concerned, I've only one suggestion for O'Jeeb and that stupid TV show. But got about it. That's it. Nice going, well, got about it. Right. Peace or crap. No, if it was O'Jeeb in Chase to round by a, you know, cannibal, Pigmees or something like that. Yeah, then, and for real, like one of those, yeah, that's real life. That's the kind of stuff we were going to say. The O'Jeeb fear factor. As O'Jeeb is chased by hipopotamia and alligators and wild animals through the, oh man, I can just see that. Take him up to the Everglades. To the Glee. So yeah, by the way, back exactly for the wild crock. Who? There's nothing like a wild crock. Just ask Greg, you don't say anyone. Who's your all-time favorite fat person, Dead or Live? John Candy, 117, maybe they love you, John. Make a comeback, please. Jackie Glee's in 67, Chris Farley 54. John, Balushi 32. Can you imagine the girth, the poundage and this list here? Well, I've gotten the O'Rages. I'm moving on up there, 25. I hopped over Kelly Craig like she was on a diet. I got 25. That's the old fat man O'Rages keeping my, Kelly's got 14. The current Kelly. Larry Garcia 11, Dom. 10. Big Wilson 8. Hello big. Martin, who's good guy? Marlon Brando 8, John Goodman 7. Curly of the three stuages as in curly Larry and. Absolutely. Mo. 7. Fat Elvis 5, Pat Rush Limbaugh 5. That's before he started popping all the moxies. They've dix and five, buddy hack and four, Alfred Hitchcock. For a 10 he Roosevelt Scott 4 Dave. Cindy Green Street 3, orsonwell's got a pair. Fat Anna Colsoneth 1. Before she slum down to 290. Louis B. Anderson 1, Stanley Strothers 1, Haste that Calhouns got 1. Biggie Smalls has 1. At least he used to. William Howard's half and look at these that don't have any. Chef Paul Proudome, William Howard's half, Daphne Dusty Rhodes Oprah, Luciano Pavrote, WC Fields, Factory Lewis and Paul Servino almost 400 votes. Just 4 votes shy 396 and those people like that one. Mike and local. We're supposed to be a 560's you and you, William. In theaters now, the day after the day after tomorrow. starring George W. Bush. Just a president. The whole world's covered in ice. If think we made him a state. I don't think so. Just a president. Don't you think pollution was a factor? Pure and simple. I believe. I repeat. I believe. Who's the blame for letting this happen on your watch, Mr. President? Saddam Hussein was responsible. The day after the day after tomorrow. And again, I don't have a lot of intelligence. Oh, no kidding. 1145, quarter noon. And we got the mad dog doing to show it to Hooters. There's a afternoon to a clock in the drought. No less. So here's that story. And I'm glad they did send this because this is much more complete than the one that I lost anyway. It's radio-executive time for Kitty porn. Tupel, oh, Mississippi, a former official at American Family Radio. Oh, my God. Which regularly warns listeners about the dangers of pornography musser 15 years in prison for producing child pornography. And federal court in Aberdeen, Wednesday, US District Judge Glenn Davis and sentence carried Wayne Stevens 47 of Tupel, who played a gulleted two-counse producing child pornography, a law passed by Congress last year, requires a 15-year sentence for creating child pornography, mandatory. It's tragic for everybody involved said the Reverend Donald Wildman, father and executive director of the Tupel obeys the American Family Association, which started the Faskar and Christian Radio network. It's one of those things you wish had never happened. His family was devastated. What kind of a common is that? You wish it never would have happened. Isn't that Donald Wildman that goes to the funerals of people who die of A. No, that's a Fred Phelps from the end. Oh, sorry, I get them all confused. You got your right wing bigots confused, sorry. American Family Radio was more than 200 stations in 35 states fired Stevens who produced the children's show for the network of director of the children's news, but Wildman said the association has helped us support the family financially through the tragedy. US Attorney Jim Greenley of Oxford praised the corporate cooperation of Tupel a place in the FBI in the case. The citizens of Tupelow and Mrs. Sippy should be glad to know that Kitty porn creator Sitch's mistress Stevens are being held accountable, he said. Stevens must now register as a sex offender in some of the DNA samples. He must also take light and take to test undergo second treatment. On August 23, 2003, two Californian men were not even sold during the Tupelow furniture markets, but an image of possible child pornography and a computer disk while searching for an empty disk they turned the Tupelow police over to Tupelow police. Four days later police arrested Stevens who remarked he had a problem, which child of an argument had not touched any of the children. Now I'm curious because the other story I had said that he took pictures of his daughter. This one doesn't say that. So like I said, the other story was not as long but we let it any rate. In a letter to US District representative Roger Wicker, Stevens wrote, I took my eyes off of Jesus for a moment and did something terrible. I took some pictures of one of my daughter's friends, obviously. Suffice it to say that these pictures were for in various sleeping positions. Let me hasten away that I never touched her person or are there any showing her face. No with any involvement with the internet. I did not do this for personal profit but from a dark sin. In order to touch her because I didn't want to wake her and have her damaged psychologically and truthfully I didn't want to take a chance to get in caught. Sounds like a scene from happiness. I know what I did was wrong. Oh, how I wish I could simply undo what I've done but I can't. He said, he merkin family association which boosts most of his more than two million members has made fighting pornography. If you want to be stopped priorities, how do you like that? We don't want to say the word hypocrite, do we? No. I don't say it. Oh, hypocrites, liars, the S-art is just like Russian is let's put all those drug people in prison. A tyrant. Except for him, all his real pocketed dangerous people. Back pain. Back pain. I've got on a hand. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Who's your all-time favorite fat person that are alive? And we're not talking about like Joe Schwartz. I live down the street. We're talking about somebody well known. Somebody at least 10 people know. Who's your all-time favorite? Hello. Hi Neil, I am one for the poll. Okay. He's more greasy than fat. He goes by RJ, I don't want to say his name. I know he's my favorite. Okay, great. Who's your all-time favorite? Hello. Hello. Mr. Is this the Neil show? This is the Neil show, yes, or you're nearly on it. Okay. And just a quick comment through through his story on the channel 10 youths this morning or the Neil Elementary School where a student had written in their yearbook in German. They'll get they come into make grades. Right. And he had written in German, I think, with debt to Jews. Oh, lovely. And now you have, as I give a scale elementary, all the news. A channel 4 channel 7. Yeah. I would like to say, and I did hear from various teachers because my kid goes to school there. The kid is actually a good kid. He did it as a truth or dare from a friend of his. Right. And it was basically not correct for the more of a prank and anything. Yeah. He's been suspended and it's going to be, I think, blown out of all proportion. I like it always is, right. Yeah. There you go. So that's the story. It's called the old media knee jerk reaction, but we don't really know what's behind it. What was all about? Exactly. Thanks for the news. You look. Right. Find some little talk to five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, on the AT&T. Yeah. A little misunderstanding there in the media. They can be the of a talk to it again, kid. That's probably not a good idea. And type of medic punk, spelling. Hey, listen, if it's good enough for the president, it's good enough for that kid. Okay. Except the ones in Israel, we like Israel. We don't like all the rest of the Jews, but we love Israel. That's what, you know, that's what Nixon was always saying. That's what Bush says. All of these good for Israel. He's only on the Jews, but he's good for Israel. I don't, I just don't get that. But what do I know? WDQAM, hello. You're sir. As our favorite porn mice to L Goldstein or our favorite hedgehog made the list yet. Hedgehog? The hedgehog of porn run Jeremy. A run Jeremy is not in there, but he is now. Thank you. An alcohol steams on there. Thank you. Run Jeremy. There are people out there like run Jeremy. We found that out today that I'll slip him into the building. And there were people hyperventilated. He would thought there was somebody like important in there. Yeah. Or somebody looked really hot. He looked about his hot is a block of ice. Man, oh man. Remember that we'll be the ice man. Come with. I think round was in that though. And in the cold Smith finally got one. That's good to see. Look at all the people that don't have any yet. They got the big. We got Luciano Pavroday. Fatnary Lili. Jerry Lewis. William Howard Taff. Oprah. WC Fields. Chef Paul Prudon. Well, I can't believe you don't know who that is. Very, very famous guys, but on TV a million times. Yeah, but he's a cooking guy. But he's not. That's just cooking. He's not a lot of water. I show it to his a Nolan celebrities. Big celebrity from Nolan's. You know, I did the endorse those potato chips. I don't know. Paul servino don't have any. Neither is Luke Costello. Poor Luke Costello. What a shame. He was kind of like a. He reminded me of one of my dead uncles. His matter of fact. What he was a live. I said. And Uncle Dave Rubin, a Easter. It reminded me of Luke Costello a little bit. Little Pudgey guy. Yeah, kind of. What's he fun? No. And other both dead. Kind of funny. Lookin. 560 pound. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WCWM. Hey, are you doing today? Doing great, sir. Hey, happy Friday talking. I need to go. Speaking to him. Oh, my god. Meal. Happy Friday. My family. Can I sit? Sam Kinnison, you won't see him no more. I'm serious man. But like you were going on the pole about your favorite. I just want to drop me five people. My second favorite Canadian Rick Sanchez. But hey, what can you say? Okay. Thanks. Second favorite Canadian. Ha ha ha ha. How? In a bitter blow up with O.J. Simpson as daughter Sydney exploded in the rage, punching her father screaming. I need you. Then threatening to kill herself by driving off a bridge. The dramatic confrontation came just days before 18 year old Sydney's high school graduation from the prestigious Gallauderville School in Miami, and was triggered by several things including Sydney's anger or father actor potentially overhearing his murder confession, plus a nudist beat with him over her college plans. She's hot, by the way. Yeah. The attack was delayed as incident in a series of problems. By the way, you know who else is incredibly hot is Bush's niece. He has a niece? Yeah. He's going to be in some movie or something man. I didn't even know he had a niece. Well, work in our fine-ture. What's her name? How can he have a niece? Maybe it's a, I don't know. Maybe it's a nice and long. I don't know what it is. Maybe it's a, what's her name? Maybe she went into rehab. She had a daughter. No well. No well. Had like a miracle cure or something. No this, I don't know. She was someone who Bush is. And I'm not going to even publish that. I know. The attack was delayed as incident in a series of problems involving Oji and Sydney is being quivered in February of 2003. A terrified Sydney called 9-11. And lock yourself in her bedroom after a Simpson exploded in the fit of rage. What's more, Sydney was temporarily suspended from the Gallible School for punching a fellow student in 2002. And back what Oji and his children were living in L.A. Sydney physically attacked Oji's girlfriend, Christy Prode. Pulling her hair and knocking her to the floor. Poor Sydney's got a lot of problems. She gets angry and physically strikes out of her friends and family and inside a set of can't imagine why. The latest confrontation between Oji and Sydney was even worse than previous ones. She had just exploded in our Oji. It was a very bad scene inside a reveal. Maybe she didn't want to go to Benihana. She told friends she and Oji were discussing her going to college. Oji wanted to go to a school in Florida. It was willing to pay up to the 16 grand years been paying for Galiber, but he refused to pay any more singing can to afford it. That's something he's paying 16 grand year to send her to a private prestigious school, but they have grounds in a year. Goldman's are still getting the squad. That's good enough. That's why he came to Florida the highest money in the play of the old Florida game. You miserable lying piece of crap. You go see this picture of him. You've got to go out and get this in quite a relief through it in the supermarket. Yeah, that is good as the other picture on that story. We have online right now. Not that good. Oh, and you know this nobody ever called about that. They're probably what he what is that. Yeah, there's a picture of him here getting out of a. It looks like he's getting out of a helicopter. So maybe it's out of a SUV. I don't know. And he looks really bad. Oh, right. Well, that's good news. Cindy is next set that at Boston University. His her heart's going there, but that cost is over 30 grand a year. But he told her to ask Nicole's parents to loon due to her brown to release some of the money Nicole put in trust for Cindy. She flipped out. She shot it in slam door screaming at OJ. I hate you. I'm running away. I can't stand this anymore. I can't do anything I want to do. When OJ tried to come or down. Cindy got even angry or punching him and slapping him. You go girl. Sources say there's a haunting reason why Cindy is an odds with her dad. Her family members believe Cindy actually overheard her father. Confessed to the murder of her mom Nicole. And very memories of his confession are resurfacing causing her rage. And I'm going fights with OJ the inside of me. For a few days after the most recent attack OJ and Cindy didn't talk to each other, she walked around the house the press sometimes and tears. Finally she burst into uncontrolled anger at OJ saying she was going to commit suicide. She cried that if she has to stay in Florida. Well that's enough to make anybody commit suicide. She was going to kill her son. I see. Even without OJ even if you don't even know who the hell he is. If you have to stay in Florida, that doesn't have to make a lot of people just blow their brains out. She said I'm going to drive my car off a bridge and get it all over with. I'll be dead like my mother and other sources closed OJ with shock by daughter Suicide threats. He's worried that she might actually kill herself. I got my the OJ. How about she just forget about a new give it a shot? My life was a fool. This is for 20560. What do you mean? I'm proud. I'm proud. I'm proud. And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the meal. Okay. I'm going to use the hour. Take a shot. I'm proud. I'm proud. There you go. I'm proud. There you go. I'm proud. There you go. Do you then athletic take that Damon to be your lawfully wedded husband? But I'm not gay. You're right. Do you? That Damon take that athletic to be your lawfully wedded husband? Hey, I'm not gay either. Yeah, sure. I now pronounce you out of the closet. Oh, right. Drop a clock to hold the hand just hit the big hand in 560 WDQM mad dog from Hooray's To the staff know. And we got four unfortunately the big because Hank is at the Abelma probably doing some free SPN. He's in New York. Marlon's on deck 635. The Marlon's at the mat 710 tonight. And he got the UN baseball regules on AM 790 Wansy for those who care about that. Tom Jick on a few M after the Marlon game. Little Tommy Jick who's he is what he is. What is he? He is. Well, I don't really it's really not even worth it. You know, making any effort. I was gonna say. But I'm not gonna do it. Okay. Come on Tommy. Fetch off. Let's say a real story there. Why do you refuse to write about the big 106 about the ratings and about all that stuff? Get with it. Who is your all time favorite fat person that will live? Here's the top 5 and that ain't no job. John can't be 128. Jackie Gleason 75. John Chris Farley 62. John Belushi 40. Fat in the Rogers 35. And you know the interesting part of it is I'm the only one still alive. I didn't like that. Just barely. Out of the top 5. Well, that's cause I ain't quite so fat no more. Right. Oh, yeah. Well, back at I would see I was like put I push in 240. Right. Right now I'm 196 this morning, which isn't great. But I mean, it's not gargantuan like 240 is just a big old tub of crap. Of course, when you have three different places bringing food in every day. Right. Well, that didn't start at I would do that started big time. But they were all right there. Zeta was brutal. And of course, it's a you know you get up at 4 o'clock in the morning. And you're in there by 530 or 5 o'clock. And you're eating lunch at 7 o'clock in the morning. And people wouldn't believe it. But we had like pizza hut. Who down was it? It was what's his name is brother and law members. Old men sales. Mm-hmm. It was his brother and law or father and law rather red. It was a guy's name. Good guy. How you know a red. Hope he's still alive. No. He's not. I don't think so. Oh, like I don't know. How do you know that? I don't know. Well, why do you say that? I think I heard the Bible. I don't think so either. Yeah, I think you're right. But anyway, yeah, he he he was like a manager of one of the pizza huts or something or regional manager. And he used to bring us all different kinds of pizzas in the morning. And we had a place where we people would bring us cheese burgers. Where the hell was that one place where we get these big gigantic cheese burgers? There's unbelievable. And then of course there was always pony tail. He was bringing in food. I mean, people would actually for us get up early in the morning and restaurants that weren't nearly even open yet and they bring us all kind of food. See because when he get up in four in the morning by the time it gets to light eight o'clock, you're ready for lunch. And we don't need breakfast at all and you're ready for like a brunch. Okay. It was just a bad thing. And that I would need continued. That's the great thing about here is that there ain't nobody bringing me no food. I got my refrigerator near the, you know, about 10 feet away. But I'm not going in there. I'm not, uh, have a little bit of that microwave bacon before the show. One thing I have to discover for all you diabetic's out there who are not breakfast eaters is that if you do eat some protein in a morning, a little, a little, not a big breakfast, but just a little bit of protein like maybe some bacon or whatever. Uh, it stabilizes your blood sugar much better throughout the day as opposed not eating until later on like lunch. Right. How about that? That's, you're supposed to eat something when you have even though some of us don't like to. Well, but I'm just saying for people that are diabetic, especially because it tends to, look a lot your blood sugar better as opposed to having the big rises, those big gigantic jumps, etc. Anyways, boring. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We're just reminiscing back in the old, really fat days is opposed to now the moderately fat. Yeah, just one day. How about a QA in hello? Hey Neil. Yes sir. Real or fictional on that person? fictional? Nah, not for sure. I really, really. I would say Santa Claus. Yeah. Real. What have to be had? Offer. I know you're a connoisseur of extra food. You gotta go try out this place called Calthal Oak at the New Hard Rock casino. Yeah. The stakes are fabulous. Really? Yes. I've got a big book for Neil, but. Who cares about that? I got the big book. Is it good? It's a worth crisp? Better. Wow. I would definitely say it's better. Okay. I went over for my birthday on Monday and had the keyboard. Dry, aged, prime, keyboard, strip, got to it was a fabulous meal. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. I have a hat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, see? I just get you talking about, see, there are a lot of food pushes out there. Oh, he's talking about a steak place. Nothing wrong with that. If he do any ackeens. I'm not doing any of those. I just forget about it. I'm just cutting away back, starting as of lunch. Of course, that's still a couple of hours away. I just, I don't know. I just, I just, I'm sorry on all of those things. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Food. What does that mean? Don't do food? Yeah, well, you know what I mean. I just, I'm just not, I'm no longer sold. I know the South Beach diet is just a rip off of, and it can just a blatant grotesque rip off with all those fancy artsy, fancy buddies of his. To me, that's just outrageous. In fact, just whistle to it. I'm going to get the book. Of course, I was just saying to the wife here today. How tired the residents are. All these fat people thought about the ackeens and how deep they are. I wanted similar to the other. And it's the difference. Who gives them one sign? They fat larders out there. Stop eating. Go for a wand. Skip a meal. Go for a wand. There's this real board of tears. That's what's really cool. What? What? Oh, can't wait. I thought I'd toss it. Now, here it is. What? This is really criminal. Let's see. How much can eat in 35 bucks, Canadian. That's criminal. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? That's criminal. All it is comes out the same 24.95 US. That's like Robert. And the thing that pisses me off. Not only that this doctor Agatston, who's a Miami Beach guy. And he's making a fortune. It was number one of the Orteens bestseller list. You know, because we're all desperate. All of us fat people. So assume some new diet book gets hyped right away. It's millions and millions of us. We're going to, you know, buy a book and lose weight. But at any rate, not only do you do that. But this part in the back of the book where, you know, after all of the recipes, which let's face unless your gourmet chef, nobody is going to make these recipes. You know, like tuna cucumber and red pepper salad would Lemonade dildressing. Okay. Moroccan grilled chicken. We just got like 75 different ingredients. Unless you're like Paul Poudom or somebody like that. Oh, you're not going to make these. But the thing that really just frost my ass about you, Dr. Agatston, is this thing in a back of the book where you've got these plugs for all your favorite buddies with your restaurant. So, okay, now the average person like into Bucaioa doesn't give a flying crap about Maca Lusos restaurant at 1747 Altnora and Miami Beach or the executive chef who's pictures in here and his recipe for Maca Lusos style grilled meal with broccoli rave. Huh? What ever it held at is? So we've talked about that before. Rave. I don't know what that is. China grilled Washington Avenue. These are all his buddies and he's got recipes for recommended by these top chefs. Well, what who cares? 99% of the people who buy this book don't live anywhere near Miami Beach and are never going to go to any of these places and he's got to stick these guys in here to give a, here's the Roomi supper club on Lincoln Road, Miami Beach, roast chicken with sweet garlic, melted onion, so I don't like crap anyway. Really pisses me off. Don't buy the South Beach diet book. Okay, that's my recommendation. If you want to go out and buy the addkins, at least with addkins, these got like, you know, addkins made easy, little paper back thing. Yeah. Because everybody in their brother ripped them off, the guy croaked and I'm right away they all hop them as grave. Here's the story about that yearbook. Students at Kiba-Skina Elementary will have to hand over their yearbooks that they have a message of hate removed. An eighth grade a road in Antisemitic remark in German in the comments section. No miss spell translated means death to the Jews. Oh, I'm afforded 50 copies of the yearbook already have been distributed by the time a parent noticed the phrase in contact to the school. It's surprising that it would slip by, but in this case it did. A John Schuster of Ivy Day County schools. Students already had their yearbooks were told a rip out paid 66, which is where the words appear as school principal doctor Anne Rasko, also sent letter home to parents and part at reads, and spite of careful editing to ensure that everything printed in the memory book is proper and good taste, some inappropriate materials slip by us. The eighth grade of talk to be responsible has been suspended for the rest of the school year, which ends next week. Well, that's not a big deal. All of that's easy. And eighth graders, we're not going to graduate anyway. And like put a stain, it'll put a mark. You know, and like the guy said, maybe it was a deal. He says it was a deer, right? Yeah, that's what they say. They should put a mark on that kid. Like, would you put a brand? Random, okay? Like maybe a pink triangle, something like that on his forehead. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT. See, I don't, this is the way there's one thing to be a smart ass, but you take it to another level and that's the problem with too many of these kids. Everybody wants to outsmart ass the other one, you know? If you're going to be a smart, I put a dirty phrase in there. You know, the button, you really filthy and German. Okay, kids, I love that. Then all the goody two shoes are going to all better. Oh my god, what kind of kind of filth it? Yeah, that would be great. That's a kind of kind of kind of, I was thinking, I'll sink our teeth in a second. So, I'll sink. How the good yuck. Yeah. All time favorite fat person, then a alive, John Candy, 135. Jackie Gleason 77, Chris Farley 65. John Volushi 40, the fat near Roger's 37. Don Deloise, only 16. Boy, there's a big drop off there, man. Kelly Craig 15, down Deloise just tiptoed right around Kelly. Here at Garcia's got a dozen. Curly of the three stuages got 12 and after that single digits all the way around. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line, you know what else today is the anniversary of? 10th anniversary of? I'll have to 10th anniversary, how many years? 30? Of what? About 30, man. Can't even square. Oh, I had no idea. Yeah, today is the day. When they rose up and we ran to their support and helped them overthrow their oppressors. We're not in the nation building. Oh, I'm sorry. So without the WM, hello. Uh, now that was your raspberry. Work it down. WDQM, hello. Not there. QAM, oh, let's go for three. Hello. John Volv. Okay, we did it. All right. That's here. My second power is coming through once again. Loud and clear. WDQM, hello. Hello, Nia. Yes, sir? Nia? Yes? Yes. After your list, you should be ashamed. I can't believe you left them off. I bought Michael Moore. Michael Moore is sensational. You're right. We're embarrassed and he really didn't. And we apologize profusely. And you've never been to come out of you? June 25. It is thing you have to do for me to follow. You can go to my ward. You too. You go to MichaelMord.com. Although, last time I checked it, it was still overloaded. They were, they took the trailer for the movie off of there because it was just so many. It was just getting blind. I never did get it to work. Did you? No. Well, that's because there was just too much traffic on there and just too much demand. But the movie we had that survey yesterday will be in the theaters June 25th. Oh, everybody will see Fahrenheit 9.11. Oh, see the truth really start really seeping out. All these books coming out this summer. I think the, what's your, what's your name? Larry Flint book is going to come out. See more Hirsch. His book is coming out as well. In the fall before the election just in time. All of these things as you watch just everything just crumbling around as much of neofacious Bastards as exactly what they are. In fact, maybe one of them wrote that stuff in the yearbook. My life and look all. That was seen in the yearbook. I see you in the yearbook. You are the only one you have. What's the problem, officer? If you're a god driving without a seat belt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authority to enforce seat belt safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now. So click it or be shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the never ending fight against terrorism. Terrorists act such as mouth noise. Purping and fighting. But be annoying to others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the desigrated eating area will also be shot. It's the law. We like saying that the law. The law. The law. The law. And just to show you that practice makes purvey isn't a better edit. We'll be holding hands in a adventure. Not how you like that. Beautiful. It was a long day here in this new world. When the screaming days meet the rest of the girls in the closet. No more. That's what day day is for. It's a day day after all. It's a day of fun when we wear red shirts. And when we all wrap you in here the squads. We get to go and meet with our manicured go to skis again. Day after all. I'll see what that a big improvement. Wonderful. Much better. Well see I can't delete the old ones in here for obvious reasons because they weren't put in from on this end. If I can say that so. Yeah. After we've real careful on it like that one day a stair plan that goes to dark. Oh wait. This thing to write one. No one to be able to recoup from that one just like that. They say, right. Here Kathy says fat Elizabeth Taylor for our pool. Okay. Kathy. You got it. Here's a. Now do you know there's new Batman movie coming out? I have been hearing rumors. Well rumors about what? Bruce and a Bruce and Robin. Those are the old rumors. He was just warned. Not as pedophile. Anyway. It says thinking about Batman think again. The hobby and discipline in action. Like Batman begins. Tells the kid crusaders origins in a brand new way. The cast him is a dark and conflicted good guy when he really goes bad and in square has an exclusive sneak peek. Take a peek. The throwing. The thriller starring Christian Bale. Oh, looks a lot like you. He looks like. What does it look like? He looks like an identical twin. At least in this one picture. It's trying to hard to tell. Identical twin of our old friend Brian Andrews. From channel 7 out of channel 4 or 90 wherever he is. Is that amazing or what? Okay. And of course when you look at Brian Andrews, you really think of Batman saying. Hey boy. What's that in your mouth? I think a can. Well Christian Bale will sit around the Gilbert-Britney Young Bruce Wayne aka. Batman as he struggles to cope with his parents murders and is tempted by the dark side under the 2rd of the Master of Criminal Raza. This will be will explain how young Bruce Wayne transformed from a spoiled rich kid into a cramp-fighting legend and like Luke Skywalker in Star Wars is almost to do it by the forces of evil. Tells me in Quarra. The film about in the summer of 2005, a half-to-wait a year, will explain Batman's fascination with bats and the origin of the bat cave. It will also explore the pivotal event of Bruce's life the night his father Thomas and Mother Martha are gunned down by a mugger right in front of eight-year-old Bruce. As an adult Bruce plants to murder his parents killer but ultimately realizes that the only way to avenge his parents is, as a force for good who must stop Raza Aguil from destroying Gotham City. Batman begins as a roller coaster ride from Star Wars as the source of the piece of the Batman puzzle that's been missing. I probably could live without it but it's zero if I didn't want to or not. I could live without all the other ones. That's what this one doesn't suck. The movie's, I mean the TV show we love. Nobody don't like the Batman to the show. If you can find it, I want to your retro channels. Yeah, it's always on it parioticly. Yeah. But Batman and movies have all sucked big time. Each and every modern model here what anybody says they've all been really, in fact, it was one of where it was, was he even any Robin was there? No, I'd like to argue with you. But you're right, so I won't. What do you mean by that? They all sucked. Yeah. Nobody's saying it was one where there was no, not even a Robin. Well, like the first couple I think had no Robin. Oh, well, what is that? What's Batman without Bert Ward? Anyway, lead detective reveals police evidence, O.J. jury never heard. Yeah, the cause is getting pretty a week as this point once we start getting those people in here. You know that they're out of material. So now I've got like about how many stories about Bert and man. With this O.J. business because there's one thing about South Florida man, we can't express enough heat and disgusting content for O.J. to satisfy some of us at least I feel that way. Just nausea than it revolted. Not even so much by him. But by the sickle fans, the impact this punk that called before would at the story, how come in it was a guy asking for his autograph? Always. If Chuck Manson would have walked in here with you, oh, Charlie, can I have your autograph? Yeah, actually. How about Ted Bundy? Could we go in and have to sign somebody's dress before they put them into big house? Everybody's private. Everybody's private. Has gotten like love letters while they were in prison. Oh, no, no, no, no. That every one was slime, but bothered for children while they're in prison. And of course, don't forget the men and his brothers. Right. One of them was married. I think twice while in prison, I believe. But anyway, he has a wig, you know. No, that's Eric. And anyway, if I can get to this eventually, I'll keep going because it'll kill her. What? We'd like to hear an LAPD lead homicide detective Tom Lang is set forward to reveal the inquiry. Never before disclosed details of the OJ Simpson case, including the shocking truth about the glove that didn't fit and how the prosecution blew the case. Lang 59 joined the Department of the 1967 and spent 22 years as a homicide detective, where's that homo side? He was notified of the soul about the Simpson murders and arrived at the murder scene about 430 in AM. The OJ's infamous slow speed chase and that was another thing that just nauseated to me those those morons go OJ you go those people needed to be shot. Look at how it's wrong with people anyway. Man, this this this hero worship this whole not just with jobs, but movie stars you name it. It's it's a sickness the likes of which you just can't even describe. What's that all about? Lifeless people low self esteem. I have no life. Oh no sense of self worth. During the slow speed chase it was lying in the first contact that Simpson by a cell phone assumed the role of crisis negotiator and talked to Minnesota running to police. The veteran detective who retired 1996 now runs his own private investigator firm a conducts fraud investigation for an insurance company. Detective Lang offers several startling revelations about the OJ case exclusively for the inquire. Question. What happened to the murder weapon bloody close and shoes? Answer. Seven months after the murder as a witness came forward and said that he had seen OJ in at the airport on the night of the murder he was taking a late flight to Chicago. The witness said that he saw OJ take his arm out of a trash receptacle put his hand in a flight bag and again put his arm into the receptacle. That's where he dumped the bloody evidence that would have convicted him. We learned that from garbage. From those receptacles at the airport would have been I'm a state again. We learned that the garbage from the receptacles at the airport would have been sent to one of two community dumps after almost eight months it would have been impossible to search straw at garbage the jurors never got to hear that information. Question. Why didn't the glove fit? Answer. The glove did fit. My partner Phil van Anders Hans were bigger than OJs and he could get the glove off. There had been some some shrinkage from all the blood on the test but with a bit of work he could have gotten it on. Additionally, he had on late test gloves to protect the evidence and that makes it more difficult to put a pair of gloves over them. Remember this guy is an actor not a good one but an actor just the same. It should have been done in chambers it would have fit him. Question. Yeah, do you remember the way he was tugging like oh who you had figures all spread out like you. Yeah. Question. Why didn't prosecutors enter into what evidence OJs attempt to flee in the white Ford Bronco answer I believe they felt they had sufficient case with the DNA only. So why take a chance in putting on evidence that was put together and obtained by the police because the police were on trial. The prosecutors realized that from the Rodney King case the police were on trial so why didn't bid with the police. They were wrong in a murder case. You can never have too much evidence. Question. Why wasn't OJ arrested or released a minimum held upon his return from Chicago? Answer. There was insufficient evidence to arrest him when he questioned him when he returned from Chicago. The blood evidence hadn't come back yet. In fact, the blood evidence was still being collected. We interviewed him and saw the cut on his finger. It's on his left hand. We knew the blood tailing away from the crime scene was on the left side of the foot in person. That was all consistent but not enough for probable cause. Did you even know that the blood was on his left uh see that? No. Question. Why did prosecutor Marsha Clark put Detective Mark Ferman who was known to be a loose cannon on the stand? Answer. She felt compelled to do that if she didn't know what it looked as if we were trying to hide him. He was the one who found the glove was caused the search warrant of OJ's rocking and property. Initially none of us knew the existence of the tape or a firm and repeatedly used the inward when defense attorney L. F. Bailey asked Ferman if he'd used the inward and last number of years. Everybody in the world knew he was being set up. If he had said that he used the word and regretted it as anyone would that would have been the end of it. Question. Why did former L.A. PD detective Mark Ferman deny saying the inward which was proved only that he was a liar and persuaded the jurors not to believe anything he said. Answer because he's arrogant. He was the only one in the world who didn't know he was being set up by the defense. He was inextriced in high profile cases but it was his arrogance they did a man. Question. Did Marsha Clark and co-prosigator Chris Darden's flirting and joking with one another affected jurors and ultimately the case? Answer where there was never anything to show that laughing nothing about that happened between them. Laughing. Question. Why did D.A. Guildar City move the case from Santa Monica where it should have been tried to the downtown courthouse? Answer. My personal belief is that it was for political considerations. We believe that certain persons in the D.A. is off his net with the O.J. defense team and they were concerned that if they were a conviction there might be riots in the street considering that they'd been rioted after the Rodney King case there was real concern. Question. Why did Judge Edo sequester the jury for almost a year? Who knows why he did that but he painted the jurors too much. Whatever they asked for he gave them. He didn't hold them to a standard. They didn't follow his instructions. They were told to liberate in 2.5 hours they did it come back with a verdict. nonsense. They didn't follow the evidence and the jurors were able to visit them every weekend filled them in on what was in the media. Lovely. Justice is served baby. Not in China, America. Bronco driving buddy AC speaks with O.J. Daily. Do you know that? No, did not. Justice Simpson's infamous flight from Justice in that whiteboard Bronco with best friend AC Cowings behind the wheel of two buddies still get together and AC still does the driving. Even though O.J. lives in Miami and AC's in Malibu, California, they had a reunion March 11th at the Luxembourg hotel when O.J. was in LA to work on that reality TV pilot show called you been juiced. O.J. was waiting at the lobby bar when his old pal AC walked in said, no, when is they chatted, then they went off the dinner and AC drove just like the old times. And people running in the streets going, you go O.J. You go. On June 17, 1994, more than 95 American, a million Americans, Americans were glued to their TVs watching the white Bronco as O.J. and AC led an army of police on a slow speed chase. O.J. was safely taken into police custody. As Brent would mention, AC was arrested on suspicion of a few jitive but in a year since then, AC has never publicly talked about what happened during that tense standoff despite rumors that O.J. confessed to him in a car. And that unwavering loyalties while the childhood buddies are still best friends of his close hours ever even though they're on opposite coasts, said an insider, AC is a busy executive with billionaire B Wayne Hughes company public storage, but he and O.J. talk on a phone two, three times every day. These guys are like brothers. So at this point, how many people as you confess to? Not turned man. The fire in the local, the AC is five, six, three years old yours. Oh, nice separation on this. This is great. Do you like that? Yeah, I guess this is the lunch channel where I enjoy it. We've seen the other parts. So when you have a cheap board, this is the greatest. That was an sage. Man, why guess I have to find the disc, but I'm not going to bother. And anyway, the before we do that, former senators offer harsh assessments of nation security. Here's one of our bedtimesters that needs to be read. Okay. Okay. The next terrorist attack is coming and the United States is far from prepared. Two former senators who are experts in home insecurity movement said yesterday. Myself, my hair is on fire, said former senator Gary Hart, borrowing a phrase recently popularized their former White House counterterrorism chief Richard Clark. I for one think it's only a matter of time before an attack happens again in a devastating way, former senator Warren Rudman said the two spoke at a McGrawing Hill home line security conference. Hart, a Colorado Democrat and Rudman a Republican from New Hampshire, oversaw commission that warned of imminent terrorist attacks prior to 9.11 2001. He said they tried unsuccessfully early in the administration to meet with President Bush and Vice President Cheney, they did meet with national security adviser Comvillities or Rice, Secretary-State Cole and Paul and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, but the senators said that beyond being respectful and taking notes little happened. Hart urged the Republican private sector attendees not to fall into the Washington trap of Gageum relations preparation by the amount of money being spent. Hart also criticized the administration of report that shared database between the FBNE custom service would not be operational until 2008 that is unacceptably said we can't wait. Both senators said the federal government should act at home more like it's engaged in war. Hart said task cuts should be curtailed on the private sector which controls most of the nation's critical infrastructure should be commanded to better secure assets under wartime conditions. What bothers me is the rhetoric of the administration doesn't match the performance he said. Some of the Hart-Rubman reports recommendations included investing more domestic security and in math and science education which Hart said hasn't been done. They also urged the reorganization of national security, Congress and fighting ways to attract the best people to government. The recommendations to create a domestic security department initially was opposed by Bush. Rodman criticized policy makers for being driven by events rather than force science had Congress acceded too much power to the White House. He said the government's poor money into air travel security because the attack used that means but if the attack had come at a seaport the spending would have been there instead. He said the top priority should be to provide first responders basic equipment and allocate funding localies based on threats not population. Rodman says the President's creation of the terrorist threat is the administration center help unite the disparate intelligence bodies. He said he favors basic standards for chemical plans nuclear facilities and cyber security. Both senators said they back established one of the House and Senate committees with permanent oversight of the new department and said other chairman would have to re-learn a question or his addiction. Rodman warned the policy makers I think there will be held a pan as comfortable as if something happens and they're saying something's going to happen. How do you like that? They're hares on fire. Get the extinguisher because they're flaming. You know what I'm saying? FIRE! Right. Don't forget to try to mad dog to the for the staff. Don't be doing a show live from the Hooters in derail. Stop by to win some really cheap ass prizes and you can enjoy how to convey your specials during the show. Enjoy the QMQD's A10 tonight. The village gorilla and Pumplokidoop commercial and A1A stop by for prizes specials on vex spears and pump to your hearts content. Was that picture? Did we actually put that on there? I don't know what to say but I didn't chat. Sposers are cartoon. There's other it is. Now is it possible that in one of his acting movie roles that that was it that the huh? Not or not seen. I mean what is that picture and it's still there. I checked a little while ago on the scene. You're posted the website to see if they changed it if it wasn't air. Yeah. That is bizarre. We haven't had anybody guess at it or make us suggest that I guess it's just a mistake. And these people making a mistake. I could be him. Look at the eyes in the mouth. Oh yeah. Yeah. Looks a lot like him. Just keep staring at it. WQMQL. Look at 3D now. QM. 560. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon world of slime. They're stupid five. We haven't had one person even make a guess as to what that is. Some of you just a mistake. Not a mistake. Those papers don't make them a mistake. Like they're old for example. QMQL. Yeah. That picture is one of the stunts he does. Choose the people. That's the costume he's wearing when he does it. You're asking? It's one of the stunts that he does. For his new show. Okay. Okay. We got the answer you think? I think he's right. Well, there you go. How do we know that? We got this. Yeah. Yeah. I think we've all been juice. Oh man. Freshly squeezed. Oh, I feel like it's been squeezed. Gingerly. WQMQL. I got a guy for your phone for a while. Okay. How about Captain Kangaroo? Bob Keaton. He's dead. Okay. Thank you. Bob Keaton, we went to put Captain Kangaroo. Put it out of whatever you like. He wasn't. He was plum. Plum. Pudgy. Yeah. He wasn't your right. He wasn't one of these big, your fat people. Here you know. These people are starting to like a lose me. The perspective on this. We're talking about big, gigantic fat people. Not just people with a little bit of a punch. Everybody in America's got a punch. Even kids not got a punch. Everybody's got one of those. Even Kangaroo's got one. Yeah. I think they're just like, you know, a punch and Judy. Good. But, you know, this idea that the people are a little bit chilly are fat. We're talking about big, gigantic humanists. You know, you liked. I'll blong. Oh, boy. Right. WQM. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Hey. Hey. That's a good job to stomach. But you were talking about the chest and all that. Yeah. Do you remember just met? Now, now that you mentioned that, I wonder if that bit is one that we can still play. Probably not. I think it is. Is it? What is that called? I don't know. He went to jail. Where? He's a child molester. No. What's he got? What's his real name? What is his real name? That's not what I thought it was. The fruity gourmet was a child molester. Look at him. Look at him. He's hilarious. Oh my God. Frills 20 years. Hey, you got to hit him. In the other words, you got to hit him. Look at him. You got to hit him. There you go. Oh my God. Yeah. But it goes to show you man. You don't mean no. You mean no. I can't. You're looking. It's called frugal gourmet. The frugal gourmet. I love that show too. Let's say in video stores everywhere. From the people who brought you. The frugal gourmet cooks with wine. It's the frugal gourmet cooks with boys. Yeah. Woo. Woo. Yes. The frugal gourmet cooks Italian. Hey little man. I have some lovely sausage for you. The frugal gourmet cooks Chinese. Today I want to make some young guy. And of course, the frugal gourmet cooks Greek. Woo. Yes. If you're warm and fuzzier old friend, the frugal gourmet, like you've never seen him before. He may be frugal with his money. But not with his sons. The frugal gourmet cooks with boys. Only 1995. The video is stored near you. And don't forget coming next fall. It's the frugal gourmet cooks with malt liquor. I'm Michael Jackson beat him to that when I think that Jesus Jews. Yeah. The frugal gourmet I love that too. Did you ever watch it? No. No. Because you know like cooking shows. Correct. You just like that stupid ass iron dish. I don't know. Because that's the comedy show. I see. No, but the frugal gourmet you wouldn't have appreciated as much because he had like a lot of scenes from Italy. That's why I love that show. Mostly Italian food, which I'm crazy about. But a lot of it's filmed on location in Italy. What can only imagine who he was doing there? Isn't the idea of a cooking show to actually learn how to cook something and then actually doing it yourself? Not necessarily. No. And not only that, but you're not a fat person. See us fat people were so obsessed with food. No. No. You're all of it. You're absolutely wrong. Okay. You're laughing, but it's the truth. Just in there watching it, kind of like, you know, this, the salvation process starts and you're like, you're not just watering like, yeah. You take your pants off to watch those shows. No. No, only the fruity gourmet is that. All the penny. We're not sure I can make those sounds anymore. All the penny. I want to do eating while you're watching. The show with your cooking up the store. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What's in the fruity gourmet? No, mode. Not for a long time. He's doing some time. WCM. Hello. Yeah. 10. Yeah. Hello there. Yeah. I was trying to hear Neil talking to you. I was saying about the rest on the room and my wife supplied it to him. She said it's a room tomorrow. I was wondering if he ever remembers the name of that restaurant. It's right off the court. It's next to the star metropolitan hotel. One more time. The name of the hotel is next to, which is to have a block away from is the star metropolitan. You go downstairs. It's a little trap to read. I think it's called a, I'm a Tachiana. It is the most read on a. I'm a Tachiana. Do you know what that is? I'm a Georgia Givesum Italian lessons. I hope you have a good time here. I, I, yeah. It's got like two or three different names. You know, I don't know why that is. I've been going here for years. And I've been never been able to figure out what the real name of the joint is. It's one of those typical Italian family run. The only run track there is just about all of them are man is that a great. I attended a spaghetti pommetor, which is very simple, a very plain or nothing fancy about it. Don't forget he would meet Paul's niddly by the way. They'll kick your ass out. See stupid Americans. But for spaghetti pommetor, maybe I'll present it. He's going to have that while he's there. What do you think? No, probably not. They don't want him there. They haven't massive protests in Rome. I should point out. Yeah, they are. But anyway, and I'll say it again. Tomato sauce is so rich there because the soil in Italy is so old and the produce is so fabulous. And it's not sprayed with artificial coloring and all that other crat they put in. And then they take and they put the pommetor on cheese in. The spaghetti after it's cooked and then they top it off with a little bit of sauce. They don't drown it and sauce. Then they toss it like all together. And it's just in that cheese like melts in the middle of it. And a little more cheese on top. And we got a pommetor on it. Oh my god, it's just that way beyond sex. To me, we'll in that place. It's the pepper version. 5, 6, and I see right away you're starting at 10. That's heavy. Just a little bit on egg. What? You're here. What's we need at 10? You weigh in. Do you? Do you? You're like a shadow called a people. He likes a friend of color people. All this just a man. It's a man. This is just a man to be. You know what? Yeah. Because the man. It's a cool cool. It was the wind and the wind. It was the wind. It was the wind. It was the wind. All this and a more clever. But did it have a good friend? All this and a more clever. And try the color people. Oh my god. It's an OK till from the back of your front. It's a rest of your needs. I've never seen you. I've changed nothing. I've changed so much. Well, at least that we can't close the planet there. That was a better than the first time, right? Well, I heard that I listened to it off the disk on MQ just to make sure it would play. That was fine. And then, as soon as I put it on here, it started doing a little hip-hop. Well, that's in these days, you know. 1989 was 10 of them in square. Yeah. So those who care 15 years ago, 50th anniversary of that. And the 10th anniversary of OJ coming up on Monday with a whole bunch of interviews and this Katie Corric is a scoop in this one and a great event, sister in scoop in at one and it's all the big scoop. Is it if anybody really should care other than, let us know what he croaks, okay? That's what we want here about OJ again. Here's the fact that says, is the Hebrew hammer on the list. Not yet, but get him on there right away. Okay. Hank Goldberg, get him on there. We like Hank a lot, but boy, he's a gigantic. He's huge. Still no no who Paul Poodle almost? Does he have a white hair? No. Okay. Family of OJs forgotten victim is still feeling the pain. Ron Goldman is the forgotten victim in the OJ case. The handsome 25 year old was brutally stabbed, that's simply because he was in the wrong place at the wrong time. Not a good idea being in the wrong place at the wrong time. And in the 10 year since the tragedy remarkably different fates have befallen his loved ones in Quaras learn. Ron had met Nicole Brada to Brentwood, Jim and became a friend. He worked as a waiter at the 20th of May, met Saluna, the attendor restaurant and Brentwood, where they don't have that great spaghetti pameador, but nevertheless, when it called died with family members the last night of her life. Her mother Judas and Brown, phone the restaurant leader that night to say she'd left her glasses. Ron told she that she's the one she was the Achigron of Woodpearl at Judas and Brown. Right? If she wouldn't have left her glasses there, he wouldn't have been going to the house. He'd still be alive today. Bitch. Ron told Nicole he would drop off her mom's glasses at her townhouse on his way to meet friends. He kept his word and paid for it with his life slaughtered in the darkness outside the colds home. His father Fred Goldman, who was an advertising executive, lived in middle class L.A. Subber, today he says of his shattered family, we've been doing fine, except for a reminder every day that Ron's gone, and in the happy times when they come along were missing Ron. When my daughter recently gave birth to her son she didn't have her brother there, those of the moments that really strike home and make it painful. The inquire learned that Ron's sister Kim 32 married her high school sweetheart Mike Han, she gave birth to a board last September naming Ms. Samuel Ronald on her verslane brother Samuel Ronald. And an exclusive interview on the eve of the 10 year anniversary Kim told the inquire that she and her dad have kept after O.J. who was ordered to pay the victim's families 33 and a million dollars in that 1997 civil trial, she charges that the disgrace football star has many out of the table money making schemes and successfully evades payments to the Goldman's, which we have a story on that, O.J. is a plenty of doughhead in the way the victim's good none. Coming up. But when we get wind of something he's planning we call our lawyers and they pursue a Kim-filled inquire. She's glad to report that her 64-year-old father Fred is doing well. They probably should have gotten the money that would have paid for that plane ticket, they'd Greg Reed paid to fly me to our golf tournament for five six years ago when we didn't want to eat part of his ass. That was, seriously, if I had to write my memoirs right now, that was the lowest point in his being my radio life. Greg Reed's screw in and a bunch of losers plotting behind our back here for charity knowless at a golf tournament to fly his ass in there. And then they have sand the sham Carlos on here. Oh, we got O.J. here. Want to put him on here? No. Remember that? I remember that you said that you wouldn't talk about it because we were here in rumors that O.J. was going to be there and then you said that you wouldn't promote it if he was going to be there. So everybody told you that he was not going to be there. And it was a lie. I said I wouldn't have anything to do with that. He was going to be there. I made that very clear adamant. So I said no, he won't be there and it was a lie. South like a lawsuit to me, Duff. Anyway, getting back to the story. Kim says she's glad to report that her 64 year old father Fred is doing well. He has a company working with doing lobbying and making speaking engagements in good health. Seemingly overlooked and forgotten his wrongs mother, Sharon Rufo. She and Fred Goldman split up on the kids were small. Sharon's attorney Katherine Davis told the inquire, even now she so emotionally fragile she can't talk to anyone about it. She doesn't work. She's not received a penny from Simpson, since he killed her son. Sharon made headlines in February when O.J. showed up in her hometown St. Louis, the pedal autographs and memorabilia, the be-reaved mother and her lawyer tried to tackle some of the widely running backs proceeds, but failed. Sharon will never give up Davis told the inquire, well, honeym down wherever he tries to make a dime. Now this story which just makes you want to scream, makes you want to peat blood, just ask Josh Beckett to tell you the best way. O.J. has plenty of dough hidden away, but the victims get none. O.J. Simpson still owes $33.00 million that was awarded in a cold brown around Goldman's family's net civil judgment, but for seven years, he's avoided paying them a cent by cleverly hiding his money since the inquire. The ex-football stars only visible source of income is roughly 300 grand a year he gets poor baby from the national football expansion fund which is as a pension is exempt under law. But the inquire is learned that Simpson has also been raking him money through the sale of memorabilia and keeps his fortune in offshore bank accounts. O.J. has plenty of money and a high-to-to-keep secret bank accounts in the Bahamas he goes there frequently and insides his assort said, I'm getting soaked up about, I'm gagging on it. And I don't think O.J. has never good time at his down there. It's always a party. He celebrates the fact that he keeps the civil awards from Ron and Kool's families, it's sick. In other words, this murdering son of a bitch and for him life is a party. Yeah. Yeah. The black question disclosure that O.J. is pocketing thousands from the sale of personal sports memorabilia comes in an exclusive inquire interview with collector Albert Zley who says money for O.J. sports memorabilia's handle through O.J.'s pal sports agent Mike Gilbert. Gilbert. The summer of 2002, I met Gilbert at the Hollywood and Burbank where he offered to sell me some game balls that he had with him as well as photos O.J. had taken with J. Edgar Hoover, gay Edgar Hoover, some artwork done by Nicole Boba Chaudet Jr. say I'll be pissed about that. Ask Josh Beckett. Photos O.J. had taken with gay Edgar Hoover some artwork done by Nicole Gifts presented at O.J. by Lynn Swan and a few game warrant jerseys. These were all high-value items. Some of the balls have been signed by football players who were not deceased like Walter Peyton. That's something you have football players on your balls? On another occasion, Mike wanted 25 grand for the suit O.J. wore when he was found not guilty said virizly. He also had a ring specially handmade for O.J. which he wore in jail. Ain't that lovely? Aw. Mike handles the money at O.J. keeps his own hands clean. O.J. doesn't turn over any bucks to the Brown and Golden families. After the civil trial, O.J. is some of Simpson's assets did yield a small amount of money. Beyond that, the amount of Goldman's and Brown's have received is not a penny. Zippity DuBas 00 and 0. Ron Goldman's father Fred told a reporter. I don't know why we should be honestly surprised. He said you can't lose track of what we're dealing with. He's first and foremost a murderer. He's a wife, Peter. He's a dishonest person. He's a sociopath. So I would be ever a speck him do anything honorable. He asked. And that's pretty good question. And the answer is we would not. What a slime bucket man. What a piece of turt. We hope you're a dyo. J.S. In fact, on the burn anniversary of your murders on Monday, how about blowing your brains out? That would be some good publicity, right? We promised to talk about it for days on it. If you're just do that for us. We'll see it. Yeah, table. Right. Man. So cinnamon square. We're 1989. When are we going to liberate those poor press Chinese people? Oh, didn't we? Didn't we go to their rescue and support? No, we decided to start doing business with them. Because they made a barco, they'll cheat. Barco then because they're a communist country and we don't do business. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. That's only yours. 5, 5, 60. On the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. And it's because your country don't have one of bomba gun on it. That's part of the problem. See. WQAM. Hello. Yes. 5, 50. 5, 60. WQAM. Yes. All right. I was just confident in your Roger. You're speaking to them. All right, Neil. Yes, sir. What do you got? Well, how about the Dave game? Did we put him on here? I guess we left Dave game off of there. He was on a poll yesterday and he's on there right now. Thanks to you. Thank you, sir. Did you know he's still a channel for? No. He's in charge of their website. Oh, no wonder. He's still a screen. It's nicely before. Exactly. Well, there you go. He'd least he's still alive and he's still got a job. Thanks, Bally. All right, I guess. See. Dave game. Huh? People like Dave game. I remember what he looked like, too. He was, uh, I remember. Pat and real ugly. Yeah. What about us, Kimberly, to that? Your favorite all-time fat person, dead or alive. John Candy 154, Jackie Gleesons, who would up 89. Chris Farley 72, John Balushi 52, the top four, they're all fat and they're all dead. Fat and he arrived, is 46. Maybe there's a message in there, huh? For me. Since I'm right next on the list. Curly of the three stuages, 22, Dom, Delaware, 17, Jerry Garcia, 16, Kelly Craig 15. John Goodman 13, Big Wilson 9, Dusty Rhodes got 9, buddy, hack it 8, and 8, and 8, and 8, he's dead. Marlon Brando 8. Marlon Brando isn't just fat. He's just, he's monstrous. He's just bigger than life itself. He's an island unto himself. How do you fly in a plane? It's good thing he's got all the big bugs. He certainly wouldn't fly commercial airline. How would you fly in a plane extra somebody decides that I had? He had to buy a ticket to your own section. Have you ever had that experience flying on a plane with something who needs the seat of belt? I have. The ultimate experience. Really? Yeah, when I was 9 flying to LA, I had a giant fat guy that didn't fit in his seat. Yeah. I'll sit practically on my lap. Really? And they wouldn't move. How was it? It was a great one. And Duff said he enjoyed it. Five, eight, eight, seven. He's now, don't they? Huh? Yeah, they make you. They make you somebody airlines at all, but some of your eyes make you pay for two seats, and then they lift the armrest, and then you have one cheek on one seat and another cheek on another seat. If you have like a huge welcome, you managed to again a seat. Oh, these are deliveries. And you know what will be this thing to arrange when your eyes are one too loud. Bye-bye to American Idol. If I see another special, I'll become suicidal. And no one cares which one of them takes the title. It doesn't matter which of them wins. Take a look at play and rubin'. You that all hope was lost when Jennifer Hudson was glued off, who the heck was casting boats. John's Steve is not he had it made, but he was born in the wrong decade. And Simon said he couldn't hit the nose. And the toy had run in really son, but she's not as big as who you're home. When he synced his sounds so wrong, had they run a Ricky Martin song, who'd been paid for the end of the show. The door don't think I could take the show anymore. And he's not until season four to them. The music did. There's no more singing by a two American Idol. If I see another way, then I make a homicidal. Brandy, homicidal, for a while. I wish you would all give in a rest. And that includes Ryan secret. Who the hell is Nathan with goody on? What race is he grabbing? You just emailed me this thing, but it's a website. I did. You didn't? Oh, I just emailed you something. Yeah. It's an a website of naked people. Well, there was a story there that I was trying to email you. Oh, I didn't email my story. Email me a website that links to all these naked people, which I don't see any of my heresy of guys head. Well, let me try it again. It's his dudes and organs. Oh, it's just like a world tour that kind of art. Is this a story? No, it was a joke. A telegram from El Presidente to Shalabi. Oh, speaking of El Presidente. During that bit, I almost interrupted it because I wanted to like, most people aren't sitting by a TV set. But if you, I don't, do you have to see an an an I'm probably not because you would have been screaming about a by now? I've been saying, they showed a clip where Bush was sitting next to the pope. Across from him. And the pope is speaking. And Bush is sitting there looking like Alfred Yenuman on a bad day with his head kind of cocked off the side. You know how like a bird. Perhaps it's head off the one side or dog. But yeah, dog sometimes that if you make a strange sound, a dog will do that too. But most often you see a bird do that or a dog. And it like, it was scary. I said they're like frozen and suspended animation. I just couldn't believe it. I mean, this is, there are actually those of you out there who believe that this man is a president that this man has got to elect larger than your thumbnail. I mean, calm on now. There are too many important things going on in the world. And the idea that we've been suckered in and snuckered in by the Iranian should come as no surprise. But a bunch of Dodo birds we got running this country right now. Speaking of birds. Dodo birds. There he is. The shows there come in the files. There you go. Mr. Roger secret baby scandal. Bob it didn't know I could do it. Did you know? This is a terrible story in a quarba. He's dead now. So I guess we can pick on Fred Rogers. Anguished mom searching for twins. She says TV legend convinced her to put up her adoption. Every day may have been beautiful and Mr. Rogers neighborhood. But the beloved kitty show host family was rocked by drug edition. And a fair and shocking baby scandal. Let's be kept secret for nearly 20 years. The inquiries learned exclusively. In 1984 Fred Rogers on John fell in love with a woman he met in drug rehab. And she says he got her pregnant with twins. Desperate to preserve Mr. Rogers' wholesome image he claims members of the family pressure to abort the babies. But the TV legend in ordained Presbyterian Mr. convinced the anguished mom instead to put her son David and daughter Eden up her adoption. She hasn't seen the children since giving them up and it's left the hole in her heart that's never healed. Now 15 months after Mr. Rogers death the children's birth mom, Catherine and Shhoitz, speaking up for the first time about her heartbreaking sacrifice to the inquire and the hope that our readers could uptrack down her long-laws twins or soon to be 19. Please inquire where readers helped me find my twins. They need to know their grandfather's Fred Rogers. She said, I can't try for it quite for nearly 20 years. And here's a picture of course they were like little kids who did the infants. Didn't this something? The Rogers family is all set for Fred. I always tried to act like I don't exist. Neither did the twins their son father said Catherine. But now the children are old enough to decide for themselves. And I think they ought to be proud to know that Fred Rogers was their grandpa. The perfect net sweater was their grandpa. Say I knew about him. Nothing is what I tell you. Nothing is ever what appears on the surface. I never liked him. Not for a minute. No, he was always very fade of me. Right. I thought it was wrong. But you know, that's not why I didn't like him. FIREDING Very fade. I mean, just I don't know. You're just weak. Very ineffective. Let's go to general. Huh? He was a skipper. Chuck, he was no, what's your friend on channel seven there? I have an, oh, a Wayne Chandler. Wayne Chandler. Wayne Chandler. I couldn't hold the candle. No, not even close. John can't he's got a 158 year old time favorite fat person. Jack E. Gleason 90 Chris Farley 72 and John Belushi 53. All did. WDQAM hello. Can I add one to the pole? Yes sir. I have to do all the butcher that's another red flare. It, a company, dusty roads real well. They caught a lot of that. It was a guy. I have to do all the butcher. George says he wasn't fat. Very fat. He was the one that stuck people with fork from the forehead. Okay. I believe you. George don't know his wrestling is much easier. This guy in the rub dual butcher like he was sitting right next to me. Yeah. And he wasn't fat. All right. When this guy made a pro wrestlers had a bit of a, Oh, well, this guy make it up. I think you've been wrestling with your pro. I just wanted to say that. Okay. Oh, I'm dual butcher. He's that's Calhoun was huge. Yes. That. Well, he wants to have dual butcher. I'm going to call it a big idea. I don't pay any attention to George. He's off his feet now. Okay. Oh, not. You're feeding it. Well, that's right. Now where did you eat that food from this morning? He would tell me about a cheeseburger. Something rockets. Johnny Rock, Johnny Rock, that's it. What's Johnny Rockets? They have burgers and fries. I've heard a pocket rocket. I see you're thinking of something dirty. The pocket rocket was a hockey player on re-reshared from Montreal, Canadians. The Iowa Pocker Rocker, right away. You're thinking of Kathy Willis something we need dirty. Pocket rocket was a hockey player. Number 16. I heard on re-hared. Younger brother Maurice the rocket was shard. Anyway, speaking of rockets, what am I saying? How kind of weapons found hidden in US? Oh, my God. Fed say terrorists, some within 25 miles of the White House will strike this summer. This is also in the aquarium. This is one heavy duty in Quarish, this week to make it up for lost time because last year for it been very, very lame if I say so myself. Hidden stockpiles of deadly terrorist weapons that I'll cut a plan to use to murder innocent Americans have been found in the US top government sources telling Quarish exclusively. The Starling Discovery is an upstate New York and New Jersey with a secret reason to turn a general John Ascrop recently should be chilling warning that terrorists are operating in the West G'day way to distract this summer. I'm sure if you believe that. See, they're in Quarish, one thing about them. Very right wing, you do know that. Yeah, extremely right wing. And it's set off a massive hunt for more weapons and terrorist safe houses. Some believe to be located just 25 miles from the White House. Many Americans think that terrorism is somewhere over there in the Middle East in Europe far away from daily life in the US. I remember the Justice Department's anti-terrorism task force to lead in Quarish. This is no longer true. In fact, you're here ought to be on fire. ought to be burning so bad you're f-ing. The intelligence information we're getting and the fighting of terrorist weapons here in the US puts the threat of terrorism right at our doorstep right in your front door when somebody rings your bell. You better take a close peek. Acting on crucial information to climb everton's MI5 in the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad members of the Justice Department's special anti-terrorism task force uncovered one cash of arms in New York and another in New Jersey that were being ridded by the terrorist that a just department source. The weapons discovered by the Feds included automatic rifles, bomb making materials, and rubber boats. Oh, they probably came from Cuba. That's the hot mind. During the top secret raids conducted by the FBI Justice Department in the Bureau of ATF, a special anti-terrorism unit of the New York City Police, the Task Force also found several maps and papers now being scrutinized at the FBI live in Quarish, getting the weapons and the match was a real coup said the source, the MAPS and the paper showed the terrorist of occupied safe houses in Virginia within 25 miles of the White House. But on these guys' pre-years, the terrorists are difficult to trap they stay on the movement frequently changed locations, but the difference now is that they're getting bolder, and the more they show their hand, the harder will come down to them. Right, we're holding our breath. Come down on them, please. Pretty please. Instead of wasting all your time, possibly about over and over in Iraq, sacrificing American kids. Come back over here and take her a business. Just like Gary Hartman Warren said, okay, with their old hair on fire. Pretty scary. It's best that we ask so I'm sitting there at that net cheer. You had already seen it. He had his head turned off to the side like he was trying to, and of course I can understand it's not easy to understand what this guy old man is ramming. Oh my god. It's a hundred languages. Yeah, Portland. Not one of them is desirable. That's a problem. Speaking of a speaking 100 languages, so did Reagan in the exercise. Yeah. See the little connection there. Lopper, little bit of a ton. You know, all of that crap. 560560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I've been involved in a piano box burial. Really? Yeah, burying some really fat guy up in here, how I asked you. You mean actually really do that? I thought I was just a sick joke. No, no, no, no. This was one of the two fatted twins in history. They were in the Guinness Book of World Records tour. And one of them decided to settle down there and wanted to get married. So he wanted to help the apartment where I worked to get a blood test. I was in armacy with like 600 pounds. She's... They get to blood test and a few probably about six months later he dies. And so... The other than much louder sound than that. I'm not on the hand. Yeah, like that. Yeah. And so they arranged to get him an a piano crate, which had to be reinforced because they just couldn't Lord into the ground and by normal means they had to get a crane. And since I went for the help of the children, they had to get a permit to get this guy buried in a... What do you call it? Oh, that. Of course, I don't know. I don't know if that big. They had to contract out to a septic camp company. Ah. I think my B.A.A. is somebody's front lawn right now. I don't know. So at the very end, they had to modify the wealth. And of course they called me because they couldn't believe it. I was, I don't know where they were looking at it. And sure enough, it was a specially prepared septic camp for the day they did go over. And then they ruined the guy at a very nicely polished piano box that had reinforced them on the bottom. How train? Sorry. Thanks a lot, man. You're welcome. See. I wonder if the piano was a spinning. I don't get it. Do you ever heard of a spinning piano? No. SPI-N-E-T. You don't know your piano's Mr. No, I don't. And what's as we found out before you sure when I mentioned world loss, you don't know your organs either. I don't know world losses. Well, spin it. Probably not a septic camp. You can spin it to Sanctanuno over there at the Darrell at the Hooters. Stop by in spin that vehicle. Maybe when the crappy prize or two, or not, as the case may be, and definitely with a mad dog and your honic and beer specials during the show, two to four the septic now. If you try to lose weight because you're big and fat, call these people who are making fun of today, including me. See, if you do it, everybody else, you don't make a little fun of yourself. That's bad. But if you say, hey, I'm a fat slob and then that makes it okay. Makes it coarsely. So I'm a fat slob. And if you're trying to lose weight on one of those low carb diets, whether it's the abkin's diet or whether it's somebody's other ones, which I don't want to mention them. Here's the deal. They can be really, really boring. That's why they're so hard to stay on because as delicious as steak and lobster is and butter and cheese and stuff like that, no matter how long you want to stay on it, even if it's just a few days, pretty hard to stay on that. But when you have a variety of things with some really great taste, you can stay on that deal. And that's why we want to introduce you to the Lai-Sawai-Spoca. Now most of the so-called low carb products on grocery store shelves won't help you lose an ounce. Selecting foods with the right ingredients is what is the lowest carbs is what it's really all about. And he likes focuses on over a thousand of the right low carb food items and products that you can sample before you buy in your store. And they got a stamp that knows low carb diet inside and out so if you're on the atkins, Sugarbusters got forbidden the South Beach. You're any low carb sugar free diet. Hit for the Lai-Sawai-Spoca number one low carb store in the universe and let them up. You reach your important weight loss goals. They're open every day, seven days away from 10 to 10. The Lai-Sawai-Spoca, they're on the northeast corner of blades and 441, my nice to Boston Market. You can call them tool free at 1-877 low carb, L-O-W-C-A-R-V or on a web, you'll find them at low carb.com. There's only one, but it's one hell of a store. Do you like the Lai-Sawai-Spoca? It's your official atkins retail center. Lai-Sawai-R-V local. We're sports radio 560s QA-M. Are you in it? That carries. Not saying care. The reason why I say care, because it's so hard to let things go when you care about it. When you care about it, I would say love and then everyone said that you're a fangard. Well, I'm not. Now, when it's in the bathroom, that it keeps the door shut. There's no other smell like it. No weapons or butts. And when he is napping, better leave him alone. Or at you a little bit snappin' because he's dad to the bone. Dad to the bone. Dad to the bone. To the desert. To the desert. To the desert. Dad to the bone. And when photos come, they'll see his present flame. He'll toss it aside. And ask when's the game. We want to tell him we love him. But he would just know if you'll go fuck your mother. Because he's dad to the bone. Dad to the bone. Dad to the bone. To the desert. To the desert. To the desert. To the desert. Who's dad to the bone? You know, I'm looking to get it this first. I got the other one. When this telegram, this fake telegram from Bush to a Chalemy. Yeah. But the naked celebrities thing, what was that all about? Where did that come from? The story that's from Uncle Scoopy, which is where I get a lot of the, what do you call it? Beaded curtain pictures. But they also have news. Some funny, some real. A lot of the stories that we have on the website. They also have there. For example, because it's a fun time site. This is one of those things you have to subscribe to. We were talking about this before the show. Right. Yes. Yes indeed. If you want all these nude pictures. Correct. Boobies and penises and things like that. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. Right. Telegram from Bush to. Agent Ahmed Chalemy. The address supposedly 3608, Greens on Boulevard, Baghdad Iraq. It says, Dear Chalemy Bing Bang. This is a telegram. I hope that never have to send. Unfortunately this but all my efforts to prevent it. America's annoyingly free presses. We've already do it's uncoroperative. Hamlet of allowing facts to get it off message. And so our special relationship must come to an end. I'll always treasure the nights we held hands and feed each other popcorn at the White House. Gene Auffy Film Festival, while pickles loudly snort on the floor behind us. But despite my personal affection from this point forward, my administration must treat you as a radioactive pariah. That's why I wanted to take a minute to privately thank you for all you've done. Without you and your steady supply or of obvious yet convenient lies about Iraq, I'd never been able to suck her American letting me use the military to settle my personal score with Sodom Hussein. Because after all 800 didn't listed grunts as a small price to pay for me getting the show off Sodom's pistol in the awful office. I reckon that's about what it was fetch on an e-on-e-bay if allowed you to pay with a bloody broken corpses of 18 year olds. I hope the Iranian contacts in my dad and all the other guys from Oklahoma run his administration said I'll pre-reworking out of well and all those high atollers are getting little prickly about America these days, so if you could please remind them about all the good times we had trading arms and conspiring to turn Jimmy Carter in a total one-term. BAH! See? I'm not mad at all about you telling the M.M.I. Rainy Axe that we had broken their code. The CIA doesn't have anyone to stamp a red-eye rainy in ease anyway, so no harm no follow my friend. In closing, I'm really sorry about the violent way that you'll hold my hope that you're visiting the dollars in monthly 340 grand US Treasury checks that I wrote you why you were hoodwinking us. We'll have to alleviate any emotional suffering. Your pal George W.W. Bush PS, good luck with your continued evasion of that 22 year old Zurdianian prison sense for embezzlement. The disvellery plane case keeps going the way it is. It might just, I might just bring you on as a consultant. That's kind of cute. Not really good, it's okay. Tell about two minutes. Yeah, it's time. It's week. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18, 18, rise, more or less time. Do have some good news today for those people who are in an elective atoll of the hunt and don't walk around with them a slap on must-have jobs. We can't your Congress question, Mark South Dakota, Triumph has Democrats thinking the unthinkable. Oh my God. How do you like that? Pelosi pulls the bad wagon for recapturing Congress, good old Nancy, she's pulling it. A pure special election wins in strong Republican states combined with President Bush's skidding national popularity as Democratic leaders giddy over the once unthinkable possibility of taking back Congress in November. All right. It's all about momentum, San Francisco representative Nancy Pelosi of the Huston Democratic leader said Wednesday, we're on a roll. Let's roll. A boy in Pelosi said Tuesday's win and sought to code a special congressional election and the Democrats' House special election win a Kentucky in February show that her party can win back the House and the Senate in November. People who don't think that Democrats can win the House this year just don't understand Pelosi said, well demonstrate district by district how we intend to win. But Republican leaders argue that Pelosi and other Democrats are whistling past the graveyard, which is where GOP experts are specially Democratic congressional hopes will end up. I'm amazed at how Pelosi can draw national implications from a South Dakota race where the candidate almost blew a 30-point lead, so Carl Forty spoke some of the Republican National Congressional Committee. I know she has an obligation to her members and donors to manufacture momentum, but the reality is it's not there. Even after Stephen Stephanie Hursett's victory in South Dakota, Republican still hold a 220 to 26 leader over Democrats in the House, which also includes an independent. That means Democrats have to pick up 11 seats to take back control they lost to the 94 elections. The numbers are even tighter in the Senate where Republicans hold a 51-48 age with one independent lead's democratic. Yadi-yadi-yadi, an apartment new per tree, while at least they're like little a little quick-ling sign here in Arizona. A little glimmer of a ray of sunshine. We'll take it. We'll take whatever we can. They ain't much. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. WQAM, hello. Onel? Yes, man. I just don't have to. My favorite dead old set person is. Okay. Okay. I knew probably no. It is. It's Gene Hart. Gene Hart, the announcer for the flyers, you bet another taste of tasty cake. Another taste of tasty cake. And I think I tasted too many of them, yeah. Well, yeah, he sure did. And he sure did. The lock better than the guilty is going to be dealing this year. So, since you haven't mentioned hockey, I mean people are missing a great hockey series. They are. What's that? It can't certainly be Calgary and Tampa. It is. Oh, come on. How's it? Great series. Oh, you have you watched? I've watched all of it in some of the most ponders, excuse for hockey. I've ever seen in my life, clutching and grabbing and punching in a head on this river. Huh? That is so fast. I mean, there is Calgary, it's just so fast. Yeah, Calgary is fast. But there's not a lot of hockey going on. I'll tell you that. It's just disappointing to me. I've been enjoying a lot. I've been enjoying a lot. I've been enjoying a lot. I've been enjoying a lot. I want to tell you, if this Calgary team wins a Stanley Cup, this will be one of the great injustices in the history of mankind. I mean, you know, you got to go out and win the games, but Tampa Bay is so much a superior team. But they can put the biscuit in the basket. Yeah, well, that's it. It's a shame that the shame I'm afraid they're going to lose the next one. But I have not to. I'd like to see games have been in Tampa anyway. Anyway, so put Jean heart on that list, please. So you got to text with art. Thanks. Bye. Jean heart. You got it. That's G.E. N.E. I don't want you to put in like no G.A. and like on Jean Valzron. Don't be doing that. Okay. You're a big Jean heart fan, Archie George. Who? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the effect we went for a little lease lunch on there right now. It's on the air and when to pay get global. Yeah. Okay. I'm going to pick fat bill waters. We could put him on list, but nobody down there knows who it is. They bill waters from our G.E.M. of the Toronto Maple Leafs. Now he's just another big fat broadcaster, which there are so many, you know, so many big fat broadcasters. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WCWM. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I will be ready. Take a look at him. Can we have him? I thought we did. Hey, go to the local. What should I do? Okay. What do you say? He said how you doing? And what do you just say? He said the fat one in the skinny one. Oh, the fat one in the skinny one. Okay. He's supposed to be on there anyway. Let's take a look down there to the bottom of the list. Okay. I'll tell you that people don't have any votes yet. Gene Hart will be just one on there. And it's not spelled right in the way it's H.A.R.T. I should have told you that. I mean, I don't know too many people whose name is heart named H.E.R.A.R.T. But then again, Josh has a little bit of a spell in problem. I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm not a problem. I'm sure that I'm not a problem. I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm a problem. I'm sure that I'm a problem. I'm sure that I'm a problem. I'm sure that I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. I'm a problem. Like this. He's got Arsenal, a problem. They need to make the difference. I do want to do a majority job of bulletin. I don't want to sell money. It's just a problem. Then I've got someone home. I like them. This man. I'm a problem. I'm a monster. That is normal. It's all possible. I heard that there arressed, and felt like they ran in. And they realized that they wouldnt think our country would have to thinks they used to go withista. The Japanese is not lying. The key feature is going to be on a team again this year. He's talking to you, Josh. This isn't a believe he's there. No, no, but could you believe it? No. See that's my point. Nobody can believe it. That's how desperate they are. That's how untounded they are at the quarterback position. That's how jealous they are of the Patriots in Tom Brady. Anybody else has got a real quarterback, which ain't the Dalton's. How about that kid on the Jets? What else is named? Chad Pankton. Chad Pankton, there's a quarterback, see? The Dalton's what they got. They got a kid called Touchy Feeley, which right off the bat tells you he's a loser. And then they got you a fielder. So it's a good, you know, stick a halavab, but that's about it. 28 past one at five sixty W.M. summertime in South Florida guarantees three things. Heat humidity and hurricanes. We're already in hurricane season, the matter of fact. You can't control the weather, but you can't control how you protect your home during hurricane season. Florida, New Code Hurricane Chutters is installed shutters and over 3,000 homes in South Florida. Over the past decade from panels, the accordion rolled out or Bahama shutters. Florida, New Code Hurricane Chutters make it easy for you to pick up the hurricane protection. You need for your home. Call 9-5-4-8-6-8-49-35 for your free, home estimate. If you own a Tuesday, home, you know it's a real pain in the ass. They have to put a ladder up there to put up those shutters. But Florida, New Code, now offers you a new steel panel system to decide to be installed from the inside. On your second floor, when those would no need for ladders. Leaving you be a credit for your existing hurricane protection to turn a new purchase. So what's not to like? Call Florida, New Code Hurricane Chutters 2-A and get ready for the hurricane season, which is already underway. Call 9-5-4-8-6-8-49-35. That's 9-5-4-8-6-8-49-35. Florida, New Code Hurricane Chutters providing South Florida hurricane protection for more than the past decades. And my life and love calls. This is 4-20-56. In the way you weigh in. Uddnth. Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Honeywood Celebrity Musicography Profile Story. They were two Danish guys who knew 14 were to be glish, then put them in a song, and scored one of the biggest dance club hits of the 80s. They were laid back and get through all the ride. Don't ride the wild horse. This is Roger McCarthy reporting from Denmark. We said our inside the behind course bothered to Denmark. The locate Tim Stahl and John Gilbert. The duo who made White Horse back in 1984. So far, no money. Finding what's their name. You might be interested. No that. That's a two-hand, it's legal. Here in Denmark. Oh yeah baby, got to read the no-no place. Later. Tracking down a lead from a local Danish disc jockey, who knew Tim Stahl. Our reporter went to a meeting in Denmark bar. No, f***. Get up any here. Oh, huh? Where on? Oh, p***. I'm here in a narrow one of bar. We're Mary J. Refero. That beat to Becky totally legal. They like bring it to you at your table. Ah, I'm looking at that lamp. That is the funniest f***ing of everything. Damn, I got a monkey. Well, maybe music fans have wondered what the song White Horse is about. Tonight Roger McCarthy attempts to find out. Well, a lot of people said it was a cocaine reference which, by the way, is legal here. I think it is. Oh yeah baby, one more time. That naughty way. Oh, so Roger, could we? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Do you feel on the Roger stuff, okay? Or you know, my name is John Smith. Get it. Hey, I'm now rebright out of high school. And I am never gonna have a chance to do this stuff again. Who's doing? Yeah, I'm doing my little raspberry Danish with whoo. Lay back. There from Denmark. And now wish the producers sent me the bastards. It's a big juicy shopping went looking show business tonight. On inside the behind. So about that fake letter from Bush to, um, So lobby, that was a pretty weak. Sorry. It was awful. Is what it was. But hey, it killed a couple of minutes. 30% of US diet found to be junk. How do you like that? Even the late Peter Clayton would be embarrassed to find out that we're eating so much. What, wouldn't he? I don't know, buddy. Graver. How's really Graver doing with that book? That seems like a strange thing that Woody Graver. We know she's a public relations guy. But usually he's with musicians, usually. But where's he all of a sudden come up with this author guy? They're all of pretty interesting book to his matter, fact. We'll check for get the name of it. Do you have yours there? No, I took it home. Well, bathroom. Oh, I see. That's a good place for it. No, it's so pretty good. Roe is a state rogue, uh, something. Roe state. I'll check out war with the world. Buy some guy. Well, we'll talk about him one day. Make what he happy. It's pretty interesting. I just got too many books piled up here. I got piles. And then we got that David Brockbook pay. We're mentioned the other day that showed up. Which I got to go out and buy that. But I just, I don't know. Anyway, what did you do this? This is very disturbing and distressing. And this is what they're doing. Was there kill on us? I think there actually really ought to be like a massive lawsuit against, uh, uh, Nabisco and who are all the other big, uh, general mills general foods. All of these people general lies now are junk foods such as desserts, chips, and soft drinks. Make up. Guess what percent of Americans daily diet. Fifty. But third man. As obesity rates continue to sore. According to a new study published this month in the Yorano food chemistry analysis. By the way, while I played that last bit, I was actually in there speaking of urinating. Take care of that business. And Josh Beckett taught me how to like do that and wash my hands at the same time. I'll give you a. Sugar refood, soft drinks and alcoholic beverages. A comfortably 25 percent of all calories consumed every day. Despite the popularity of low carb diets. Five percent of total calories eaten daily include salty snacks and fruit flavored drinks. Let's say 30 25 percent of our products 60 percent already. Crap. Believe investigating the study, Gladys Block. A professor of epidemiology and public health nutrition at the University of California Berkeley said she expected that Americans ate a lot of junk food. However, she was surprised that they magnitude of it. It was mammoth and vivid and huge and massive as Rick Riley would say in between going to the Umpa. I don't know what I was listening to the other day, but it was something from the, that he used to play all the time. And every time I think of Rick Riley and the show, his whole concept of his show was Umpa Umpa, you know what I mean? Like beer is good for you. Umpa. If I remember what this bit was of the song, you'd do no exactly what I'm talking about. Too much Umpa. Which is probably whether or not on the ear anymore in poor such, you know? He deserves a better faith. Yeah, that's it. That's ours though. I know. Mrs. Blockinger colleagues hope to study what I help understand American dietary patterns in order to reduce the trend of drug and amone. Don't change the damn thing. The researchers review the results of a study of 4760 adults conducted 1999 and 2000 by the federal government titled the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. What how much they spent for that? Those survey were questioned in the foods they had eaten in the last 24 hours. America's largest source of calories were regular soft drinks. See, I don't put a leg of me understanding why it like my mother for example. She's a fat tub, all right? She's almost 91, but she's a fat tub. She refuses to drink diet soda. Why? I don't know. She won't teet on like it. So when I go to her house for lunch, she's got diet soda for me and she's got a bottle or regular soda, but sugar in it. Why do you drink? I mean, if you're going to have something with sugar, but then have something at least you know what I mean? Like candy or something. I'm not sure. Something good, ma. Not soda. Regular soft drinks with sugar make up 7.1% of their daily caloric and into that. That's the, that's the, the scrape. How can I be so fat? I don't drink any of that. You know, once in a great while, you go into a restaurant order or die coke and I'll bring you to make a mistake. Mm-hmm. Oh, it's a poison. And I haven't had a regular soda in years. I mean, I have to be out of my mind, but I can make room for nestle turtle ice cream or something really good, right? Why do I know what I mean? I have to be a moron. And man, you drink that. And he's like, oh, yeah. Seconding, you want to barfe into the disgusting. Like, sir. Those surveyed, those surveyed consume sweetened desserts more than any other type of food. This is 40. This is just not fat people. These are 5,000 average American and the slabs. They consume sweetened desserts more than any other type of food. Not kind of crowd as matter. Fully by hamburgers, pizza and potato chips, cheese, beer, and french fries, also high and list ofly, not use mayonnaise in their fries because they don't live in Amsterdam. The number of adults are overweight or obese, and still the increased since 1980, according to the American Abesity Association. Today, oh my god, these numbers are now so embarrassing. I can't even read it. Guess what percent of individuals older than 20 are overweight? 56. 64.5 percent. Up from 46 percent since 1980, man, are you people fat? And me. At 30 and a half percent, the number of adults suffering from obesity is more than doubled. So we're talking overweight, 65 percent, and obese, meaning fat is a cow. About 30, man. Yeah. And you know what's more than that. Growing by the minute, and so is the number. Because the reading so many junk foods you said Americans are not choosing enough healthy foods, fruits and vegetables, if I would have been more than 10 percent of daily calories. See, that's because it's very difficult. They don't make it easy. I'll tell you one of my favorite foods is strawberries. Yeah. Don't you love strawberries? I have some like two days ago. And if you have really good sweet delicious fresh strawberries, you don't have to put any kind of sweeteners, you don't like to spend the or sweeten lower, or you actually put sugar on it. If you don't have to watch your sugar, but that's stupid. But if you're really good, you don't need anything on it. They don't need to be in hands during belly stir or whatever. Right now. Where would you go right now? You were going out to lunch. Where would you go to get like as part of your meal? Really good fresh strawberries. The sweeteners. Really? Yeah. Or those waffle works. It's kind of like a salad bar kind of a place, but then they also have like a pizza bar and a soup bar in there. When we did that last of our, Yeah. You can get different kinds of pizza, like they have different stations that you can go to. Yeah. And I just ate it all the other day. Thank you very much. I came up with a restaurant poll. Our effects. Yeah. And I hadn't heard of it. I mean, I've seen them around, but hadn't been there since. And what do you mean since? In other words, since we did that poll, I hadn't been there, but just recently I went. And. And it's good. It's good place fresh stuff. I'll be damned. But you know, you go right now. I'm going to go right now. I'm going to go right now. I'm going to go to find a sweetener and have some wonderful lunch. Some nice strawberries. Then you have to go to a specialty produce place. If you don't go to one of your, those pick your own strawberry places like drive the candle and the redlands or something like that. How about like that in the market there? In on the DV road extension, got the produce and how about like down in day. What's that old sponsor mine in day county in Kendall? The produce market, right? Whatever it was. Well, no, you know what tell it is. And it's a little bit of money's market, but. And then, of course, back in sunny's market, and don't forget, we're not around for a long time, just for a bankrupt time. That's what sunny always said. 19 deal to poor sunny and all the other business people. Used to be out there at 79 Street causeway. What a shame. It's called changing hoods. That's right. Just like they do in in Abugar. Yeah, they're changing hoods. When you get a little bit too moldy and they start smelling too bad. Here's your company suffering from regulations that increase labor cost. That Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business. Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits. Human and Norman brothers, that's the place. Okay. Remember Norman brothers, produce? No. Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefit, human resource services and risk management is just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation at 1-866 at Oasis. That's 1-866-2866-2747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management. And Oasis seems to be recognized by firms large and small as the powerful management choice, which lets you focus on your core business body and the operational details to Oasis outsourcing. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for a free evaluation no obligation called toll-free. 1-866-2866-2747-47 for Oasis outsourcing. And look, Oasis for 20-560. 2-way. That's a loole. 1-866-2866-2747-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1-866-2866-3347 for Oasis outsourcing. 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. We have had enough We have had enough We're in serious shit, freedom totally lost If I say couple-comps, I'm totally f***ing Don't afraid you have one out of love Cause the SEC's from my apartment I keep asking myself Wondering how, it goes to show their f***ing disguise Can say you're well, they have picked the stars You're just throwing the town The SEC's from my Michael Pal This is the s*** of my phone All the things are said now They give me that general truth That the SEC went and threw up it All the things are said now they give me that They give me that particular f***ing disguise And they give me that f***ing disguise We have had enough That's absolutely We have had enough Can't use to it, 146-14-2560WMSD American F&WNM and censorship is running rampant And you can't say f***ing disguise You can make maybe you can't squatch Just be careful where you do it Speak out of that Speak out of that Speaking of being raped and pillaged and plundered and looted Did I see what the thing with shell gas? Yeah Now you don't want to put shell gas in your car? Shell no I got a diesel Thike A dirty saw to court or to yesterday asking a federal judge to stop shell oil company From a crime customers consumers decide where their rights When filing claims to fix fuel gauges They've been evicted gas Man, oh man The only thing worse than an induct home of this morning The only thing worse than a native gas is attainted ass For Lauderdale lawyer David Scott said Shell imposed burdens and restrictions on consumers By requiring them to sign releases And have their vehicles under the limited automotive inspection Learned to be reimbursed What kind of a bud? It's not bad enough that we're paying like over two bucks a gallon For gas done well on the way to three No, but we're getting tainted gas in our ass By agreeing to the settlement to fix a bad fuel gauge Scott said consumers could be forced to pay for other vehicle problems It might not show up until weeks are months later Well good, screw these oil companies And by the way at a time when OPEC is saying this And the Saudis are panicking because of the attack last weekend All these other excuses they're making at that time Same time it's going on the oil companies Are reporting record profits again every quarter Ha, must be just a coincidence Or maybe they're just being allowed to rate the public You think they would let them do that Just like your government would never lie to you would they? One driver who called Scott's law office And the high sulfur content in the gas ruled his catalytic converter And in addition to his fuel gauge Will he repair it to have more than a thousand dollars? A grand Oh my god For the outer use in Shell gas Scott said some dealerships of cold drivers that warrant he's a new vehicles Don't cover fuel gauge repairs They've also told drivers that new car warnings will be voted if they take the car to another shop to get a fixed I use anacle and mobile when I'm there Okay, and you use Um, I'm kind of think probably has its real cheap No, although I do hit the VP every now and then Well, it'll be pizanico Right, Chevron typically Oh Chevron Oh Chevron What are you going to do? No, it's okay. Chevron's real gas Yeah, I suppose to some of those like make believe cut A gas station Oh, well hit a mobile every now and then depending on where I'm at Shell sport Oh, and let me say this to you Don't we have a bit where they say at the end of the bit It says something about you're going to have to pay for air We've got some bit where they Well, we're already paying for air This is something I've been meaning to bitch and scream in a hollow about And I don't know why we're such a bunch of schmucks What kind of a communist bunch of crap is it when I'll pay in $2.18 or two and a quarter whatever it is for a gallon of premium gas And you go into a mobile station and you have to pay for air Uh-huh What kind of crap is that? It's a new revenue stream Yeah, it's kind of like the abesley auction Right on the online auction to rape the public out there The unsuspecting public with things that's for charity And so the bee's like people put these online auction out there They're probably a bunch of crap they got laying around A bunch of OJ's old balls and stuff like that I mean why could why would they give you something for free when they can charge you for it? I mean that would be like charging for water That'll be next Uh-uh Selling water Yeah Come on, I mean they do charge you to clean your car I understand that for the vacuum thing Which is another rip off that's just a rape that don't cost a man That's just a suction thing I mean screw-answer. That's no big deal But Do the idea of charging for air That's that's one step away from charging me to breathe the fresh air. You see what I'm saying sure? Sure, and I think one of the stations it was like 50 cent Hmm 50 cent weight a lot no punk kids fill it up their bicycle tire. Why not for free why not where they're gonna get the air? That was no raspberry, okay? That was Absolutely, I know my raspberries we're talking strawberries raspberries Another resorted fruit. I know my fruit mister It was a party dress. No raspberry that was but I should have reached right down here and dumped that baby because it sounded to me like you just did that yourself It was a bike tire and I think dump was the opposite for there that was bad. That was bad. Do you better stay better check the tape on that baby, okay? That was really better. Almost get to the weekend another fine week here on a show Almost get to the weekend and little George drops one out. That was just gross test Welcome back to the grown man week Anyways, Scott said some dealerships and full drivers at warranties on new vehicles I just read that. Shell spokesman Sean Fredrick said shell is a draft release form for customers to sign when filing claims But hasn't required anyone to sign anything yet Fredrick said shell is also exploring ways for customers to have their vehicles repaired Without having to pay the cost of front for the formal processes in place yet We're deeply sorry that customers are impacted by these situations Fredrick said We take this matter very serious that encouraged customers of experienced fuel gauge related issues to contact our customers Service Center for as systems Michelle Tugula for Latterdale file two claims after fuel gauges in Or Volkswagen facade and Mercedes vehicles now function last week Shell insurance company sent a letter Thursday which asked her to obtain two estimates for each car A pod recit will review your care for consideration if needed would may elect have your vehicle inspected letter stated Tugula said letter infuriated her because it wasn't signed and the toll free number listed the bottom is not is not a working number I've been a loyal shell customer almost exclusively for 20 years and this is what I get she said they're telling me I have to get four estimates Who's gonna pay for my time and after their review maybe they'll elect to cover my claim maybe? Well, come and read I think is what she said for shell and can go to hell you people it's shell that's bad The rape of the American boy I have to see this little this little punky kid of the spelling being. Now, did you see that they showed a hundred times the other kid did you seem pass out? No, not yet. He faded Maybe they'll see it now. I know this little nerdy kid. Are they gonna pick on that kid in school or one? Actually, oh here you go. We do got three there. There you go. Last while on the way. We're freaking last while on stage. Got it. He then got up. He actually got up and then spelled this word correctly. I can't believe we haven't seen that. No, no, yeah. I shown that about 50,000 times already. 152,560 WQMAD dog doing a show at the Hooters this afternoon in the deraille. With the heat of the summer here right now speaking of cars now is a great time to get out of that car. You've been driving get yourself into a great new Toyota from Armstrong Toyota of homestead on US 1,20, and it's south of the 86th. They're worth the drive to save thousands on great new Toyota's with rising ass prices. Maybe you want to car out more fuel economy. The legendary Toyota. I love the way this spelling man. That boy you're an idiot. The legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 11990 or Lisa for just 209 a month. He'd a great Toyota for that college or high school graduate. How about the Toyota Echo? These prices just one 99 need a truck to be six to out of 10 regular camp can be least for just 239 a month. Looking for the hottest new cars around check out the Corolla XRS and Solaror convertible now in stock at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. Armstrong Toyota homestead is locally owned and operated. Make sure that you're happy customer. They'll do just about anything including standing on their head. And a service department's even open late till 8 week nights to make sure your service work is done. And get this. Armstrong Toyota homestead was the first even draw for your free tires and batteries for life and now. The first draw for your free replacement parts for life. You heard me right. Batteries and free parts for life. Nobody know where to do that. So I always time in gas to have an all over town. Especially without gas price the way it is. To all those big shop megadators with their screaming car spots who then give you a big let down. Do the smart things. See Davey Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota homestead day for an unbeatable deal. That's Armstrong Toyota homestead. Rabbilib and Sabaton. I'm at great new Toyota today. I got a local of the 60s. Five 60s. The reason for your spawning. A few in. Why the you bastard? Santana. You heard him play his Grammy performance with Rob Thomas. And on the latest hit with Michelle Branch. Everybody wants Santana on their song. So we compiled a CD collection of every artist Santana has ever played with. Like M&M. Two set of hard rolls over on the outside. On the outside. On the outside. Look at the chicks. Ready to go. On drape of the jelly. It's Santana's licks for everyone's CD including un-release tracks from Carlos and John Tess. And I'm the Eurgy Willand. I'll be there for you as well. Yes, he's a guitar playing a whore who will play with anybody. Except of course. Kelly Clarkson. A moment like this. No way, man. Santana's licks for everyone. Order now and receive a personalized bonus track where Santana plays your very own birth based on. And he birthed a year's stand. Call now. See, I would like to debate that myself. They say Santana licks. I think Santana sucks myself. But nevertheless, I don't know what that will. Some people would say, both. 158 at 5. See, do watch your step now Mr. Watch your step. Hey, look, it says in those moving walkways at the airport at Skipple and Amsterdam. Watch your step. Watch your step. I'm treading lightly. Kevin Kru, take your seats. There's nothing like the Dutch speaking English man or just something about it. Like sends goose bumps up the back of my spine. I like to English. Oh, what's that? I mean, like in South Florida, what's that going to start? Oh, you mean the Brits speaking English. No, I don't. I can't stand that. That just turns me the other way. Turns me around. Anyway, how's that pull coming? Who's your end? Think about the, I will never ever. This is my pledge to myself. I'll never, ever buy gas at a gas station where they're going to charge me for air in my tires. I just won't do it. Yeah. Right? Why do you have to pay for air? What kind of a bunch of garbage is that? Some of us bought an air compressor for our homes. So we don't have to put up with that. Well, good for you. I think maybe I should be doing that big shot like me. Who's your all time favorite fat person dead or alive? Was our pull question today? You notice there's an awful lot of dead people here before their time. John Candy leading the way 177 Jackie Lisa 102. Chris Farley 83. John Blue Shees 63. The formerly fat neurologist, the old fat version 57. Crowley of the three-stu just 32. Jerry Garcia 21. Don Deloys 20. Kelly Craig 17. Come on Kelly. Loosen on please. We love you. John Goodman 15. Dusty Rhodes 10. Big Wilson 9. Marlon Brando 9. Michael Morris got 9. He should be doing better than that. I would have voted for him. 10. Kimnison 8. Buddy Hack at 8. Fat Rush Limbao 8. See a question show you. Pop a lot of oxies. Man you can lose weight. It's great. He's got 8. No castella 8. Alfred Hitchcock 7. The fat Elvis 7. The Humphors got 7. Dave Dixon 6. Orson Wells 5. Fat and a cool Smith 5. Ron Jeremy 4. And Teddy Roosevelt 4. Ever seen together Teddy Roosevelt. Ron Jeremy? No. Same person. Bye bye bye. This is the base of fat.