This is the radio station because it's a crazy house. The crazy people. We are sports radio five, two and a half. She went in. My Ellie is for blood again. The great man, well, he met well. She said well. General Floss. Oh, goodbye, I'm Colleanne. You have to get back from those. And also that's what we're doing. We're done for somebody that is got maddo. If you're snipped down, you're not still alive. That's a common sense of life. Or if you're a big fan of you, or you're one of us trying to love you to be with them. And you lose a million dollars. You're the penalty. Take off your hands. There are two times a day. And you're a perfect fight by voice. And I have another great show to continue me this way. You've asked for something. And it's still bad. You've never done high-dears you've had. And the appetite for you, has an appetite for you. And since then, very cool world. It's a thousand thoughts. You've faired. It's a bad idea. I thought I'd have to hit her. I heard you a little bit on Tuesday. Okay. Well, I don't know. You were talking about when you walked into the door. I don't really know how you describe my little miss hat here on the Saturday night. I've heard that you stumbled for some of those reasons. I didn't stumble for none. I know, and I stumbled because the phone rang at midnight in the middle of the night. I did not have a phone in my bedroom. Although I do now. Because there's no jack in there. So I now put my portable phone in there. Phone rings at midnight. And of course, you were in a deep sleep. Like at home, because I didn't think the Niagara Falls casino for like the previous 26 hours and slept two hours of it. So I'm going to deep sleep in the phone rings. And now in the dark. Because my phone only rings about three times before goes on voicemail. So naturally, you have to like really run in the assume of it's ringing at that time. It's like something urgent, you know? You said it. Right. And so I go darting into the living room. But of course, didn't make it. And when it's getting on the floor of my knees, scrape the hell out of my knee. And then it was like a car accident. Just smashed my head and the other my dining room table. Like in the mouth with a hockey stick or a baseball bat. Yeah. So my upper lip is like still split. I got a nice, you know, thing on it. And my knee is just scraped the beat the band. So that's why I was not on Tuesday. Now as far as the tough and current circumstances, I don't really know where to start with all this. So the first let's give the bad news from Baghdad. Four US troops in a Iraqi National Garp and were killed today in the central Iraqi city of Samara. Twenty soldiers in three Iraqis were wounded. One US soldier is missing. Some more bad news from Iraq, even though of course we've turned over the case of the kingdom. And they had that really great democracy. One full tilt. Here's George's pull result from yesterday. Which dead person used to want a male. Let's also some good ones to that girl. I voted for River penis only because they only had two males on here. For us fangs. I certainly had JFK Junior. I mean, oh man, he was gross. So this popular though, all the women wanted to. I think they saw it. Now who else is popular Tony Geary? Who? Tony Geary from that soap opera? This member Luke and Laura. Oh, yeah, with the purb. Hi, but the Tony Geary that girl. He's above his head. I've had ball movements. I look better than him. Okay. Did you take pictures? Yes. I'll be sending this in. We'll put him on the website. Which, in fact, will sense of the Greg to make him feel bad. Greg, you just just leave me alone. Okay, go away. Get out of my life. I have no interest in you. And anything about you just make sure the check-through up on time all of Brother. And of course there's additional nation that's not a thing to see. Deal is on July 19th. I think that was the day for the whispering to me. 940, clear channel again. Another act of this, British without station. They keep buttoring and changing the format every year or two. 940, four, a fox sports is down the tubes. Bye-bye. History. Sagan by the 940s. Bye-bye. Oh, what a shame. To be replaced by the rumor is, era America. If it's still on the year by then, Al Franken is going to kick our ass and for else supposed to be a rumor is he fits in there too somewhere. I don't know how that works for his shows on like 10 to 3. And Franken's on noon to 3. So I think what they're going to do is they're going to have like on it the same time. Okay. Yeah. Bring them all on, baby. Look. See, I could pay the same amount that we have a 30 share or one share a, I'll point. Oh, I didn't make so different. So bring them all on and have a good time. Anyway, which dead pierciness do you want to know? You people are 625 said that. Thank goodness, I was not a part of that. Right. He'll be a, it was strictly George and Josh. By the way, Jack did nice job the week you wrote on vacation. I wish I could say the same about Jack. Is that just, he doesn't number one. He doesn't say anything. And number two, he speaks like he's whispering all the time. I think he's scary. No, no, he even listened to him on with Joe. He sounds, I don't know if he's at like some kind of a, vocal problem of vocal chord thing or he can barely speak. Am I the only one who notices that? He's a husky guy with a husky voice. Oh, come on. Maryland, London, 177. She was the winner of those people who were mentioned other than you people are 625. See, I must say this is just fantasy. I'm just just in question George was asking, but some of you people take this like, like, not profiliary, you know, like the hunchback and the word or demon, the Esmeralda, whatever name was. For it in for Christ. Yeah. In other words, which one of these people who's dead, you could use the old fantasize. I would have a Brandon to build on there myself. Not the one in Shane, I'm sorry. I would have put the one in the, the old, all down. Come back, Brandon. Brandon to build on. Or he's, he won't be coming back. Natalie, what 147. She's still a float now. If you're in the sea somewhere. She's that floating. Alia. Alia. Right, 88. Alia, I'm sorry. Salina, 71. Princess Diana. We'll get back to you Diana, 68. We'll see her no more. I didn't want to do her, which was alive. And how do you like that, that sewage dream that they have queen donated to her the other day? Wouldn't that be beautiful? The princess Diana sewage dream. Even it's a beautiful thing. No, people like waiting up to their ankles. And it was just a lovely thing. And the water pushes both ways. Princess Diana 68, Lacey Peterson 52. Oh, you know, that'll be Scott Lacey Peterson intensive. No, no. Oh, brother. Wow. Obreking those home nine defense to remind of continuing Alkita threat. Everybody get ready to hide under the bed. Because they're going to give us another warning. Okay, they continue. Alkita threat. Even though they kept telling us they were doing such a great job of disembouling Alkita. So the threat continues to be really scared because like Michael Mortel, Jim, Fahrenheit, and I love him. That's the one thing that we need. They got to inform us. Keep people peeing in their pants and then they'll evoke for this buzzer of Neonossies. Lacey Peterson 52, Dorothy Stratton 45. I have no idea who that is. I'm so sorry. Do the up the playboy playmate they got killed. Buy your husband or boy friend. Never heard of him, Blueberry. Say good old 44. I sure knew Saker. Savannah 42. Dana play old 40. Chrisie Taylor 40. Tann Man's girl 38. Boy, she had big, big problems. Tann FK Junior 36 boy, he was talk about her by any other name. If he's able to have intense myth for you to body. By the way, tense myth still brought it to Tompano Park. Oh, she decruised 33. Now we're talking Nicole Brown Simpson 28. River penis 18. He got my vote by default. No Carter 17. No Carter with pay. Oh come on. Big fat mama. Lann Clarkson 11. Where about Lanna Lane? What tells her name? Lanna. Lann Lane. Lann 1111 and Angelic Petty John. Angelic Petty John. And one vote. So there's the list of people who would be used to like who are no longer with us. We used to like to a stick at home. Claudia Schiffer here's one you who still alive. Right. She's our behind the big curtain young lady today. She was born August 25, 1970 in Ryanburg, Germany. Which makes her 30. Not 30. Not 34 in August. All the 33 right now. This moment. Trozen by people magazine in 1990 is one of the 50 most beautiful people in the world. We got nice photo there. And our website. Right. And the product Claudia Schiffer fan to those guys who like seeing movies. Or just the horny guys who just want to see anything. Her filmography love actually. Life without dick. I'm sorry. In pursuit the sound of Claudia Schiffer desperate but not serious. I think that's our programming pair. That's definitely clearance desperate but not serious. That was about them. Black and white friends and lovers. I think that also includes them. The black out. Richie Rich. No kid to fat rich. Or we'll get to that momentarily. And then a whole bunch of stuff and other. What is this story with that? Ice skum vekins. Huh? It looks like Danish. Because it's got that little thing over the. Oh. And much about this stuff. So she's been around. Everybody knows her of course. Claudia Schiffer. You don't know her then you probably some. We always want to say some kind of a fact. Even a spag's no fucky of sugar. So you're out of touch. I got a great. Fantastic article. I'm going to get to it. I don't want to get too much reading because my offer lip is split. But the poll today is that it doesn't really require a lot of additions. Plus once I get into my main topic. I. I just might to ramble on for quite some time. And I'm going to get a great length. Do you know what I mean by that? No, what do you mean? In other words, I got a lot of crap. Here's today's poll. What's the most important issue do you want this year's election? God, we got 80 million. Oh, it was such a beautiful thing. See, can you lay it take an off and handcuffs on it? There it is. Look at that. Look at that. The guy in the 65 pages won. Oh, right. Neil his ass. He must be just a coincidence that they decided to hand out this indictment. Now I'm putting him in the. The who's got. Put him in handcuffs. Right at the time just before the election. Do you think it's difficult, was it? Yeah. Can he blow a? The bush barely even know. I mean, I didn't know no, can he blow? It's kind of like your Frankie Pan-Tangly. I didn't know no Godfather. What's the most important issue in this year's election to you? We asked. Here's the list of two, four, six, eight, ten, and dozen. What did you see the documentary on MSNB? It wasn't documentary. It was um, different North Carolina MSNBC last night. No. Catholic Church. No. Obviously they got through the entire hour without the William. What, what, what, what are that guy's name is? The old Madonna Hill. Don't you? Yeah. The angry Catholic spokesman. Ah. Anyway, most important issue. Iraq. Abortion. Healthcare. Integrity. I don't give a Schmidt about anything. Cuba policy. Gamemarriage. Taxes. Affirmative action. The criminalization of pot. The wiki weed. Freedom of speech. Or the separation of church and state. Oh, hey. Of course, you know, those of you who are interested in freedom of speech. I sure love to know which candidate you're supporting because I haven't discovered one yet who believes in that. But nothing's perfect, right? Right. Linda, the root. I'll take you one thing. Now there was a commentator on CBC here that they went announced the John Edward Sting. And he had a great line. He said, well John Kerry has picked someone who at least will add some life to the ticket. He was like shortly in traveling in like, like, you know, just like that. When he said it, add some life to otherwise dull look and ticket. And they'd man in a suit, Herman, Monster and drag whatever. And you know, it's two of them together, which like they're right. Signing two of them again. Hug. They're almost. He's right. I thought they were going to do something. Right. The grinding. Twenty five sixty. Twenty five sixty. WQM on this Tuesday the day after. Poor George had a work on the fourth of July. But it really wasn't a fourth. So what's the nice thing now? But it was still brutal. Was it really? Yeah. A company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost. Let Oasis outshircing help. You want to come to the people's idea of business. Table administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits. Human research services and risk management are just a few of the services. Let Oasis outshircing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outshircing the day for a free ride Oasis call tool free. One eight six six at Oasis. That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven. Four oasis outshircing. With more than sixty thousand employees worldwide. Oasis outshircing understands many facets of human resource management. And Oasis has been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice. Which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to Oasis outshircing. But Oasis outshircing make your business more profitable. If you like a free ride Oasis call one eight six six at Oasis. I still feel like I'm like Elmo fuddle a bit with that upper lip. Does it sound like. No. That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven four oasis. Big at 9, 601. Sunday, animations Of course. But it's the house. About three Ponf Ants. Paras, 140, about eight five six two and two eight five six eight four five six five five six six four six five six seven six four five six seven five five six Auxy f. out of Jamie's mouth. See if thong could be loud if Jamie's mouth. It is wrong but he's not back and down. There's no regrets or calm and Thomas now. That's the sin of the years. Must have been heard of burdocked and must have been heard of death. Don't ask to Jamie. I bowed how the burdocked the burdocked and out of burdocked. That's if we do the left. That a curse worth the furthest left. That a curse worth the furthest left. We should know when the raiding below. Keep a zip that they did. Just keep that. You know the petals must be near to start your yard. Start to see the yard except the mountain mountain park. Jesus Christ is really getting south. See the cross and the tea and the one house. See the day he goes to take the land of the tea. He's built a system on 2015 he's got the house farm. You might drop another one after he hears this story. Oh my God. By President Dick Chany faces criminal indictments for illegal activities while CEO of energy giant Heal of energy giant Haliburton and also illegally intervened to secure a $7 billion No big contract for his former employer after his election to office and analysis by the White House Council's office concludes. The Vice President is currently under investigation by French authorities for bribery, money laundering, and misuse of corporate assets while the Haliburton also faces a US securities exchange commission probe of a $180 million slush fund that may have been used to pay bribes. How do you like that? Oh my God. Although the White House Council and an A-Losation is not available to the public because of the secrecy of a treaty-clined privilege, it has generated speculation among senior White House States who suggest the Vice President should step down as W's running mate for the November elections. So stock has increased in GOP circles lately with former New York Senator Alph-The Model yesterday calling on Bush to dump Chany. To go take a big dump. Those of Reddian Lossation say it presents a devastating case against the Vice President who's the Chany as violated both the spirit and intent of federal laws on conflict of interest. Even worse, worse, Chany, even better, Chany faces an indictment by a French court on charges of bribery, money laundering and misuse of corporate assets because of fraud associated with a constructive a $6 billion-percure chemical time-built by Haliburton and Nigeria in partnership with Technip, one of France's largest federal chemical engineering companies. Chany is under investigation by Judge Minald Von Rym Wich, one of France's most famous investigating magistrates, he's a legend in legal circles because of investigation of French campaign scandals in the 90s resulting in multiple indictments and provisions of top officials. Because of Rym Wich's work in the case, the U.S. security and exchange permission to open investigation into a $180 million-slash fund that the French judge says was used to pay bribes. London attorney Jeffrey Tesla, a consultant of Haliburton admitted under oath in May that he made payments from the fund to Albert Jack Stanley, president of Haliburton subsidiary Kellogg Brune and Route and a longtime friend in the associate of Chany. The payments Tesla said were personally approved by Chany, who had an Haliburton at the time. Although Chany left his position, Haliburton before becoming VP, is financial disclosure statement, sure it continues to receive dividends from stock, as well as the third compensation from the company, at least $5 million payments to Stanley from the fund were wired to a secret number bank account in Zurich, which Judge Rym Wich discovered belonged to K. Lee K. Lee R. President, Kellogg Brown and Route. Tesla also testified he claimed that the 380 and 50 grand were another K. Lee R. Executive William Shodran though, through another secret bank account, on the Isle of Jersey. And there's a lot more. I mean, I've texted to Amel to two of Eric. And we got our website. Chany faces criminal indictment. Oh, right. Like that. I'm rubbed at me. All right. The blame for that is. Here's the first. Early returns on our pool. What's the most important issue to you in this year's election? Iraq, 20, separates the church in state 11, freedom of speech, 10, and typically five, healthcare, four, the criminalization of pot three. I don't give a Schmidt about anything three. Taxes won, affirmative action won, a bashing won, two of policy won, and game marriages got the big. Oh, so far, I was the first 60 vote. This is smattering. Just a little sample. Okay. Let's get into the good stuff now. Okay. Okay. So money. Let's see. Two in the morning. Now keep in mind my mother had been the hospital for a few days. And she had some gastrointestinal problems. She had pancreatitis. You had the other. Keep in mind also she was 91 years old. Monday this past Monday July 5th was your 91st birthday. Okay. Keep all of these things in mind. Okay. So Saturday night I had this, and it's like really having a car accident in your house in your apartment. With my head hitting the end of my coffee table. I'm just a mess. In fact, I think a lot of times you get like a really minor concussion from that, but you know, when you're sure of it, and the bridge of your nose, and you can feel the pressure in your sciences and look all of these things. And I'm saying, all of you stay right. Sure. So Tuesday morning, I wake up and panning on doing a show. Well, actually when I went to bed Monday night, if I'll see how my lip is healed, I probably can't say speak for four hours, because when you have anything oral, it's hard to speak for four hours because the irritations even more. If it's a tongue thing, a mouth thing, I would have right. We're still talking about injuries, right? Right. So two thing morning I wake up, and I couldn't do it. Couldn't possibly do the show. So I call up muff. I call up missed ducts, a emotional cripple. As seven o'clock, even I was early in the morning to alert him to alert you that I wasn't going to be doing the show on Tuesday. I go on my living room and sit down 20 minutes later, the phone rings and it's a call for my roommate, John, and Florida, time me that my mother passed away. At five o'clock the previous afternoon. Now, see there are always those people who want to tell you how you should feel, how you should react, what you should do, what you should think. I don't even know where to start on this because the, what has happened today is only Thursday. She got on Monday, which was on her birthday, 91st birthday. Let me just preface what I'm going to say by saying this. I can't speak for anybody else, but if I could live to be 91, and live in the kind of good health without any walker, without a wheelchair, without a keen, without a living nurse, without being in a nursing home, all of these things put together. I would like kiss the ground right now, and I think most people would too. I'll take it. Right, 91, good her, self sufficient, drive in your little car, go to the supermarket, and it was kind of like, you know, a sudden thing she had a massive heart attack, and that was the end of wasn't as though she suffered for weeks and months, but I'm supposed to be grieving, I guess, I'm supposed to be very depressed, and I'm supposed to be looking for everybody's sympathies and condolences, and I'm supposed to be going to the funeral of this weekend, which I'm not going to be doing. And I know that there are going to be people saying, oh my God, you're up past you, what a heartless, cold, hearted bastard, we always know it. You're not even going to your own mother's funeral. I don't court a funeral. The only funeral I'm going to be going to be my own. It's sure. Well, I might, you might not even show up for that. But, Garland Brando, they just had a very brief ceremony for him. He was cremated and that was it. And that's what I believe, and see, I think I'm entitled to believe in whatever I want to believe. At least as a moment until I take that away, which they're working on. But the, the kind I called, called the dust, later on that morning by nine o'clock, and I talked to George, about nine thirty whatever was. Doctor man! And the past along the news, and my mother passed away, and I said to George, don't say anything on the urbutt, and I'll talk about it myself on Thursday, when I'm on the air. And you would have thought that would have been the end of it. Was it the end of it? No, well, that was only the beginning. Only the beginning. I get a call early that afternoon Tuesday from Fat Rich, my raised parents. I'm sorry. Yeah. How did Fat Rich fight about it? Well, he called in about something being the end of the day, isn't of course having a life and called in, was it all about when he run the air? His brothers, stores. His brothers, adults, stores, headshots. Whatever they are. Well, what does that have to do with aiming? Nothing. I was talking about them, and he was there. You were talking about him? Chops? Yes. Oh, my God. Well, that was to keep the license until July 19. So anyway, Fat Rich calls in. I don't understand. If he called in, wasn't John sitting there on the other side of the window? No, no, it didn't have an on and the on the air conversation. He called on. No, I don't. You're not letting me finish. All right. You're too defensive and right. Sorry. So, wasn't John sitting there? You were sitting where I sit, right? Where you are right now? Hmm. How is it that you put Fat Rich on hold and spoke to him to come up on another road past away? You're trying to tell you. He didn't call in the air. He called myself. He called yourself home. Yes. Why you run the air? A break. Yeah. Right. Right. And you passed it along to him. Meaning of course only the best of intentions since Fat Rich and I was such close personal friend. Okay. That was only the beginning. All right. See if I would have wanted. I have that which is full number. Believe it or not, I have his 100 or number. I have his self-loin number. I could have called him or anybody else. If I wanted to inform of that. If that would have been the end of it, I would have thought, well, it's one of those things. And he's, you know, he's a good guy known for a long time. And he ought to be the invent. Although, of course, he's probably got the biggest, mouth of anybody who ever met in your life. So by the time Fat Rich learned that my mother passed away, probably everybody in Dave Broward, Palm Beach, and maybe even Monroe County's was aware of it. Not that there's any problem with that. But I would prefer to handle these things in my own way as if, other people being nithas got pop up with that kind of crap. You see what I'm saying? Yes. Okay. Then I get a call yesterday afternoon from Jeff Irmer, the former voice of the Panthers, who hate you like poison by the way, Goli, hate you. Yeah. Spies is used. You know, the Irmer's, even now he can, doesn't have to hold back anymore. Well, here's a facts from Todd, who says, the movie is great. Well, we'll get to that eventually. I got a lot of heavy duties personal crap to unload here today. I'm letting it all out of holding absolutely nothing back. So here's Jeff Irmer on the phone to tell me that he had a call from a year. Well, first he says, my condolences about your mother passing west of a how did you hear it? He had a call from Jeff Cohen at the pizza law. Okay. I think that's a good point at which to take the break now. I'm just about the audience who absorbed that he had a call from Jeff Cohen. From Jeff Cohen at the pizza law to inform him that my mother passed away. Are you following all of that? Yeah, I'm going to take the case. Well, start taking notes and you can bow down to like a little, uh, have a little art. Right. Twenty and after ten, it a really crazy place. You ain't heard nothing yet to get, it gets much better. I mean, the, uh, deaf and parents stuff is just, it's priceless. Matter of fact, I just, uh, to be on the safe side. If there's ever a place in there. There's a long gap in there. They both kind of playing what they should be saying. Where he'll is it. Do you want to get any more calls? How many of you bring? There's a right of getting any more calls. Twenty and after ten and five, sixty, W. W. have been telling you about a laser recharge. The total recharge cartridge specialist for the past few weeks. A lot of you have called 1 800 2 8 7 92 12. And you say, the lot of money on your printing office weapons applies. So those of you who haven't called, why you be waiting. A laser recharge has ingested thermal carbon tape. We're supplies. They provide service support and maintenance for most makes and models. The machines to make them run like new again. When you call 1 800 2 8 7 92 12. You'll deal with just Bob the solar. Who's been supplying business in South Florida with what they need. Most cases within 24 hours. A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges. As compared to depot pricing. All the cartridges sold by a laser recharge are re-manufactured. Not refilled. Anybody can study a cheap refill cartridge but surely get what you pay for. We manufacture cartridges are the only smart way to go. A laser carries a complete line of cartridges for printers, Copiers and faxes along with brother in Xerox drums. A laser recharge is probably individualized service offer way no questions act satisfaction guarantee. So if you need toner, cartridges anything else. Pick up the phone call just Bob from a laser recharge is a tool free call. 1 800 2 8 7 92 12. Log onto a laser recharge.com or make that tool free call. Today you'll have what you need no terminal called 1 800 2 8 7 92 1 2 1 2 2 8 7 9 2 1 2 The spider ran, spider ran, Jim and Cassian and the garbage can. Some of them look in his suit, He could run down next to the spider's blue big box. They boxed his spider ran. By the god, who was an off-screen, in the fall of the model's house. So, please, begin with this number one that the box of this big box in box beside him. The big and generous will be tested. You see, here's one of the screens. No one cares, you can't catch. It will make us dream. I demand, spider ran, from the braided of a kind of scale. These are cups, there's no doubt. All those good movies just watch out, they box. Who be hushes up to the window, he's gonna make you two a ring. They boxed his spider ran. 33, I'm proud to say I did not see spider ran. 1, 2, 3, 4, and I will not see any of them. Sorry. It'll be sorry. But you didn't, and they're sure you enjoyed it from minutes like it was just fine. Okay, just fine. Let's take a quick look at a pool, before we go back and rip everybody an ass, which I just can't wait to do. If I may be able to hear a little bit more of that tape. No. Okay, great. I better not. Long causes. I'm just walking around the building and asking. Seriously, this is, WQM is not a radio station. It's not a place of business. It is a crazy house. I'm telling you right now, I'm not exaggerating. It's a place where there are a bunch of emotional cripples, crazy people. People going around, I was going to move, I might let that sound my lip, but I better not. Don't hear it. The most important issue to you, in this year's election, we got 141 votes already. Somebody cares about something. Iraq 43. Bad news, we had this morning more dead people in Iraq. Freedom of speech, 24, separation of church and state 21, integrity 13, oh yeah, right. Health care 12, I don't give a Schmidt about anything 10. The criminalization of that wacky weed, six taxes by a Boschians 3, affirmative action to fuel policy 1, and game marriage, Maddy Gong Ranbe, says uno. We got one. I'll get back to this thing with my mother dying. Everybody else, see, I know there's a lot of people. I've been feeling people I work with who think that I'm a heartless school, hearted son of a bitch, and that's fine. Because one thing about me, I'm consistent. I don't do things in my life to please other people to make them get to approval. I do whatever I believe is right. That's why I live my life. And so as a result, there are some people who think, wow, he's just not, he's just a cold, miserable, cold heart, and sort of a bitch, is not even going to go to his mother's funeral. He doesn't care about anybody, but of course, is not true. And most of the people who say these things are people that don't know anything about me. They don't know me from mushy puppet, okay? Including most of the people in that building, most of the people at WQA, I mean, they know I'm a big fat slob and old in the kind of of crumartiny. And that's it. And that's all they know. That's all they know. Well, they don't care. I don't bond with them. I don't have dinner with them. I don't associate with them. I don't socialize with them. That is where I work sometime, although not gunwood mostly here, far away from that place, from that sick, sick, festering sewer of a place. And that's it. That's why I'll make my living. Tomorrow's payday by the way, Clarence, he's out with me on it, on the case. And that's as far as it goes. So I had to call. I mean, getting back to Jeff Cohen, I've Jeff is a sponsored pizza law for many, many years, I'm going to show it. I may be along with Papa No Park, the longest standing sponsor of head on this program. Dark concepts have been on over 20 years. I've had not done what again, some really great laurels bosses for a very long time. However, I would point out very quickly that the people who are my advertisers are just at and some of them I know, some of them I don't even know personally. Some of them I know fairly well, some I know pretty well, like Jeff Cohen, a pizza law, is a good guy who is a, how do I describe that? Well, how do you describe that relationship? A business associate friend, not always a sponsored slash friend. Great. Not a close personal friend. See, I look at life this way. You have different levels of association with people. You have people at work who you like. You don't like it. People at work who you consider you're working friends. Like I consider George Dad or Miguel or who else. Hank. My dog Joe Rose, I consider them to be like, people I like and work. Got what? Tommy? I don't know anything about where some of these people live. I don't know what they're doing. I don't know what they're doing. But I consider them to be working friends. Jeff Cohen, I consider to be, although he has tried very diligently over the years to reject himself more closely to my life. No, I'm not interested. But he's a business type friend. In terms of that, we have a business relationship. And he's a good guy and I like him. Whatever. Right? Right. Am I explaining that well or not? No, I get it. Then you have people who you really care about a lot. People who you love, people that you consider to be really good friends. You trust with your life people. And I have a few people in that category. And then there are people who are like in between, like for example, fat rich. I just mentioned that in passing. I'm sorry. Who are like friends, but not like you're, see you, you can't have a million closest friends. Right. Okay. That's like I deal about what are the 40 best Italian restaurants in South or South. They're not going to be the 40 best. They can be 40 good ones. And you can have several good friends, but they can't all be your best friends, your closest friends that you care about the money. It's not possible. I'm sure that's not just me. I'm sure that most people feel that way. Or my wrong. No, that's exactly the way it is. Right. That I mean, that's just life. Now let me just also add one thing that I've said before. And that is in life. You can pick your nose. You can pick your friends. You cannot pick your relatives. And I'm not going to sit here on the heels of my mother passing away and do like an an all out of salt about she was this and she was that the suffice of to say she lived a long, healthy life for the age of 91 and she died on a birthday, which is I have a feeling that she wanted out of my father, or until he was 90 miserable son of a bitch that he was. And I think that somewhere in her mind she must have thought of, I can just make it to 91. At least I'll have made it to your past, even though he died a few years ago. I'll have made it to your past with that son of a bitch that she wouldn't say. That's good work. There you go. And she did it. But the ensuing response from inside of that building from people who not only art my friends, but the general man who were great read who went on there as and I talk about it all the time. He knows I'm on to him. I've been on to him before the first show I did on this radio station. He uses other people to be his conduit to be his pinch to be his go between and his buffers. Because he doesn't have an ounce of ability to have a personal relationship, which most of the people have worked there. Now there's something I could say about that, but I guess I won't. Because I need to jump. But you know the kind of relationship I'm talking about. Oh, sorry. I wasn't listening. Let's go to the radio station. I'll just go. I'll just go. I'll just go. So this new found tremendous sympathy. And again, it was, I guess, in a series, you wanted to find out what the funeral arrangements are. And I've passed into George to give the dub yesterday. And that should have been the end of it. And that should have been sufficient. But no, now comes a memo to everybody in the building. The power ninety six people, the QAM people, the janitor, everybody else in the building. That deals mother passed away and the services will be a touch and touch of time. And you got it. And so on. Well, that would have been so bad. I mean, again, the intentions were fine. I was reminded that many, many times by different clearance for about 35 minutes. This morning before the show, plus in two almost tearful phone calls without yesterday. Why this is very nervous that we don't want to blame great because that'll make a dub. Look, that dub wants to take the fall on this because there always has to be somebody to take the fall for Greg. Right. First Greg don't make mistakes. And Greg don't deal with people directly. It's either through dub or through clearance or the both of them to get it or to bury Jackass. But never directly. And he's not the kind of guy's going to sit down with your wife and say, Hey, Joe, I know I've been screwing over for all of these months. And really been evading and avoiding. But the less did I, AJ, just can't do that. Or look Hank in a face and say, well, I think you really were overboard with your comments about screwing, let's sit down and talk like, he can't do that. It's always a crisis because he just doesn't have the capacity and ability, especially when he's dealing with somebody he knows is undue. I'm like, I've been for a very long time. And anyway, I could just go on to a clock. And I'm just getting started because I'm not, I have no reason to hold anything back at all. I'm letting it all hang right out. And maybe I will. Kind of like, you know, kind of sit and put the cards right out there on the tables, everybody understand this. Well, I would say, should they shoot up front? I mean, you know where you stand with people who are there. You don't look at relationships. You work for, would we under show for what 10, 11, 12 years now? It's going to be 14 and not so. 14 years. Yeah. But we're not close personal friends. We had like three social dinners maybe. Right. We've had dinners, which of course I bought. But nevertheless, I mean, and that's about it. And not because I don't like George a lot, but I don't consider him up. I don't consider him up. A great friend on a personal level. A little bit of interest in a lot of the same things. Exactly. And some people just don't understand that. I don't consider Greg Reed a friend. I don't even consider him a working friend. Like some of the other people that I mentioned. I hope I didn't leave anybody out. But I don't even consider him on that level. I consider him like a necessary evil. He's just there. He has a title. He owns part of the radio station. But in terms of, you can't complain about my relationship with him because we don't have any. We don't have one. 1042 of 560. The sound like I'm whining or something. I don't want some like. Like you. I like Gully. You remember, he hates you like George. Not as much as I do. You think you're a little twerp, a little lining twerp. Okay, Gully. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Hey, by the way, speaking of the morning show. He's got an ugly ball. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You can cover it up with a musk. You can cover it up with a musk. You're looking piece. Sam Domelson's got a bad piece. It looked what happened at his ranch, right? See, yeah, you look at him. It's a cure. The Charles's out for you. He's got the best looking here going anywhere because from where then 35 years, he's been doing it for a guy with the most amazing natural hereline system on a planet. The most critical area of any her system is that hairline and Charlie's new skin like her system is so great. It is 100% untant detectable. And Charlie, he's guaranteed you as a prize system for 30 days. Not 30 days. You can see what I just did when I played that on detectively. You would have just to paint your pants. Because guarantee is he'd cry the system for a month after a month. You don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If everybody doesn't say, hey, look pretty damn good. And you're not getting laid like at least 15, 20, 30 times an hour. We turn it for a full refund. What's not to like? Charlie also services and repairs existing here. Systems including shampoo and trim. So if you like to look younger and better than you ever thought you could again, forget about the pills. Forget about those mousey looking pieces. And if you're self-agmugget looking head of hair from the expert, Charles Alfie Rie. Call them tool for it. There's no obligation. 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413 or check them out on the wicked worldwide web at Charles Alfie Rie.com. I bet you're all the best. You're six, you five, six, you three, you're all yours. You're all yours. You're all yours. You're all yours. You're all yours. You're all yours. You're all yours. You're all yours. You're all yours. You're all yours. You're all yours. There's an early bird's special. Early alert monitoring center is on the line with links to menu information at the touch up button. I had a good meal. I thought what I considered a fan presence. Thank you, Ollie. Early alert looked right into your face maker and said, a gentle, electrical parenting array to remind you it's 430. I learned all right to one-piece rush. I was trying to talk to the whole man when I'm calling. I shouldn't have might teach all of them. Well, what's the point? I've heard that before. We're pretty pretty sure that this tells the services of early alert. Oh, 1-800. It's all your time today. That's 1-800. It's all your time. Oh, 1048 at 5.60W. Here's a great fact from Gregwin, Cross Springs who says, although I don't have an income anywhere near yours, I too have supported my mom providing her with a nice little villa and a specific little car so she can drive the life. I've also wondered about what to do when she dies as my view of religion slash God slash afterlife seen similar to yours. It's all man made fiction and you are of course. I think that I'll go to our funeral. She leaves another son. My worthless brother. Two grandchildren and three great grandchildren. They all want a funeral and since I love them, I'll go to our funeral. After all, don't they say a funeral is for the living? Hmm. But I'll say this if I was mom's soul survivor. I would not go to mom's funeral. Why should I? It means nothing to me. All of my mom had everything to me. He says, wow. So all family attention to your critics. It makes them feel good if they can try to make you feel bad. That's the religion and this is where we go. My mom did not mean everything to me. So we part on that grid. We said, and of course there were some people who are that close with their mothers or their fathers. They're usually the mother, right? Usually. Because fathers generally are bastards. I don't know why that is. But generally speaking they do not have to be really, no good. Right. But as far as the other people, it's a private ceremony. See, and that's why I immediately panic because when Jeff Cohen is called in Jeff Rimmer and this one is called a not one. And the way that came about is because Skippy and ourselves department who say, we all moron and by the way, one of them will apologize to every moron in the face of the globe. Because calling him a moron is an insult to all you real morons out there. But I can't find a bit of where that I can say. Well, speaking of words that I can say, our listen, I'm cute to the next part of that. Tape is a good thing. Something told me a little birdie told me was for my ears. Because I did blurred out a jeek cheney effort there. So I'm cute when I was telling you, you're about this. Here's Skippy takes this memo and now starts. I don't know who else he may have called. Calling sponsors to tell them he was mother passed away. Seriously, if I had a baseball bag there, I'd like to just smash him right in the head. I mean, what I'm moron, if I ever seen him outside the building, do I have anything to do with Skippy? Or love one, anything to do with Skippy? If he know my mother, nothing. He's a quiz like he's an imbicil. He's a simple thing. And he's making fun. See, here's the way I would have done it. I'll correct me if I'm wrong. Just stop and think about this. Okay. If I'm the general manager and what am I talent? What am I people? Their mother passes away. What I would have done is I would have gotten somebody to go out and buy a simple big card, a nice card, have the people and the building who wanted to sign it, which I'm sure wouldn't be everybody, and that's fine. Whoever wanted to sign it may be put a little note and then nail it to that person. Which if they wanted to send it to me, here they could have fed it to me or overnight I could have it to the next day. It would have been timely and it would have been appreciated. And that would have been it. Instead of making a big emotional deal, here's a memo. Everything Greg has to put on a memo. And then of course once I find out about this, I called Duffy yesterday our operations mindless such as she is. And I just went ballistic. Because I'm sick and I said to remember I said he's Jeff Kong going to be sending pepperoni pieces to my mother's funeral. If he asked him to, he's going to open up the box and stuff for slice in there is kind of a parting gift. Something to take with her. You see the fact that it matter is there isn't any reason for anything to be sent because there isn't going to be anybody there who knows any of these people. There will be maybe five or six people there. It's a private ceremony. The public is not invited. And that's the end of it. There is nothing to be involved with. All of her friends from Carole Chosen Holly would have preceded her. She always used to joke about that. That she all the dollar friends. They all died. That's worth. There you go. And I'll say it again. Regardless of how she and I related and I always wondered, you know, you wonder these things. I wonder how I actually honestly would feel the day that she died. In other words, you can assume what your reaction is going to be. And I never know for sure. I wonder. And I was told. John told me that she passed away that he had a phone call. And I sat there and okay. And that's that. Now if that makes me a cold heartless son of a bitch. So be it. I really don't care because it's a one good thing I have going for me is I don't give a flying crab about what anybody else thinks. I don't live my life to please other people especially to please people I don't even know. And I have no luck your feelings about my mother. I put damn good care her. I bought her to condolate she living because of the fact that she was in a tent if a chain or temperamental sister were going to get an argument. And her sister who she was paying rent to with her millions of millions of dollars might throw right on the street some days. Actually in a panic about that really because of the two of them are like firing water together always like screaming and carrying on. And so as a result as you know I bought the condos you have to worry about that. I bought a little car for glass that does she have any car payments. To care for with cash every month to make sure she wasn't wanting for anything. Pay the condo fees and I'm the condominium. All of these things. I don't want to paint myself out of that. But I have no bad feelings about what I did to support my mother. I did whatever I could whatever she needed she would never wanting anything. I wanted to visit her more often than most people visit their parents. There you go when I was in town always once a week and believe me and I was plenty. I mean he just happened to be you know even say it was always a good intentions but you know what they say about good intentions going to hell in a handbasket. But annoying she was annoying she was a crash she was always pins and needles everything was like her crisis. And then of course your favorite thing which I'm sure contributed to her I will not go to say early demise because 91 is pretty damn long. But the fact that a matter of age she was always bragging about the fact that you had taken a lot to do every day of her life since she was a teenager. So those people say life is a polycrap maybe there's a point there somewhere but I mean that was her her life was bowel movements. I mean that every is that we some sort of pretty well you know you got to have something right everybody has something and her life was bowel movements are trying to find a way to stimulate them or create them or something. And that was the thing. So like I said the jep called what's certainly not being known if they and then I started having vision to sugar firms because I have no way of knowing. Now after my call to death who called me back now once but twice to apologize to make sure that I realized that great we had good intentions in putting up that memo. I apologize right. I really have no way of knowing how many other salespeople called sponsors called this one tool by one or what any of these people playing because quite frankly it's a first time. And it wasn't anybody's that business which is why I plan to talk about it on the year if I'd worked on Tuesday I would have talked about it on Tuesday but my lip was a little too funky on Tuesday and I couldn't work. So I shed any tears. Oh and I like it emotional cripple. In fact what's getting me is the fact that some of these other people some of the other emotional cripples in that building. I have an more spastic reaction in my mother's passing at the age of 91 that I'm having I'm not at least that's spastic. I mean look how lucky I was in in retrospect look how lucky that she didn't have to go with her nursing home. Then I have to have her right private nurse that all of from a financial standpoint and emotional all of the things that go in. She never walked with a walker with a wheelchair with a cane one day of her life. So if there are people out there who want to be morbid or if there are people inside the radio station who want to be morbid and national team and where I do know that we have a couple who are emotional cripples and that's an understanding. Have a good time have a good cry have a good just cry okay. But I'm not going to be doing it and I don't I don't apologize to anybody because and some of these things I'm saying because I know in advance you know upfront. Some people are saying and you know what I couldn't care less. I couldn't care if they're having a scheduled meeting at three this afternoon in the building so everybody can sit around and talk about what a heartless cool, unappreciative, vast or neo-Raju. It doesn't affect me in any way shape or form. I couldn't care less and that's a good lesson for people don't live your life based on what other people will think of you because that's a bad way to make decisions. Right Jimmy crack chord. How many people do we know who do that? Oh well what's wrong so good or how is it going to look? How is it going to look? New old doesn't show up at his mom's funeral. What are people going to say and you know something? To prove my point. I didn't know that nobody had to know this because it's a private ceremony. I could have easily flown in Sunday morning, got to the funeral and then flown back here on Sunday, another Monday. Nobody would have known the difference but I'm telling you that I will not be there. So not that an appreciation of people's condolences. I mean it's very nice like the course Bradford came in this morning. Fat boy came in this morning after he finished his usual, Hi, how are you? And give me the kid and let's find it's nice I appreciate them sure it's sincere and that's fine. That's all you need to do. But to create a crisis of the neurotic crisis that's going on in that radio stage, especially with a couple of people. And basically what it boils down, it was a great couldn't pick up the phone himself and call it here. And say, Jean-Yel, I'm sorry to hear his everything we can do. That would have been nice to hear, right? He can't do it. He cannot do it. You want to tell the last time Greg Weed called here? I know. You know, I did. He called after the ratings had just come out. I forget it's, what is it two years ago? It was two and a half years ago. A couple years ago. Thereabouts. To congratulate me on the ratings which was just a bogus of cease for the real reason he was calling. There were always and being to inform me that he decided to terminate George Rodriguez. Because that was back in the day when your close personal friend was going to die. Oh, no, no, no. How are David? It was going to try to get you. Not just trying to get you fired. And of course the best part of that whole deal is that they all lied. Oh, Mo had nothing to do with that because he was making it. Oh, no, no, no. Right, it's veiled and not so veiled and he was whipping his hair free soft and flip it around. The muskert was wearing its teeth. It's herboring. Right. And that was the last time he called him. I said, I don't think so. And I do it because George emailed me a few or semi-facts of some hostile emails that Mo got from the audience. And we did some funny stuff on it because somebody don't have a sense of humor. A good friend, Mo. Absolutely. Finally, you see in the light. Finally, he's seen who the real evil doers are in that building. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. A real back stabber. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 1058 in my rambling good. That's good stuff. Is it really sure? I'm just like the ball out. I don't like making a whole show into a big personal thing. But it just, it just disturbs the crap out of me that there are people there who have those hooks for the golf. And Jeff Cohen, you know, Jeff, you were a good guy like you and you're a fine-law, I'll sponsor me. You got a good place there. But that's about as far as it goes. You see what I'm saying? What do you say? We're not, we're not, we're not buds. We're not like real tight buddies. And we don't hang out together. And I don't want to go to concerts with him. And I don't want to get him this full number here. All of these things. He's a good guy. I like him a lot. And that's about it. That's where it ends. Because there are just a lot of times when people have a misplaced sense of where they are in your life. You thought what I'm saying? So I think it's probably a good idea that I just kind of laid the cards on the table today, and they let people know that the screw. 1058 at 560 WQM if you're on the Ankins diet, South Beach, sugarbusters are low-carb sugarfree diet of any kind, like most people are. The Alliance of Ice Book is a story you're going to love because they've helped thousands of low-carb dieters achieve their weight loss goals. Today, shopping for the right low-carb products has become a real pain in the ass because most of the so-called low-carb products on the grocery store shelves aren't really low-carb at all, and they won't help you lose weight. Don't sabotage your weight loss goals. Come in to the Alliance of Ice Book and to help you stay on the right track with hundreds of the best tasting lowest-carb products, and you can try and before you buy them. They have an eligible staff who open daily till 10, and don't forget their guaranteed lowest-crise policy on all. Atkins, carbolite, and pure-delight products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the shoulder, look at it on the northeast, corner of blades in 441, right next to Boston Market, a column full free at 1-877 low-carb that's what they've got. On 877, and below, you see our beer line-of-webistool-carb.com. Don't forget to like so-by-strophy as you're one and only official atkins retail centers. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. The Alliance of Ice Book will not be on the right track with the best tasting lowest-carb products. Now that he's bought of that big early-burdened sky, I think back on what he gave you, your contemporaries have to pay a team of writers to come close to the amount of materials you provided to the New York Wajusho for free. Every time you're experiencing the after-facts of hamburger, cropping butter to think of her, thank you, Sean. Tell us like next time you go to Fubrokers and you stay buttered the bun you know and from all the senior. They buttered the bun you have to make a quick run. And it ain't just hope that the magic bowl is unoccupied. That's true. The last time I used to get the soda I had from her was on the day that I started my vacation last month in June. Was on a Friday. Which I used to take those Fridays off all the time when I go to Europe and stuff, but I figured why not take it even though I didn't go anywhere. I saw it took off on a Friday. June whatever was, tense and something like that about a month ago, George worked to show. And so she's listening, of course even though she used to lie like crazy about what they're she listening to. I actually didn't listen, but she could tell you everything that was just like a lot of other people we know. They didn't listen, but I could tell you a chapter in verse 1 we said. And about 10 minutes after 10 that morning, George is doing the show. I'm sitting there, my mom business watch and TV and the phone rings and there she is. Now watch her home. That call right there and just a few seconds I think summarizes my mother right there. That's what we need to know. Now watch her home. Glume and doom. Glume and doom. That was her. She could take the right to see you could win a million dollars in the lottery and she'd do Wait about what you were going to do with it about where you were going to hide it. What you're going to blow it all spending it on something. No matter what how positive it was, she could always find some negative to everything about it. That's a talent. Yeah really. I just can't hear that. Yeah. Oh yeah there. But I'm going to say again one of the biggest myths one of the most ridiculous things I've ever heard in my life. And I heard all the time it's very, you know, because people, raise you people having a original thought in their head. So they tend to live by repeating a lot of stupid cliches that they hear from other people. Oh, what a stick of the water. That's one of the most. Oh yes. Sure. That's one of everybody's favorites. Blood is stick of the water. In other words, as long as you're related to somebody by accident, you had nothing that you chose to do, but you happen to be related to somebody there for. Right. They're closer than any other people could possibly be because there's that blood relation. Well, I can understand that if they happen to be great people, if there's a great love there, that's fine. But that's just the luck of the draw. You feel like I said before, you can pick your nose. You can pick your, back home. Pick your friends, but you cannot pick your relatives. Just the luck of the draw. And so the idea that just because somebody is related to you, therefore you have to have this great wonderful lover feeling for them is ridiculous. You have to deal with it based on how they relate to you, look at a person they are. Like anybody else. Like you would with somebody even on a bus somewhere anywhere. Right? Right. Oh no, what is stick of the water? Right. It just, just, and again, I'm not going to change anybody's mind about that. I really don't care. I'm just expressing to you how I feel. I know like all through my life on the odd wall way out there on the limb, like, but I don't care about that. I just refuse to say or do things because it's supposed to be the thing to say or the thing to be done. I don't give a crap about that. Oh, but you're supposed to be all broken up. You should be having an earnest breakdown there now. You should be an emotional cripple or some of the people you work with. You should be coming on glue, come apart of the scenes, and come into work crying every day for days on it because your mother passed away with the age of 91. I don't think so. I mean to each itself and people have different psychological make-ups. Some people are very emotional. Some people are not. Some people cry at the, you know, at weddings. Some people cry when they have a good bowel movement. I don't know. That's really good. If it's really good, you know, I don't cry. I high five myself. I high five the bull. I'm mad, you know. Anyway, I'm just rambling on. But to think about it, and then I could go to the thing about the friends thing. I could do the whole show on that today if I wanted to because it just, I think it's time in my life. I'm 61 years old. They're almost 62. And it's time in my life to just make people understand. There are some people I care about are very, very, very deal. I do everything in my power to help those people into whatever I kid. And then there are other people who are friends. But when you do, you're self-relead yourself. For example, a river who one of his favorite lines that used to say, Oh, I'm your best friend. Hey, buddy, I'm your, you're not my best friend. And I told him that, right? It's on that telling tales on the year because I'll tell anybody right to their face, whatever I'll say on the year. Unlike Greg, who can't tell anybody anything to their face. He's not my best friend. He's a good friend even though you find him incredibly annoying. And I understand that in for good reason because he's a chief Satan, Bullcraft artist, he's a good guy. He's got his qualities. I haven't figured out what they are yet. But his wife is a sweetheart. He's great. You don't know his wife. Who for, for El, Grimmer. Yeah, I'm the for well. What is it? Grimmer's wife. Oh, Pharaoh. I thought you were, I didn't give that. I mean, she hates me. Remember because I met her once and I thought she was very nice, but then she heard me rip Rimmer and now she, Oh, and it's right, you made her cry. Right. So I hate her back. No, you don't. That's a terrible thing to say. You don't get it. No, we're not. You don't hate her back. She just, it's a radio show. She doesn't understand that. Even when I was doing it to you, when, you know, she just cries easy. All right. If you were married to him, you might do the same. Oh, I can do it. This was real life since you were a human. But that's... Oh, my God. Good, please. They've done him to the morning. We have a yellow line. That's my name. They have something to hide. They have a blue-laid line. Which really means every time. Those of them who do the human like a yellow line. They're just like corporate people like that. And that's why we have a yellow line. That's next thing. They've been in the one piece like you. I told him, which he's at his bed. With a set of no things and you know, it's dark. They've done him to the morning. They've done him to the day. They've done him to the day. So they can't survive. We have a yellow line. That's a big time. What are some of these comments? And make sure you're in the first comment and study. There's a comment. More people come online by the interview. There you go. And of course, isn't it interesting on the day when the latest polls I came up. One of the polls shows that Bush and Cheney are eight close behind the Kerry Edwards team. 49-41, would maybe get a couple of points. A couple of other show of closer than that. But one of the polls shows that the Edwards choice by Kerry is Gustav Ackleid, right? So it's probably only coincidence when you think the Tom Registending they're now saying that I'll kind of maybe entering the Operation or Planning phase of an attack before the election November. Tom Regist making that morning right now as we speak. So, OK. Yeah. No specific intelligence exists. However, Registres not announcing that he's raising the National Color Code of threat level beyond yellow or the elevated level. But like Michael Moore said in Furnit 9-11 and like I said in the last hour, keep him on a state of panic. Man, keep him scared. It was not immediately clear how the assessment of existing intelligence is led with his remarks. Senator majority of the anxious bill fist of Tennessee said the intelligence was very non-specific. And it was no reason for panic. Low reason for paralysis. How reason to like a peeing your pan. In fact, this is the best part. I mean anybody would have a brain auto stop and think about this. They're in what he said. This is not a major announcement. It's just a fact. The reality of is of increased risk here in the homeland over the next several weeks in the next several months. There is no specific intelligence of a type of attack on either of the major political conventions or anything. Just a state panic. OK. So, they have this question that you'd come to mind if you have an IQ. Largity then you come there is. Yeah. Yeah. In case you forgot. Right. Just in case you forgot to stay on edge. Don't go into a whole panic and call me up and say, Now, let's try it. If you let. But just keep an eye on it. OK. Keep an eye peeled. God, it is so obvious. They're so transparent what they're doing. They're so desperate. And the change stuff that's coming down. All I can say to that is. Oh, right. Yeah. You ain't seen nothing yet, baby. The vice president, these were the people that we were going to restore morality and decency to the White House. Some of the biggest cooks that ever came down to pipe. And when they break the pulling down and they show, for example, white meals, that's the thing that just, it's astonishing to me. Vuch as ahead in white meals, I think it was 53 to 38%. Yeah. They're supposed to be the white ones. I mean, the smart ones. They are. Yeah, but you're forgetting we're a whole lot of them live. Oh, no. I don't forget. I visit them often. You saw that in that before to show those red states. The red text states. There you go. The commission, the SEC today launched a proceeding proposing a rule that would require all radio and TV broadcasters to record and maintain copies of broadcast for a separate of time. That could be used up a process in decency complaints 60 or 90 days. Got that tape rolling? Oh, I have rolling one there. How about the tape? Oh, I know. I got this tape. Careful. Well, I'm way back in the beginning of it. What is it, Duff? Duff. Speak to me. Sorry. Give me more calls. Anyway, the SEC requires complaints, Coralese, somebody complaints, this is an either recording to transcript of broadcast. Some of them, of course, being professional complaints. Oh, it was disgusting. We're scoping. I'm complaining. Yeah, that piss me off. A process that many including SEC commissioner Michael Cops have complained his two burdens to monoliths. So the owners has to be on our broadcasters. They're going to have to be recording broadcasts for and keeping them for 60 or 90 days. What do you like that? How long do we keep them as it is? We don't. We don't keep them. We don't make them. We don't keep them. I see. Well, we certainly don't provide them anybody. We don't do tapes, including for the sales department. We don't do tapes. You idiot. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You should probably take a few calls now, right? Yeah, whatever. So we can get to some of those idiots. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the amount. Well, that's another thing. I don't want to get started on him, but I will anyway. I'll give you a good example. If, for example, I got a sympathy card from Lola Howard David. You don't want me to do it, don't do it, don't do it. You think that they would have any significance to me? You wouldn't, friend. You don't want to talk in a vibe, I do. I mean, it's special. I'm trying to like coexist with him now. I find him to be one of the most repugnant creatures. I was going to say human beings, but that would be a stretch. One of the most repugnant creatures I've ever encountered in my life. He's trying to get everybody fired. There was some of the janitor and he probably would be working on him next. Because he had claimed that the dropings from the rodent were well enough. I mean, this is a guy who's tried to screw in my career, try to get George fired. Anybody that worked on that show who looked at him cross-eyed. And this guy really believes that it would have, and of course he didn't. I'm not saying that he did. And I'm sure that you probably have a whole bunch of sympathy cards there in my mailbox, right? In the box? No. No. Are there any? No. See that, that's what I'm saying. That is the way you do it. Not putting out a memo so that the salespeople can start calling people and inviting folks to show up in my mother's funeral. People who never even knew her. People would know them from East Cabible, from anybody. We're dealing with people who are just, but if I were to say that it's not a people place, I'm going to have to be an understanding of the century. That's funny. How many QM is not a people place? It's crazy people place. There you go. How many QM? Hello. Hello. Pretty good. Good. First of all, congratulations on 91 years with your mom. That's great. I'm going to look forward to the good way to look at it. Okay. Listen, I would want to cross fire the other day and they put up that other great chart. You know, the color one, which takes mainly both, the very popular Democrat, the matter who the politician is. Yeah. And the last three elections they showed out for water. They were talking about how far to head a key. And now, you know, for two years it was not democratic vote. And the question got in and last year, it was a vote that Republicans vote. And it got in. And that's why I thought that you can't carry tickets and work with that. I want to think of Graham. I think you were a lot so far that was actually a little presidential. I just thought that you were forgetting about the cosmetics of the public, about the mentality of the public. I mean, John Kerry and Bob Graham, as much as I like Bobby Graham, on stage together, would have been like watching people in a muscle Liam. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I know they're both, they're both dead dead. They're not suit, you know. But it ain't about, you know, counter no longer, it's good that people go vote no matter what they vote, you know. They don't care about it. If you'd like to hear about it, if you'd like to begin with. You know. I don't like to list, Sally. I'll see you at the polls early and often. We got it now. Okay, probably. 560 pound, 560. And it's amazing. Look at those getting rid of bushes of only banana for a couple minutes. It's already in second place. It's where the priorities of the audience. 45 pound. Look at that 52 votes. It's going to pass the rack like the rag heads are standing still. W2A and hello. Yeah, I want to speak in the office. Speaking. Deal. Yes. Deal Rogers. You're sure, yes. Ah. Let's me. What can I do for your service? You seem to be having difficulties. Stull it out. You sure I got to wait? Deal, yeah, you're answering your phone call. I mean, they're paying me enough. Good thing. Okay, deal with it. You know, I just want to, I can curl with what you were saying about how you're supposed to act. Right. Because it was your mother or father. You know, I had a mother call me. Because she was talking about three weeks ago. She called me an athlete. You didn't even call me on mother's day. She said to me. Oh, you know. And since she goes on to tell me how embarrassed she was in front of her friend. This and that she lives in New Jersey. Well, what do you do have her friends sitting around all day waiting for the friend to win? Is that it? You know, I guess I don't know. Yeah, and I want to say to her, I said, wait, you know mom, you know, I haven't heard from me for the last six or six days. But forget about me because I'm used to that. If anybody who's living your old daughter, I don't think she's ever even we see the birthday card from me. You know what her response was? Or she's never called me on my birthday either. That's a good thing. Right? Right. Hey, on a blinder note, on a different note, I had a roommate. Okay, then you have to ask for the live with me. The game was patched. I don't know if you remember big auntie Ben used to come and see you at the radio station once in a while. Yeah. You don't remember that, huh? No, don't. You don't, okay, because he was my roommate. He was just straight guy though, but always spoke about you. Anyway, I have a good day, Neil. My great-pattery vector visit, okay, real soon. Okay, yeah, you used to talk about him on the radio all the time too, if my roommate for like two years. How long ago was this? This was about, uh, I didn't get any one to do it in die. All he would do is just best room in I had. No, but I think how long ago was this? Probably about seven years ago. Well, I guess you can't remember him. My older than people like me, I'm lucky to remember where I was yesterday. Thanks a lot, Paul. I thought you were a bit. 27 past 11 and 560, WKWM. I guess I probably should spend at least an hour or two on my summer, my well or should I? Yeah, why not? Why you're at it? Maybe I will. My, you local, I'm here, sports video, 560, you and you, A-M. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. Now we know I want to play the trick because I like to play the trick and play the board. We all want to know the answer. John Edwards, maybe he'd a man. I noticed on the Fludgeroo fort, it's got a picture of a carry and it was. Can't keep their hands off each other. I think this fight is getting a little side of it, okay, just. Maybe jealous or maybe like a dude, John Edwards, huh. Come on, Matt. Why do you say Ms. Fudge? Come out. Come out wherever you are. Your little screamer. And by the way, how are we didn't get it? How do you like that? Remember that a few days ago, he had the flashing lights on there and the buzzer about Washington. His hell of a reason to be the pick. Ward down here and is that she was never even considered. It was never any discussion about her. How do you like that? Not another mistake on a fun report. Oh man. Would the big flashing lights like Terry and the Internet big scandal at the house? What an idiot. What a little self-hating, quizzling fag. Here is the fact that says almost every day, as a thank you by the way, Captain and Miami for nice thanks to almost every day, let's do show and ignite my boyfriend reads me stories off your awesome upside. No matter what happens that day, I wish you a little bit better hearing you. That sound a little funky. Well, I suppose I can do with Miami, let's start the story again. And maybe, Dr. you can tell me about the knee cap and when you scrape your knee. Yeah, but as long as it's scab up around the perimeter around the edges and like the inside is still like, ooh, that's how I'm going to tell you. I don't know. Well why not? Sorry. Here's the post-in-elbatos things. You take that wouldn't you. But isn't that correct? That's the way it works. It says okay, I've got like polish for and spared all over it. Polly sport is good stuff. I never even knew that so recently. It's excellent. I have to go get some. This where somewhere, you know, where we feel like a little acre pain. Maybe even in your back though. I had hurt on my boil. Anyway, Katherine, say, oh yeah, my boil is coming a lot beautifully and it is not as safe. It is not at two. It was a boil and I prick it. Anyway, Katherine says I work at the outpack. I recently did my own poll. I asked everyone that works there, which way they would vote in November. Over two thirds of them were either not registered or not voting and didn't care. Didn't care. Well, what do you expect to be outpack? About even some of them asked me why are you? Luckily, a few said that we're willing to learn more about both candidates so I gave them some info including your website. Thanks for fighting for leisure of eagles, Neil, and you got your thumb right on a cat and it's exactly where I describe it. P.S. Just wanted to turn you on with a couple new releases Spartan, but I must be about Michael Moore. And fog of war, documentary, also an old-flake boom doc since William Defoe Rocks, Morrissey as a new CD called You Are The Quarry. It's great. And lastly, a poll suggestion. What one element began the downfall of civilization and what's the only thing that can save humanity. Okay, the answer to the first question. Religion. That was the beginning of the end. Does somebody debate on that? Nope. That was the beginning of the end. Again, what is religion stem from? Fear of death. Like Madeline O'Hare used to say before she was sliced up into pieces. Like he used to say in my show all the time, religion without a hell isn't worth a damn. And what a great way to put it. Oh, you're going to burn it here. How often we get that from these lunatics out there. You guys have been a burned-in hell. You pervert, uh, we're yada yada yada yada yada all the southern crab. I haven't checked it. We are closely inspired by Jonathan Edwards from the other side show, which I think they finally took off. I hope they keep moving it bearing it the other way the night. Without a very him. See if he comes back. But I don't, I don't see any of a whole bunch of folks coming back to you. No, just Jesus. And of course we have the deal with the ghost, you know, ghost in the memory of Saint Gabba because that of course perpetuates all of this below me. I don't understand. I mean, I guess most people would like to live forever in good health. But that just isn't the way it works out. Just did not nature. No, I know worked that way. Yeah, we'd like to look like what we were about like 20 or 25 and they lived about 400 years old and, uh, in good health and with no disease in oil, there's an oaks in pains. But the Lord works in mysterious way. Okay, I tell you. He's punishing us for something that a bunch of people did thousands of years ago or according to the crazy people I believe this garbage. And, oh, I know something, I'm doing it around here. I am must. Must. The spirit of Christ impels me. To get to the story about the Portland Oregon Church, the Archdiocese, right? Filing for bankruptcy. See, this is the new scan. They talked about this on the River North of El Shorwoodite. I and a few other people watch life. Because I'm channel surfing. I mean, that's crazy about watching. No, whatever else is on. I don't know. I'll Kinghead on a gene hackman. Which I like the gene hackman, but I don't want to see him on a show. Right. I don't want to see that crap. Oh, I guess what John Kerry and his wife will be on with King tonight. Those people are constabulary. Uh-huh. So they're for the hour for the hour, John. And, uh, what's your name? Nine of them. You know, he, I hate to say this. And, of course, I've been picking on him a lot and people are going to be upset about that. I'm going to tell me the way I see it. She works like a mess for a woman who's worth her billion. No, seriously, she always looks like she just fell out of the sack. He's right. He's right. He's worth a billion. One. You're talking about Kerry's wife, right? No, I have worth my books like his mother. Right. Yeah. She looks like she's holding up to be his mother. Because he looks, he's 50, one. Maybe I'll talk about 35. She is holding up to be his mother. She really, she's really old. She looks about 20 years younger than she actually is. Are you, are you sure? Nine. Yeah. Hmm. She's like 80. But Kerry's wife, man, she looks like, um, if a brown on a bed there, she looks like I'm not see with a bed here do. Anyway, four men die she's the copper bankruptcy. This is what it's come to. Okay, to try to avoid the responsibilities because it's crumbling down. It's coming down on him. The Portland Arch die she said Tuesday, it'll file for bankruptcy because it can't afford to pay. The potential cost of sex abuse lawsuits becoming the first Roman Catholic die seasonation to see such corporate leave. It put it out last night that Tucson is going to be next. They're thinking about it too. The chapter 11 bankruptcy action planned for Tuesday afternoon. What's already been done? Freases the start of a priesthood municipal trial involving the late Reverend Maurice or that Morris Grainman. I guess what was on biography the night? Maurice Gibbs, the BGs. But they had already done it before Maurice so went to Mount Sinai and got butcher. I hate that when he, why can't they update those handshoes? I like exactly the same part of this. I was standing there one day, not thinking I would die. From being able to make this a deal. I should never be made down on those. A big, that ghostly child is right about what was. And then the house, the house, the house. Anyway, the chapter of action freezes the start of a priesthood or civil trial involving the late Reverend Maurice Grainman. It was accused of molesting more than 50 boys in the 1980s. Grainman died in 2002. Oh, right! Plainless in two lawsuits involving Grainman are sort of third or more than 160 million dollars. The arts dicey sentence ensures of already paid more than 53 million in the set of more than 130 claims by people who say they were abused by priests. It doesn't have other claims are pending and if the news conference, future officials say they could not afford but the plaintiff's arresting. The pot of gold is pretty much empty right now. Our Christian John of Lazzney said who weren't for listeners last year and a letter that the arts dicey's make Michael Belli up so to speak. James Deber, one of the plaintiffs in the lawsuit that have been scheduled going on for a long time today, vowed that in spite of the announcement, we will continue our fight to finally get to the arts dicey's to accept the sin of its crimes. David Slater, not the one in Dave County, who keeps running for mayor and expecting us to talk about it. David Slater, a plaintiff's attorney said the church was simply trying to avoid the details of the lawsuit coming out in court. The bishop hasn't begun to touch his pot, he's lying, slated full repurs, he's touching any smoke in it, no doubt. No other U.S. dicey's has ever declared bankruptcy. Tom Stilly did turn a handling the arts dicey's bankruptcy filing also said it was a first such case and at other dicey's are considering the same step. This is the way to get him off the hook for all time, sake. Or yeah, who it is dicey's of two songs said last month was considering filing for bankruptcy without pending lawsuits. Arts dicey's a Boston considered bankruptcy, but after the search real estate was millions and millions to settle the claims. The 1990s, the arts dicey's of Santa Fe New Mexico was brought to the breaker bankruptcy, had a borrow from perverse savings accounts to be millions of dollars in abuse cases, nationwide abuse cases are known with cost they charge more than $650 million in 1950. Didn't close to a billion by now, I'm sure I'm going to be in the billions before the world done. Now this never norville show last night, I just talked about the whole concept of celibacy and how sick it is and that's why this will result us as a threat. Because the whole concept for the Catholic Church that sexes dirty and evil and only for procreation is sick in itself, it's insanity, it's lunacy, madness. How do I anybody see the Pope procreating lately? No, we're creating. So I hear he's kicking it. Smogs down! The followers' doubles though the power tantals you ask onanies if you've died once and one gets told on rat Jesus pours us on back Jesuships by the spirit subscribe you never start itsax what's it like you throwing up other but chuch proximity. Swim pop, now that you remember how this for fathers We like to suck a man, just some false mouth, don't think this will be ever But false mouth, don't talk, false mouth, don't talk Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah I said you'd kill mine a kill, you'd better kill all what time So put that to take up their march, got it, got it, got it I can't tell if that ain't choke, follow it, open, open But you're so can't be a cook, don't know how much I've got The false mouth, don't talk, don't give it a rest So put that to take up, false mouth, don't talk You make this a man, don't talk, false mouth, don't talk In the good care, then the false mouth, don't talk The false mouth, don't talk, false mouth, don't talk Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah We're both getting high, we're out of time We're both getting steady, I'm in the bad We're both getting high, we're out of time We're both getting high, we're out of time So put that to take up, false mouth, don't talk We're actually so can ask, so put that to take up Don't make this a man, don't talk, false, don't talk Don't talk, false mouth, don't talk Don't talk, false mouth, don't talk Take up, false mouth, false mouth People are talking, don't talk, don't talk We're both getting steady, I'm in the bad 14 years in the Bible City. Remember if you're unhappy, feel it the pool so far. Iraqi road. How about a half-fledged Sunday on Iraqi road with us with cream and a couple of Americano cheery. Strike will still forget straight now. Oh man, that's for glam. Well, what's the most important issue to you in this year's election? Getting rid of Bush has moved on the top-fested in you can say Greg weeds and idiot. 116. Oh Greg, it was great. Matt Wally. Seriously, if you put a herd of the nation and the carrying on by a couple of overpaid, silly little people who are terrified that they're going to lose their job who are so scared of Greg. Do you know what reminds me of, remember that very jackass column? I think it was last Thursday. No. How he's still considering putting stern on the area about your aim is. And the thing about Greg is, are good with people as long as they're obedient to him or they don't disobey him. I mean, what is that? As long as they don't disobey the sound like a ding-dong school to me, what a line that is. As people as long as they don't disobey him, screw you, Greg. Getting rid of Bush 119, Iraq 107. Separation in church in state 44, freedom of speech 43, integrity 31, health care. I don't give a shmit about anything 28. Taxes 19, decriminalization of Ed Wackie weed 14, Abash in 7, Cuba policy on a 7. Hey, currently Black pun. Okay, marriage 4, and affirmative action only 3, because we only got 3 dark folks up there. Listen, I guess. The rest of our wait and for sports to come on. What are those people going to do July 19? When Rome, I would be surprised if Rome shows up on another 14-carl foster show. The next station. We're also going to put that crap. So this idea that we need another sports station on here, Fox 94. Nice job there, PD Bullger. Three of them all on. Okay, I'll break it and stop for a while. What do we like? Here's a fact that says from Mike, you're correct. Edward's wife looks like his mom. I hope it brings him the same luck and brought the last guy with a similar situation. Bush 1. There you go. That's a good point. Martha Washington. Bush 1's wife is on a dollar bill. Oh, ho, ho. Oh, although I will say this, he ain't no Judy Dean, she ain't no Dr. Judy Dean. Secretary of State Colin Powell's on Capitol Hill this year. Good, that's a good place for him. Maybe he's eating some chicken on the hill with Will. We'll really start you. God, I think we want to play that tape. I'm going to play the whole thing. I'll take this morning one. Duffing current. I wish I would have taken from the beginning. The audience would have been peeling their pants. You know what I was going to be? Her stock would have been going up like crazy. So I'm depends. Even Lord King would have been heart-pressed to find extras. You know what I mean? Yeah. I mean, just now I was saying I'm carrying on talk about beating a dead horse or in this case, you know, whatever. Over and over and over again. I mean, just her, it's not a big deal, okay? It's not the end of the world. It pissed me off because Skippy's an idiot and calls up Jeff Colin who was just saying 15 pepperoni pieces to put him on my mother's casket or something. I don't know what that's all about. Jeff, your attentions are good to get lost. Stand out of the way, okay? Great. Nobody there who wants to know pepperoni pieces, including my rich man who can't even finish him, he dies 39, 10 hamburger because they're so big. And because she's so cheap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, you see. It's interesting that when somebody dies like this in a family situation, things that you haven't been saying for years that you held back to try to like keep a certain amount of peace in the family, you don't longer are compelled to do that. Right. What's the purpose? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. You don't have to, well, peace anybody anymore. For fear does there might be some kind of a blow up. There'll be peace to know that this scabb is off of my upper lip now. It's a little awkward. Yeah, but now it leaves kind of like a mushy thing up there. Well, you didn't pick it off too early, no, did you? I didn't pick it off. I didn't pick it off. It came off on my tongue. Oh, that's bad. So anyway. And the thing about my knee, I'm a little, I'm not concerned about it, but to ban is you're not banning because I got those big things, you know? You got that team, you got that neost for it that you're using there. Colleys, I'm not talking about that. You know nothing about doctoring. I thought this was your expertise. Sure. But I'm not there. I can't see what your knee looks like. Well, it looks like a scraped knee that's like, oh, but the thing is, the ceiling around the edges, the scabb, don't ban the kit. No, no, but the area is smack it. Absolutely scabb. Okay, it'll be fun. And every now and then like drains a little bit, and then like, you know, one's on your extra bonus. Ha ha ha ha ha. In fact, if I could get my boiled go in, right? Wow, I could be squirted all over the place. Hey, pickups, WQA and hello. Yeah, Neil, there's no modeling game. That's remember Jones. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. All right, this job will be up Carolina trying to relax in Hollywood Florida. Oh, my God, what are you doing at Florida, John? Isn't that to not see more on that? Oh, wait, maybe you see your Hollywood Florida? Yeah. Oh, maybe you'd like to go to my mother's funeral on Sunday. Well, that's why I call the bellostance to this all morning. That's, yeah, I think you've never come up with that youth in Asia or something, because there's a lot of people riding around. Well, we could have some people to go to Thailand to find youth in Asia. Well, but they could be dirt nap time for a lot of these people down here for a certain day. You just discovered that, huh? Yeah, it's killing me. But also, I want more questions for you. Have you seen a six-slide commercials? Sure. Okay, was that you before you gained all the weight? Yeah, that's me. Okay, nice. Okay, get some of material, John. Have a great time. You get back to South Carolina where you're belonging to banjo on your thing. 5-670-560, 5-660, 5-660 on the AT&T and Verizon's, where I was lying. Tom Regids say, don't be panicking. But there is a tax, maybe they're planning. You might be, we don't know what it is. You have an issue, right? And there's a lot of money in Asia where we don't know what's going on. Keep everybody on age now. The bad news is that George Witton saw a fair night in 11. Right? Didn't like it. Why is that bad news? I said I didn't like it. Pretty close. I mean, you did nothing but critique it? Well, because the good parts were obvious. Yeah. Not worth mentioning. Well, I mean, did you expect it to be perfect? Did you expect, I mean, I said myself there. I thought that about two thirds of the way through, there were a few minutes when it seemed to drag and, you know, about that. I mean, you can go to see any movie no matter, even in Godfather, you can find some of the critique of what I have no idea what that would be, though, maybe. Huh? No. Well, I didn't like what he said. I don't know. I don't know. I was like a little melodramatic. I thought that a lot. Did you? Yeah. You're gonna have to like a man! I can't let go. So what things you like about the fair night in 11. Now that they're still filling the theater, is they're putting it in a more theaters than ever before. It's in 33 theaters here in the GT and the greater truberia. It's all over the place. Everybody is talking about it. I told you, I didn't like the time that they spent on some things as opposed to the short amount of time that they spent on other things. That's all. I didn't like the tricky little, uh, conflame. Other than that, I thought it was. Well, you mentioned it to me. The thing about the document, uh, James R. Bass, the document about the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the little things like that. So I'm talking about it like they flew right on the. I don't know. It seemed to me that they showed it again when they've finished, uh, making the point of who he was and what he was doing. That's just the impression I got like. Anyway, I notice any of the other watches that will be all the tracks lead back to Saudi Arabia, the redheads. All the tracks lead right back to it. Right? That was a great montage there. The, uh, spotty happy, shiny, happy people montage. Yeah. With the Saudis. Good montage. Is Ralph running still on Metro? No, I don't know. But I do like saying montage. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60, there used to be a show on channels for I thought. I don't remember doing that. I do remember. I'm touched with Ralph Redner. I agree. I don't know. Because he's what he did. We're not, we're not mourning that. Are we? I think he was a, you know, kind of a, a song shopping at Wendy's one day to have still bereaved. About Ralph Redner? Yeah. I'm wearing black. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Like the speaking. Speaking. Oh, no. Yes, man. Okay. I'm just living here. I'm just living here. I'm just living here. Wanted. Pardon? I see. Go ahead. Okay. I'm totally agree with your whole philosophy on your mom. I did the same thing. Kind of black. I have an, I haven't had any black yet, but I'm sure I'm going to get some or maybe a little bit. But I don't really care. Oh, I'm on me either. But I have to tell you, I went this morning dropped my white rich Republican. He on say who you know. Rick Shaw. At the airport. Put him on a plane when O'Ready's carryin Edward was number 10 in line at 7 30 in the morning. It's a lot of, I am not, I'm not saying. Oh, I'm just, I've got in there like 9 30 into a hanger by 10 30. They said he's coming at noon. I have to leave from heat prostration. What is that all about? I'm going to make it easier for us. But did you enjoy being outside and spawning the smoke from those fires in the Everglades? Of course. Of course. And the Republicans don't have to charge. Keep working home on the voting day. Okay, election day. Oh, you bet you bet. I'm the soy comers there today too. Who? Do you? Laurence or Senator? Oh, Peter Doich. Yeah, yeah, he was there with his mom. I'll tell you return about curious life again. Okay, thanks a lot. Okay, everybody. Well, thanks. Bye. I mean, like that. So Rick Shaw's got a few answers. It was easy with guy. It just that he's politically confused. Like, several people have worked on this radio. I'm not a normal. I'm a normal. This is the real high 60. Oh, yeah. Say the whole man's a dirty dog. I'm a insecurity topridge advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the morning color to paint for the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour. The US one coalition has transferred sovereignty to a hit or my wacky government. Two days earlier than anticipated. Here now is an excerpt from the official proceedings. This is an amazing day in the history of two countries. Let's come on. The United States and Iraq. Have you on me? What have we done here? Chief Chess's mighty dee ma'amood? Hello. Here you go. Here you go. Why? Push these keys. It's all yours. What's all mine? You give me a call? No, no. Iraq. It's under your control. We're at it. No, wait a minute. Why didn't we call? It's too early. You got today's left. And then I was talking about that. I think we should push it back. Well, no, we figured this was you can't handle that. Essentially, we're going to get going. Wait, wait, wait. I don't even have shoes. I don't have no police. There's no cars. They got to throw their rocks. We're going to know me. We're going to get out of the green zone. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Go from the green zone. What do you mean? I got to be brefed. Relax. I'm staying there a while. I got to get a nice place there. It's the only two days. It's the difference. It's too much. It's too much. No, I don't think we're going to do that. Wait, wait a minute. We're not ready. We're not ready. Do we're fine? We are not ready. I don't own a fair of shoes. Maddie, you're very funny. We're going to get going. No, no, it's left to be funny. It's the only thing this all won't. I know, we're not ready. You can't come in. Brom, I've my country and then give me the keys and say it's all yours. But it's all coming together. And so coming in and they showed at me in the road. The people are having now that Sonami's gone. No wonder is happy. Look at that kid over there. Isn't he having his smile over there? And put your presence as you love. They love, they love, they love. They love. They love. Shuddy, you like it one between the eyes. It's over. Well, that's why I'm leaving. I, I, I, I, I've heard my book. I can book. Well, I, I, I thought I was a man. The interim prime minister, E lad, Al-Awaii says everything's going to be okay. I'm a lie. Wait a minute. What are you telling the member being going to be okay for? There's just so bad. I didn't think he'd be appreciative. What are you saying? I don't know. I don't know. What is going? The prime minister even said to me that you guys are capable of controlling the security situation. I mean, I can tell you, poor brother. We are not. We cannot control nothing. Do you understand that? Rifle with my vient of looking at me feed and shout. We can control this. You stay. You stay. Be stent real thing now. Be stent real being stent real Ben add flavor to lift the urgent rules to soften your head strike on now. While you're coming I can split down his mind. Did you learn how to do some theoretical? I'm glad to help. Come on, until five fifty seventy two and having two Into-you're not gonna make it as a doctor. I'll say that right now. ok. I just downloaded this awfully internet. Yeah. update and treatment for the classic skinned knee. All right. I guess you never skinned your knee, huh? Lots of times, sure. Okay. It says skinned knee victims, listen up, new first aid research, you've guessed that keeping minor wounds sealed and moist were spreader than the old standby of exposing cutins scraped to the air. So guess what? What? You just said this is new as opposed to the old standby. Okay, you'll tell about the old light. Whether you're not up to date, I am not. I am not. Moist wound care is a first aid revolution engine at the long help belief that a broken skin heals best when safely hit an under an old fashioned scab. It says a scab is like putting a big rock on a lawn says Adam Singer, I'm dealing with a very good quality emergency positions. Drying out wounds, slows healing. It doesn't allow new cells and needs to grow well. So I guess, sure in that polysport on there are several times it's probably good idea, because it's moist baby, sure it's the more. I just did. After I went this, I shmered a whole pile. Keeping wounds moist like the skins, epidermal cells migrate fast at the injury site and we build born tissue. The results less infection, faster healing, and less risk of a scar while I'm care about that. Sealing kids cuts and scripts keeps them cleaner because there aren't any badges to hold in due to fall off. Drugs to her shells may have many varieties of look out. There you go, I got it right in the other room as a matter of fact, not just a kind of a put on like a nail polish that look with skin. I got the spray on kind. That's good. You ever have that? Drugs to her shells have many varieties of liquid skin bandages and moisture enhancing dressings that will do the trick. So, cost for it. Here is how to use this 21st century first aid. Clean the cut first with soap and water, but don't apply antibiotic oil and all. Uh-uh, to late. Apply the liquid bandage and let it be. It'll stay on for three to ten days and falls off naturally. If it falls off before the wound is healed, it can be applied. Never apply moist restings over bites, punctures other injuries that are highly susceptible and refreshing see a doctor if the wound seems infected. And to the ER after right pressure doesn't stop the bleeding or if the cut is jammed can't be closed and made it to no dose. Innovative wound healing products started developing labs included bandages made with vinegar and kibosan, and naturally occurring shrimp cell protein. What is that? Natural training one? See them. Cell protein. That stops bleeding with women and voice amazing. We had a higher guy to say one word in it. You saw it? Yeah. But he's as well. A gelatin bandage that enhances the body's ability repair and regenerate damage tissue and addresses blood from fire brinnogen a blood clotting protein a thousand times thinner than human here, which one day could help minimize blood loss for all natural healing. This is from USA today in prevention magazine. All right. I'm gonna go right after the show. What am I gonna do? We're gonna wash it off with soap and water. No more of polyspoir. In fact, maybe I ought to get that off of there right now. Squeeze it, squeeze it. No, I'm just not going to be an infected. There's more of us are going to get infected from. Sitting here on my ass? Yeah. Yeah. And then I'm gonna press this, apply the liquid bandage and let it be. So just put it on the turntable and crank it up. Let it be. I wasn't doing it for about five hours before it I thought things were going to heal up like John Lennon. All right. See what you're learning on this show here and about all my remedies and aches and pains is great. First of all, it was the boil and now it's my knee and my lip. What'll be next? Maybe back home. Five, six, seven. Oh, five, six, six, six, six. I say one thing. Talk about a wreck that muffin pairs. I would be surprised if they're two of them are like sitting on the side by each right now. Consulting each other, commiserating. What a sad pair, man. Would you like to feel relaxed once again? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Back home. WQA, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Welcome back into my life. My radio is looking for three weeks. Really? Why is that? This is my working. Now let me ask you a question. Will you only have one radio? Yeah. In my truck. OK. Got it. Got it. Now let me ask you a question. The I-100, who owns Y-100? Clear channel. Oh, clear channel. I always talk with B.C. Read on it. Oh, wait. I don't know how on I'm power 96. Power 96. So they could put hours on that and time to be deeply refugged out the right to the right. Thank you, do one? They could put hours to not year. Yeah, I think I want to put them on power 96. But they're not going to put them on there. They're not going to put them on anywhere. Because they don't want to lose their license. Power 3rd is not coming on and dating Broward unless some people are crazy. Well, you know, I get the list of the hours in the morning, sometimes when they were just going to 96.1 for 4 mi. Right. I want to have those jobs as a, as a, how are they? One more thing, 9.40. For the next station, that's a busy station over there. I know. I don't get it. I don't get it. Now, what happens? Basically, I don't get it either. What's going to happen to 9.40, sports or say? They're changing format July 19th. That's the one where we have a very good source. And they're going to be putting their American on and maybe for well, and who knows what? I don't know. We'll stop. They keep. So, you're at the end of the only sports station in California. Well, plus that 14 ever curlman in his positive. Don't forget about them. Okay. I will. I'm just, I don't know. How many sports stations do we need? Not good man. Good. God. I think one is too many if he asks me. All right. You all. I mean, thank you very much. Okay. Good luck to Kelly. Wow. Don't you think we need at least 10.15 more of a sports station? Sure. Or question. Three more people. Sports. You bet. Bring everybody in there, brother. We talking about, oh, down from the addition. The marwin's can't win a game. And that's about the buy. All the other crap. In his garbage man, it really is. Again, I'm not not going to work with some really nice people. And they're doing a job. They're paid to do that and talk about that swill. But man, it is crap. And this morning, you know, come back in after, after a few days off. And I come back in here and hear, guilty soul this morning. Oh, brother. You talk about making me pine for my old buddy, Mo. Good. Golly Miss Molly. And rumors right about you, Galdi. You're a little ask kiss and twirp. They want to say, look at this. He's out of get him our morning, Galdi. All solo. So, almost the application. Maybe he's coming up here to commiserate with me and to bring me a simply car to think. I'm sure he's out his way. WQAM. Hello. Anya, how you doing buddy? Pretty good. I don't know to take tire congratulations on your mom. But anyway, you can see that you both apply and did about really. With him and Galdi are kind of rubbing one out there together. No, no, no. No, I tried to play yesterday. I have a board. Sorry. Sorry. How does he know about him? Apparently he heard the first part of it before we had to bail. Well, where is that one that I already said? Where did that was? It's in there. It's in the GCSE. What's your call? Willy. I don't even remember that. It's an old one. It's older. There's Willy T. Ribs. I don't know Willy. I don't know Willy. I go with me. Bunker. Must be on a like sports talk, Willy. I played it out of the GCSE yesterday. That means you have to have it. Yeah. Sports. I don't know if he's a good one called he's TN by Jack Beckett. And then it always goes our favorite. There's that. Sports Zoo. I don't have any. I've got to be fighting climax at the end that I had to bail before it got to it. Has there been a fighting climax? Sure. I don't have any. So I'm ready to go. I think that all the follow stuff is there on your end. Can you show up? Maybe Josh Friedman visiting the building again. 560560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon. Lyla's line. Sorry about that. WQ and hello. I know. Yes sir. Last time I seen fat rich. I believe was that pop. Yeah, so if Herbert Jones again, I thought so. The very first when he said hi, I thought it was him. Has he been the calling you or has he been waiting for me? No, he calls. Get lost. Okay. Go grab your Mac truck in the way I end with them statue somewhere like in Iraq. Would be good. Then oh man. This guy is boyfriend. What? And of course you do notice everybody else is out of town. I'll be because it's the middle of July already. Everybody's on vacation. Everybody with a life. But in his case. I have no life. Right. WQ and hello. I can't believe it. It's me. It's you. I see. Oh no. I can't believe it. And I got caught waiting. When you're gone now. All that time. It couldn't believe it. Tell whoever it is on the other end. They screwed up your life. Your moment is sunshine. WQ and hello. Who the mid-oxone or Jewish? Yes sir. Oh, how are you? Oh no. You were in Europe too or I didn't know when you were less. You were sick or something but a couple of cities. No we're running somewhere. I wasn't anywhere. We're running somewhere. Oh George was Monday when he was in Friday. And it's on our website. Nice going. Okay. To shoot a shoot a shoot a shoot a next time you go to Europe. Must be in the south of Holland. What is it? Must it? No. Wait. Last hit. Good. Have you got any old friends? Good. Have you? I'm not a friend. Oh I'm not going to have too many friends from there. In France I'm not going there. Too many, just a few different ideas and rolemen for him. This is something different. Right. Are you okay? I'm doing great. I'm not going to do any back again. Okay. Thanks darling. I have a good one. So it seems to be To eat. Tomahsie. Yeah it was a nice job by the New York Post. Excellent job. Yeah, it's good hard. It's carry and good hard. And I still say the rumors were that because his report Murdoch and he are posted some of the Democratic operatives sneak a phony leak to them. They sneak a leak. Kind of like your spec it. If you hold your hands out long enough. But they sneak a leak to the inner post of phony leaks so that they would embarrass them and humiliate them. And they did. Nice job. Remarkable. Oh great. That's a motor funny. On the internet highway they got taken tip- camino on their mana I'm gonna die this way I can melt in the corner and run See them with rounds and sets you safe Your kids will see movies in all hands Loving up on the screen Think it's gonna fry me Oh my god Put them legislation on the ground Stowing down these walls now Well they make shit count on you Put them out on the corner Have lunch, see them with rounds and sets you safe Your kids will see movies in all hands Loving up on the screen I'm gonna kill a random child These are ladies for their desire Well they can't stop their side's blood But they're gonna get mad Home for your child Home for your child Okay, this is the way we're getting up on a spray My Elastoplas spray bandage All right, passing all in our souls See in the here's everything's gonna be an English in French on the container On every box and it is ridiculous Seals now water dirt and bacteria clean the drain I just did go into clean that now it's so good I got a wash wash claw Okay, and I clean off all that excess polyscore You know you're gonna spray it now Now I'm gonna spray now maybe I'll be able to hear it Let me just right Oh Oh Probably do you think it's gonna sting? No No, we can hope I didn't sting at all a little tiny but now give it a good a good I give it a nice good thick layer on there And it says let it be okay, and then if it stays on for three to two days And it's a nice balls of naturally and it falls off the water won't you? Screw it on is squared again That has to be the worst mull on crap Almost as bad as that boil oh man Did you ever swallow that stuff? Oil stuff? No the spray on bandage stuff Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, thank you You don't want like nail polish or over a smart knife But I like it though, I'm a helper Oh geez Oh man Let me take a look at it Well that's a beautiful thing Maybe I'll take a picture Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the all the AT&T And rise of wireless line Let's take a look I'm making my scumbag here My lip, the blue, raw, and my knees They look beautiful What's the most important issue do you in this year's election? We got 5502 votes Getting with a Bush 186 Iraq 119 Freedom of speech 45 Separate the church in state 45 I don't give a shmit about anything 35 Health care 32 integrity 32 taxes 21 Uh Decliminalization of pot 60 Abortion 7 Cuba policy 7 Day marriage 4 and affirmative action 3 Only few people be caring about that WCWM hello Speaking Oh hey Nian, how you doing? Pretty good Listen, just on 911 last night I'm a relationship in a lot of people I don't know what you have to say about it But you take all the right wingers out there And they want to nitpick at this back And that back Give that also Let's say a 50% of a done true which I don't believe But just look at the man for God's sake Is that the biggest empty headed buffoon And you want him leading the free world This guy is mindless There's nothing going on up top And I thought the movie was excellent I didn't really really drag much I'm gonna really thank you and see if I think this weekend I'm gonna be at least in the next few days I left with a profound feeling of deep depression When I left that movie Yeah And you know anger, anger, anger Yeah anger depression But I thought it was extremely well done I like the little music he put in here And there I thought he did a really good job on the flug Like they say in Tennessee Fool me once they're on you Yeah, can't be fooled again What's that great? Oh, brother That was quite a surprise That was absolutely a surprise That was good I just, I hear, you know, they moan about little things Like oh, he didn't wait around for that senator Tell me how to nest you in the arm Our nephew was serving over in a rash And they said they're nitpicking about Yeah The fact that they're nitpicking our joke I don't know how I think it was about 95, 99% actual And it just had a profound impact on me I recommend it to everybody Hey man, I'm with a pair of nitpicking So you didn't have any aid in it And then pick you slubbed it so I sort of thought it was sensation I loved it But I liked it, but I liked the nitpicking The audience here gave it a sitting location Because we're very polite here, eh You know, like getting took here in a way But the audience was really into it And I was like, like that I got nothing to go there I got nothing to go there Of course, because that's America for it They got the most Florida scene If the people in Florida aren't pissed off and fired up right now They never will be They never will be They stole an alliance election right there And the front of your nose, okay And if any more of you use some POP beachiko for breap can And we're going to find out where you are And come and take away your halva How do you like that? Yeah, next poor, we're going to like pee on your homensage And just to get even with you If you make that mistake again So don't be doing it Man 560560 On the AT&T Let me take a look at my knee again Go for it The knee is under the counter here You know? I don't understand Maybe if I just have about this I'll let you know Ah It's not that fine It looks fine Look what bad he ever used that stuff Have you really never got to spray on kind No, that's spray on kind Oh, heavy, it's great stuff That's a stank thing And actually on my left knee Which I also skin just a little bit There's kind of like a A little superficial one And like a thing to as a straight to Just a minute I've already had It'll probably have already got to Like we've been to Johnette and still in wonders It's just here when it's so damn big I tried it And then I don't think it really like that took It didn't stick No, if they didn't take Don't you like it stay here Like if it's too wet and gooey That's another story I'll give you an actual drug or a picture 560-70560-560 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQA and hello Hello Yes sir How are you doing man? Okay man I'm just gonna ask you I'm just asking you to come back Lovely And I'm gonna get it Yeah, that was great Woo We man What are your people I think too What are your cranium You cranium 560-70560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line is we talk to the intelligence He here on this rate two day July the six A tier two after the birthday of America I have to be very honest I'm like letting it all hang out here today About relatives and funeral's on this camp America to me is like a It's just a little twinkle of what it used to be You know, I'm just a just a faint little bulb You know, it used to be a big shining light And now it's like a little tiny light bulb Kind of like that 14-end registration WQA and hello Hey doing uncle Neil Pretty good Really got me in the movie with that stupid woman who was confronting Lila when she was by the tent Where would you go and son? Yeah And she had a little Of course She never got to say he's an so chronicer I always say chronic when he calls And he just you're a good guy I like you I appreciate you Everything you said but I can't handle it How am I going to do that? It's like this morning I hear Geldi going over I'm like, I get that kid John and one And I'm like, how the people waiting on the hole I throw one here we go again See if we had if our programming people Or more involved in what's on the year Been worrying about my mother's funeral arrangements And worrying about trying to cover up for Greg we'd be in a jerk Then maybe we should like get somewhere Why do they let them keep putting that Emaceless and little event on the year Why do they do that? Then who would this have to? Oh no they got callers They got the sports nerds It call all the shows all day You know, around the clock Same ones But to this guy here the minute you hear the wrong way And nothing I can say get through this guy We love you, okay? We like you, we wish you nothing but 200 years of great health and a But go away, that's all given a rest for a few months Man Don't you know that voice? I do Oh God, it's either his voice or the aroma of that liquid bad Is that a migny swoon? Or the fact I mentioned Greg's name Don't fall down again W2A and hello Hi Yes ma'am I like to speak with Neil Singh Speaking Hi Neil This is Laura Hi Laura And I've been listening to you for many many years And I'd like to let you know that Originally from Cuba But I'm American But right And I'm totally against all these right-wing Cubans That are driving me crazy Including my own relatives Oh, running That are so pro-bush And I just want to say that I really enjoyed the movie As far as the facts that were brought forth But I too left this kind of depressed Oh yeah So I just hope that they just let this Comey phobic attitude that they all have And let it go, you know Well, it looks like Yeah, they're not going to be a solid way behind bushes They were at least Even if they don't go for curing Maybe a whole bunch of bulls stay home this time That's for sure And I'm in Brow's County I'm trying to make a difference up here So just wanted to let you know that I'm with you And we're all on show Nice Mara You can't continue with all the previous Little recording that you used to put in the past I really think so Well, we can't say crap anymore But at least we can still take one Have a great day Mara Absolutely Adios, everybody Rich Ciao Well, we'll talk to you probably talk to your tomorrow All right Five, six, seven, five, sixty Five, six, four, five, six Take Bar Fifty. We're going to get meow Hah Mathura Were going to get Tack!!. Hey Are Quirre. You weren't. At least he admitted in her case I'm afraid of anything. He was just a random man. I'm a random man. Why? Are you looking for me now? She did why? How do you deal with a friend of mine? That's not like I'm going to who's in Annemaria? Because Annemaria wouldn't put up. Well I listen. Well. I hid. Didn't she split up with Jim or something? I don't know. I think somebody on this. Where there has been with his attract covered penis. 28 past noon at 5.60. WQAM. Oh my god. Oh my god. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I stand in front of you now. Two years later and say it took me a little while. I'm a little slow learner. But Neil, I apologize. It's way deal. You are the truth. The Sandy. And I'm the big. Oh my god. The answer for all guys. Oh, that's just short for Orlando Bloom. You don't look cute. No. No. No. No. Now Neil's going to rip me for four hours. I've been scared to keep this in space. But in case you want to run away with me, he is. Show that you spend it. Show that you spend it. I got a little fly. Maybe we should take this call from our special guest. Reverell along. Hi everybody. You know what I'm going to go? He's a parent. He's a small. He's the audio that squeaky boys got. It goes down all the time. Oh, I got a lot of stuff. That's me because he was going to tear it down another show. That's me. I have children in those. Do I go away? You want a funny lady. Yeah. I'm going to go to school. I'm going to do it. Go away. Go away. We can't get into my next house. Show the girl that's new to the girl that's. Hey, you know. I want to work at that. I'm going to get this thing in the. You're a real wild. Come on. I get you. I want to crush you. I've been to the. I've kissed my re-ran. I'll bet 1232 to a 560 WQAM. I really just thought a member list was since today. The five years in federal prison for plotting to set fire to abortion clinic. Churches and he disagreed with and gave bars in for a lot of deal. Stephen John Jordey, who was turned in my relatives and church members received the minimum sentence after the US district judge James Cohen decided not to treat him as a terrorist as prosecutors have requested. They had asked for a sentence of seven to ten years. Jordey, a former army range, your father or four hundred and a trailer parking coconut creek. He did guilty to a single kind of attempted arson in February to attempted arson with an abortion clinic. He changed for prosecutors dropping charges of spreading explosive information and possessing an unregistered firearm. And speaking of that, by the way, don't forget to take your three pass images on your next plane trip. It's a lighters. The FBI's joint terrorism task force investigated Jordey for three months last summer and fall after receiving tips from concerned relatives. The prosecutors court papers included an excerpt to conversation secretly recorded by informant posing as a former police officer with strong views against abortion and gaze. The informant approached Jordey and met obvious that a church in Papino Beach, Jordey fully informed he was willing to put my own life and families life at risk to save an unborn baby. Oh no, not one of those. Not here like this. It's sentenced to five years in federal prison while I felt he'd bought a circulation for a little while. Not long ago. Slept monverse little bit. The top general at the North American Aerospace Defense Command was on the telephone and prepared order in F-16 fighter. The shoot down an unidentified plane that turned out to be carrying the governor Kentucky. The former president Ronald Reagan's funeral last month according to two federal security officials, reached separately about the incident. You'll be pleased to know that they'd look with Bending his family only problem is that when you bend your knee now, the cracks. It's like pulling against it. You know what I mean? Yeah, it's a quick Bending knee, okay. The Tencent in June 9 ended after the twin engine Beach crab King Air carrying governor O'Neigh Fletcher Republican, turned to line the Reagan National Airport. The closed call cost officials to reassess safeguards for the airspace around Washington, prompting cost with Spadden O'Flyzone beyond its 14 current 16 mile radius. Well I say, 13. 13. Although many planes have violated restrictions imposed after 9 level of attacks, the June 9 episode was extraordinary because the aircraft penetrated so deeply into the no flies under in the high security event, and remained unidentified where defense officials for several critical minutes, and the current and former homeland security officials had the incident was significantly a significant security breakdown. Oh, not again. The episode described by some officials as the closest the governments come to the downing of civilian plane over Washington since 911 will be disturbed if two hearings on capital Hildade, civil aviation officials are attestifying before a House of Committee on Aviation, and won't throw any officials have been invited to a classified briefing before the House Armed Services and Homeland Security committees. Immunatic communications break down involving Governor Fletcher's flight, Suez questioned his remaining about the adequacy of our air defense system, said representatives of Jim Turner of Texas, ranking Democrat on the House of the Committee of Homeland Security. Does the existing no flies on around our nation's capital give sufficient time to intercept a terrorist controlled flight he asked? And of course the answer is... Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Thank God that they can't even knew that two of those planes have been shot down by us. Unendable, remember that? Sure. You might say he doesn't know. Crap. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, wireless lines. So now that George Tenet was forced to resign, if you're his guy, sorry there. In order to say, all go back to the CIA. They knew they had no weapons over their days, and told Bush about it. Anybody believe in that? No. Do you know it? W.Q.M. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing man? Pretty good, sir. I'd love you to bitch you play with a mile and gully thing. But no! Yeah. Nothing's ever going to equal that call that they took when the guy asked him about the doctor for Feele's hand. Oh yeah, I'm going to play that. That's great man. I mean, it's just this guy. He tried to dignify it. Yeah. He's stupid and says, hey, I don't have an uptight silly old fart. Exactly. This goes he's got a crappy hairpiece, what that should be his word problem. Yeah. Well, he got a man. Good area back. Thanks. Okay. Dr. That performed the surgery on J.C.B. The stump. Isn't he the same doctor that performed the C-dr. on your Q.A. Um, just a doctor who performed the surgery. Let's take a bite back. What's his name? Klein. You see the doctor? No. I don't know where he was. He used George Colwell. I'm not sure. I'm not sure where he was. Doctor, didn't he? I'm not sure where he went. Did you go to Holy Cross? I didn't mean it. That's sure. Well, bottom line is that the doctors can't tell all of you. No, you're not sure. Somewhere in least a month could be a day week. Someone, I'm going to the world with you. I'm going to go ahead again. I want you to listen to it when he asked you all day to question. And when Goli comes back and boards, yeah. Because he can't keep his great face hurt. But that may have been the beginning of the end between that pair. Oh, yeah. Dr. That performed the surgery on the C-dr. Didn't he just say Dr. That performed the C-dr on your two-key? Dr. That performed the surgery. What's his name? Cline. He was Dr. That's a doctor. I'm not sure where he went. Are you going to Holy Cross? I didn't mean it. I don't know who he used. He used George Colwell. I'm not sure. I'm not sure where he went. Are you going to Holy Cross? I didn't mean it. Not sure. Well, bottom line is it. The doctor's kids are all on days. No, you know, you know, you know, sure. Somewhere in least a month could be up to eight weeks. Somewhere in there. While we have a whole bit of your two-ham. So as much as Andrew had figured on Goli because he's a silly, squeaky voice to Pipskrieg. He got used. The fancitor, no matter who is it. Nobody. Sooner or later, you knew that was going to blow up right there. The Goli and the whole thing. I mean, Moe and the Beast, Moe and Joe Rose, Moe and Hank, Moe and me, Moe and Joe, Moe and the George, Moe and Moe and Joe, and he's just thinking, and of course it'll be the big deal. Oh, yeah. Now if anybody's serious about keeping him on here. Let me look at Lexwee's schedule. So help me if we got Moe and next week, I'm going to pee my pants right now. All over the nice bandage on my knee. Monday. Also, in other words, Moe is on vacation. Oh, no. So we got all the holes. We got like five, six, seven days in a row. Goli all by himself. Oh, man. Talk about shrill. He's on vacation. Right. So on this morning. Moe? Yeah. He wasn't on the air this morning. What was he doing in there? He was in here. And they're doing what? I don't know. No one about walking around. Moe, how are you David? Yeah. But what's it with somebody who's just like him? Well, yeah, I heard Goli but my own three years. And it's been a schedule this morning, Goli. Wow. And you were going to be a... Huh? Maybe it was yesterday. Yeah, yes. You were going to get wasn't Mr. Because I'm talking between your band advice on my knee and your Alzheimer's. Yeah. You mean some medical attention right away. Let me duck him. So anyway, Goli tomorrow. And then all next week. Oh, brother. All I can say is... Oh, my God. Please, we miss you, Moe. Already. But we can't stand you. But we miss you. Now, what was I looking for? I was looking for... And Goli and Russ. So in other words, Goli doesn't... It does at a loan. When Moe is on, for whatever reason they feel it, it's necessary to have somebody underholding his hand. So it's the big... Oh, somebody, you know. But when Goli is on here five days, Goli is so low. Because you can be danger that Russ ain't going to be doing like no Purple intercourse with Goli or any other kind. Why not? The river, it's just... It's just ridiculous. The thought of it is ludicrous. Russ is going to be doing the updates, not the co-hosting. So you're going to go these solos. Somebody's going to just take off a couple weeks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 50 on the 18 and 10 Verizon Wireless Land. 5, 4, last 20 pounds. Oh, yeah, tell me. God is... Pace, make your vapor a prank along. Maybe last 20 pounds if he... Oh, yeah, tell me. Even said it this morning and they slightly lower register, I think. A little bit. Well, you know, when you... When you've got all that excess weight, please know your private's. You know, your body parts. Can I make it? Maybe that's Goli's product. Because we have the same steering, a very heavy load is what I'm hearing. 19 to one a QA and with the heat of summer here, now is a great time to get out of that car. You've been driving in and get into a new Toyota from Armstrong Toyota home to it. Or maybe like my mother's car. She got a nice Toyota that she enjoyed for years that I paid for. On US-1, just 20 minutes south of the 836, they're worth the drive to save you thousands on new Toyota. With rising gas prices, maybe like the car with more fuel economy. The legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 11, 990, or you can lease it for just 209 a month. Need a great Toyota for that car as your high school graduate. How about the Toyota Echo? Please price it just 199. Need a truck. And V6 Toyota Tember regular can can be yours for just 2039 a month. Have you ever seen for the hottest new cars around? Take a peek at the Corolla XRS and the solar convertible now and stock. At Armstrong Toyota home to it, these folks had a best of the business with you. Love shop and for cars there. Their service department is open late to late. We've nice to make sure your service work is done. Low games do be as just honest with us great deals and Armstrong Toyota home to it. Home to it was the first thing that offered your free tires and batteries for life. And now there's the first to offer your free replacement parts for life. That is absolutely correct. Tires batteries and free parks for life. So if you want an honest to win this great deal, this is the face you ought to be heading. Talk to David Rich to GM at Armstrong Toyota home stay today for an unbeatable deal. Grab a little and save a lot on your Bluetooth to only at Armstrong Toyota of home stay. This is more trivial, fight to team with up to 2 AM. It's a terrorist warning. Oh, so as you try on to work, be in there. The White House says what all the two now team did. You were in a nice driving neckier when it never strikes because of all of the stress. From chances we better watch out for each of the world up here in the air. It's a terrorist warning. Oh, the government says we've ruined it. And I'm saying this ain't all we've bought the win now. And I'm saying this isn't a threat to the joy. I think there are a whole stake in me and stroke. I think that's a total of no more if you live my life. It's going to die in my life. I can't live my life. Nobody says it five six eight eight. I'll forget Tom Reds says this isn't something specific. It just based on general wanting to create a lot of paranoid and don't get all panicking. But I will be following but we don't know where and when and how and many of these things are just a calm down. And don't forget between our November and our life caps going to happen. You know they keep talking about this October surprising. Yeah. This crowd of neo Nazis are so desperate to hang on to the estacles of government and the air. I wouldn't put anything past them. There is nothing I don't think that there was stuff short of done because it's the biggest bunch of groups and great robbers ever in effect. And you only have to be elected. She says, oh yeah, we like what's going on now. Hence we are mine. You have to be a lunatic. You have to be certifiable. God. But then again, I would say probably half of the elected is done with an inbox or what do you expect. What's the most important issue to you in this year's election we asked? And even though we put it on there very late. Look at that. Six hundred and thirty seven votes. Getting rid of Bush is doomed at the top like wildfire. Oh, 248. Didn't even know contest. Iraq. One twenty six separation of church and state fifty freedom of speech forty five. That's ancient history. I don't give a Schmidt about anything thirty seven. Health care thirty four integrity thirty two passes twenty six. The criminal's ace of pot sixteen of bourbon seven. Cuba policy seven game marriages six and affirmative action only three. We say that one out of six thirty seven. There is an Edward's in carry. I mean, where he had to read this in so many wounds on himself in national security. That we it's not the same arrestment was several months ago. The advantages are not nearly as great on national security and they can win by focusing on domestic economic issue. That's Peter vinear. She's with a new republic. I see. I love this one line and this. See, what do we ever do before the unit? A lot of work. A lot of paper. I mean, we need less crap like for example, maybe I would have gone to like the emergency clinic or gone sooner doctor. I mean, this is just a scrape. We've all had these many times. But a lot of people would go running to a doctor and you look on the air. It's in a scabb is like putting a big rock on a lawn. Okay. Well, is that a great line? Sure. Learn something. Right. So the idea that, you know, let the let the air here without all of this, the loony. Most wool moist wool, carries a first aid revolution. Not just something new and maybe interesting a river freak illusion. Edging out the long hill belief that broken skin heals best when safely hidden under an old fashioned scabb. Oh, we got a few of those working in our place. Keep a moist. Yeah. Just lick them. Spray them. In fact, I'm going to bring a can of this next time I'm done. I'm going to bring a giant extra economy size jar of a cannabis and spray it. A scabb is like putting a big rock on a lawn. Says doctor, Adam Singer, who sounds Jewish to me. Oh, right now, like a Jew doctor, I'll tell you that right now boys and girls. Don't ever let no go in with their hands on you. In fact, I better check and find out about the doctors in that hospital. Oh, and I never told you the best part of the deal. I told you off the ear. To show you that there's some people have far too much time on your hands. I have no life. Oh, my God. I don't want to even say who it was or who's mother suggested this because it would be too embarrassing. Somebody suggested that maybe my mother since she was afraid that she was reaching the end of reading and I really didn't want to live no more anyway. But the doctor just kind of like give a doctor a jacket of working and sing real quietly and I'm gonna be a ha ha ha. Oh, man. Oh, yeah, ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, yeah, ha ha ha. I'm sure, right. Oh, well, whatever you say is that incredible or what? That's incredible. It's crazy. Right. See it's one of those things that we'll never really know because none of us were there. And she didn't want anybody there for those of my take. Oh, you should have been there in her bedside. She was usually usual pain in the ass. Didn't want anybody there and didn't want even want to really talk to anybody that much. I liked it. Carl and I'm going to wish her I said it's not probably the way you envisioned it but happy birthday because it was a birthday. Now somebody also mentioned me that people generally or maybe not generally but very often people die on or within a few days of the birthday. Is that true? Yeah. It's not a fact my brother within a week. Ah! How do you like that? We may maybe we might have to delete something in this DCS. Yeah. Let's take that out. Yeah. Not good. I told you there's many, many reasons why birthdays are not a good thing. So instead of sending somebody a happy birthday, Carl, which I did, she never got the birthday cards. Is it wearing her mail box? Maybe God figures it's like your anniversary stuff. Is that what it is? That's the time he calls you. Okay, so your time now, come on, come on down. Like your driver's license expired. I think on a price is right, come on down. Can you believe that I was thinking of this again? It's just because I watched the other day a few minutes along. I'm ready to burn out on it. The price is right. Bob Barker has out lived giant Olson. Rod Roddy. And I have no idea that he was new guy that got on there. He didn't even answer one of the show. He's out lived two booths and ounces. And that show is still on there, we did. And every member of the original audience. I'm sure that. Come like me. No question about that. I think of that old K.O. and you're in Chuckling. That old K.C. audience. Come on, yeah. Oh, they're all pushing them daisy. Even putting that guy that said, oh, you'll never make it six months in this time. I said, they're the worst thing I've ever had. He didn't make it six months. He's dead. Oh, oh, why? Back to you know something. I'm going to go to his sister. Oh, and somebody also mentioned to me. Somebody also mentioned to me that when I go to visit my mother's tombstone. Can you say, maybe go to visit my mother's tombstone? Because with my luck, see me shot that made from mom of the ground. But it's like a picnic basket. No, hold on to what's wrong. I mean, it just, it was just fine. I mean, it's a risk of something. It's not against sensitive because I don't really care what anybody thinks. It was just fine if you would have written the script. You know what I'm saying? Just fine. All the way around. And then, of course, there's also the other element of when somebody dies. And that is that the the vultures have been kind of like circling over waiting for whatever little crumbs there might be in the will. Those people of course also are involved. You understand what I'm saying without care, two specific. There you go. 567. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless lines. As a matter of fact, I think I can honestly say, I believe this from this moment forward. I really have no need ever. I'm trying to think that I want to leave any. I mean, I'm not saying that all my relatives are bad people, but I don't think I really have any need to communicate with any relative anymore from my heartele time. They stick my ass in the ground. How do you like that? No, what a load off. Yeah. I'm trying to think of maybe there might be some reason, but I don't think so. WQA and hello. Any other. Yes sir. Yes sir. Hello? Yeah I'm here. Oh man. George. George, I'm sure we're just again okay. Not bad to have you batched. I'm sure we're just going to be in front of you. WQA and hello. Ready to get out of here. WQA and hello. Please. No, they're all. We'll see they've been waiting for me to come back for a day. I'm here on Tuesdays and Thursdays by the way July and August. George Monday Wednesday and Friday. So I won't be out again until Tuesday. See that's a great part of this schedule. Every time Thursday comes around. I mean Tuesday's not too great because then you've got to work two out of three days. That's a pain in the ass. Only at one day. Right. But Thursday, then I got a 40 weekend every week for a couple of months. I just go on Greg. I always love you Greg. You're one of my favorite people. Do you believe me? No. And especially in since you're all of that crap because everybody knows. Greg is your right. So this pain simply. You know this pain concern. Oh no. He was very sincere. Yeah. Got to put a lid on it. Okay. You really get my nerves big time. Okay. And let me also say this. Was it two weeks ago when parents was on vacation? I don't remember. My vacation kind of screwed things up. Oh, maybe it was why you were out. And parents was also on vacation every. And Doc said, oh boy, it sure is great to be in charge again. Get your vanilla. There. He was loving it because he actually had some authority. As opposed to just walking around patent people on the head. So you're everything okay? Okay. Let me give you a hello. Not there online for shame on you. WQA and hello. Two words on thumbnail. Bandop Bush. Yeah. Okay. Bandop Bush. WQA and hello. Pop there. Now that could have been from the sales department. You think? I remember that was one of those relatives that we just talking about. By six, seven, oh five, 60. Town five, 60. On the AT&T of Verizon wireless law. Bandop, low, I loin. Bandop, it too. The hunt for his infagus and for PUNCHIN is guts out. Let me say it again. Those people are against the gambling and those slots of the tracks. You people are out of your mind. You're crazy people. Absolutely crazy. We need those slots in there at the top of the park. And go stream at the corner tomorrow. If not sooner. Absolutely positively. And this and you suckers out there that keep playing a lot of things. You see a lot of these good. But slots are that evil when our bandits that suck them on the out of your wallet. You know? Right. Good to see you understand the difference. Right. But I've been taught by Mickey Erison and the Harold and the Sun several and the people in Bahamas. And I'll do this special interest. Of course, I want to keep being the guy. And the meantime. Where'd you who was telling me? Oh, maybe when I was at Rimmer where I've fared somebody was telling me about how they're just everybody tells me they're just pouring into that new hard rock to the Indian and the similar everybody's. Because you know, I told everybody in their brother and of course the old one by where my mother used to live. And Hollywood. They're just pouring into there. Because otherwise, you know, it's 140 degrees in the shade. You can't even go outside because you're going to pass out from this smoothly fires in the air. People are looking for a little. There you go. And it comes as a great shock, especially in the place of the home of the walking dead. That's what people are looking for a little bit of. That's Sean. Right. So this business of all of it's evil and sinful. We don't need anymore gambling. Right. That's a problem. You got a bunch of Yahoo's Bible-thuffers and old farts. And the old farts I should put out. Even I think if it gets on a valid. Yeah. The old farts are more into the, like those poker machines that they had now, you know, and the casino right. So that's, that's become a very popular. So now that it's their own thing. So it's their time. It's their own thing. Not as much as top right on it. Not by the local power of the world. Which way you'll find success in your own way. Not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Another thing. The animals are the they would have been a star on mine. That's not a little bit sweet voice. I didn't think they'd get it in a way. A little silly little time. We should do something. I think they'd get it in a way. That's what I think the point is that they like what I think. I want to see you. Yeah, what about me? I don't know why I hate you. What do I do? I'm playing at me. I want to die. You're such a great, beautiful, so beautiful. I don't die. I'm here to call me. I'm playing. Why do you why you're a smack-u? I know why you smell a smack-u? I don't like to die, you. You still got such a... I feel so slight. Thank you, I think, rather... And what did you do about it? That's why you're so bad. I feel it still. I feel it still. I'm going to destroy those doors. I'm going to destroy those doors. I feel it still, I'm going to destroy those doors. I'm on a show. I'm on a show. I'm on a show. I'm on a show. I'm on a show. Here's a faction of town who says, the movie is great. I've always thought it was stupid to applaud a movie screen. I had it doing it with the rest of my soul out here. Maybe. It says, the right wingers are epileptic about the lives of the movie and soul in my and the second half of the movie, Cips of Cadi and Colin and Rummy, the pre-911 standing quite clearly that Iraq is not a threat, is contained in his No WMD. Lyrs with several additional points. You've got to cut. If I'm a son it. Here's the zombie pool, the no one. Carry Edwards 48%. Worst, Chany 46%, on the side of 5%. I wonder if they got here with the Nader in it? Oh no. You're going to puke when you see their eyes. Bush 45. I see. Bush 45. Carry 47. Nader 2 and 5. I'm going to say, Nader is going to vote for dropping. If you get closer to the member, fewer and fewer people are going to waste their vote again, especially in Florida or else. Or else, we don't want to make a threat. But if you vote for Nader, I have an accident. You know what I mean? God. In the blue states, oh, they got this broken down by the blue. Now here's an interesting thing. When asked if President Bush deserves to be reelected, 43% elected voters said yes. While 53% said, it's time for someone new. How come that doesn't job with the numbers? Does that have an Democratic convention yet? Wait till I have the conventions over and they get a big goose. And nobody don't like a big goose. Look at this. I just got a fax here on some central air conditioning. You get the, uh, the nursery said you get ad faxes all the time. It's a little more than a quarter. It's illegal. Record it if you say it's hurting. God. I'm going to call the inspector general, eh? See what's going on here. Now, just, my knee is just, uh, it's a beautiful thing. You feel, uh, I put it like on my arm different places. But when it's on, you're knee like that. We have like a, uh, a joint pop right. You bend it first then straight. No, no, you're not listening to me. And when you bend your knee now, that's, it's switched on there and it's dried. It feels like you actually have a bandage on it. Oh, cool. You're a beautiful, I'm stretching it. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy Thursday. And back to you. Oh, and I keep saying it's Tuesday, don't I? All day long, I mean, you're the first one to correct me on that and even including George. She had his or through. I remember my schedule on here. Nothing. I don't know what I'm talking about. That's all right. Who's on this? I'm sorry. Who is that then? Corn, call you got a midnight. It's got to the entry anyway. A friend of mine, who is a concern? You see, it's a long story. But he had a woke up also and thought it was light-licking on his phone and our petal and my, it was from the day before us. He thought it was from me on that day and then to write a headsome head of a property. So he was doing that out of, you know, being concerned that maybe I had some head of a problem or something like that. And he was calling to see if I was okay and then low and behold, I go staggering into the, and just like it was like having a car accident. Really, was that much of an impact? Very ironic, isn't it? I can't, I can't remember the crawling out of bed part and skinning the knee part. But I can remember the, my teeth hitting the end of that, I was a dining room table, but it was five minutes ago. I mean, it was a major impact. Like somebody had to do an official debate, all bad. I ain't an happens. Yeah, me too. I just wanted to congratulate you like another caller and having your mom around for as much of your life as you had her. Right. And if he's not a good way to look at us? It's very much, my wife, my excuse me. My mother passed away before I was 30, so kind of a bum raps for me. So anybody who gets to have that much of their life with their parents around, I think that's a good thing. Sure. And as far as I just wanted to tell you, I'm real quick on the brilliance of Tom Rich. He does spend the money well for Homeland Security. I just passed a trailer with a 40-foot-scarer boat on the back. And across the side, it's in Homeland Security. Okay, okay. All right. Have a good day now. Okay, be safe, pal. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, we're safe now. We got good old comrades, you got their man. Got a bunch of blind neo-Nazis. All of this stuff now about who's got this and who's got what in the Eastern States, Carrie Edwards 52% Bush, January 30th. This is where it's been in a minute on. Okay, this is how it be pulled, which he's one of those waggits. In the blue states, got it? Got it. Those one by Gore in 2000. Carrie Edwards has 50% Bush, 242% in the red, but listen to this. In the red states, Bush, 50% Carrie Edwards 45% so it's like a little closer when I was red states. I really do believe they might, would some help from Baba. They might be able to win Arkansas, they think it may be Louisiana. Not North Carolina, they think it could happen. Would it happen? Sure. Let me see it again. Okay, not gonna happen. No. Are you sure? In the East, Carrie Edwards 52% Bush, 30% in the central grade late 47 to 45 for Carrie. In the south, Bush, Cheney, Lee's, this is interesting. 50 to 47. And in the western region, 50 to 44% but keep in mind, western includes like Colorado and New Mexico and Idaho and the West. And I don't know. In terms of old ideology, Carrie Edwards is favorite over Virginia, among progressive 77 to 21% liberal 83 to come percent, moderate 59, 34. Among conservatives, Bush Cheney 76 to 19% over Carrie. Now, among younger voters, 18 to 29, Carrie Edwards 55 to come to the same age as the West. And in the middle of the year, the West is the same age as the West. And in the middle of the year, the West is the same age as the West. And in the middle of the year, the West is the same age as the West. Carrie Edwards 59% Bush Cheney 37. Now, right, 65 and over Carrie 49, Bush 46. Women, Carrie 52, Bush Cheney 42. Single people, Carrie Edwards 62% Bush Cheney 26% did you follow that? Wow. Bush is a favorite among voters 50 to 64 years of age, 49 to 46% men, 50 to 43% which is law course of the last poll I heard, and married couple 53 to 42%. 56% over half say they disapprove of Bush's job performances we heard in the one Iraq, a 15 point drop within the last six months. 15 point drop. More than 2 and 5, 45 for 44% of it is performance as causing. In other words, his numbers are dropping like Iraq. You're like that. 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 80, 80, and 10 for rise in wireless line. People are going to be highly motivated in anybody thinks that the Fahrenheit 911 movie is going to movie people. They're dreaming because when people go out of a movie theater or plotting and carrying and carrying on and sharing, fuck everybody else about it, you better bet your life on it. And you're saying, well, you know, among independents, when you know 10% are were impressed by Edward's being on it, you're just like 10% to hell of a big deal. Sure. WDQ and hello. Yes sir. I cannot believe that 56% of the men on this planet don't like Bush. No, not on this planet. Yeah, okay, great. Good not on this planet America, but he's trying to be funny. Ah, hello. 560, 50, 60, 10, 50, 60, well it's a gay gay world after all, you know, 560 on AT&T and Verizon wireless line, right? Good to see you. WQ and hello. Yes sir. Welcome back. Thank you. Show a picture. Okay, thanks. Let's see, we got Mad Dog at 2 and Campler at 4. See, it was on a wrong day before you never corrected me. That's what you're not thinking about. I think it was 10% now. That's what it is. 844, to big guys. 7 and the Curtis attended nice. So we got like all over the place. And I'm saying, I see again, if Duffin Clarice were more interested in worrying about the getting stuff right. They'd have been rushing in there saying, hey, what day is he on? What planet is he on, you know? Attention, Mad. But of course, now the two of them live so intimidated, they're like Cower in the corner, like a little chown. 12 minutes after 1 at 560 WQM, as your company's suffering from regulations that increase labor costs, let Oasis outshircing help. We want to come to the people side of your business. Table of administration, 14, 500 company employees benefits, human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free of adoration in 1, 866 and Oasis that's 1, 866, 286, 2747, with more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands of any fastest human resource management. Outdoor sales being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which lets you focus on your core business while leading the operational details to the folks of Oasis outsourcing. So let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you like a free evaluation with no obligation, call net full free number, 1, 866, at Oasis. That's 1, 866, 286, 2747, for Oasis outsourcing. And my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, no-no, no. That is that human theory, who starts from Jan Carrey Magnemore, He's The F-Wins and Oscar, this piece will last an hour, you can bet And now all the thoughts and news, would like to be moving to Norway But as clear you said, you'd be a pain in the air, Michael Moray Welcome! Since the end of the 560 WQ, I'm Oscar, but I'll just pick a day out of the schedules here and I'll just make it up One hour ago, in 230, Delhi is 4 The White House is going to prevent a war to protect the US government's newly acquired rights to spy on Leaders as part of counterterrorism investigations, promising to veto a multi-billion dollar spending Built-of-ease powers are curtailed The short-according to Bawas fire yesterday A head of a widely anticipated amendment by representative Bernie Sanders that would prevent F-WI and other government agents from using a Secret Federal Intelligence Court to get access to the reading records of library or bookstore patrons as part of counterterrorism probes We've tied an introduce it on the House floor today, Joel Barkin's spokesman for the independent lawmaker to lay a P If passed, the measure would be attached to a nearly $40 million A provisions bill funding the Department of Commerce, Citizens and State, in fiscal 2005, but the White House will have none of it Moving to nip the idea in the bud The presidential office amendment in budget makes here will rather see the whole appropriations bill by Then allow changes to the USA paper act How do you like that? Very pathetic So, if I read our watch and of course you'd be buying and what you read in the library, stuff like that Of course, I don't think most of our people spend too much time in the library Which my group they have free videos just like that thanks for got from that Lady before Catherine I'm talking to the people in upback where she works and her co-workers were going What do you expect? That we had a people we've had like in the last hour in this phone here about 100% about 80 Maybe about 30 minutes? Yeah, let's see an incumbent on tape it There you go, let's have C-span and C-N-N all the ships of C coming in and tape your first vacations Comments about the affairs of the world, okay? There you go, or maybe just jump by, that might not be a bad one, get that on 630 on Dan Rather What's the most important issue in this year's pre-privileged show we asked we got 739 votes on him to Shavie Getting with a bush 314 that was not even on there for the first 40 50 hours we were on to that And all of a sudden it went zooming by the other categories like they were in a prone position Getting with a bush 314 Iraq 139 Separate their church in state 54 On a crazy religious notes out there that long went pose your theory tails and everybody else Freedom of speech 51, which forget about that, it's history I don't hear what you're talking about anything 38, you know something I don't blame you Health care of 36 integrity 33 taxes 31 the criminalization of Iraqi weed 19 Cuba policy 7 game-marriage 7 a Bosch and 7 and affirmative action on a 739 Voses got only 3 3 votes on my god For affirmative action probably because most of us don't believe in affirmative action anyway, right? They might have something to do with it WQA and hello Yes sir happy Thursday WQA and hello The famous words of president Bush. Okay. WQA and hello Well, yes sir Gordon Gordon, is this Gordon Michael How's it going, hey, Gordon Real quickly I can be the only issue when making sense for me and then next to the election it's getting those guys out of Iraq now Well, that's why Iraq is on here, right? The whole Iraq situation, right? Bring it everybody home and one piece who's still on one piece and he's still alive You know something really bothers me right now And next is radio station and the guys that do the all the guys that do the games for all these teams When you take a look we're more work and the station stands for nothing The station stands for you and me, we're going to have a good show tonight There you go You got Joseph Gacky who does the hurricane game Okay, yeah You've got that you've got that fatso who does the game for the heat he's terrible no one knows his name We don't have the heat games on his side I didn't he thought about the hockey guys No, you got the guy on for this you've got more hours He does that a golfing game through trying to get a little story Everyone's fired in the radio station right doesn't work He's a giant tumor in our midst yes And I can't and the worst guy at all, I don't know how this guy just had what that picture's a bread reader or quality Oh, they're going to run avertment you say everybody's going to know I'm just that Dave is in the one I mean you know what I'm not getting right Dave in boring How do they want this happen? I let me give you a great chance, okay? That's great. You know there's a guy you know and I hate to say that you know, because the malls are games are so boring I do turn another radio station there's a guy on there Who's who's got it. Who's got an interesting stick to him and He goes on for about six day and in the evening Yeah, you could bring a certain dynamic to the radio station Yeah What's the show rose every day talking about athletes in the girlfriends? No one listens from five to eight And who's he talking about? Siddano Siddano What? What about him? I think he's pretty I think the station should take a look at I've got a listen to him and then I'll land the loud acquiries Oh, you know, I said that I'll even hear talking about it I could be really more ever great Dave finally, what were your end? There's a guy complaining about our warden and a lot of money like that Greg ain't going to be too happy about that sir Greg we just going to be pissed off and fired up Greg is your right And the feeling Greg is mutual, okay? Just contempt utter contempt in disregard. Just leave us alone Quit trying to muscle in and pretend you like a part of the family mind George is Josh's anybody else's okay just to get your own family go find a new one 5670560 pound five six beyond the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Probably a big part of the year only the first time that I show was geared toward like an inside the You know what I mean, right? That's okay In other words ordinarily even if I do inside material I'm still doing a show for the audience today I'm doing a show for the inside of radio station and also anybody else might be involved Somebody peripheral stars and they have a soap opera going on the segue friend Jeff Cohen and fat rich I've had to one thing if you wanted a spread to news, okay, you wanted to save money on advertising Just tell fat rich within 30 minutes or less the entire planet everybody in China people on your ring is full no, okay I apologize in addition to which I what do I know from fat rich? He's my race track buddy, okay People are going to the track they almost always go with the same people looking for years and you're used to go to the to our bridge with Bill Carter when I was in Michigan I had a couple of friends who go to the track with all the time. It's a track thing I thought it was best friend things. I don't know any more about fat rich in fact I probably know less about fat rich or Geraldine whatever he's called himself this week then you do you know what I mean I don't know I think about him I'm going to the track but in for 25 years. I know less about that man I mean he's a good guy. We have a good time. He's never stole a freaking. I don't think maybe he did steal a freight train I don't know I thought it was that your bar mix. Our friend Derek that goes to the track with us. He's a good guy But what do I know about him? Oh, well, I know a couple of things, but you know, yeah He likes that restaurant runway 84 Oh, right Last thing he said to me for our last time last time was leave the gun Take the gun. I have a white over him. There's just racetrack buddies. That's all But for some people to be open up a mouth or any fat rich deals mother duck was something that really and really you're going to pay a wicked price in health for that I don't know And there look don't fill a ducklings, you know, okay. I'm definitely clearance routine. Oh, I'm not gonna cry And apologize and apologize Okay, but it just ain't like that or that's why it never even dawned on me when he called me to give me his condolences where he found out I called him later on and then tells me that he got it from you and the information so and then Jeff Cohen gets it from skipping and remember gets it from Jeff Cohen It's like a daisy chain man. That's what it's all about Is there no respect is there no? The privacy no decent scene. No sense of like leave people alone in their time of marginal emotions W to Q and hello The George That's right Oh, good. That's your boyfriend and Kim. Hello. Hello Yes, sir. Good afternoon sir. Sorry for your loss. Thank you You know a lot of people out there to care and I hope you understand it well, I think it wasn't make sure our call and I'll tell you that Okay, because I get's boring, you know, it's more certainly hit these other guys You're doing timid and that's why you must be a look and have a discussion that worked the other day and when we'd show colleagues So we're disagreeing need you to help me to paddle harder and that is But that's between say scarf face and the godfather which movie would you prefer in terms of showing real estate gangster criminal life I voted for the godfather, but absolutely no question that I've been close Okay, let me remind you one thing. Guy, fine. Kay will never get that over you. I don't get how many take over you. What? Freeze, Bob come by come out on a workboard I'm German Irish. Let me tell you something like a crock mix friend I'm going to make so much trouble for you. You won't know what it was come to lawyer. I have not threatened I know almost every big wire in New York who the hell are you. There you go And I'm not no family tonight I told them that and if you think that they would work, man, are you on this one because he thinks the scarf face is more of an action Who would be a eye that you know I did with a comedy Oh, yeah, if George keeps taking pulls on those freaking action movies already he's taking that same pull How many of them? Oh my god, what is action movie? I know she said we're not these trying to be Mr. Cool. He's trying to relate to the teenagers after the 15 and 20 little Oh, I just make it up Oh, because you're winding now you get whatever been in the last act Why do you think that George you carries the show? No, you're not sure the scarf face is anything but a comedy Right, there you go And have a great time. I guess that's what he's worn out here. He was getting a call Listen, when you were a laks. No, he was a good guy. You know it's car. He was fine. What's the whole name? I'm gonna go find him. Ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh man You're right George Terry's the show. That's why he's going to be on again tomorrow I'm gonna be on again on Monday and next Wednesday and next Friday. I'm this carried the show And if my lip happens to separate again, maybe like from now on to a clock would be good So here's a more about Nation movies I don't care what point you think I really care all the way I do vote on I'm sorry to see what it results on here, but what do I care when I don't care if you go a little bit for four hours as long as I don't have to be there I didn't pay what do I care you give away what I was going to do tomorrow. Yeah, well, you know something else Four hours of Greg Reed That's sorry That's my best time getting punished though. I'm getting punished No, that's all when I tried was trying to play. I was trying to play Greg Reed's comment to it Yeah, because no matter what you say to Greg it's always I mean sticks his finger when I hold her his hands What they thought that was once a brain 27 after one at five six he just leave me alone Greg everything is going too well Okay, you want to mess around with your rose you want to mess around with more you want to keep messing around keep shuffling them back Shuffling back is leave everybody alone. Okay, just go on out of one of your long bustling calories get out of our face Greg If your carpets are in kind of a bad shape and now's a good time to because it's the heat of the summer. Nobody wants to be outside Just take a long hard look at those carpets and realize that there's enough schmots in there probably kill an army The answer is to call my good friends at rock concept. They've been doing in my homes for over 20 years and they should be doing for you too They have certified technicians who will dry clean your carpeting They're the only people in the world who do this. It's a really is an exclusive pen to method and dry cleaning makes your Carpeting look just like brand new same ideas on your clothing. You were those five ninety five per room scams because believe me They'll never do it the same results that dry concepts give you and they won't give you a written guarantee price up front like dry concepts Because what they will there was rip you off of being with the job these other guys so forget about those take these get a sensational job every time is guaranteed By my good friends it dry concepts your carpets are dry in a couple of hours and you're ready to rock and rule Looks just like brand new to every time I've used them. It's amazing when they leave even though you know I had a time I'm good. They're gonna do it's amazing how your carpets looks just like brand new So call them today when you do call dry concepts As soon as saving extra 15% the cost of that carpet cleaning job by putting you on their stand by list called Radconcephs tool free in 1-800-248-5071 That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on a web at rockconcephs.com You Pensional sleep vision what settings like gentle rain and batling broke don't help get that John Kerry sleep machine It laws you to sleep with the mind numbing sounds about John Kerry political speech. I used to toss and turn for hours, but now I just turn on my John Kerry sleep machine Before I hear Joe The John Kerry sleep machine offers four different policy settings to suit every mood from tax reform I'm getting so sleepy The economy As The foundation Get this John Kerry sleep machine today and with any luck you'll sleep right through the election. I'm John Kerry and I approve the John Kerry sleep machine available Where are these machine? 272 a no forget John 19 it's too much from this past Monday, right? How do I know what date is? July 19 new format on 940 fox sports. That's the rumor out Frank and Aro America Maybe for real about who's in the land on at FM this got no number draw. You got to be a certain party still can't find a audience Look at me something It'll be a good amount after us with all 10 barrels plays and maybe What we can give a crab less Just keep the pay care coming clear and says all week care about Especially Josh and George are making the big bucks Truck deposit here's a fact to say it's last week while they have been boring was gone for three or four days a guy named build back No relation to Todd record people may be extra beer did the game. She was great every call was jack buck like Like it was the world series and he was sincere he even embarrassed a boog monster Who is this guy? Where does he do games? It says maybe it was too much to ensure Josh court is right there can tell us He works for the marlins don't know exactly what he does but I know that Does he handle Josh pick its personal situation? That's his Perfect hand rotation. I don't need to know I see why you know what he used to say build back everywhere you look there's a guy with his hand So I know is he good? Yeah, he's a good guy No, I'm not talking about is he a good guy now. Can I see you there? I don't want to put you on a spot. I guess you had to work with this guy too right in the course You work with Dave and boring and so if you say this guy's too good then Dave and boys We'll all been out of shape and start throwing his hair free. So I do and I'll let you Grab all over his life anymore. So what's the deal? He's just fine Who Dave? No, Dave's good build back just fine. Dave is good Dave and boring is good Oh my god. Wow, this is this is unbelievable. This is Josh Curtis says Dave and boring is good 24-12 I understand we don't want to get in love with trouble. I'll tell the other hand I can't wait to let it's safe for no other reason of course to be boring for us hockey fans with no hockey season But if we're no other reason we want to get Kelly doing a dummy We want to we just can't wait here. It was great. It's a good big We're going to work so Who that is don't you that's Rick Peckham? Can I say that? No Rick Peckham he's the voice of the world champion the Stanley Cup champion. Have you ever been lightning? There you go. So it'll be in three I don't think I mean Rick Peckham is good. He's not one of the best. I wouldn't say but he certainly very good. He's solid Yelding could have been over a Peckham He could be no judge maternity holder flamer So what do you think Josh? You think yelding's gonna do a hell of a job on those games? I don't know for you. Not a hockey fan. So I saved you. I mean I might listen to that to what? There's a You know will be good in fact, you know if for the right price Yelding we can supply with somebody's book of Brian's sounders and you can make like yeah He can press a button like there's somebody's just place up his broadcasts would be good Easy here's one for the slap shot I mean like the one I got my mouth Man, but the good is is during course of the show that these scabb Is like it's like gone After I hit that table man my upper lip was like a piece of hamburger meat. Yeah It's correct. I ran in the kitchen for little mustard on I went to bed 5 670 560 560 on the AT&T and Vara of for our Farah, how are you? Line and garden bit late right I can't believe it's certain I've been seeing it was too The old thing given around schedule nobody cares everybody's out of town anybody would a life out of town To make you wait hello You know Oh man I told you we get all the good cause on this one day. I know it make up for Tuesday WQA and hello I hope it thanks Mike it lost okay, you know he called it. I think you are vacation or were you was the last week? I don't know Which some information about Phil Henry is going off at WI was being a pretty nice Sean had to be on course Phil's going on tended to you distance to see the schedule right Mike you better take a better look at the next time I think it's a whole schedule Sean had it he's going to be so an attendee your close personal friend to I'm wait are you sure is going to be on it 10 on I O Day? We're promoting all the other stations schedules we can't get around schedule right so why not promote theirs The one station that doesn't fear to promote the other stations schedules because we know that in spite of our management and spread of all our efficiencies We still kick serious ass. Don't ask us how We're still doing it Here's a fact that says condolences regarding your mother. Thank you. I took an early lunch today It's into the career at which rally inside the airplane hanger big mistake. I wanted to share some of my observations with you great Arrived at the parking lot around 10 30 an a.m. with face to learn the parking fee was going to be Compt walked up to the building saw a long line of anxious overheated people luckily I knew someone who arrived earlier. She told me to go to the front of the line because the longer line was for bang search and security screening I guess it was screening your old vans Is I waited my turn outside the two airports style metal detectors they had set up? I noticed many people from different security agencies Sheriff's orifice secret service airport security Vans squad Homeland Security personnel The volunteers were instructing the people to open their bags take off any pins that were wearing and step forward At about 10 50 the people in charge of screening said move everybody through even though they're gonna Move everybody's true. They're gonna be getting off the plane. I'm on my share with you Move everybody through they're gonna be getting off the plane. They get everyone in Hundreds of people went in to the event unchecked. I'd you understand if sentence So everybody through they're gonna be getting off the plane. They get everyone in There's a word miss and I guess right vans here's repassion about bottle water the crap To end at which trip to the podium humanist before 11 bill now send Kendrick make Edwards in Kiritu to the microphone First now inform Kiritu thousand people are standing outside the hanger couldn't get in the event not true There was plenty of women friendly press podium It was just hard to see people walking out while carry was speaking easy bit coma inducing I will support these two lawyers, but I long for the days of dean and that all inspiring screen How well yeah, you know, I'm trying to stop to light baby Dean Edwards. It sounds like a winner to me. Oh, yeah Sounds like it's the deal. We're gonna South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona And we'll go to go We're gonna California and Texas in New York We're gonna South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan and then we're gonna Washington and DC to take back the way house We're going to find you This is G Gordon Lillian they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers internet I don't need help by Scott knows Oh I go back How did court vote today? I was married and just called raised in a aircraft suit. Like that you said, show it to a no tie. Me got there's no old-up I've cleared socks and sputs. All I have is this thing, I'm a spray paint, I'm a glove. I thought the phone found. I have been lucky so fast. Then go to put the five-over money at the Spankton Airport. All about it, and who am I to call? Oh, which makes it me, then? Get a shot of that, you! What is that? What is that? I'm gonna do a standoff again. Go! Oh, I'm gonna do a standoff. I did my left hand. You know what? Hey, I took a roll. Okay, I'll go here. I did for a hot-buck. What the hell? One forty-five is five sixty-two and man dog is two. Sorry about that schedule, myself, aren't I? No, I'm care, I'm gonna hear it. My knee will be placed now, is looking beautiful, man. It's like all, like, solid now, underneath that invisible bandage. Yeah. It's a lovely thing. I wish you could take a look at it. Five, six, seven, five, sixteen, one, no. Five, six, six, one, a 180 and T and Verizon, wireless line. Look at this tremendous response, I think we've heard from everybody twice, don't you? WQ and, hello. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good. Listen, the wildback you were talking about your mom and the doctor, maybe help your mom along? I know, that was my theory, there was somebody who asked me. Somebody else's thing, I'll tell you what, the doctor was Indian, of Indian descent that could very well be possible. Yeah. Because they don't believe that the old folks should be certain, sitting around just like a free air all the time. Well, I got a good point, don't you think? Yeah, I know, you think the same way, that's why I called you, and trying to call you for a last hour. But you didn't kill that. Exactly, but Dave, Dave, believe it, once you get to a certain right page, you know, hey, enough is enough. I'm not good for that. I'll see you at 7 o'clock, you'll pass. See you, bud. Bye. You're just tacking him in there. Maybe, let's see, I was running around vacation for sure, because the beast was trying to give us the straight dope on the slot machines there. I even know of course you would never play them because it's a fact thing. Right, I have. You were so wrong about that. I was just telling you. No, you were not. Right. You are so, in fact, we ripped you with the last while you were on vacation about that. But anyway, of course you carried it to us, but I don't know. I better be nice to you. But seriously, it's probably the little slips of the paper with a barcode. That's the new deal on slot machines. That's the way they work. Okay. All right. So I guess what they were trying to say is that the wheels don't spin like they do on a regular like a vagus, like most slot machines. Correct. They have the computerized, you know, we're waiting jumps from which I hate those, but nevertheless, it's as close as we can come. What's not the like? But like the new Niagara Falls view casino, they also date the New York casino. In fact, I'm sure in Vegas and Reno and Atlantic City, everywhere that we place the old fashion ones, who don't want to handle all those coins, right? Right. Now some people would say, oh, that's half the excitement. You know, the ground the side of the coins, it's full on me. Follow me. Right. You heard the bell go off. That's good enough. Somebody comes to hand you 15. And I'm about saying, yeah, that's good enough. So again, I'll let you smudge on your hands. In addition, which I've always wondered how much of that you know absorbs inside your system. Do you hear bloodstream? Is it? Must be the same. That's why we're all done. Maybe that's good ammunition there for the anti-caucas, you know people, although we don't have that far we've got rid of the coins. Just a nice little antiseptic piece of paper. We've got a barcode on it. You either take it to the cashier to catch it and they scan it with one of those scanners. They know how much it's worth or you're sticking to another machine. It could be the credits. What's not to like? WQAM Hello. Not there. WQAM Hello. Hey, you have the summer. Yeah, thanks to you. I have a question. Maybe you can help me. Why does anyone own a bomber? Teach me. Man, I can't go re-tiny. It's just the ugliest muscle notches, car ever. Hey man, call off the bronze jane. I guess because he can't. I don't know why would anybody want one of those scanners. You know, no one else can. Anyone almost broke me off the road yesterday. Well, well, what's the purpose of them? Why would anybody have it? I'll all want one. Why? Why? For what? Why? When you rather have like a 2004 Corvette? No? No. You wouldn't rather, no, that wasn't an offer, George. That was an offering him a car. Tom, Tom, I'm just, as an example, you wouldn't rather have like a 2004 Lamborghini? Well, yeah. Oh, so there's a Corvette is top-liver in Lamborghini's. Like a new Ferrari? Yeah. But you rather have a Hummer. Yeah, like the new Hummers. But based on what? I don't know. no no, and my the only knock on is it doesn't get good gas my 4-body time Brady can't even you I wonder if he ever did get that Cadillac he was really been out of shape about that course he still I'm sure got the one from 2 years ago from the first Super Bowl I just mentioned again the top right in the papers are one of Super Bowl 2 to the last 3 years and it was again this even though everybody forgot because of movie gate I just keep mentioned that because nobody else talks about it because this is how suppressed and repressed American public is oh my god making for us now we better repeal the first amendment we better stop everybody from saying crap you know well what what kind of public is sits out there and they take it and they take it whatever crap they threw at you man you just sit there and you laugh it up like it was vanilla ice cream you you little groundbreaking here today jack court says that build back is so good he ought to be the number one play by playboys of the Florida Marlins and they've been boring out of heights and look back to my for your all a come on now and that was you said I heard it we all heard it you can't take it back now in fact I'm going to play the tape a tough and parents I'm not I think maybe I'll edit out those one or two words the uh... take any word that I've heard it out here's a nice uh... card online in a well e card from can help her nilimogai from national and most my good close personal friend can just wanted to send my condolences to you for the last year mother even though your listeners never met your mother you made her part of your show which made her part of our life and they did consumption of you as a friend analyst from here for you if you need anything in that nice can help her nilimogai that's can they're okay my book on very sweet she that's what you do it you don't make a big shot of this you don't go around when around call up this one and that one sending uh... memos office sponsors i got to get the show is facing her day to day here right you just wait for the next time on on you got to step on that period in fact that step on better than that room to couple of pairs of shoes by the way for your dishes here and i got nice new here to the bottom line from um... what i buy new balance will save the old here for stuff thanks to our friends and grandius by the way for my beautiful new balance shoes there's a new way to put me in our subwater fair online here and here's i started to say before how did we ever survive you people are like uh... like a like a and always not is not on the day and we're probably in biggest days but you funny that you people are just keep fighting it off like a get some kind of a uh... revolutionary uh... uncle yeah like that like you're going to catch something from it man old man old man how could anybody function without the how did we i mean i tell you now see you're not old enough to know because you never lived without television i should have without it i was born again christian we didn't have tv in the house of the double comes into your house to the tv you know see that's what happened here but seriously before the days of tv we had radio we had all kinds of great radio shows and use your imagination but how the hell did we ever survive without tv and it's the same thing without the internet i want to see a thing about my is need to be on this you know make a mistake out of it but i look on here i get some good information i sprayed it that's uh... it's uh... doing it you know this is lovely right and that i want you want to find on there right google just google that's right google and do it or whatever and i'm care what you say about the like sorry like mylexia pop up things i'm not the one that had a problem who did i'll probably hear other but error can't have a problem everything okay all i should say that because you got a work with the next couple of shows uh... find a way great job here at the thing about looking at on the home page on the aradju's dot com look at the clever way in fact he's got a color code of the holdio so are scheduled monday's george life on paper by two days new life from somewhere when this got the odial air and of course he's also got the anastores new life from somewhere and out of touch with self-loat of there you go the time is you come out of touch i'll do i do what's going on i'm sure that al frank and broadcasting in the or and uh... for out in the land of he actually is going to come on i'm sure there'll be in touch with what's going on not yeah i've got to come down there and kick the assassin at a catch off the see it what the thing about was here is that people that have heard of online in the land since the new stuff can go to the do evics and there's no more big rack and big d and big allah uh... it's uh... like listening to milk curdle is what i'm hearing will see keep up to you but i'll be the keep shuffling that back shuffling that back that's what they do the best of it or two channel shuffling that back by the way don't come running west when you lose your license but just i just mention that in passing as a close personal friend not didn't give a civility car from people's are what's the most important issue on next in this year's election that's our poll card today 855 votes not to bad getting rid of bush to every 96 day constant on that man a rack 149 freedom of speech fifty six separate and church in state 55 i don't give a shuffling about anything forty five health care thirty nine uh... integrity thirty six you won't find any of that taxes thirty three decriminalization of pot 21 everything else small but they've don't forget build back the new bus you're flooring our lunch starts tomorrow bye bye your