Oh, blows, and sounded a bell. Oh, yeah. This is Joey Butterforka. Butterforka's complete auto body with reminds of T-O-Lin that I'm still open for business. And ready to service you in many different ways. We'll paint your car while you wait. And now why not a body shop can work here that? Not to mention, you can wait upstairs and my question will point it virtual. Now, yes, you're right, it's called complete auto body. A parent remember that I still have the Joey Coco Pops Sweet 16 special. Just bring your daughter down to the shop for anybody who work they may need. And I'll treat them to a free pizza and a ride in my bowl. And for those of you that are concerned about their vision, there's a few comforting words from my loving wife, Mary Jo. Joey didn't do not, the bitch out of me. So if you're one mean a smoke, a damage instrument on your car, just call 1-800-1. I ain't to luck. That's 1-800-1. I ain't do not. Hey. Spence of power manure. Puppers over this performance by the dolphin. Absolutely. We should just play that the whole 3 and a half hours, you know it. All right. It'll do it up till 2 o'clock. What carrots was in there this morning? Be teaching me, oh come on. Just once for us to do a dolphin show, do a beige dolphin show for our 3 and a half whatever you're on. Go for it. No. Why do we want to do that? I could see one. He just doesn't get it. He just don't get it. Just like they don't get the fact that not all of me are Rogers audiences. This is the Stearnshire one. Fortunately, which we wish they did. But also not, we got a very large person to have our audience who remember when our dolphins, including me. And number two, we also have a bunch of people that don't care about football. Or the NFL or sports in general, all of these things. How do you like that? All of these things. I don't know how to do it. I'll see. That's right because I've nothing to do with sports. I forgot that. That Clarence is just a sports nerd. He's just a hurricane or that's all he lever beats. Very sad. And he's kind of slipped this last week with that great performance on my check last week. Kind of slipped several notches down the ladder. This, you got a lot of work to do. Bad news right off the bat. We don't want to start on a bad note. In fact, how about those dolphins? That's a better note. We will take all and any calls today. Bashing that off and Zodermek clearance happy. And it'll make me happy too because that was my favorite moment of the game was what I still. I still can't believe that I have it on tape. I better go and watch it again. When Fieler put the ball on. Ground when he lateral it now you got to feel feel for Fieler right. Because the offensive lines of his offensive is a kid. They got no protection. That's kind of like, okay guys, come on in or just nail a rash. You know, score of the amazing nine points. Yeah. That's pretty heavy duty for them. So four games I believe it's 29 points in my right is that the correct total 29 points in four games. That's a touchdown a game baby. Oh, it's not to like doing great. But when he tried to lateral or whatever he was trying to do. Just his last bubble there just kind of put it on the ground. That was a beautiful thing. What did I tell you about Fieler and Fieler and Fieler and all that crap? I don't understand how come nobody got fired yet. Is that possible? And I'm out of touch. I don't loop. Aren't you shocked that if the ones that era continues something we don't know there must be something going on it hasn't gotten an on-stia. But it's got to be what what tells that. We're back to that crap again. What is that on your end or mine? To talk about. No, it's on my end that phone thing. Anyway, here's the bad news. Psycho star Janet Lee dies at 77. Oh my god. Nobody don't like Janet Lee right? What you call her a psycho. Because she's dead and she can't fight back. Hollywood movie star Janet Lee. That's known as the Slashr victim in the 60 Alfred Hitchcock thriller cycle has died. Explosions for a daughter actor is Jamie Lee. Criticid yesterday. Today. Jamie Lee died peacefully in her home Sunday afternoon. Let me leave. Is that what I said? Jamie Lee is dead. Boy, they're dropping like flies. It's great leading to our cold today, you know? Janet Lee. That's what I said. I saw that gaslight. The night no Charles boy, either peacefully died in her home Sunday afternoon. Said the spokeswoman, Heidi Shafer. Lee 77 died under Beverly Hills home surrounded by daughters Jamie Lee and Kelly Curtis. And her fourth husband Robert Branch, Shafer said. Lee had been battling vascularitis and inflammation to blood vessels for a year. What the hell is vascularitis? Didn't you just say it? It's an inflammation to blood vessel. It's a line of a herd of that. Lee married Brent 1960 to after lobby emerged to like the curly Curtis. Better an after Jim. Sorry. Well, you are just out of control. That's a copy. You're long battle man. Oh man. Just 10 a minute ahead with that baseball bat in the corner. There we'd please Josh. God. And if I had just laid back and let you do it today, you sound like you're all wound up. I'm all wound up. Yeah. I don't know anymore. And it isn't a cycle. Lee appeared in other films such as the mentoring candidate by by birdie. Little women toward a touch of evil. More recently, she appeared in Halloween age 20, 20 years later. Oh, that's right. That was the one with the what's his name. Josh, you're a heartnut. Okay. With daughter Jamie Lee. Lee had requested that all donations are named made of the motion picture and television foundation with which she had been actively involved. Lee's publicist John Fraser said the actress served on the board and directors for the fund which provides healthcare medical treatment to those who work in the entertainment industry. She was not only a legendary actress, but she was also an author of a humanitarian Fraser said. Nobody didn't like gently. Especially what she got slashed there. This is a very famous for that. We'll be choosing it for about how many minutes for how many seconds? I'm going to be. Yeah. She went to the bait's motel and I was the end of her. Anyway, so generally is dead. We're not going to put her on our poll this today because she's going to get lots and lots who's just there on CNN just now. We're going to talk about it every day just to make sure you don't forget. Okay. Here's the poll results from Mon Friday. What's your take on the first presidential debate? 50,000 and 50 votes. Carry one big, 1978, 64.8% carry one by a bit, 316. You put that's 10.3. You put those two together, got over 75%. Actually, that's not one of the, but CNN did another instant poll online. Will Blitz Creek yesterday? Or over the weekend. Do you want to result, wise? I give up. Carry 93% both seven. Colby's. You see the bandwagon effect the way it works? Good. In other words, the people are too stupid to figure out who really wanted who is coherent and who is actually articulate. They owe everybody else's carry one so they must be right. Which of course they are. But I mean, it's amazing. Anyway, I didn't watch 179. 5.8%. The format made a useless 165.4% which is totally wrong. They both sucked 126.1% of sour, sour negative. Those people. Bush won big 95.1% of people who are on heavy hallucinogens. I don't give a Schmidt 87.2.8% Bush won by a bit. Sure he did 54.17%. So he added the carry numbers together more than 75% and you got the Bush numbers together. Got 4.8%. Pretty close. Just kind of like the adult and pay could game will be next Sunday. And it was a draw only 51.6%. We're still putting up the safe. It was a draw. They probably couldn't even draw a picture of it. Now let's see. We can't actually do things in order today. Honey, like that. We're not like so stressed and pressed for time. Like we usually are. In fact, look at that schedule. We got today. Mad Dogga 2. The hopper is back and 4. Come and say, go to New York with a horse racing and plunging his guts out. Geldy, who's on the payroll. So as well make him do something. He's doing a show at Smokey Bones at 7 tonight. You'll get my. Oh, although they're 80k. 10. So I guess we got the big. Oh, some days certain days. And then we got the. Another days. And that's another clock slot. As they try to like make a make him work for a supper. Jacqueline LaValle is on our B.D. curtain today. Visit level. I have no idea really. Really? So you're. I think it's level. Jacqueline I'll level with the level with me. She was born December 9, 1974, which makes her. Bob, third man. December. In Beverly Hills. Let's see. She's been in the pink panther 2005 post production. Ms. Conceania. They also still hasn't come out. She was in a Rod steel 0014. You only live until you die. Click the body beautiful. Women with an Island of Freaky. A distance from beyond. Channel Island girls wild desire. The killer eye. The black sea. She's also known as. Sarah St. James and also known as Andy McPherson. She goes by a lot of names. If he does a lot of things. The killer. See Black sea. Two 13. The key to sex. The play a play. The play. The play. The play. The play. Police call. Truth. First man. Class. Captain camera. Click. Ram's男. Feels bitter. toddler. Merlot. A look I think. Chris.ذا is 할�man. Ten. football fan and force dumped did you know that no how do you like that you learn something every day so she was all over the place there she is jackland level pretty nice picture they're pretty amazing yes you've worn your kiss yes she really is at any rate just moving right along here's all and more bad news from a rack i just mentioned this in passing we got to do both breaks right this half-hawrius please say yes you're okay are you eating already you're what cubers say what from how he oh thanks to how he's been always profusely there on four forty one there somewhere there what's he addressed over twenty four thirty south state road seven how is his great the best bacon and town of estale kind of good stuff bomb lastly more than a banged day how do you like that oh my god two bomb last year central banged dead today already killing at least fourteen people of owning ninety more while u.s. in a raki forces pursued there are offensive against rebel stronghold elsewhere in the country i'll be damn thought that uh... president they told us things are going just fine all where far in a rack everything was under control they're gonna have those wonderful freedom of credit elections in january gonna be great eighteen to eleven at five sixty w qm guaranteed mortgage bankers are prepared to help you meet all your financing needs if you're first time home by or if you're refinancing and taking cash out their your best choice by far guaranteed mortgage bankers are committed to excellent customer it's not only their promise it is their guaranteed to you call him today toll free at one eight hundred seven three four sixty sixteen because at guaranteed mortgage bankers are golders to build a lifelong relationship with their customers which is exactly what they did with a couple of moved here from New Jersey hadn't started their new jobs yet but found a house they fell in love with the couple hadn't been south for more than a week they had very little money to put down wanted a closing just ten days in guess what guaranteed mortgage brokers was able to secure the buyers needs in order to close on time they were able to give them ninety five percent financing at the unbelievable rate on bailing off five point ninety five percent and listen this guaranteed mortgage bankers since all other clients on a fabulous seven-night cruise which is their way of saying thank you for choosing them here on teed mortgage bankers no loans are two bigger two small with a bad credit could credit or the worst whatever the work with it to get you to loan you need here on teed mortgage bankers column two day one eight hundred seven three four sixty sixteen that's one eight hundred seven three four sixty six sixteen mortgage bankers mortings in me dig and clock no no then he is a dog oh welcome to another hilarious episode of George Bush theater think you're like rain without the mask in George plays rainman what were you doing my room uh i believe right the grain what were you doing in my room i don't know if you don't know what you were doing in my room and uh and uh we're noises well those noises are none of your business you understand that i understand now uh what the full book got stuck back like an idiot go to sleep um go to sleep stay tuned for the next George Bush theater where George plays forest go to lunch George ten forty eight five sixty wcum here's our poll that we need some help with this one because i only put three names under the start but just to get something going who best fits this description a celebrity who's death was least noted okay we got Carol O'Connor let's see what we got we got some votes on there already eight for Carol O'Connor five from our land brando and one four cia crews uh i mean wouldn't you have thought that there would be a national day of mourning for cia crews practically was Carol O'Connor i mean he just uh i'm sorry but there used to be when somebody famous died it was like uh you know they went on and on day after day and it was like a big deal at least at least you honor the memory of what they did you know the pendant who it is like bob hope i think they're still carrying on well he's your ain't gonna qualify for this book oh exactly god talk about much you do about nothing or at any rate so that's the a poll question plus like i said if you want to like vent about the dolphins uh yeah parents will make him happy if you want to bitch and belly what are we gonna do what are we gonna do pretty sad anyway uh that debate victory by uh john kary is really turned the old ass around right with the solid majority of voters concluding that john kary outperform w in the first presidential baton Thursday the president's lead the race for the white house has evaporated accordingly his newsweek pool kary is about 47 percent 45 or bush i notice now it's 49 46 as they did more appalling over the weekend now he's three points ahead i think like that i like it mmm there goes the spaceship now why do we care about that it's uh it's it's a money thing it's a contest right that's why well what the hell is that all about i thought this was like uh more exploration of space for good altruistic purposes this is a freaking contest to see how this guy gets a million dollars right what kind of baloney is that well then we can all take a ride on it yeah sure yeah you you you first okay and even yeah you really need some doggy dollars get the whole to your pill man way to please you are just out of control man and what what was the coffee from your drink and also the uh he right here the court vp on a corner man they put the p and vp coffee this morning i just thought they're for gas they had free coffee yeah guy was walking around saying hey we'd like some free coffee here's it and they give you the big cup oh we did you summon that i did boy did i get some president bush and john carry our about even in the latest pulled by the right wing CNN USA Gallup Paul released yesterday the poll shows carry in bush tide at 49% each among likely voters among registered voters bush 49 carry 47 and Ralphnader's down to like less than 1% because nobody with the IQ larger than 3 is and today's the last day to register to vote by the way we should mention actually yes you should and the good news is is that in the swing states including Florida there's been a last minute surge i mean ziggins of people are registering to vote because they realize that today better get with it right right interesting and the gallop pulled taken before the debate he was bush was eight points ahead eight points ahead and all of a sudden it's even Stephen because America finally had a chance to look at mood mood like that and that was supposed to be on a strong suit on foreign policy or a fighting terrorism and they were in Iraq and all of these other things yeah now this right it when they have the debate on domestic issues like uh the economy and stem cell research and the woodman's right to choose all these things uh it's really going to be this brought on of course tomorrow night john carry i mean john Edwards whatever hell's name it's see got me doing it john Edwards is going to slice up dictany tomorrow he's just going to always going to do a say how about in the whole time just going to keep repeating it over and over again okay let's get to more names for this poll plus as i said oh yeah here's the ideal a record surge of potential new voters to swamp boards of election from Pennsylvania to Oregon as the biggest of the crucial swing states retreregistration deadlines today and a micomor dbd uh fair and high land loving comes out tomorrow y'all to berp fifth is tomorrow robin elections officials have to add have added to add staff and equipment push well beyond budgets and work around a clock to process the registration remember that song by bill healing the comments work around a clock no in my company county Pennsylvania election staff is very working nights and weekend since the week before labor day to process the crash of registrations today's the deadline for registering new voters in Pennsylvania Ohio Michigan Florida and 12 other states as election workers will go on mandatory overtime to chip away at the thousands of forms that we're arriving daily they're pouring in the vote with so close four years ago people are not thinking hey maybe my vote like council Joseph pass a well a director of voter services in my company county l-girl one Pennsylvania by 25,000 votes in 2000 and officials across the country report similar patterns everything we're seeing is that there's been a tremendous increase in voter registrations have came as well personally legal women voters in the reason being that there's a tremendous disemotent in the land if it gets my drift people are fired up and pissed off WQAM hello hi I'm in West Palm I'm getting a Spanish language station in the background with you guys for the last two days do you know anything about it no I don't you mean $2 cranked up one of those stations to interfere with us now is that it I don't know I mean sounds like a county pink old plot to me yeah I've heard that from anybody else not yet I noticed it like there's the or Friday during Hank show right and I thought it was a contemporary little situation and then it's it's still doing it right here I hear Spanish music well make it kind of tough to listen because it's a good idea wow probably cheap channel cranked up something on our on our frequency well thanks to the bad news all right sorry thank you by the Theresa LePore for us okay we will thanks bye sorry you're like that there you go again just what we think we got everything going right could help crank up one of those stations remember when I was a WNWS 100 years ago we had the same problem and cranked up one of those 80s sitting what you know that's pretty interesting did I just have a story under the name of the electricity shortage on the island down there yes indeed although you know joke about clear channel but you know they've got a lot of Spanish language stations now as you know yeah that could be maybe they're interfering intentionally try to like an octopus down ain't gonna work okay David Ross, P.D. Bolger, Rotterwolf, Pink not that they would do anything like that no they sure wouldn't they're too ethical as we know WQA and hello what was it sorry oh when you were gonna tell me I thought you were gonna interpret for me maybe it was an espionale right he's the guy that's got cranked it up maybe he's the crank WQA and hello okay sir something that I actually don't think anybody has raised in the debate if I may was bushings insistence on on multilateral thought with Korea and I was wondering that if that was such a failure with Iraq what was it so important to do that with Korea and why was it such a stupid idea to do one on one like you know is it completely inconsistent with one part of the world versus another and I wonder if it was a very very very pretty much a manager to rely just leave cutemars and slackies under a lot of stress now that your husband's been losing anybody comments on that because it was really a hallmark of his career policy for pursue multilateral and he's completely rejected that elsewhere in the world well he's feeling a little eel these days okay thanks Palli we don't want to like you to like Paul Brady we're here today please five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only Verizon singular wireless lines you know what I'm saying yeah you do what do you think you ain't like and the ballman there in the world's color thanks Joe WQM hello you always liked that you're Wayne's a yes sir hey new how are you doing today all right our team's often the joke man isn't something the laugh of thought I got one request from you yeah you could play the thoughts and songs for me no problem thanks a lot but you that was coming I mean yeah I mean you knew that was coming I just don't understand these people which often so the the doctor there's only one that we uh oh I got to let's play the real one what do you have you got to be good for some last here we go yeah that's enough of that crap they're an embarrassment they're humiliating they're degrading there's the pathetic would be an understatement and yet they seem to be like frozen you know I mean like they're in Wayne is in suspended animation you don't know what an or Schmidt read uh forty bananas you don't know what to do and and even even a casual observer even George that despises the whole deal could have told you before the season that they got no quarterback that they were gonna stink like crazy that the coach was a joke the one-step arrow was a nightmare even you could have told him that that's right had hundreds of people like you know there's Wayne like a pick in the potmarks out of his puts or whatever he's doing man it is sad 10 56 at five 60 well of course some people think it's sad some of us think it's okay when he can write down it they haven't done it for a long time why you need to shop at 1-800 mattress when the old mattress is worn out and I want to turn even more that a mattress is prior prior to carry right now silly posture peed if the number one branded mattress is called 1-800 mattress 2 day and you get factoryed rent prices on all silly posture pedics when you call 1-800 mattress you get same data delivery all across town by calling 1-800 mattress you choose from the deepest and widest selection ceiling bedding all available for same data delivery and as always you still get to pick the date and time that to our window for delivery to fit your schedule and don't forget that on my preshors up on time 99.7% of the time that on my first their rank number one a customer satisfaction they were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torture excellence award all the smart folks and even the mediocre ones are making that call because they know they can waste a lot of gas time and effort slup in the bedding and apartments to get ripped off or the other alternative is just to sit there on their fat ass and make the one easy call the smartest piece of shopping you'll ever do just call 1-800 mattress to be knuckin on your door no time at all check them on the web if you like mattress dot com but please make that phone call you'll never go bed shopping again in those bedding and apartments to us 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES you want a set to be a rushcase it's crucibly on 560 Q-A-M fraud you're not oh my god I'm not dying on your hands Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team they club the ball from gold ago like new ones ever seen they're on the ground that's where they'll stay they're never in control and when you say Miami you're talking toilet holders there the Miami doll funds Miami doll funds Miami doll funds number how many jeans and a week 32 Miami doll funds Miami doll funds don't bet on them you'll always lose they don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to put them day in their jucks then they would run much faster and even into feet when we go to the stadium we'll see Miami and there the Miami doll funds Miami doll funds Miami doll funds number how many jeans and a week 32 Miami doll funds Miami doll funds the team that hasn't got a clue Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fence just 50,000 bulls sitting in the stands they watch the game and all the two is mone and gripe and bitch I wonder how joe I've got to be so bad in rich and there the Miami doll funds Miami doll funds Miami doll funds number how many jeans and a week I'm third man Miami doll funds Miami doll funds I hear the crowd begin to boo the dolphins have great feet look that quarter backs that you run down the field and he will go up past over you boy I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised and there the Miami doll funds Miami doll funds Miami doll funds number how many jeans and a week 32 Miami doll funds Miami doll funds it's a fake call his signals and he brews are you sure the dolphins have no defense and their offenses at joke high George Bush eating pretzels you know they're gonna show they're always just a point you when they're in a playoff race with fewer points than park marks on high zingas of the way boys and there the Miami doll funds Miami doll funds Miami doll funds number all what the hell 32 Miami doll funds Miami doll funds Miami doll funds Miami doll funds now there's room oh 114 5 60 WQM happy Monday today don't get all bit out of shape okay get used to it what's wrong with the perfect sees not everybody can do that right i'm thinking it and 16 i thought myself that the Arizona might be the choice down their schedule some of they might be able to beat and there was on a whip New Orleans what was the 3410 by the way a man of mistake in Josh court should have corrected me the dolphin elephant field roll out they've scored 32 points not 29 was 32 is what they've scored in four games so that's eight points a game on average well that's the big time right that's a touchdown and there really is no way to get the other point but the touchdown and other extra point well i could go like for two right right every game a touchdown and two point or every game just because they know that's not gonna get no more chances that's really pathetic though once proud and mighty franchise has been turned up here instant kaka how wants that is still there just beats the hell out of me he's just hopeless put together real dog of a team but nevertheless i don't want to dwell on that it'll make clearance happy though well we gotta get some other names for this poll for this list these people are not gonna like do dolphins for four hours like clearance wanted at little sports nerd who best fits this description a celebrity who's death was least noted we did the least trying and crying when they died so far we got as the three names that i put on here because all these other people want to talk about you know one 70 votes kerala counter 44 marlin brando 15 and cilia crews only 11 for porcilia well let's put a look at that spaceship once they're seeds in second x prize flight aren't you excited about that or what yeah yeah yeah big deal line nine q a m hello two hard men that's a good one good choice thank you okay no that that's a good choice that's what I want to change my vote we love bill hard and he did and he you know damn crazy bitch yeah two better she and love us do it crazy coke that poor i'm sure that we got uh yeah we do good by the heart man bring did you in and you will really good guy that had so much more to give but you've carried a psychotic bitch the drink of finger got in his but the good news is that cheap blue herself away because everybody knows that in LA they let put her is what they're very good another last her husband thanks cilia psycho bit why who had a stupid thing like brim and news radio was a main show except that you were there and some characters from the sips and lost their balls and one more that is your life with it lasted long but she left you no choice good night joy the floor that you made of from such films as hard and I read and I cleared a room on hands again and honey I just blew your head off now line up let's get rid of she said anyway sorry say that I'm falling for the case it's not the reason you let any way and this sucks that she died because of your psychotic wife with that stupid thing like brim and the sips in will never be the same again and I saw like just a piece of ice on the rise it's a good thing she said does not make sense that bitch you have for a while you know we really have to do something about all these words that we have to keep deleting here it's not acceptable is what it is you know it is acceptable yeah every bit that I play it's you know we got to dump something in there because uh some uh cool comes in there or like a damn or you know and then we play these things for how many years now but good man oh yeah well joy says you've had to listen you can't say that we're peeing in our pants that's why we put on Howard Stern because we're so a scared I just somewhere there's like inconsistency in there you know I mean yeah I just don't get it but moving right along come to QA and hello yes sir did you discuss uh with just Scalia said last week about he was at a speech yeah about you're trying to about orgies yeah yeah the story of thanks come to QA and hello yeah hello yes sir Neil yes about bon on this very good that was the best I miss it's a boring what's better than a live radio show every morning on TV well just about anything but that hasn't stopped him as NBC from teeming up with radios original bad boy who now looks like an nasty old lady let's have a very I miss tell I didn't turn this copy so I guess every morning see I miss listen to a tape of other people's carony bits live on the air I did a hammer to buy the windows monthly there's a lot of questions played I can see his wild behind the scenes at it I'm a man you're a waller's cookbook and tune I get me some fresh coffee or your fire I miss he's irreverent so I wants to deal with the poll stop it though I want to deal with his water game please in coherent I'll tell you what that there's a number of things but what does it I don't read he's I miss 10 he's going on and he's only on MSNBC a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of am radio stations nobody listens to I'm not something I get some fresh jingles it's I miss a dead man the chair man he to best and I'll tell you I don't know who's the most annoying whether it's a brother Fred on the ranch or whether it's a boat didly needle saying crap over and over again it's just when you think I would all be a and what's your name uh Bernard Castro oh press the pushes good and win president pushes good and win president pushes good and win over your dead bodyburner dead how do you like that which heater WQM hello you know what I hope John Edwards does and the debate with Cheney is he point is that they've been attacking Kerry for intelligence cuts and defense cuts during the early mid 90s Dick Cheney when he was secretary of defense was calling for his 30% spending in defense yeah by 1996 because of the peace dividend and the cold war was over and Cheney was saying when the Democrats controlled Congress when he was secretary of defense he was complaining about all the military spending in the F-14s and the B-2 bombers they didn't need and now the same clown is Coro Coro cloned on clown as attacking Kerry for cut in defense and he was called for even bigger cuts than John Kerry just right palace Edward is going to slice him to Smith Arena in tomorrow he has to man because Kerry kind of let he didn't go after bush on certain things most notably that 87 billion with Kerry did vote for the first bill and all the Republicans in the Senate except one voted against the first vote for the 87 billion yeah but no they don't have when you only have a 30 second report all how much are you going to say you know he gave I thought he gave a really good answer about how you made a may have missed spoken about his vote he made a mistake on how he spoke about the war but bush is the one who started and made it to rack what's worse that was in the deadline he invaded he ended to I mean bush rushing to war is for the proof that he sent them there without the body armor to begin with he covered that he did a good job on it all right now have a great take palacam down a little bit a little bit too hyper for a monday now I realize the dolphins lost and in addition which Kerry I mean look at all the ground he made up with the one debate just in the one debate it was a complete turnaround back to him in just a couple of days so goes to sure there are a few people out there that got an IQ larger than their tonia things are starting to turn a little bit as the warmscourms this guy won $10 million for this the x prize after a second flight well what do you do aren't you excited about that yeah yeah did he cure cancer did he cure like a leukemia all right all these things are not important to that oh wait off this bird he went up real high and real fast uh if you want to get up real high and we get real high real fast just go to the bpi I guess get some in a free coffee oh man 11 13 at five 60 q and you want to know more about following a low carb diet to want the best tasting largest selection delicious low carb foods at the best price then here's the story you're going to follow the love with the lights of us booker with your starting or restarting any of the low carb vansy and kids the sugarbusters the south beach any of these the lights of us booker continues to be the number one low carb store in the entire south Florida area we know that you can shop your local grocery store but if you want a better selection if you want to be able to try sample anything in the story before you buy it and if you want do business with people that understand low carb dieting inside and out this is the place you're going to love shopping like i said the lights of us booker your low carb headquarters you'll find over 1200 great products like carbolite ice cream breads pasta chocolates brownies cookies and lots more the lights is open every day seven days week from ten to ten you'll find them on the northeast corner of glazed in four forty one right next to Boston market or column tool free at one eight seven seven low carb LWCAR beer on web low carb dot com don't forget there's only one but what a story it is the licensed bulk of your official atkins retail seven you're essential me or Roger five six six and a half of an hour rozs But don't does the entire North Wards with the name That they they give him to the Black Gaze Today they get so afro To look for names at the drugstore You bought the door of Endor, a cream bar, Sincend offer it's dead, men etc Nobody does it, no blames, And accuser makes no nosy bull, Problems of the secret sky, Motion won't drink, raising that tag of that Played decks, nothing makes that tag If they can't hide, no my left ass The color gerrit also rises with the first set, Holy young night will try a minute big sin, Bell, by the dumbar she dead bad just sell Sip a listen, don't be a nuisance And what we should want is with the names That they they give him to the Black Gaze Today they think it's all afro To look for names at the drugstore You, you, you, you Why do they think it's black To keep their kids closed on day With all the names that they'll find in At the corner of the wall, cream I think they're My favorite, Stuff the fan, my favorite one of all I didn't want to step on it, It's plexico burst the Pittsburgh Steelers, Plexico, yeah, You, where you get his gas? No, Plexico, Plexico, I mean what is that? Plexico burst, what kind of a name is that? I mean I am hip or x-ray hip or I be hip or whatever That was pretty good, But Plexico, I mean give me a break, Cracker, please. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60, Only Verizon's singular wireless line. See, Phil Hartman, That was exactly right, That was perfect, That was so good, it was scary And did, Because that is the definitive kind of answer for the poll We're asking, Which, who best bet this description is Celebrity who death was least noted In other words, they died like, You know, nobody even paid any attention They didn't give a big song to dance like Bob Freak and Hope. WQA and Hello. Jantey and Frankie Lyman, Pumpulfon there. Hahaha. Wow, I guess that. We're not putting no Frankie Lyman. Jan, very good one, No from Jan and Dean. They said, Off key real well for a long time, All I'm a surfing song, Ripped off all the Brian Wilson's music. Jan, very, I like that. Now, wasn't he, see, I get them confused. Was he the one that was like kind of a vegetable after that Corvette wreck years ago? I don't know. Yeah, he was. You better get your Jan and Dean straight, Not in the river. I'm going to come near your ass. WQA and Hello. Hello. Yes sir. The only one John can be. So there's another actually perfect. Thanks, Fally. John can be. Too much candy for John. He would know, but, you know, he was Canadian. That's right. Did you know that? Of course, that's the TV. All the SET guys are. I think we're going to do that tomorrow. I like that fool. Your favorite Canadian celebrity of all time. Performer celebrity any cut. Right. Anybody. Singer, musician. Right. Besides Jan, Marie and the SET. We do. Hey, let's nobody's perfect. Hey. What? We got a lot of stress. We got no hockey going on. Sam it. Leafs TV's got a lot of fish and shows on there now. And by the way, I can mention now. It's just all done because I see that the these pot fans is hosting on the Fox sports or whatever it is. Instead of the Panther games, which there aren't any, he's hosting this thing with a show on the greatest games of Panthers. The news pop fan. Well, now that Remerson Columbus and safely escape from it, Denise, I want the whole world that I know how much Remer hated him like poison and wishes something evil would happen to a pop fan. I just just passing that a lot. Couldn't say it all these years, you know. But now I can safely say that. Hey, Danny, Denise, you dumb frog. Remember, H.U. like poison. Which is that somebody would poison your smoked meat. WQA and hello. Hey there. How you doing? Just fine. I want to put the real mohower down the pole. Oh, the real mohower. The real one. Okay, I suppose to. And also we're in the redlands and we're getting the Spanish radio feedback on our radio too. Oh, no. I'm 560, huh? Yes sir. And how bad is it? Pretty bad. Really? Yeah. Well, how come our students in your in-staff hasn't been aware of this? Well, I don't know why your student and your in-staff hasn't been aware of it. But I want to make them aware of it. On freaking believable. Well, thanks for the bad news. Okay. And get rid of how do you do to you and get carry in there. All right. Right. Fevercially. Don't forget that he's last day to register. Don't be screwing around. Okay. Get rid of it. Drag a few dark folks with your wide around it. So that's the bad news now. This is like this. All over again. How about how about Lucille Ball? There you go. What about her? Did they? Yeah, they did. They were. They're the long time. They did. They deserve it, mind you. No, no. But you're right. I'm just checking. What about Desi R. Nes? Now, there's one that they did not. The inventor of the sitcom, the very early black guy. Right. That three stage set that he designed the bubble. What is that my phone in the other room is ringing off the hook? I picked during the break I went out there and there's a message from a place that wanted a key to Thanksgiving dinner, which I'm not the least but interested. You do understand Thanksgiving's next Monday, Canadian Thanksgiving? Y'all. And they're just starting to get just like Florida now. It all is unsolicited and calls and all the other crack going on. The facts is I finally stopped because you have to, it took about 15 different times. What's that? Do you hear that? No. What? There are just all kinds of phones. We're not. We're not. The facts is from the facts machine. We got Alec Guinness. That's a good one. And Ray Charles from John and South Carolina. Oh, and Ray Charles, my god, they gave that a look in a Schmere poor Ray. Ray Charles, I mean, what I say? Chauja? Ray Charles was so great for so long. Not a, and an honor for that. See, we got something an honor of just about anybody. We got, you know, when is light? And, no, you're gonna feel it behaving. You know it? Here it is, time is so white. He's a hockey-haha. You picked the white one, baby. Ha ha ha ha. He's a hockey-haha. He's a hockey-haha. He's gonna be one, right? And you'll catch a bit tradable. And they got no butto-ball. You picked the white one, baby. Ha ha ha. You catch! You catch! No white one, baby. You know when is light? You just got the face and... You catch! No white one, baby. Ha ha ha. You catch the white one, yeah. Ha ha ha. He's gonna be cleanly, but boner-boe. Very uncovable and lovely, full-a-boe. You picked the white one, baby. Uh-huh. Your thing's a real Roger's. Recycling by subjects. You A-A. E-A-A. You... ...in a win... ...de-air-w-i. As you see, K-S. ...who-a-all... ...who-a-all... ...who-a-all... ...who-a-all... ...willao. We're about 10 years to late. Yeah, back when things were great. Places Pours<|el|> decrees, OK, 되o! 6, 19, 19, 19, right? 11, 17, 19, 19, 19, 19! 11, 2018. 11, 2018. 11 with some fish, 16, 19, 21, mcx 11. 14. 18. And all that great news is that you could change your mind Like a whistin' from God, no so close Don't bring down the snow I'm a thundish playboy, oh, a season for a hoodies That brandy wants a cutie, there was a land It's for a set, and you used a stick from love And the f**kings were smashing, the beers try to catch him But nothing quite feels right since 2019 The t-t-t-j-y-bother The t-t-j-y-bother You know, my ryef's, and with deeps They beat the pants up, and deeps We still had some users, but also there was wezer away And so deeps, we hoggins, and she was good for goggins I wonder if she survived 2019-1995 It's 1130-560 WDQN, which used to be able to hear And they'd be brawled and now evidently, and even in Palm Beach And that kind of like disconcerting news Because I've been through this before, and when he cranks up those monsters, man We're like a half a million watts, it's just, you know, not that we don't have enough signal problems already So anybody, huh? What do you can do? So is anybody come rushing in there saying, oh, do you? We got a signal problem, what's it all about? No? I'm sorry, I thought that was a rhetorical question And fix it hasn't come back in here to fix the fact Machine has been broken down here on your end and the full line for days and days No? No, oh brother, what a freaking placement Let's have some more meetings, what do you say, okay? We don't want to get anything fixed or get things going Or get people our money on time, but let's just have some more meetings Alex says how about Jolly Ritter John Ritter is a good choice, even though I couldn't stand John Ritter, but that's, that's what up your alley I don't know, I thought they made kind of a big sum of stuff about that Okay, okay, but that's what I said, but nevertheless Okay, they should add like a John Ritter week, everybody should add a week off from work Including the dolphins, they've taken four weeks off, what are they going to start? Okay, 158 votes, poll question, who bets bet, bets fit to the description So everybody who's dead was least noted, Carol O'Connor 72, Marlon Brando 22 See that cruise 18, Phil Hartman 17, how are the real one, 11? Not any de-emotainer, absolutely John can't be seven, elegant as five, Jan Barry five Rachel's one and does your nose he's got the big Come on now, babaloo, babaloo, what's wrong with you people? And kind of no rush, mum is speaking that Yeah, fuck, you know why do people call me in the middle of my show when they know that I'm on the year? I mean, how is it possible be so stupid? Maybe they don't know, no they they do know they should know I'm talking about like my financial advisor right on there who like, oh brother What what is wrong with these people? I'm on the year, do want to show okay Bill, I'm on till two o'clock like every day just about Now that the summer is over, you silly goose you, man, what is I just don't understand people? I don't know Fox News pulls reporters item with fake carry quotes, see this is Fox News for you, unfair unbalanced, absolutely un-feely-able Fox News apologized Friday for posting phony quotes from Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on its website Carl Cameron A fox reporter who covers the Kerry campaign wrote an item that looked like a news story With made up Kerry quotes that Paul Shurray Fox spokesman, the item was not intended to be posted on the site Rye Carl made a stupid mistake which he regret sure said Friday night and he's been reprimanded for his lives in judgment They've portented humor. The phony item posted early Friday right in part, rallying supporters in Tampa Friday Kerry played up his performance in Thursday nights debate in which many observers agreed The message was that Senator outperform the president didn't mind nails and cuticles look right What a good debate Kerry said Friday With a foreign policy debate in the history books, Kerry hopes to keep the pressure on on the sense of traction going All these are made up. A.C. Hill step up attacks on the president the next few days And pivot somewhat to the domestic agenda with a focus on women and abortion rights It's about the Supreme Court women should like me. I do manicures Kerry said The item also quoted Kerry as saying of himself and president Bush I'm Metro Sechall. He's a cowboy After withdrawing the item, Fox posted the statement on its website Apologizing for the error it said the item was based on a report as partial script that have been written in just in should not have been posted or broadcast We regret the error which occurred because of fatigue and bad judgment not malice Oh certainly there'd be no malice from Fox news. No, no camera has been a political reporter for Fox since 1996 asked about the incident Kerry spokesman David Wade said America would be stronger if only George Bush could have missed his mistakes as easily Oh, how do you like that? Here's a thing from move on dot org Do you get this? I get everything. Move on pack members and sunrise plantation and tamarack are invited to Marnight The cheer on john it words as he takes on dick Cheney But there's a lot of flag there to slice into about 280 pounds of it I bet in device presidential debate and learn what we can do on the ground to help beat the Bush Cheney ticket From our night 8 p.m. it's got Hodges house. I don't know if I want to give this out on the ear Do I? I don't know why not It's got Hodges house I don't know Well if you're moving on that or personally I'm not you're going to get that anyway I just don't feel comfortable giving up tired dresses and phone numbers I mean even though it's on the web, you know it's on the move on dot org They're very reputable. You got to go to move on dot org and read all about it Like Johnny and the filled more spots. You say read all about it Why did you say that? I'm not really sure I know what was in his tape of boy. No Well he was like cold enough a thing to fill up Morris taste great and lucky strike means fine to back all of those other things back when we had cigarette commercials on there They're really were great really. I got book a Brian gave me a DVD of some all the Salem and newport spots with a beautiful young couples You know you're going to be glamorous and get laid a lot if you just smoke newports and say let's do it Right and you don't forget pop his vitamins too. Why should you do it at coffee from BP? I'm really looking at that thing with a signal problem again. I'm not prepared to go through all of that over again. Oh please Oh please what? I think they're going to have to like pay us for just laying on just let the spanish thing go Hey, I'm going to get a 30 share in Miami WQA hello not there online three shame on you. You have to be a little bit patient. Okay, we got a lot of fish to fry here baby And if you talk realized to us, we went let you have some. Might send you some in a bag. We're like in a vest like look at Brotsies WQA and hello Okay Okay, good. Thanks for the good news. I got a bigger ass WQA and hello Hello, yes sir What is it Easy easy the rapper from the west coast. We should back with Dr. Drain and WA Sorry Dr. Drain, you got a cup yeah So that's the start type and Josh. Okay, get with it easy E Yeah, what's wrong with you man? Yo yeah yo yo yeah get with it It's wrong with you God almighty. We got some dollars or what Exactly 560560 pound 560 on a horizon in singular wireless line They're running a lot of pressure there. Don't you understand the dolphins are cave it in Rollins did make the play off the path is aren't playing at all What's we got pressure on hockey fans then yeah Got almighty Wife and of course right on the heels a lot of hurricane stuff man It just it's just never let's up doesn't The cranksets keep song coming WQA and hello Yeah Yeah I want to jump and take a train of stage and you want them back I That's bad Yeah, wait wait till we have the next dolphin took a give away thing. Okay The only thing is going to get scout is the guy whoever's given it away That is a joke anybody want it and look to me like a whole bunch like thousands of people Disguises empty orange seats in the PPP park yesterday I was most of that kind of a very team colored purchase. So you want to think about the Patriots I mean we didn't play very good yesterday play where off our feed for Darren sure even Tommy Brady was a little bit off his game But nevertheless still kicks in Buffalo last down there in Orchard Park So when you're not playing your best and you can still escape with a pretty convincing victory And when Drew blood brems a blood so is doing his best J. Feetle Remotations from the ball put it on the ground. Oh, you know, we're okay And then you watch that dolphin game after where you say holy cow. This is unbelievable Fun freaking honest unacceptable is what it is And I fully expected to check on a website this morning Sun Sentinel mommy heard they've once that fired Wayne promises total reorganization I think we just need to bring Danny boy back. Oh, yeah Just making the figurehead. Oh, I look at that a book about judge or clearance token Thomas. Do you see that? Tattle little bit both surprised that the issue of who would be the next president isn't coming. Oh, man Yeah, I don't understand why they're not talking about that That's a good point. Finally that you made it after all these years. Is that the next president's going to pick up probably three Supreme Court justices And the whole balance of what's going to happen on these Supreme's. I think I've bushing there again another four years You're not going to have any more roe versus Wade. Nobody's been to have any rights except rich or fundamentalist white folks And that's going to be the end of America's used in all it. That'll be it. I thought I want to get you nervous. Don't forget today's last day to register to vote W to Q a and hello. Yes sir. Two comments. Yes. On the poll, Chris Farley And it would be great to see the dolphins wearing some pink two to because they play like a bunch of ants. Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. Goodbye, Chris Farley. You great big fatty. Always acting like a great big fat dump retard And every field you'll ever be To that court David's bed. His career could fade cause All he has left is that label TV show. He won't be making bloody movies no more And you wanted to be just like John Bollucci and have John and these two And finally they did but we're not too careful what you wish You gave us lots of laughter on Saturday night but you were way too young to die To commit that mess to a side. I'm crying on the hair. Good night, Chris Farley. What did you eat to? Blood like a big balloon eating like a fool That would only bring you certain death. The farmers are upset And all you left was some cable movies and a few tales of your pants That will fill to make a beauty proof And you wanted to be just like John Bollucci and have John and these two You finally made it but we're not too careful what you wish Your happiness can hold up the arrow that sticks me away Now you reach the pizza in the sky You got so fat you die I'm dying over here. You're listening to Neil Roger exclusively On five sixteen Yeah, kitty Okay There we go. Hey, my name is Lance from Eugene Thomas. Friends of Bush's nominee for the Supreme Court And you know there's lots of people who's I dare to think just cause I'm going to let a man Why not sing cottage and it wasn't nothing but a pin joint Yeah, maybe sing our sign your honor, but we are Then they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court Yeah, I got a bunch Let's do this quick and get out of here. I want to sit down straight When I stop reviewing the law I don't just review the law There you go I've been talking And I don't get to the east and I don't get to the west And I don't get why I look up Santerdale, Ghana's best Oh, I'll be talking That's so bad 1145 at five sixty wqm I must be so psychic that ought to be doing my own Shoe Griffin show Yeah, we'd just talk about a few minutes ago about telemarketers and about these Pin and he has calls and it's getting his bed And I'm turns out wasn't telemarker Anyway, somebody shouldn't know but And just in only moments ago during the break The US Supreme Court's on there that actually makes some sense See what I'm saying? I didn't know whether people would catch you on to what I was talking about We would call in and say well how about the Albert Einstein Now stuff like that Who best fits the description? Celebrity whose death was least noted Carol O'Connor 88 that was my vote Very unfair Should it had like a week of Carol O'Connor crying and Nashing of teeth right all in the family reruns? What we already got those Carol O'Connor 88 more Howard the real That's amazing Oh he died Twenty nine I'm telling you what they win those games that he's got to call this here I'm gonna be done all he's probably rooting for the jetz Anym, yes, they don't you think? We don't it My land, oh 26 we always family was Marlin, Brando 26, Phil, Harman 23 Silicruz has got 20 Come on, just a little tiny bit of Silia I am Silia Cruz and I am dead now But I remember when I was alive I will need you to be in the morning When the world will blow, when the world will blow Oh, great A Jan Burry 13 of Jan and Dean fame Jan is 10 And the bridge on the river Kwae What else did Alice get? I'm gonna do it He's best remember for that But he was a great actor Star Wars baby Oh yeah Oh man, I might lose a number of words Yeah, why didn't have the coffee like you did Ray Charles 9 Well, let's see now that that shows the generation gap right there That's probably the echo boomers that are thinken Star Wars But I watched both of them so there you go Ray Charles 9 John Candy 9 Easy E Alright three Three for easy E This year and this has got three And Chris Farley and John Ritter both have so far to be Oh, yeah I mean John Ritter I think they went overboard I don't even know why I let that go on there But that's okay 233 vote I didn't like it either but apparently he was a very nice guy Was he really? What did everybody said? Everybody that worked for you Oh, I got one for you Yeah Even though you're not gonna agree Yeah Just having watched his biography again The other night on the biography channel Dave Thomas Why would I agree? I don't know because there was a big there was a big whoop-lo about that for like an hour after he died Yeah, I was 20 cigaretteo said this and a lot of people in South Florida said great things because he was a great guy Yes, he was but I mean Dave Thomas was an institution he was just a Wendy spokesman He was like one of the biggest commercial Lush spokesman though are you looking for me right? Dave Thomas and then you can put Wendy's in parentheses so they know who we're talking about because a lot of people They would recognize his fat face there on TV You see that quadruple bypass that was probably the beginning of the end for Dave unfortunately See Now, wow, should have been hit too many of those fatty burgers man I love Wendy's don't get me wrong. I would never knock Wendy's at all Especially when they give you the right order at the window which is not becoming a single part of the town Boy, but by a level in these their food is juicy and delicious and fresh like I said when it has a lot of drama Did I mention Ruth Chris yet today? I'm not saying that on the air not on the air. I told you before the show. I had last night Ruth Chris and the Hilton Hotel downtown Toronto Probably the best meal ever had my life and I've eaten a Ruth Chris how many times? About 30 minutes. A lot more than that. That's just the times I've paid for the rumors. Oh, by the way, they're not here. What a shame But anyway, had Ruth Chris and I had the best steak a ribeye without the butter See if you want of those people. It's got like a sensitive stomach like I do with certain things the irritable bowel all of that And I want to go running to the magic room You just I'm hold the butter because they grow the station butter and this one didn't need the butter was so juicy and so tasty and so tender. Oh That piece of meat was so unbelievable Advoic hot doesn't deter Texas editor when doors carry The editor of the Crawford Texas weekly that builds itself as president Bush's hometown newspaper says he has no regrets about endorsing Bush's democratic opponent John Kerry Even after dozen doesn't businesses pull their hands from public the publication see that's the way they do it Right they use their advertising money like you know pressure people politically Which is a polycraft. I do it again. I do it again. I do it again. Leon Smith publisher the Lone Star iconoclast told a waitcoatry been here all the near-studies The iconoclast which endorsed Bush in 2000 said it now supports the democrat because of this allusment with the war and Bush's actions on social security Economy and other issues and editorial data September 29 accuses the president having a smoke screen to gender and leading the US into a Quag Marry and Iraq on flimsy pretenses, but that's pretty perspicacious on their part. He's got a stomach on it The newspaper with a circulation of 425 has become scarce and copies have shown up on the eBay online auction site Business leaders in Bush's abducted hometown to seven hundred five residents about 20 miles west of Waco say they support the president their critical of the upstart newspaper I think what's his name Leon Smith is in settlers on a pettin said that you Martin and Poit the coffee station convenience store and cafe Were for sometimes stops during stays at his range unfortunately is opinion hurt a lot of feelings around here. Bush's our neighbor y'all And they're pissed off and fired up down there and Crawford Come and dreared. That's what they're saying like in Waco Cuba policies have some rethinking their support for president says today's son Sentinel. How do you like that? Oh my god Like many Cuban Americans Alex Pazone another president of ontay no doubt L.s. pays on has been a staunch Republican most of his adult life pays out of like worth his vote into poit George Herbert Walker Bush Bob roll and George W. Bush in the White House this time Pazone is committed voting for democratic nominee John Kerry because he blames both for keeping him separated from his wife made hell who's in Cuba waiting to come to the US of a Although president Bush is expected to win a majority of South Florida's Cuban American vote many Cuban Americans have increasingly criticized his administration That could be a problem for Bush who by some estimates one about 80% of the Cuban vote in 2000 any erosion of that support for be significant since allegedly He won the Florida by 537 and 2000 once they re-gegrad it The turning point for Pazone who met his wife about three years ago in Cuba married her last year was the recent policy that restricts Cuban Americans to one family visit every three years For the chain, Cubans could go once a year without a treasury license and each year Pazone received permission for additional visits because he thinks the Bush administration's policy is too harsh Pazone is pinning his hopes on Kerry's promises to allow principled travel to the island If your mom is in Cuba, she's dying of some illness, you can't go, Pazone said suppose your wife is having a child, you can't go Life isn't black and white, but the law now is like that The Bush administration's unveil the series of measures in May following months of pressure from some Cuban American Republicans who decried what they perceived as a lack of action in Cuba policy by the Bush administration The new policy designed to cut the flow of US dollars to Cuba's government included the regulations cutting down on family visits while many Cuban exiles praise the move others in the community protested the action saying they would divide families Now wait to hear the quotes from the obnoxious Iliana Ross Rosanna Danilatman We've got a fire up the troops and get them out so Cuban American US Republican representative Iliana Ross is a Rosanna Danilatman She got another quote in here too, goes on about this poll said that and Sergio Bindixon said this and where's it? Oh, yeah, here's what she says Ross late and said many Cuban Americans agree that the new Cuban measures are the right move. You see she wouldn't disagree with Bush if he He quoted her face The challenges for Republicans on election day involving making sure Cuban Americans votes you said including majestic as is how to get elderly voters to the polls She expects a positive turnout away to the year this this paragraph I think President Bush is going to receive being a good wonderful hefty percentage of the Cuban exile vote. I think the president's done very well in fulfilling his promises to be exile community Huh, which one That a bunch of crap the exile community people like her a bitches like Iliana Rosanna Danilatman Keep perpetuating that whole crap about you know, or just here waiting like a hotel for a few years Go back with you know, look at that you've been at a button go back this exile crap stuff it baby stuff away to mundo That's right, and Iliana even stuff it to crazy the bitch Dumber than a boxer rocks Nothing I want to get worked up about on a Monday go for you today's the last day to register to vote. I just mention that in passing Now in repetition we've got candid videos of George Bush on front of the mirror preparing for the debate It's any can be president and a faithful Muslim and And the country has had no final vice president then Saddam Hussein and They never stop thinking about new ways to harm or country and other do we Abu Abu Garam Abu Garam And I admitted that Dick Cheney was an al-Qaeda associate Stay tuned there's more insatiations to come and don't forget he left out Abu Garam Pubbed owner 560 WDQ. I've got the mad dog Jim managed. He's gonna be man. He's gonna be skating today. I'll bet can you even begin to imagine? After yesterday after fork Each which seems to be getting a little bit worse Anyway, I hope we on it too. We got the Humperate 4 Hank over and Gellies making a little bit of a parent's this week We now an M Steve Goldstein at smoky bones at 7 o'clock tonight at a K10. That's what most said about Keldey thought he had smoky bones Charles Pete Conrad astronaut America didn't even blink much less shetteteers as some facts are or these coming from The real just took me the whole break the fact that well, why you doing that? Why can't you just you could read these or of course you're all hooked up from that damn coffee Yeah, Ed and four lotterdale says oh, yes This is a good one Julia child You should put about a court of Jack Daniels and everything that she cooked. She was like a petrified I'm not talking about scared. I mean like as in the petrified forest pickled pickled is the word all of us watch Julia child at one time And other not much fanfare when she passed please add her to list all I think she was like 90 something Somebody suggest Frank is apple and we can cook. Oh, Frank's apple Right, how come he was not there already that was my bad Because we got But that's enough of that I want you to join us all upset on a Monday Here's a facts from the Palm Beach trouble maker, which is a listen to you forever as a good little two-em list I'm trying to speak listen as a new listen to stirren can anyone explain to me what the cracking noise he keeps playing is and why do they all think it's so funny that I'm ever explained it? I don't know because I don't listen It says kind of anything else Neil anything else See knocking the Howard again. Don't be doing that I'm gonna spend my stir in the robin and the Baba Booey and Arnie and all of these people, okay? See I'm thinking I made me a cheap channel. I'll just think it out loud I have no evidence. I'm not accusing although I think it The thing with a Spanish language stuff coming out in the background. I interfering with five sixty They know that they're gonna take it really deep into the colon Now that we got this award reading lineup I'm talking about stirring and yours truly and the mad dog in the hump or my god That's just awesome is what that is you know what I'm saying Absolutely yeah And not only is that awesome, but of course what also helps is yeah That can't hurt it No, no, no, no That's what everybody's thinking but don't want to say because it's It's So they have probably are like peeing in their pants So it's wouldn't surprise me if some shenanigans are going on there because Castro just got through cutting back on electricity last week They're cutting back and maybe they had to cut back on electric to funnel all that juice to the 500,000 Mod stations cranked up there on five sixty they're having rolling brown outs We've been and you may think I'm exaggerating, but when I was on WS News in that episode I'm telling you years ago when he interfered with our signal They cranked up a half a million watts station Because naturally they don't abide by international broadcast regulation So there's no limit on 50,000 watts on AM So they, you know, whenever they feel like it They want to put some of their propaganda on they crank up half a million watts And you would think if he had any brains which he doesn't But you think of all those stations to one interfere with this would be the last one The anti bush voice I mean doesn't he hate bush like poison? Yeah, well he just hates Not about you, I'm serious he hates bush the bush master like poison You think that one of the few go ahead and do it on 940 for crying No, that's the wrong one too. I'll let me listen All the while time I'm really impressed by L and that lovely what's her name again? Can't really hear you Oh, are they going to make a big impact or what? I think I'm going to kick acid is marking and the Randy team Wow, I think I'm going to have something to have in the 84. What? They've also had questions I'll punch the blind I think first that Oh, thank you Everyone that would tell that we want that for I told the company fire his ass or something like that happens We'll put it on immediately if not sooner That's the only kind of dolphin broadcast I'm putting on a year I mean what more needs to be said it's just it's humiliating the grading and Burrishman the fact that he's actually out there bull crapping stone wall I mean what can he say we suck We're pathetic when embarrassment where the worst human league we've taken a once mighty franchise And we've turned it just upside down We've and of course, you know that crap living in a past how many years ago I've heard him man. I would have perfect season in the back to back super bowls all these things And what have they got? Not now they got a perfect season that could be like oh and 16 Which is not what the fans had in mind always say fans very loosely because like I said it's a lot of empty seat I didn't see any rain yesterday I didn't even see any pigeons in the sky looked to me like it was a beautiful day I didn't see too many people there. I mean yeah, I was a sellout but a lot of people to stay at home Kind of played it doing more interesting things like maybe suicide the dolphin fans 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line Which who best fits this description is celebrity whose death was least noted? Carol O'Connor a hundred and he's got a wrapped up I think we got 287 votes From the bottom junior child of Frank's Appages went on no votes Chris Farley's got one John Riders got two Dave Thomas the Wendy's has got a pair love Dave Thomas. He's good A Desi R. Ness 5 easy E five John Candy 9 Ray Charles 12, Alex give us 17 Celia cruise 21 Jan. Barry 22. I'm surprised Jan Barry from Jan and Dean's doing real well Aren't you surprised? Phil Harman 26 Marlon Brando 28. He got hyped up pretty big, but not enough though Not enough tips from the godfather, you know, that's what we needed luck right a lot more from that Probably the attended American foundation made him stop Mohour the real 137 as in motler E curly and Oh, don't do it, him and like I said curl all comments got 100 WQAM hello Danielle how about patience? Bob Keaton Captain Kanga will absolutely everything Right he grew up with Captain Kanga. Everybody threw up with Captain Kanga will And also that guy asked about the duck sound on Howard. Yeah, that's a porn star That he lifted that from one of her movies He's doing something to somebody I see I see she's ducking Something like that I can't really say because Joyce may be listening to like he's ducking or something He's your madman Okay, now you have any signal issues on QAM No, I'm out in Cooper City and I can barely hear something in the background, but it doesn't interfere with the shows Oh, thank god, we're going to be giant in Cooper City. Thanks, we are Have a great day Bob Keaton Captain Kanga will we want to put that in parentheses? I don't know do whatever you want Josh, you know it's one of those deals. Okay, I mean they should know who to talk about Keaton is shouldn't they? But they might not so just to be on the safe side put Captain Kanga will on there. Well, I already just put his name Like I said just put Bob Keaton now would be good. Come in QAM hello Yeah, I knew please. Yes, sir speaking. Oh, hey, you know Fred Rogers You don't think they need a big chimise. Yeah, yeah, you're right. You're right. It was pretty good about on a par with Bob Keaton. I would say about the same I mean, I mean, he reads you know half of our listeners, you know that I certainly remember you know going up watching M-more so-and-fess mystery. Okay, pal, thanks. Thank you On tonight's action news The reason Mr. Rogers had to retire. It's Mr. Rogers the last episode. Let's have some necklaces I want to show you this toy that I brought. Yeah, just to toy you know. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, put it back in right in there And I have a thumbs And what a moody That was fun, wasn't it? Isn't it fun to pretend things like that? You can use your fingers on tonight's action news, but I guess you can see it's no secret what a good feeling they gave me Oh, you're coming and Mr. McEleys coming The abity was an old pervert, you know, I mean, it will never know, but no way to well any guy that dresses up with sneakers in a sweater like that Part of it, right Well, wait at five sixty, never to cue and things are going to look up folks. Forget about the dolphins. Okay We got the bigger fish to fry the panthers will not lose again this season. That's our prediction But WQA not that anybody would care anyway QAM hello. I came here. I want to make your day. Okay. Okay. There's a TV show on I don't know CBS maybe CRNB feet and the lovely and delicious Miguel from actions is on it. I don't know anybody just I don't know anybody just tell you No, no, it's called desperate housewife. Yeah, in other words, he's uh, it's a new show. They've got a recurring part in is what you're saying Well, it's a new show with an all along show on Sunday night's at nine o'clock Yeah, I don't remember while I was flipping it then and the TV 2 I happen to see him like having a little fun with some woman that's just it I'll be damn so I figured that maybe that he's probably built on a show because he has been on there in a long time Passing this losing all of the regular characters. We got all these phony baloney people in there and he probably is the off of that show Well, he went to go to the charity to New York There he went and then what's his name? Alice there's not the same Alice at the different voice Right, and not just different voice. Have you seen him? It's a different person different actor. We got the which he got shot by What's your name? Mrs. Walker. What Mrs. Zawattabra at her name was? It's great. It is like so, you know, you can, you know, they can't find each other in a symbol You know, the week's dies, we share it and dies and they're right. Come back to the light That's right. Nobody ever dies in her support tummy. Okay. Thanks for the good news, pal. We'll set our sights on Miguel And the lovely Miguel 560. Yeah, the show is really a second big time and nobody as facts me or called I've been asking for days if this guy that played Alistair now Alistair crane on passions It was the original one before which is what we didn't see the face or the any of that for all those for like three years since I've been watching it That's the only thing that I can take out while I was showing the face now again. Maybe this was the original But who the hell knows okay, they got bigger fish to fry like the like to fish the dolphins WQA and hello, yeah, somebody's the pole very white Very white nobody even farted when he died. You know sorry. Okay. Thanks. Alright. It was very white. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. I wasn't a big very white fan But then again, all the people out there all the who were into slush people are used to listen to the coast Rest in peace. Is the coast still on what is the coast now is the coast party. Well, what does it's not coast is still on the coast is still coast and long right How is Johnny dark doing anybody heard from Johnny dark lately? I'll be damned. That's probably good news. Maybe Johnny a van moose to what off to Europe. He was so impressed with it. We just have a little bit of a play about it No, we better not use to have one. Oh, yeah, now that you mentioned it. There's another one that we can't play anymore. And that's that really breaks my word Can I play just a little just a tiny bit Johnny dark. Oh, not that we can play that but That was okay. This team over there. No, wait a minute. Okay. Oh, that was great. See, I can do these live. I got so much practice now. Although there was a little bit of the S. I of the S. Yeah Sorry, Joyce. Okay. We'll try to do it a little bit cleaner next time. So to speak. Right. Um, nothing like a clean S 567. Oh, 560 pound five 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines WQA. Hello Yeah, I want to be the nail like a phone for a little bit speaking. Out. Very important. Al. Yeah. Yeah. How are you? Okay. I'm sorry. Yeah. Go ahead, Al. I'm sorry. I want you for a row of joy. Who is it? Rau Julia. Who's that? Who's that? It's good actor. What was he in? What did he do? He was in, uh, I remember what second he was in. Yeah, he must have been big. Come on. Yeah. Was he doing a little bit of hardcore? I think he was doing it. I think it's a bit of orange Julia. I forget about that. Okay. Rau will Julia. Get out of here. Speaking orange, Judas. I haven't had that in a long time. And they still know they still have orange, Judas around in the malls because they got it here. Yeah. Do you think you ever had it? Of course. I like to strawberry orange, Judas is my favorite. I agree. Just like it's like taking a needle injecting just a pure sugar in your veins, sugar water. Fantastic. 1213 at 5. 60 WQM guaranteed mortgage bankers are prepared to help you meet all your financing needs. If you're a first time home buyer or if you're refinancing and taking cash out, they are your best choice. Guaranteed mortgage bankers are committed to excellent customer service. It's not only their promise to you. So calm today, 1 800, 734, 66 16 and guaranteed mortgage bankers. The goal is to build a lifelong relationship with their customers, which is precisely what they did with a couple of moved down a Florida from New Jersey. They did find a house that they fell in love with. Cap couple have lived in town for more than a week. They had very little money to put down. They bought it to close desperately in 10 days. And the good news is that guaranteed mortgage brokers was able to secure the buyers needs in order to close on time. And they were able to give the 95% financing at the unbelievable rate. Unbelievable. 5.95%. And listen to this guaranteed mortgage broker since all of its clients and a fabulous 7-night cruise. It's their way of saying thank you for choosing them and giving them your business. guaranteed mortgage bankers no loans are too big or too small and no credit is too bad. And of course, if you have good credit that helps, they work with it to get you the loan you need. guaranteed mortgage bankers column today toll free 1 800 73466 16. That's 1 800 73466 16. You're listening to me in the world of new Rogers exclusively on 516. You are in jail. God. Good bye. Good bye. You're not so much better than having to tell some of that is God's bad news. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. I'll make them all for a camera. Yeah, 2 8.0566. You know who else is Canadian Jim Carrey? Yeah. And where you shatner? I'm compiling the list for him. I'm going to be good. 5 670 560 pound 560 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines on a mediocre Monday. It's okay. A lot of depression. Have it at too many calls. I mean really. I want to do a dolphin show just for us just for once. Thank God he ain't programming this show or have anything to do with the show. He is such a knucklehead. That's all he knows. I'm going to be a program director of the program director of Junior but then we've reached to that. That's it. That's his the some of his entire existence is strictly. Man. The sports nerd fraternity we can't stand it. We can't handle it. Go away, Clarence. And get my check on time next time. Or else. Nice talking to you. Hello. To a. Hey, I got somebody for your pole. Okay. Gregory Heinz. I love this catch up though. Thanks a lot. See you. I guess you know that already. From the facts. Why know you do. Are we a hair. No, no. Like Jack Lemon. Jack Lemon. And Rick James. Jack Lemon was great. That was my favorite. That was Jack Lemon by the way. I heard it was Jack Lemon is what I heard. You know my favorite Jack Lemon movie. I give up. And that's because of my anti religious fanaticism. Oh, it was massive peel. Very good. I hated you was slavia. That's fat people. Oh, like William Conrad Charles Dernie. He's great. You know, in that genre wasn't great movie, but of the horror scary thriller kind of movies. It was damn good. Check that children. What? The other was Rick James. Oh, yeah. Well, he just died. Right. And then we thought about the how many drugs and is the blood about. Okay. Rich James. Well, he's the one of freaky side. Definitely more. What day? W. W. Q. A. Hello. Yes, sir. What's up, Neil? You're calling for your calls. All right. And I've got a request. Yes. Can I call myself a disrespect? I was really a perfect one all the way around. Yeah. At least you're consistent. Maybe not good, man. But at least consistent. Jimmy Carter says still seeking a fair vote in Florida. This is an article he wrote yesterday's matter. He says after the debacle in Florida four years ago, former president Gerald Ford and I were asked to lead a blue ribbon commission to recommend changes in the American Electoral process. After months of concerted effort by a dedicated bipartisan group of experts, we presented unanimous recommendations to the president and Congress. The government responded with the help America vote act of October 2002. Unfortunately, many of the acts keep provisions have not been implemented because of inadequate funding or political disputes. The disturbing fact, Jimmy, right, is that a repetition of the problems of 2000 now seems likely, even as many other nations are conducting elections that are internationally certified to be transparent, honest and fair. The Carter Center has monitored more than 30 elections. All of them held under contentious troubled or dangerous conditions. When I describe these activities, either in the U.S. or in foreign forums, the almost inevitable questions are why don't you observe the election in Florida and how do you explain the serious problems with elections there? The answer to the first question is that we can monitor only about five elections each year and meeting crucial needs and other nations to our top priority. Our most recent ones were in Venezuela and Indonesia and that's will be in Mozambique. A partial answer to the other question is that some basic international requirements for a fair election are missing in Florida. Can I read that sentence again? Good to play. A partial answer to the other questions is that some basic international requirements for a fair election are missing in Florida. The most significant of these requirements are a nonpartisan electoral commission or a trusted and nonpartisan official who will be responsible for organizing and conducting the electoral process before delivering an after the actual vote and takes place. Although really perfect in their objectivity, such top administrators are at least subject to public scrutiny and responsible for the integrity of their decisions. Florida voting officials approve it to be highly partisan, regionally violating a basic need for an unbiased and universally trusted and authority demands all elements of the electoral process. He couldn't be thinking of Catherine Harris and Donna in the hood and fat as Governor Jeff Bush could he? Uniformity and voting procedures is essential to me, so that also there's no regardless of their social or financial status. Have equal assurance that their votes are cast in the same way and will be tabulated with the cool accuracy. Modern technologies already used to make electronic voting possible with accurate almost immediate tabulation and with paper ballot pronounced so that all voters can have confidence in the integrity of the process. There is no reason these proven techniques used overseas in some US states could not be used in Florida. It was obvious that in 2000 these basic standards were not made in Florida and are disturbing signs that once again is we prepare for a presidential election. Some of the states leaving officials hold strong political biases that prevent necessary reforms. Four years ago, top election official Florida Secretary of State Catherine Harris was also the coach here of the Bush Cheney State campaign committee. The same strong biases become evident in her successor, Glandah Hood. I keep called her what I call her Donna Glandah Hood who was a highly personal director for George W. Bush in 2000. Several thousand ballots of African Americans were thrown out in technicalities in 2000 and a funding attempt has been made in the end of the year. Recently, the is qualified 22,000 African Americans likely Democrats, but only 61 Hispanics likely Republicans as alleged felons. The top election officials also played a leading role in qualifying Raft Nader's accandidate knowing that two thirds of his votes in the previous election came into expensive allegor. She's ordered neighbors named being included on absentee ballots even before the state Supreme Court had ruled on the controversial issue. Florida Governor Fad Asjad Bush normally a strong supporter of his brother was taken no steps to correct these departures from principles of fair and equal choice. The government is a strong supporter of the country and the government are to prevent them in the future. It is unconscionable. Let me say again, it is unconscionable to perpetuate fraudulent or biased electoral practices in ammunition. It is especially if Jacksonville among us Americans who provided ourselves on setting a global example for pure democracy. With reforms unlikely of this late state due to election, perhaps the only recourse will be to focus maximum public scrutiny on these suspicious process and Florida rights Jimmy Carter. The vicious process and Florida you know what he is he is. The whole peanut farmer with the whole is he you know. When accounted. He's he. He's learned from his mistake. I guess so I reckon. In fact, we got more another story. Thousands in Florida may be rejected the polls which we'll get to. All kinds of stuff. I guess that on 60 minutes they have one of the most insipid idiotic stories. I got some crap on it later about the echo boomers. Those of you people out there, especially young people don't don't let them label you run around with screaming. Don't label me. We're just about that stories on 60 minutes last night. We're just doing a pop crap. Yeah, well, how they're a little scared now. They're a little bit they're running a scared tragic. So we saw a head interview with Bill Parsell. Yeah, we saw a bunch of business on 60 minutes is you know a farting contest on the today show. Although might be more entertaining than what's his name with his chemo haircut. 26 past noon at five 60 WK of in Tanya for a very long time. Why if you want to get you a new mattress in a great night sleep for a long time. Shop at 1-800 mattress like I do well now. Dalam actresses proud to carry. See me past your pedic the number one brand in mattresses call 1-800 mattress 2 day. And you'll get factory direct prices on all ceiling posture pedics. When you call 1-800 mattress you get same day delivery all across South Florida. And by calling that number you'll choose from the deepest and widest luck and ceiling betting. All available for same day delivery. And as always you picked the date and time for delivery that to our window and it's convenient for you and your schedule. And Dalam actress shows up on time 99.7% of the time. Dalam actresses ranked number one a customer set as specs. They were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torts of excellence award. Everybody with a brain even a half a lot is called 1-800 mattress for the vetting you ought to be doing the same. Don't put a new bed today. Just pick up that phone make the one easy call if you want to check them on the web. You can do that too. But if you call right now you can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. 1-800 mattress 1-800 MATT-RES. You're listening to Neil Roger. Stench of power manure covers over this performance by the golf. Father, mother, open your turn too. To make a weapon from an old cheese ball. I know you're not a type but you'll make a big. You have to use an open toilet to feed. Father, you got your number. And on the slender stove. Father, just wear your numbers. Father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father son Bhaget, father, grandfather, father, father, father, father, father, mother, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, lovingbirds, cat,, mother and identity, father, daughter, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, mother, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, mother, father, mother, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father. father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father Uhuf, father, father, father, father father , father, father, father, father he father . a sland that i'm in suit certain hates with a passion great radio uh... right to the course for well i say you know we just don't get it we're not to pick it up to get it maybe we're just not echo files you know i mean echo boomers what about the thing is and maybe we don't have our iPods yet speak for yourself you got your ipod i said to i better i'm josh's got his ipod i do not you know as a similar product i bet he's more like a bubble more than a uh... echo boomer jerry and the need of spring is i ordered what well we can make this side of the yeah can make this out from the crepitation contest we can make those farting sounds can we all sorry just checking stop and they are not coffee jerry and the need of spring is i'd like to suggest right orbison for these pull that to be very good on the boy right of boy and of course only factory for a doomsday right of boy since you're having fact problems i would also like to submit a name for tomorrow's Canadian entertainer pull please consider kneel young is kneel young no i's all like me all kneels that's a good one i have to like work on that uh... who's that little trophy comedian guy which you know that's what i meant how there's so many of them well they have these uh... spots when they carry american shows like the soap operas they don't have like a real spots to feel because they get to it's a real scandal get to put their own Canadian spots in her and shows from the american that were said they carry like passions for example so they had these uh... Canadian uh... you know it's a sobly Canadian ego problem which is very serious oh we did not just good hockey players we've got all these great look how great we are you know we got them like myers and gym carry and the right all these people what about Steve martin is he Canadian i don't know not sure that look it up look at a please in the uh... thing there Josh the martin i can't think so a lot of great Canadian comedians yes there of course there was always we didn't choose to go for the martin short with all this or pecan media that's what i was thinking of martin short very good i think it that i was going to be list of torpey comedians in my head now can i ask you a question all right his martin short yes it is another fact okay there's no randy numan and don't be put in randy numan under the martian comedian i don't think i hope not you might be good enough problems with saline deon oh anyway give a follow up on it's dramatic and he could have thousands in florida maybe rejected it pulls thousands of already into think their register to vote could be turned away at the polls no member second oh my god because their voter registration forms were not completely filled out official said Friday and especially if they intend on voting for carry there's a real good chance that went and doubt they'll throw them out secretary state glenda in the hood said some groups registering voters are turning in application forms with information missing such as uncheck boxes asking whether the applicants are citizens mentally incompetent or felons lend it in the hood's big enough mentally incompetent or felons a group that's been seeking copies of incomplete applications in an effort to help people complete them said hoods off as setting state law has begun blocking them all here we go again clearly way over the number that could determine the election won't be able to votes a jude frown and attorney with a washman based advancement project which votes multi racial participation in voting she was referring to president pushes disputed five hundred thirty seven vote victory in Florida that gave in the presidency in two thousand during that election state local election officials were criticized on a host of issues from people mistakenly removed from voter rolls to the infamous butterfly ballot and Palm Beach County that was put on there by that obnoxious departed bitch Teresa LaPore that may have let out court supporters to vote for third party a candidate papy can instead while the advancement project is not registering voters itself it assists groups that are including american families united which tries to register voters in poor and minority communities new who voters in poor minority communities generally vote for it on ship democrats all is a state later we can have that happening i just so go cardinals on here so i know this fact you send me some day of the couple he just get a life or you please i have a lot of money why i tested this machine with that fact and work and apparently you said you do that and must have been a phone line thing in a back probably fixed it in a bag you know i mean anyway uh... american families united as suing the dovall county lesson supervisor to get copies of fourteen and forty one rejected applications their brown set of judge ruled against it friday previously the advancement project received copies of forms from date or in jeltsberg other counties and date and proud alone brown said twelve thousand incomplete ballots were turned in acting dovall lesson supervisor Richard curlberg said his office is trying to call the fourteen and forty one advocates left the note they won't be able to vote must the forms are completed but said many the phone numbers and the forms are working numbers probably like you know phones and gas stations convenient stores pay phones could center office is only trying to help election supervisors follow the law that incomplete forms must be rejected put recommended that people who were registered by a group instead of at the county elections office should make sure they are really registered to vote and if they are a little bit that like that they're like more than two shades darker than white forget about it just a home if you also said anyone registering to vote outside the county office should also double check to make sure that all information is accurate forms are completely filled out and that the group plans to turn the applications in before midnight tonight course at the end of a that's the deadline it's the deadline which means if you don't register and you don't go ahead and vote for carry were all going to be dead is what i'm dying i'm trying to call it the deadline you got it you idiots they've the cop who's chronic and has no life i have no life i recall one person should have gotten some notoriety when she did oh get out of here you're crazy get out of here with mother to reese who died when princess Diana mother to reese who was going around the world peddling all of that archique bullcraft like her or a partner in crime there with his uh schmoth on his head who the hell is he kidding they've the cop nutjob by the way Steve Martin is from Texas what i tell you also he says on another note if bush was really looking points in the polls you think there's no yeah well the LA times before i was just read about it before the debate carried they had nationwide pool he was one point ahead now he's two points it after the debate so something's really rotten in Denmark you know besides the fish something is really rotten in Copenhagen ever been a typically gardens look forget about it it says i think there were a lot of people just waiting for carry to do something that would make him just look presidential a yada oh i'll let him go to cardinals he puts you on a bottom day the cop you are so he would take that mother to reese him and they're recover bold bitch that prune face and i'll be have a great life together okay in the after life in the neverland in the whatever the hell they call it neverland never never another the ether god i'm starting to get the same thing you got from the coffee when i didn't have it buzz a roe if i drink coffee boy i'm going to tell you i have to make a run like a wally oh man you you think that that butter run a steak that that's that small potato is compared to coffee right at any rate but let's move along because that'll lead us that'll lead us into untarded territory rectum and uh... joist of start rattling her spirit out of the republic anyway so yeah right twenty uh... before one well that's always a good sign hey we've talked about dry concepts on a show for over twenty years i've used in my homes for over twenty years nothing is changed when it comes to having your carpet your furniture draper clean the only name you ought to be thinking about his dry concepts and let's face it your carpeting is as bad as your sink when it comes to a collector of germs all that schmots and crap and garbage gets down there deep into your carpet so call dry concepts today and sanitize your home it got certified technicians you can trust in your home they'll dry clean your carpet the same way that the uh... dry cleaners clear dry clean your clothing the stains go away and they don't come back the wear of those five ninety five per room scams you'll never get that with dry concepts because they give you a guaranteed written price before they start to job and dry concepts use a rapid dry technique so your carpets are dry just an hour and a half you're in a rock and roll again you really can clean today and entertain tonight if they're good enough for me and for everybody I know they ought to be good enough for you you'd never use anybody else have to use them the first time in date route in the palm beaches column toll free one eight hundred two four eight five five cents nineteen seventy nine your signature medium rangers and school you and power davids a bitch well get after the latest gentleman and again welcome on board and other airlines flight nine nineteen bound for dollars international airport moving on today's flight will be thirteen going on thirty until i feel company starring janitor garner from alias i think wrapping movie this is johnny thanks to line for something to speak in actually it's a wonderful movie that i think you really enjoy Jennifer garners just a delightful young actress you're shooting show anything in this movie still i'm still on what is it totally you've got to push the button can't are playing to get it okay what got wrong that a problem got a problem get a problem being problem we're gonna put still on how many times do i have to tell you don't say problem when i'm on the p a sys how why is it for you to hit that button on the captain don't turn back don't say problem when i'm on a p a sys we got a hit problem one of the passengers what's the matter with the passenger apparently he's not supposed to fly anywhere in the world what remnant all peace train no i don't love peace train no i don't have that's demons that's demons yeah although he's not cast evens anymore some like who's the use of mama's a gentleman from the cockpit and your cabin can i have a good system by for one second but there is no problem okay thank you so what's the problem he's not supposed to fly anywhere he's on the list where you're now bottom is still on so i know why it's not my fault but i'm not gonna stick oh you have to do it sticks it sticks i said it that many all right now what did you do with cast demons he's not supposed to fly how did i never mind don't tell me oh we got him for it i don't want to know what you do with him you only do we could do we locked him in the bathroom you what we locked past demons in the bathroom the guy's saying peace train place gentlemen from the cockpit this is your captain you may hear some banging on the aircraft during today's flight i just wanted to like you know that that is nothing to be worried about it's cast evens who had the lock in the bathroom apparently he's not on the fly anymore in the United States i'll be right back with a big boy so what the hell was wrong we're gonna do with it i don't know but he's just how he's been dancing oh my gosh it looks so nice and i cannot wait till we laid it till i speak it's not gonna take my butt it's still on get the button fixed i'm the tangent at a fixed buttons we can put it on the list again it fixed nation gentlemen from the cockpit this is your captain we're gonna have to land in Maine and the bulk cast even too apparently is not allowed to fly anywhere in the United States so we appreciate your patience this might be the most screwed up ridiculous flight i've ever been on you got me but god the fight is on hello this is Albert Kider from Tony band record dividing you American infidel to buy latest cast evens collection you know my home it is right let's take your head off your body got a machete with the real shark plane i wish i had an American hostage oh so including the static i was on the airplane it suddenly would be changed there matches i can bird and where it's out i'm out here i don't know why i'm in followed by an F16 what do they want with the money from your purchase does not go to funs terrorism really it's not time to get off the plane just relax and take it easy you're just dumb that's your fault it wouldn't have been a fire would you find a skin and a rag if you want hey detain me i don't have any issue no the classic one i have myself every day with your American should pay tell me who it would harm it's laying don't miss out you're the problem i'm can't you the girl woman she lifted a veil and exposed her so by no catch evens collection today for 1995 all you can play with a guard or weapon to match the truth well 49 we don't have Osama yet or alzaohiri or mullible o-mar or all these go in but we got catch David all right we're making some progress baby 427 votes on a poll who best fits this description celebrity who death was least noted the least solid and dance the least bit of gnashing of teeth the least bit of respect never we are all that they should get a little bit of respect and thanks the next of the memories care all kind of a hundred nine more Howard the real one not the effect one absolutely real one 54 feel heartman 37 moreland brando 34 jan very of jan and dean fame 28 what why that why's he doing so good got me probably didn't even know he was dead see that cruise twenty seven franks apt twenty five let's play Bobby Brown come on you can do put that license on the ground let's hear the whole thing Bobby Brown and that's exactly what we do well good for you that was joy sitting the floor Franks have a twenty five eloquence twenty one retails 19 john candy twelve easy eleven Dave Thomas of Wendy's ten come on have one more burger Dave before it's too late there's the are not seven Lucy Rick James six great we hines five obkish and captain kangaroo five jack lemon four Julia child four Chris Farley three john ridder three very white two and Fred no relation to no good mr Rogers had only one only one I just did a whole song that's about him when he croaked in the they did they after day after day hi there boys and girl with a green with the sweaters the very the multicolored sweaters the sneakers the whole bunch of crap the mailman what was the mailman's name I didn't really watch that show sorry I didn't either but well come on I didn't like mr uh and then yeah speaking of bits that we can't play please don't tell me forgot and already I'll find it one moment please there there it is no let's not well I was thinking more like was yeah yeah yeah you wish I love that playing bag pipes you can he said that I think what that's all it is you always don't get all that out of shape but that's just a Scottish thing right you can't see the one of those two words anymore oh playing pipes mail hopes us back series reveal I love this story this is one of my all-time favorites a Tennessee man accused of sending powder lace down blooms to brown county cities was convinced for a lot of the police transplanted mine control devices in gaze to help a 30 spine drug dealers record the man's weekly newsletter the in swindell 46 also penned in his new newsletter that for a lot of the police team Bruce Roberts illegally arrested gaze to give mayor Jim nogal and broward sheriff Ken Jenny the impression that he was cracking down on crime they be said that on the gay community like flies on sugar wrote swindell miss a temperate on the edition of the orullion chain letter that i didn't say the first time that if the i agent arrested swindell as Memphis Tennessee home Friday and charged him with sending bomb threat letters to eight for a lot of daily elementary schools in August and in September if the school's open-lussian pulling places Jenny said Friday to indell admitted sending letters in 25 envelopes containing white flower to broward city halls swindell has not been charged with sending the envelopes over prosecuted as they were considering more charges against him because of the widespread mailings which arrived Thursday and Friday and prompted fears of another anthrax attack oh it's been so long since i've had a chance to play uh a way of it where i was at anthrax attack like the one on October 2001 the killer american media ink photo editor bob Stevens in beautiful bokeh the newsletters reviewed Saturday by the sun sent will do not mention the 25 power-laced envelopes or the bomb charit letters to the schools it was unclear how long swindell had published newsletters which also listed the names and work phone numbers of other prominent state brow officials in his newsletters when delclaimed he was the victim of any legal conspiracy hatched by Jenny Roberts and novel in a conspiracy for larry elpolice would plant brain transmitters through the ear canals and into the brains of gay jail inmates the in atotters my favorite the inmates who may call the sting thing were then sent to the streets and someone inside for larry elpolice headquarters would give them instructions through the transmitter and if they don't do as they say they make noise all night long and to do go mad trying to get some rest is the timber coalition the newsletters said you're checking for them is very grub but also specific they won names of drug dealers in the orwellian swindell pendi was outfitted with a transmit around October 2002 and that police were trying to drive me crazy for last 18 months i was like a good job however record shows swindell has never been arrested and onore has they colonel background swindell was also determined to find the device to create a newsletters i've had oh you're gonna just love this i've had three doctors one cat scan one am are i and yet no luck finding this little bugs swindell wrote now it is time to go deeper and find exactly the people they're doing the talking and where they're permitting this activity to occur during a misconference Friday Jenny calls window an eccentric personality that can't Jenny what a kid her um the sheriff sets window is never undergoing a psychiatric evaluation Jenny also should have copied of a letter swindell sent him another county officials in January and the letters swindell claimed authorities were encouraging brow jailin mates to harass and threaten him and that the malicious behavior caused him to have heart attacks and bicycle accidents swindell also said the actions prompted his former landlord and for loaded a great side l to cheat him out of his rental deposit said l's wife mure anside l the client comment said today time divine a fortlardial became acquainted with swindell some of swindell a self-employed architect offered to design some furniture for him he said swindell never performed the work in sometime mentioned his anger to a broward county administrators he was a drug addict muskley not normal divine said jay and Evans a holiday would private investigator who briefly ran for sheriff this year said swindell called him shortly after events announced his candidacy and that swindell regularly sent him the newsletter you really feel like you're talking to a straight up elusive guy said haven't referring to his conversation with swindell then you listen to the content of what he's saying just let out know that he's way out left field you know there are mental issues when talking to him alionos and people like that who seem to be very lucid and very articulate and then you find out when he listen to the actions of what they're saying and watch their behavior over a period of time they're crazier than bedbug you know what I mean because my drift no he talking about nobody in particular five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only Verizon and singular wireless lines doing pretty good on that pull i thought this mic over like halvine Siberia but it's okay it's good it is good it's a good qa m hello hey nil yes sir you forgot one that's very near and dear to your heart for the pull okay don cucks oh yeah right yeah well you know he's got a good bit and that guy's one del the one that's gone already yeah that's him go ahead yeah well that guy has been posting stuff before he got busted he was posting stuff in news groups and he was sitting there it ended tagline on the on his emails was always uh that bush and put this thing in his head in 2000 and depth to the chugin and Christian police state you would find his stuff in the weirdest news group yeah and and he was mentioned he wore wellie and all his stuff and everything had all these little or wellie and cloaked the and about six pages this stuff from 1984 and the rest of the craft that were well wrote and he's pretty it's like a Bible the stuff which is make you pee your pants and well i'm gonna look it up i could use a peeing in my pants oh and speak of that there's steam rising above moutside hellins right now and the CNN's making a big go just in there it is steam rising about uh ten thousand feet above the creator's lip how do you like that aren't you excited they have made such ad you care about this no all i mean we were there i was pretty close to when it blew up the first time and dumped ash all over all of us yeah it doesn't seem like it's going to be doing anything if you can't find your right yet did so it was it was just gonna piss a little bit yeah it's piss a little smoke above the lip you can't see that's a lip the power is just a real rangers morning's in me day and we're the world of clock through fire it's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon the liberty fragrances have reached dazzling new heights and this with tinder has white diamonds Jennifer Lopez has glow and now Courtney love has plummidia plummidia the enticing new aroma from Courtney loves whole surprise the one you love by giving them plummidia the convigious fragrance from Courtney love look for the bottle shape like a woooo would just just look for the bottle for the media available it's smears right a gcpu and all gangrene's locations it's a while one and five system i like that bottle of shape like a uh oh did you hear that right there at the ash end of that let me just uh um oh woo woo just look for the bottle for the media available it smears right a gcpu and all gangrene's locations I didn't do it that time me this good thing you dropped it in it because it was just our imagination maybe we're just hallucinating yeah that's it anyway activist holds anti-native or hunger strike. Don't forget mad dog at you. He's going to be ripping the offense and asked for a two solid hours. And then when he gets done, the Humphors are going to come in and clean up and just tear it. They want that apart. Cheek by cheek. Bracom. Now I'm curious. Are we still doing the coach's show? You know, that is a very good question. I don't think so. Whatever happened to that. Well, of course, that would be pretty embarrassing. I guess that disappeared just like how to the Brian Murray coach's show. That kind of managed to probably for the same exact reason. The embarrassment factor. Now, I'm just curious because I hope the Humphor does not have to go interview one study every week. That would be a fate worse than death. A fate worse than having to watch a dolphin game in person. See, at least when you're watching on TV, you can be very amused in your don't miss. And let me also just say this to you. And I know that this is going to sound because a lot of you people are easily manipulated by the media. And you love your football. If you, I enjoy my NFL football to especially the Patriots. I'm 18 and a row, by the way. But I and I do have the package so I can flip back and forth between one game and the other get every game on there. But the problem is there are no games. In other words, the game start. And then they all go into commercial like you can spruce you know, how is it possible that there are times when every game is in commercial at the same time. Yeah, you have the ticket, right? Yeah. Yeah, because it's all the pre game is all the same also. If drives you create, well, I will let because it's just the two networks fox and CBS understand that. But I'm talking about what's the game starts? I mean, you know, there's injury timeouts or there are different things that happen. Maybe there are a lot of passes in one game that makes the game faster than games with like all running place. Or the other way around with a lot of passes if they're incomplete makes the game slower. But the point being that how is it possible that there is no play. And then of course, if you take the commercials out and then you take the time when you're turning out of the watch and some guy writing around on the ground, other injury that goes on for three or four minutes. Oh, now we got to go to another commercial because we got to get that in there while we got the injury time out. It's so damn frustrating. Where I keep of screaming at the set. Where is a play? Where is there any game? Even even freaking Washington, Cleveland, which I could care less about any game. Where is there something where there's actually a play going on? And that's not an exaggeration. It's reached the point now. We're through that I bet you if you can dinst. If you if somebody took the time to convince down and I'm not talking about just taking the commercials out. I'm talking about just the actual amount of time that the plays go on. You know what I mean? Yeah, from the time the quarterback takes this snap until the time the whistle blows when the play is over. If you just took all of the plays in the game, I bet you could watch it in a tear game in 20 minutes or less. Less. Maybe 10 minutes. But what does that say? You know about this marathon that goes on for like three, three and a half hours. Some of these games. Give us some action. Baby, give us something to watch. Some of the sick are teeth into Tom Brady. Activist holds anti-need or hunger strike. Santa Monica, California, a peace activist who once fasted for 63 days to protest movie violence and war toys is launching another hunger strike to persuade Ralph native to abandon his presidential bid. See when you heard the first party thinking, boy, this is somewhere old wacko. Love and I hear this party thinking, this is a great American. Oh, what cool it is. Jerry Ruben. I didn't know that and even though he was still around, I thought maybe he was dead. Oh, I got another one for our pull by the way David Brinkley. Okay. Don't you think? Absolutely. I mean, just because his eyes were falling out of the sockets and that Sunday morning showed us. I mean, I wish you to have a disrespect. David Brinkley, he was out with chat-hunter and Huntley, Brinkley for how many years. Not a man. And on that Sunday morning abortion, air with Sam Donaldson and that bad hairpiece and George Will of the Nazi and then training in drag. Jerry Ruben, 60 city pence to consume only liquids from Saturday until November the second. If neither doesn't take a meeting with him. That was this past Saturday. I know Ralph later, I don't think he's doing the right thing Ruben said. He said the consumer advocates campaign is dividing the progressive political movement. Many believe the votes later received in Florida Don, who does what God out of our gore had made a set off the election. Gorloss the state supposedly by 537 and metafact right there. Forget about the butterfly balance. Forget about Teresa LaPore. Forget about Katherine Harris. Forget about fat ass Governor Jim Bush. Forget about all these things. All you need to know is one person Ralph later. I think they had a stuff his ass. The 65 Corverer and put it in the ocean. Okay, for a few months, then let him come back. What a piece of crap. Ruben is often, oh, it's not the same guy. See, he is dead. I was right. Ruben is often confused with now to see Chicago seven defendants Jerry Ruben. He legally changes name to Jerry piece activist. Ruben to avoid confusion with the 60's radical. Yeah. The piece activists is no strange in the hunger strikes in 1988. He broke a two month fast with a bite from a giant pizza. Top with a pepperoni piece on that he then left her rambo star Silvestor Stallone. He again fasted 1997 to persuade movie production company Dreamworks SKG to abandon plants to relocate his headquarters to Wetlands. He collapsed after 26 days, but Dreamworks abandoned the ideas and could not reach a satisfactory financial agreement. So let's hear it for Jerry Ruben. What was the live? Jerry, what is it again? What's that name? Ruben said which no seriously Jerry piece activist. Jerry P. Ruben. What's like a money python, Dave? Right. Raymond luxury. Yeah. 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT and T in Verizon wireless line. Have an I too many people knocking the dolphins here today. It's going to disappoint clearance. He thought that's all people were going to talk about. We got an election coming up four weeks from tomorrow. And our program director here at your sports nerd station WQM. That's all you know, it's about as the dolphin game yesterday, which most of you are probably trying to forget about. I would think when you think that's all you bet already have. I mean, what's there to rehash? Crap garbage pathetic embarrassing, even little school kids are humiliated, but they're probably bringing their dolphin paraphernalia right now when you think exactly. How about you QA and hello? Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. That dolphin stuff sold knows no one to talk about it anymore. He was likely tell the other clearance to get a life. Get his own show. Well, I missed part of the show today, but what was the Canadian pull on? And we're going to do a tomorrow. Your favorite Canadian celebrity. Okay, but if you're not taking calls on that now, you know, I mean, if you want to give me one for the list, I can stick it on. You got you got a long green yet. Lauren Green, all right. That's a good one in the. Good shirt off. So you told me, why don't I? Why did you see what is sure on? I don't know how that happened. He's just a very very guy. Oh, God. Little bit had a pretty face, but from the neck down, toss it out. When it doubts his toss it out. Anyway, he, well, I'm a generation exer and, you know, he used to talk in the most fun. All the time. And I never really encountered anybody before, seriously, referred to themselves as a baby boomer age generation exer wires any of those. Because this is the way they brainwash people. And we, and as a because the government and the media being part of a ponad that, they don't want you to be like individuals. They want you to be part of a group. They want to like lump you all in together. So they can say you crap. So they can tell you what you're supposed to be wearing and eating and driving all of these things. So they can go step in line. Right. That's right. And with your group exactly. It says according to CBS, if you've ever wondered why corporate America Hollywood Madison Avenue in the media, all seem obsessed with the youth culture, the answer is simple. The latest generation of young people since the 1960s is beginning to come of age. It's called echo boomers because they're the genetic offspring and demographic echo of their parents. The baby boomers. The echo boomers. You see, you're following this now? I want to make sure you follow the connected dots followed the bouncing ball. Their parents were the baby boomers. And now they're like an echo image. They are. The baby, the echo, the Paul boomers, which means they fart a lot. Born between 82 and 95, they're nearly 80 million of them. They're already having a huge impact on the entire segment of the uh, an entire segment to the economy. And it's the population ages they'll become the next dominant generation of Americans. Who are they? Well, Steve Crawford report on 60 minutes last night, which you obviously didn't see any other kiss the ground you didn't. I am. And what you call an echo boomers generation why or millennials, they already make up nearly a 30 US population, already spend 170 billion years of their own and their parents money that's it. Like use that generation or echo boomers. I mean, that is got to be the most stupid ass crap. Almost none of that money has been on boring things like mortgages and medication. And the world is following all over itself, trying to sell them things. What brands do they love? Sony, Patagonia, Gap, Gillette, and Evita. What's what's the big deal with Gillette? What's the big deal with Evita? For Ron? No, seriously. I mean, why would they put what what I mean? I haven't even would Gillette with those uh, people, whatever those raises up for for as a new years now. What's the big deal with it? Hmm. Would you like to use like Gillette after shave? What do they call that? The Gillette makes that crap. Oh man, we're supposed to use no old spice like trick shave or whatever. Oh, God. They make more though. That's men and that's man. Yeah, you're right. I don't know what it is. Only a small percentage are eligible to vote yet they're already. Now, how do you like that? Only a small percentage are eligible to vote yet they're already one of the most study generations in history by sociologist andographer is marketing consultants like Jean Buckingham of the intelligence group. Remember the Buckingham's? Yes. So, and Buckingham uses focus groups together in information for clients such as NBC, Chanel, Nike, and Levi Strauss. Echo boomers our reflection of the sweeping changes in American life over the past 20 years. They're the first to grow up with computers at home in a 500 channel TV universe. They are multitaskers with cell phones, music downloads, instant messaging on the internet. They're totally plugged in citizens of a worldwide community. I'm going to tell you something. Remember I had my two dogs? Yes, like even the two of them on a day when they both had a bad bowl of grits and we're in a backyard like really, you couldn't look like you did this morning. Even the two of them never, I'm least such a crock of crap as this no wonder CBS is going to be put off the heat. I'm listening And shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake together, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, Shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake shake, shake, shake on shake, shake rich repost for however and i'm gonna tell you big chania hope he gets sliced by it would still to a to a pulp tomorrow and i'd debate because he is one of the biggest crutch to ever come down a pike he makes nixon look uh... like uh... voice god it's unbelievable there is no week that goes by that there's none of the story about how in fact that we got one on the website either day or tomorrow how he reans all these backdoor deals a hundred and uh... twenty three million here and uh... seventeen bit in over there and uh... kelog brown and root and halibut and this it just never ends that's why we don't see him he doesn't have time to be seen because he's to busy making backdoor deals can i say backdoor to more a joys not anymore we can w qa m hello hello now how are we gonna take us to the next level the dolphin just said i just can't go to the court are you sure how we're gonna take it to the next level let me level with you okay but plug w qa w q m hello hello yes ma'am hi i was calling to uh... talk about the elections go right ahead okay well um... i just thought George will in the airport which is what remind you uh... when you guys brought him up yeah i just saw him thirty minutes ago i and i wonder what he was doing here if you still left here from the debate or what but uh... what i wanted to uh... from you guys actually that's the debate to next debate is where you think that's going to go and where the emphasis is going to go as far as the candidates you know preparations or whatever for the next debate the preparations i think horses used a lot of preparation ages the preparation easy isn't yeah yeah here the next debate is supposed to be on domestic issues you know like tax cuts for the rich and the other you know that's how research and uh... was right to choose things like that okay unemployment all the meat one point seven million jobs that bush lost things like that okay just uh... i just wonder what you guys thought it was going to take for one of the candidates to really ride above the other i thought you saw that last third day well yeah what i'm gonna stand up and speak in the other one to show what a duke is he has never great day wow welcome to life-all radio boys and girls nobody thinks they're right against the left and the how about death of death penalty should we talk about that no no board should code hangers or a poor boy it's so hard to find so to ride that fine line you know you get chafed all the other room right all around the room sorry joys was just a slip of the uh... yeah don't you no good w qa w qa the show where they've run dry out of material i knew that was coming qa deal i saw bumper sticker up an anti bush bumper sticker was rather funny and girl had it on her car it said it said clean shavings read my lips no more great okay cute okay so there's like what seventy five and a row something like that but we'll press on i like to get about four five hundred calls in between now into a clock when you wants to a clock comes it's going to be that the stuff that clarances waiting for the nasi uh oh how do we get into the next level what are we going to do why's one steps to the wants to air up blows you know i still can't believe he still there w qa and hello i would have thought right after the game yesterday they put them on a bus w qa and hello hello yes sir i would like to tell me a lot of your please speaking ill horios right here speaking uh i knew uh i uh profusely apologize about uh not calling uh to send my condolences uh for your mom i didn't have no that she passed and uh second thing i thought what was that mean did you know my mother no i did not know but i had every i'm uh old-time listener no i bit time i know Tuesday we used to go on i have a lot of yeah well i did change in history my friend plus your tool to talk to one issue five six seven oh god all my what and all of a sudden we took a wrong turn in a road man first i got light bulb colors that want us to analyze the uh next debate next Friday and then we got this guy who's older than mathusler who's apologizing at my uh he didn't call about my mother dime which he's been dead for what 80 months now something like that a long time she doesn't even look warm anymore god hello hey Neil yes sir hello yeah Neil yes sir hey i got through good um did you see the 20 20 piece on Neil Bush no oh my god not about the silverado begging alone scandal listen no no no it's about screwing the horse and Hong Kong that's his wife found out about him screwing horse and Hong Kong free right and they were taking the video take uh testimony for her divorce and she told about how after 23 years and Mary's all she got with thirty thousand dollars a year for four years and the black man they cut her off now she's her son and non-gotta right and then she went and wrote there they gave all the info for her kitty Kelly book yeah and and uh he was on there and he was saying they said how many horse came to the door and he said oh i don't know did they said the man they said that did three come he said yeah I think the wish three did they have clothes on he says i don't know he said they said you you mean to tell me you don't know they were new to her they had clothes on he said yeah they were naked and it's a classy family man don't be knocking the bushes okay don't be beaten on the bush classy family five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless life not to mention of course that abortion in Texas that there nobody wants to talk about go on get the kitty Kelly book go register to vote first and go get the kitty Kelly book the family is matter of fact why you're reading the book you can play the music in the background so you don't have to be a tag in there have a family oh and guess what else oh but last night i saw what is probably the worst show in the history of television last night yeah on a ande okay the goddie or what if it was the name of that oh oh oh the girl gotty oh oh god that is the worst i mean the fact that any which is usually a pretty damn good never think i really great shows i like the cold case files they got biographies under they get a great channel what and how somebody might have must have made them an offer they couldn't refute don't take it most of not just human being i had her on my show years ago she was the guest back in the day when i was at the boring guest oh she was a pain in the esten and now she's an even bigger pain in the ass with her ugly kids and uh well what was that what what but i did it oh my god yeah but it's a reality show as reality all right sure somebody's fantasy somebody's lunacy that's gonna stay on the immortal like five minutes 26 after one but my saying hell is just got the big cloud up there there's a plume there's very very little ash in the plume is what it says the plume they've a ton that's what luna blur is saying right now armstock four to homestead wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining oh four is here just some of the great deals waiting on you and oh four f one fifty pickup just a dollar over invoice new oh four explorers just a dollar over invoice rangers crown vix torsis focuses all waiting for you and just a buck over invoice only at armstock four to homestead plus armstock four to offer is more valued with low customers when you buy a fort from armstrong four you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program that's right tires and batteries for life and the value get it armstrong four doesn't stop right there because right now you can get you a free floor to some pass with any vehicle you buy if you're pressed for time armstrong four knows your time is valuable so just chop over to phone by calling the 305 247 51 12 305 247 51 12 believe in one of that new vehicle right to you armstrong four to homestead they're locally owned and operated they'll feature like family no games no BS just the best deals in town nobody in switch no phony deals armstrong four to homestead you'll find them at 3075 south dixie highway just 20 minutes south of the 86 check them on the web at armstrong cars.com and and travel a little and save a ton on that new forward only from our friends at armstrong four to homestead you're listening to Neil Roger on five six six six six six two a-air as our troops to find America in the war on terror they must have what it takes to win yet John Terry has repeatedly opposed weapons vital to winning the war on terror I don't have a clue who said that or what they said carry even voted against body armor for our troops on the front line of the war on terror that clearly wasn't true. John carries record on national security probably this has been a crooked blind good good on that. I'm George W. Bush and I approve this message well there you go um You vote them this time, don't let them That's just the approach through the game Talk to the better, see Let us it, close our staff, there's it We are fighting, facing the man That's to a bit, as us set us up We don't live, feel better, see Let us in the clean, right, left the end Then those try and they'll push, When you're looking through Then they'll call, there's no Bye, boys, we're proud of you That's too early You, kill, you're right Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh You, kill, you're right As a boy that I call Then crowd, that, crowd, loud, loud And we like the play they say Like theенно rock and then drop Then you're golden And we're now round and So, for the Arnoldes increasingly falls In bats,iddlers, and foot Playing all moon Outer moon Outer moon? We're a clockwise, reverse Golden neck The last just the obanstruous again 27.02 man dog and two o'clock on a tear that you're all for an organization to bits and pieces do you think? Oh sure you're right Doug Thompson writes a capital hill blue, which you don't seem to impress by this website But I like it he writes his commentary the rant every day or whenever he feels like it Okay, homophobic you don't like this website. I do like the website. I don't know what you're talking about homophobic and Republican party was your mic open during a last commercial by the way I thought I heard you like Clurn your throat or something but it's possible Your mic was open like that by the way Oh, that's right. The house in the Senate in a rare moment of common sense. Sancte president George W. Bush's homophobic constitutional amendment that would have defined marriage as a union only between men and women That kills the issue for this year, but will be forced to visit it again as long as right wing white jobs dominate the Republican party of all the extreme positions that end date from the rabid conservatives that control the GOP and there are many None are more despicable than their outright hatred of homosexuals They may screen loudly that gay bashing actions like the proposed constitutional amendments are not homophobic, but they are such a great murder is easily from the same intolerance of bigot fian racism That still infect the roots of the grand old party. Yet they look the other way and practice a don't ask don't tell policy when one their own is gay Back in the early 1980s Terry Dolan's national conservative political action committee was the toast of the right wing While Dolan's homosexuality dominated Washington's whispers and people snicker to the anti-gaystances of the organization When Dolan died of AIDS, many Republicans publicly profess shock and privately side with release that he was gone Nowadays the rabid right wing idolizes openly conservative and pro Republican internet gossip manga mad drudge who bashes gays on his website But who was out at his gay by Jeanette walls of MSNBC in 2000 in her book dish walls interview a number of drudges gay friends including ex lover David Cohen Dredges response may you to me as a blurr Vice President Dick Taney's daughter was gay and he is split with the administration over the marriage amendment saying such a decision should be left up to states a position Work in system would clean GOP policies of states rights Cheney stand broad vicious attacks from the parties right wing Such hypocrisy is typical of the GOP they preach less government while increasing the size power and breath of the federal bureaucracy The espouse fiscal restraint while spending the federal budget of the largest deficits in history they claim a love of country while trampling on the Constitution The foundation of the nation with rights arriving laws like the USA pay tribute act And they talk of compassion while producing homophobia and bigotry they claim gays are out to destroy the American way of life Richard the Conservatives will like to toss in anyone who doesn't agree with their narrow view of the world and a Republicans eyes if you Equipped in the actions of their president your anti-American if you question is war in Iraq your unpatriotic and if you'd dare suggest that people of the same section Be able to love one and live together as married couple your guilty of crimes against god country and humanity Like most bigotry homophobia is driven by hate and fear bigots fear what they don't understand and they don't understand lot of things Fear and hate appeal to the lowest parts of humanity the simple minds that in their own ignorance claimed outdated concepts that a belief Plenty of you lifestyle or philosophy must be superior to another These hate mongers accuse others of hate while spreading their own violence name of god country and party And all they accomplish with their blather and blusher is to prove their own hate the Gethrian homophobia and the end They're sad pathetic people who should be pitting ignored and treated with the same disrespect the US Congress showed a rejecting George W. Bush's homophobic constitutional Mement on marriage Rights dog Thompson the rant He's running and raving over here 560 5050 560 pound five 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless line think that's gonna come up and need debate tomorrow We can only hope it probably not probably not probably not probably the Democrats alike run away from that one at which won't bring it up just keep saying halibut and Johnny boy That's all over and over again and of course the energy task force W Q a and hello not there W Q M hello W Q M hello Bring the 567560 I love it when they run out you know when it's like somebody pulled a plug went like when you run against my steely Dan Because it's so obvious I've never seen talk about people ghost stepping in line. I've never seen South Florida's a place where everybody just acts like in concert like together Here is South Florida and concert. I watched the charge. They all run out of material for same time. It's like movement which is a lot of fun for them W Q A and hello The God he's had huge ratings W Q A and hello The word the word show in the history of television yes, sir. Yes, Fred calling from Hollywood. Oh, let's go to Fred and Hollywood. Hello Yeah, but I want myself from the try to get me out there quick you're on there right now Fred. I'm talking to you. This is what you miss can't be any quicker than that That's ain't good thing you know, Rod. Are you sure as hell is What did you say? What can I do for Fred I'm not reporting when we get the catered in the bucket man. We're okay. Great five six seven. Oh five sixty. See you want me to hang up. Oh, is it important that we've got that that was something about bucket and some of the rhymes with bucket, which is what I'm thinking right now Man, I told you they're special Hello Hello, how are you doing? Okay, yes, sir. You're talking about the goddess when you're on you're talking about passion You're talking about the year and you got the goddess right what's wrong with that the goddess are good show God is a crap show man. It's garbage. All I did was showing her what her designer and what dress she's going to bring it out again a life you silly as queen It's a good show my ass God passion is at least funny. It's a spoof. It's a set there, but it's probably a little bit over your head. You don't understand it The fact that it's a set there. I said there's probably not your I mean, oh, it's a reality show and there's this body and that gotty Shut up around and get to the graduation. Oh my god. This he must have been an echo boomer at least the Supredo is a parody of the Guido's right I mean, he was either an echo boomer or a problem or one of the other echo I think I am fact may probably Paul when we're because I can smell it Best fits who best fits this description celebrity whose death was least Noted Carol O'Connor 120 more Howard the real 170 Philharman 44 Marlon Brando 39 Jan Barry 34 you think that's for real or is that like are they playing with her? I don't know Well, we never will find out Frank's apple 33 Cd accrues 28 Alicinas 24 Ray Charles 22 John and his candy 18 Dave Thomas from Wendy 17 come on put the burger down Dave Did on the biography thing is really on girlfriend easy ease about 16 On the biography thing on Dave Thomas because it was it was done. It's just a couple of years old. It's before he died And they showed that the way he would test out every time he thought that maybe the Wendy's format was getting a little stale or a little bit It wasn't up to stuff what he would do is he'd you know find a Wendy's anywhere he happened to be and he'd go through the drive through and he would get his double cheeseburger with pickles Mustard and whatever it really liked on it and he would go out and sit there and they actually filmed they showed him sitting there eating it Basically saying what's not to like how could there possibly be anything wrong with this? I'm not a bunch of people who are wrong with this and never was one. Huh? He was a match. He was a good guy 225 60 W. K. Way when you sharper quality footwear take those feet to a place that can't be beat which rhymes with See at Brande's man, you'll find the biggest less demands of women choose the best service and prices in time period What a combination that is it is unbeatable and it got all the top names that you know would love and usually it prices that Nobody else even comes close to rockports floor shime S.A.S. spirit timberland naturalizer and lots more and with Brande's humongous election You can just about that clearences life on it that you'll never hear sorry. We don't have that style in your size It's on the shelf right in a slap on your fat feet right now Brande's is open daily Monday through Saturday 9 to 9 every Sunday 10 to 5 And you find Brande's shoes it's 12 90 North animal highway in Paparovic. It's always worth the trip and again this week It's a great time to buy rockports at Brande's because all great men's of women's rockports styles are 20% off again this week It's an offer you better not refuse. So be sure to get into Brande's this week or visit them on the web at Brande's shoes.com You're the sneeze and meal ruggers All right, this is G Gordon Lillian. They don't come any worse than meal ruggers Who is Bobby's boobies shot the male regulars at Baghdad's new hooter's restaurant located right in the heart of the one prosperous financial district I am loving me, boobies that is right, I'm mad and you will even love more than who to this yak case at the S. It is a favorite of mine these fights on customers may say that the cheese taste a bit dirty but 95 cents who's going to complain I am not just as long as the rate is as huge look at you have that one much right this new hooter is recently converted from a destroyed elementary school on Akbar Abadu Just minutes away from any bummed up neighborhood So far we are at the time at night. So if you're craving some hot camel wings make tracks to hooters back that it's hood horrific 145 at 560 WCM and the poor Charles Branson that's a good one You could have a big one Yeah, you could have a good idea Yeah, even though it's like you pull somebody says Paul well snow model. We'd like to put him on there, but it's his celebrity. He wasn't a celebrity was a politician and yeah Too bad about that mysterious plane crash wasn't that it's too bad Hey, right before the extra serious range anyway, here's what it says how about George Harrison I go I second that emotion Love George Harrison, right? What's not like and also says go Edwards don't forget to marinate the big vice presidential debate anybody cared oh, it's gonna be good. Yes, it will and Here's one from Lynn who says one for the pool Phil Hartman six years later still makes me a well Phil Hartman's doing very well. He's in third place right now Lynn with 44 votes also she says more importantly my dog almost died from bloat over the weekend He survived emergency surgery thankfully, but all I could think of driving him to the pedomorgins He said it was the Michael Jackson time in my toilet bit where Michael says I hope you get bloat could you please play it for me? Oh Hello Oh Who's this the maid? No, this is the wife. Talia I like to speak with Tommy Victoria Hello, Tommy, what are you doing? What do you think of you girl? No, no, not Talia Let me talk to the devil Oh Tommy Victoria speaking this is Michael Jackson you lost your job You lost your job. Oh, I didn't look my job. I stepped down or sure. However you want to paint the picture Whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it, but you will lost your job You know actually it's kind of nice to hear you voice what kind of nice to hear anybody's voice What you talking about Yeah Yeah That's my message in wife. Let me tell you it was two for maybe five minutes a day But if I got to stay home on her every day. I'm gonna go crazy Now I have to fool you're getting your justice search Tommy Victoria that devil Oh, we do is eat Mexican food to me, jungles burritos, toastinos I got more gas and exon and you deserve to have the bloat Oh listen Michael, I'll reserve it somewhere I'll stop another label sure you would so you can destroy the career of other budding artists Are we going to Chevy? Yes, honey. We're going to Chevy Thank you very much. All right. Oh, cheese. It's not Chevy's it's cheese It's not cheese. It's not cheese. It's it's what's that driving place? I don't know what you're talking about. I called to be way too and all I'm getting is dribbler and Jimmy Chanda Me At minute I was to reason you were forced to be fired right? I know because I'm very very very Devolish I want to live in a mess I want to live in America All right, hey, look Mikey. I gotta go. Okay. I gotta take over the taco bell OK, Chevy. You want to come with us? No, I don't want to be seen with you. You are the devil So at this point I am finding myself having some sympathy for you All right, all right, all right, all right, I gotta go there Mikey. Let me tell you something If I were to find right now after neighborhood would go up Oh, God, goodbye 149 and five 60 QAM. I guess we're just out of test with him. I mean, I'm sure that we're probably going to call some of this week This week, Plexico Burris is a very is a wonderful name, right? Plexico right And the same with a guy Joe, it's a great show. It's not the like and it's got big ratings And it's a you really I want you to watch it once. I want to I want to tell you a little bit It was I could I have never seen anything so grotesque so pathetic so there's just no reason for it I've been somebody's gotta make some money I guess. I had to screech and throw a fit. Maybe the old man didn't leave We're not cash or something like that. I don't know what the deal is, but it's just Anyway, but don't forget the Donald's got big numbers too. The Donald. This might these must be the echo boomers We're ver. I'm telling ya. These are the echo boomers, man. It's a reality show. It's Jessica and Nick Rumors about them split it up by the way anybody care. No, who cares. He's probably going he's probably as she turned him around He's going the other way. I'll pick some casual sex off of her and I'll take some casual sex off in hand. So there you go Right there. Right there. Right. Just walk away. Another Florida Pirate Fine 17 grand. The FCC handed the penalty to Fort Myers Florida Resident Alexander Pierre Abelard after he was linked to an Allicense radio station operating from a least facility in his name. Abelard told us he's inspectors that he runs the Haitian radio network and operates the radio independent.com web suboclent that the transmitter belonged to somebody else whom we only identified as John Luis and for whom we had no contact information. While Abelard said he wasn't liable for the fine since he had provided the name of the station's owner. The FCC noted that the information Abelard provided was insufficient that he was indeed liable for the fine since he had the ability to shut off the part of the transmitter Abelard acquiesced that they request of the FCC inspectors shut that dancing off your crazy bastard before he put you on a banana boat back. Now who are listening to me? You go to New York Rogers. Exclusively on 560. 2A1. A. Stench of Palmanour. Hover is over this performance by the Galpis. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. We're the way from Ragey play. One of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best. Thank you. I'm Ed Dawd, I guess it's- It's a- It's a bad. Oh, the guy family. You got to watch that. It's great. It blows hard. It's a pathetic. And I encourage everybody listening if you haven't seen it on TV. And by all means get it. If you don't have any, if you don't have cable, and if you're slipper like that, then invade somebody's house. It's got the cable and watch him. You're running out. Leave everything behind. It is un- Acceptable. 5. 5. Let's get a few more of these calls because they were really sizzling as we got toward the end of the show today And look to that we don't have more time Y6705 165 560 I need Verizon and singular wireless lines. WM hello Yes, I'm okay. Great. WM hello Yes, sir. How you doing there sir? I'm doing okay. How are you doing? I'm doing Can be better. Yeah, I Do I need to how to get stuck up with the fight? Can he tell you the family? Yes, I have been reading some excerpts from it on the show. What do you think? I think it's great. I got an idea It's great. I'm a 27 year old who was born in this country I'm of a wheel of descent actually and this is the first year I'll be voting right I just say my registration if we could go and I I tell you that I I get a full public as close as I do now and it's just amazing you know how important is that everybody be heard You know what if you don't care then guess what and you got another thing coming and it's just You know, it's just been it's just been incredible my experiences and you know the object And they would have put together and it's just a you know I heard everybody about this pick And we are okay and there he goes. I was gonna ask Luis voting for us I think I I think I know but I'm not You know what I'm saying? Maybe he's a pretty recognized as voice you don't want to say it out loud Okay, now who now is this on the bat line? Hello? Hello, does this know I'm a Kent why are you calling on the air? I don't want to speak you on the air. I wanted to speak to Georgia Regus for a second off the air What do you want to talk to him for he's not answering the phones? You know if we're going to supposed to be my agent you haven't got any idea how this works Of course I know how it works that's where I was going on the private secret He didn't line that no one knows about you got your secret all right there there is no private secret There's only one my self-knowledge I'm sorry, I'm sorry, what do you want? I wanted to send George from dirty pictures. What did I add here? What about it? No he's gone You deal with them off the run your dirty pictures So we see this is the deal it over the weekend he's been he's been emailing me all these stories that he wants me to read all these political stories I want to send you to the pictures go find a life normer. Can okay? Maybe David Cohen Matt Regus for my boyfriend will turn a little number four you something okay Get out of here wants to send George dirty pictures. This is my agent. It's supposed to be feverishly working on important things What's he working on he's working on programming the show with a much of stupid ass stories that I probably already seen him all anyway He's working on sending a bunch of stupid ass dirty pictures to George. I hope the picture that I would be interested in that ded No, I think the pictures of Norema and Missлег's naked is what they are Well, addle and we can put him on our website okay Got what? To compromise? There we go Anyway, who best fits the description celebrity who's death was least noted we just give you a few here because Romus asked her Time tensairema can't Call you in on a bat line in the middle of show what I checkass men now you understand what I got to deal with Carol O'Connor 194 Mohour the real one 73 Phil Hartman 50 Marlin, Brando 41 Frank對啊 73 Phil Hartman's 50 Marlon Brando 41 Frank Zappa and Jan Barry 35 and after that fairly small birthday