Well, we got some tickets, man. We got tickets. You better get on those lines right away. Why are you saying you wear our shoes? We got a whole bunch of tickets right behind the whole place. We're getting a cheetah's face being on the team. Cheetah's doing all right. Don't get as much a critting say. No one can spoil the critting. There you go. Cheetah's doing all right. It's a 10 or two. Now let's see. Have you got a good friday or unhappy good friday? Is this like you can get rid of the juice? It's like one of those unhappy holidays. Maybe it's just good friday. Like hey. Well, everybody is good friday. Oh yeah, especially to a clock for me. But I don't know how much you say. Well, happy holidays to be happy Easter. Get them eggs out, man. And we got tickets. Do we ever have tickets? Do we have tickets? No. What? Yes. Of course we have tickets. We always have tickets. I'll let you in. 14. Look at all these phones are ringing. And many people are such suckers. It's just so sad. It just breaks my heart. It just tears my guts out. Like somebody reaches inside you like in what I was at moving. I don't know. Alien. Oh. It's a groiny weaver where that thing was popping out of her poop again. Oh. Somebody just reached inside and put your guts out. Anyway, what American city that you used to love is turning into a toilet that was our pull question yesterday. I would have some more death results here, some more numbers. But I can't. There are so many deaths now that I can't keep track anymore. I say that would great despair. But it's just a pathetic. I'm talking about soldiers, your people, or dying every day in a rack. And it's just that you can't, they don't even make the news anymore. Maybe on the crawl, way down on the bottom if you're sitting there reading for like several hours at a time. Just find out that a couple more Marines died here and a couple more over there. But it's not even more talking about anymore. According to the news media, because it's bad for bad for the government, bad for business. What American city that you used to love is turning into a toilet. Look at the way Miami just powered over everybody else. Look at that. All we had 1492, which was a damn good year for Columbus. Yes, I was. 1492 votes, which is not bad considering there is nobody in town. And we started the pull after a lot of clock yesterday. Not bad. Josh, whatever his name is into, he pressed about that. That's good. It's not bad. Miami though is bad, 739. Look at those people who made it what it is today. Brought saying that after seeing this pool. But they are saying, if you don't like it, get out. Adios. Key West 138. Fort Lauderdale 112. So only three cities had over 100 votes and they were all in Florida. In fact, for the top five were in Florida with Detroit getting a new to message all up. Detroit was fourth with 93. That was my vote man. Detroit used to be so great in exciting. Used to be a vibrant. It was the capital of music. It was Motown. It was all of these things. What happened? And then all of a sudden they had those riots when they burned the city down in 1967. And released parts of it. And never came back. So if you ever have a chance to go to Detroit, my best advice to you is, don't. 93 for Detroit, Hollywood Florida 66, which used to be, I don't know, that it was ever. Well, see, the question is what city that used to love. So it's all subjective. Not that Hollywood was ever that great, you think? No. Atlantic City, New Jersey 56, LA 53, which was a late edition. It's a good thing for Rajashe get out of there before was too late. Orlando 48, another Florida city, New Orleans 48. And they were pretty passionate about that too. Norlands, VNA, real toilets. So they said the big night. Great. Patterson, New Jersey 33. That to me is the real shocker. The fact that I said like, and look at this, Josh, or Zac just passed me a back my pole. Oh, okay, George does that all the time. I thought you might want it again, just in case. Now, what does this say go to lunafill.org for them to casually report? Oh, okay, thanks Pete. I don't want up to the minute. Okay, just I can't handle it anymore. It's grotesque. Isn't that the pressing to watch the numbers? I just think that the numbers go. But do you see the pictures yesterday? The guy, the kids in the tank? Oh, man, one that was all bloody in the middle of the day, but they had a drag him out of there. It just, this stuff has got on and the public sits back and all the cliches. Oh, we must never let this happen. Again, and we must, you know, and he who we peats the mistakes of history, all the other crap, you know, we keep doing the same things over and over and over again. You will be pleased to see me for our finish with a pull result. That at least the over half of the public isn't buying a bull crap because CNN asks, are you satisfied with kind of leases testimony from yesterday? 107,000 votes they've got, 107,647 to be exact a couple minutes ago when I printed this out. Yes, 46%, 49,906, but no, 54%, 57,741. So 54 to 46% of America is not satisfied with kind of leases testimony and since that 10 to go pretty much against political lines and the way people are feeling about things, all of these things, that ain't too good of a sample to wish my sister a thing seemed to become on their unraveling. Let's see, Patterson of Jersey 33, which must really be a sewer, all of it's in Jersey, so it speaks for itself, for a horrible state. Philadelphia 32, which is right across from Jersey, but maybe it likes steeps over from Camden. Rochester, New York 20, my hometown, which used to be a nice, you know, kind of a nice place to grow up not too bad, but now it's not too good. Let Michigan 16, Camden, New Jersey, another Jersey city, 15, Baltimore, Maryland, 13, Indianapolis, six, and Wilmington, Delaware, had four out of almost 1500 votes. So Miami wins hands down, it's just ain't what it used to be, there's some real problems in Miami, ever shop downtown Miami? No, I talked to people, like for example here in Toronto, and they'll say, well, what is downtown Miami like? Is it like downtown Toronto when I go like, oh yeah, we always go downtown to shop. When's the last 10 year in downtown Miami, other than maybe it up sporting event? Oh, he came, that's it. No, that's a sporting event, supposedly. Hey, listen, we got heat tickets. We got Marlon tickets. We got dolphin tickets. We got panthers tickets. We got tickets for the Leafs, or probably going to get swept out. That was a very, very disappointing and pathetic performance last night. They missed a bus to the arena, unfortunately. And of course, it's only right here at the air can of the center, but they really stunted you out. It was bad Ottawa looking far superior last night, beating Leafs for the two was very sad. It could be a very quick series, especially if auto wins again tomorrow, it'll be all over. Very, very depressing. But after all these years, I guess you ought to be used to it, right? I ought to be used to it. Anybody want to know those panther tickets? Hey, it was a flookie ball. Okay. Oh, rig five, man. He's a real trip. Anyway, Bob Cole needs to be put out to pass you by the way. You know, Bob Cole don't you, but at the four strands of Harry, Holmes across his head? Sure, man. Oh, man. He's just brutal. Anyway, we don't want to talk about that because it's hockey. Nobody cares about hockey. Want some panther tickets? Oh, we don't have any tickets. WCWM, hello. Yes, sir. Speaking. Yeah, how you doing? Pretty good. How about that showing down trail last night? Yeah, how about that? Oh, I'll be incredible. Yeah, three hits. Yep, three hits, man. He's got a lot of... Nice. Time there. You almost got that. He teams at the number 21 people there, and I'm sorry we only have any tickets. He's just sucking them out for tickets. That is the worst seriously. I don't want to pick on Joe Rose because he's a good guy like I said the other day. But he's picking up where Ferrell left off, and I'm sure it's not Joe's fault. It's probably Miguel's fault. Or somebody in the... Oh, I'll tell you right now who's fault it is. Clarence. Only Clarence. I know Dufflandoo because Duff is death. It doesn't set against that given away tickets on here. It's bad, bad, horrible radio. It's an instant tune out. It's only bad when they call up in big. No, but hey, that's what they all do. They humiliate and degrade themselves. I'm not talking about the Marlins. Why don't I give a crap about the Marlins, okay? They're often when I start there two out of three. They're two and one. It's good. They do 18,000 or 21 on a day when nobody's in town, which I think that's pretty impressive. We'll see how long you can set up. I'm still surprised. Although Dufflandoo was pigeon, which he's always brings out a lot of extra people, right? True, yes, absolutely. But I think that's fine. More power to him. I have nothing against him and nothing for him. I'd say, but given away... Look at those lines, everyone. Another frantic. We want those tickets and we want some hea tickets. Last season, and this is the truth. Now, keep in mind, this is the team that eventually won a World Serious, okay? As we all know. Your World Champion, Florida Marlins, we couldn't Georgianize discuss that many times. We couldn't give tickets away. Literally, we could not give them more in here. True. Last year was tough. Really in the season. Then, for round came a long and for round that. He made his whole show about given tickets away, which is one of the many reasons he had around no more. Although a lesser reason. Those were crazy shows. There were horrible shows. Crazy horrible shows. We give out five. That's easy. It's all part of about 15,000 people out there. My section. Well, have an origin in a section G. Right. Yeah. Well, look for the G spot. And it was just awful stuff. And all just time. He did get a lot of people to come out there for free. Of course, the interesting part about that is, see as the psychology of it is, you get the tickets for free. But then you get out there and you have to buy. You know, I have to pay for parking. You have to pay for sodas and beers and all this other crap, you know? And whoever was peddling the drugs out there in that section, I had to pay for those. But it's just the psychology of, oh, I got the ticket for free. So therefore, and of course, the interesting part of that is probably the ticket is one of the cheapest things in a whole deal, right? Of course. We got two polls we're going to do today. First one's pretty boring. But the second one I was inspired when Fat Boy came in this morning. Josh, were you sitting there when Fat Boy was here for that? Oh, screens. Hi, Paulie. I mean, he's one of those people. You just cannot chase away. He just doesn't get it. He just will not go away. And comes in there and gets on him. Oh, hi, Paulie. What's going on? How is everything going on? I can't wait to see him on there, but. Oh, man. He's enough to make me cancel my trip. I'll be honest with you. So the second poll I think is going to be really sensational. We'll see. The first one first, just for an hour, will do this first one to 11. It's a bligger to Regus. Who do you think was most responsible for allowing 911 to happen? We also have to add nobody could have stopped it on there. OK, can you go ahead? I can handle it. Because I didn't, uh, facts that they're. Who do you think was most responsible for allowing 911 to happen? FBI, CIA, Condalisa, George W. Bush, Bill Clinton, or nobody could have stopped it. Now, I don't know. Maybe there are other people who should be put on there, but, um, I don't know. Don't you think that how about, uh, well, CIA is George Tenet. So I think that covers it pretty well. Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. He, White House member being declassified after Condalisa's rather embarrassing and nervous performance yesterday. And we spots to request by the 911 Commission that White House is now working to declassify that PDV. Everybody else is talking about PDVs. Most people don't even know what that is. I think it's like PCP and T.C. at T.C.B. Yeah, what is that? Presidential daily briefing. These are highly classified documents. Anyway, this one was August 6, 2001. A document that was the subject of that he'd questioning during Condalisa's testimony yesterday, where actively looking at the declassification process right now that determined the possibilities of making the August 6 PDV available. So national security council, spokesman, Sean McCormick, because the political pressure is tremendous. And because they want to cover the rest. Got it? Yes. One, thirteen. Happy Easter. Happy Pace Off Man. There's still sucking up that Mzza. Oh, I love it. Like it's going on. I don't know you don't. But you love anything. Mzza's tasteless. I don't know. You love the salt and the butter on there. Did you ever eat it plain? No, I don't. I don't eat it with butter. I just eat it plain right off the box. Oh, no. Yeah. That's how I was taught my parents make Mzza broil a time. Which is good. By the way, some bad news. I don't know if I should mention it on the year about George's brother passing away. Oh, I don't know about that. I didn't either till Fat Boy told me. Sorry, George. Send along your sympathy to George and his family. Well, he's had a long streak of bad stuff going on in that family. But anyway, he passed away and you know what he was? Oh, fat. That's what Fat Boy told me. The fat people of the dead people. I just mentioned that, Zach. Oh, so quote with a Mzza crowd. 1014, a QAM. If your mattress is worn out, maybe because your fat slobby like wearing an out just laying on it. Dilemma actresses the play showed to be calling you at 1-800 mattress because these folks have everything they see in their advertising. 600%. Their competitors still lie like crazy. When you see a mattress at making outrageous claims be sure and read that fine print because there are lots of lies waiting in the weeds for. For example, here's a big headline. It says no down payment. No one Chris, no payments for 24 months. Well, guess what? Tiny printed the bottom reads like an encyclopedia of disclaimers. Recus a minimum purchase higher than the advertised sale price. Many times, not a single advertised item would even qualify for financing. And interest penalties are 21% or more, forget about it. Shoppers in these financing the most rarely even qualify. When you do business with dial matches, you'll be pretty pleased to know that the rats have no tiny print, notice claimers, no lies. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll find out there's never an extra charge for same day delivery. Dialometrist takes same day orders all day long from Candleless through it Palm Beach to Fort Myers. When you call 1-800 mattress, you pick the date and two hour delivery window. You want your mattress delivered. They show up, set up the brand new one. Take away the crappy smelly old bedding too in order to charge. So call right now and you'll understand why dialometres is ranked the best in the world. No more or oh, no, an overall customer satisfaction. And dialometrist reminds you to read that fine print because they might make sure you know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them. So do what I've been doing for years, give them a call at 1-800 mattress or log out of that website there's at mattress.com. Dialometrist 1-800-MATTR-ES, the honest and the smart way to get you a great night's sleep for years to come. You're a sports radio 5-6-1, you a m. At the farm. W-I-O-D. Hello. Take it central. Hello, Colonel, have a ticket please. I've told for what? Uh, let me just know from the ticket that he's giving. What are they for? Oh, damn. Yeah, no. I guess I can't get him because I don't know what they're for, huh? Well, I mean, if you wanted him to... I can hardly hear you suck us out and debate you was on so far. But I mean, if you wanted a free ticket, and you don't know what they're for, I do not know what they're for. You want him just because they're free, and you don't even know what they're for. Yeah. For the horse racers? Yeah. Uh, in the... Depolations in top to no. They're for races in Pompano at the Irish Fest. They're having horse racers at municipal stadium. Well, you tell me what's it for. I want them because I have some friends at the town I want to give it to them. So what? For the horse racers? I don't know where it's called. Well, that why did you call? You heard that magic word didn't you? Sweet, right? Isn't that what you did? You heard Neil say, sweet. Hello? Hello? Yes. You want him? Yes, I would like him as a kiss. Hold on. That was great. Oh, that's a greatest call of all time. It's a free ticket lady. That's what's out for the radio's all about. That's what's out for the radio part. That's unbelievable. That's what it is all about right there. That nasty, but I just said, lady, I wouldn't even say nasty. Just saying, she had no idea what they were for. Anyway, I noticed that we haven't added that on. I know that Josh is under a lot of other way. He got it. Nobody could have stopped it. Just did it when I was looking. I always went. At least expected. He sticks it right in there. Anyway, we got on the behind the velvet robe. Beating curtain thing on our website. Neil Rogers.com today. If you're over the age of 75 and have many pieces of ID and 45 adults who will vouch for you. Lee Ann Tweeden. Do you know who that is? Oh, yeah. The lovely picture by the way, her bio goes on forever. Lee Ann Vales Tweeden was born on June 13, 1973 in Manacis, Virginia, which makes your body... But, good man. He closed two in a few weeks. She's 5-8, weighs 115, her measurements are 34, 24, 35. She has brown hair and eyes. But this is some bio. In fact, a lot of things in here. I can't fucking read on the air. She's got, I can't say that. Lee Ann took off for Colorado Springs at the tender age of 17, where she worked as a waitress at Hooters. Although much attention is paid to her employment at Hooters, it seems she actually worked there for two days. She gave up acceptance of Harvard to go into modeling full-time. She was a playboy. A cover girl. She was on this. She was on that star search TV series. The Vicky Lauren Show, Eden Quest, Jerry Springer Show, Entertainment Tonight. 1996 was her big break year when she landed a role in fitness B20SPN2. CoverModel and posted for a layout at August 66. She was a playboy. And also, being the model for lead character new comic book, COVID-13 from no mercy comics. You know what that is? No clue. Well, I'm surprised at that. I thought you'd be reading pornographic comics. So there you go. Lee Ann, tweeting, wheyn, no Lee Ann rhyme. She's on our website today. If you have plenty of ID. Now, also on our website because I'm not going to definitely take the tender read all of this. It would be really fond of this. But those people of the world either a little bit dubious or maybe just curious about Condolees' testimony yesterday, which I thought we did a pretty entertaining job if I say so myself. Absolutely. It wasn't as entertaining as giving away those tickets. Nevertheless, come on, Joe, don't do that no more. Don't let Clarence destroy your shine. Or it's a Clarence thing, man. That kid is such a putts. Give it away. Tickets. Boy, that is so, oh, man. It is so low, so desperate. And, fact, what we ought to do is auction those tickets off on the obesity website. Don't you think our QM.com? Yeah, why not? And pretend to money's going to charity. It's another great revenue stream. If you ask me, huh? Anyway, on our website, we got a great article, claim versus fact, Rice is quite an answer to testimony before the 911 Commission. It's written by the Center for American Progress, and it goes down statement by statement. For, yeah, I just give it an example. I'll just read one because it's very long. Clarence, I don't remember any reports to us, a kind of strategic warning that claims might be used as weapons. Responding to Tom Kane. Fact, Condolees was the top national security official with President Bush at the July 2001 last month, on the 7th of January, the US officials were warned that his lawmaker, risked might attempt to crash an airliner into the summit, prompting officials to close the airport airspace over January, and station any aircraft guns at the city's airport. And then it gives you the source for all these 2 L.A. times, White House release, and it goes on point by point to a counter a lot of what you said yesterday, as she lied to that big gap in her teeth. But a lot of people were very impressed by Dr. Rice, or Dr. Clark, whatever her name is. Now here we've got promo today too. This will kill some good time. Join Golden Knight 6 to 8 at the Davy Quarter Deck. That's guilty. Fact, if you talk to him real life, so just sit there and make that sound for a couple hours. At 31.55, University Drive. Stop by for Amstell Light Specials when Marlon tickets that were talking. Oh, right! And registered to one trip for two to the WQM Ice Land, open in June. What is that? Uh, the WQM Ice Land? Yep. What is it? Oh, the Ice Land open. See this is so poorly written. I bet you this is a Miguel thing. I mean, Clarence thing. The QM Ice Land open in June. It must be some golf tournament or some stupid thing. And then join George tomorrow afternoon from New Deal to its celluline and authorized Verizon Wireless store at 4410 West 16th Avenue in High Lea. Stop by to win Marlon's tickets and other low budget prizes that we have at QM. That's from our from New Deal too. So poor George who they just buried his brother I guess. A little hesitant to say that because Fafoys been able to allow though he would make something like that up. I hope George will tell you about the evils of fat. Thank you. I want to go by there. Zack maybe you can talk you into like a drop and at the Lonnie sandwich on the ground and just give it to the pigeons or something. We have the Lonnie here? Yeah, I'm practising here in a right now. Look at that pole already man. We're only doing this the first hour. Then I got a fun pole for us. All right. What do you think was the moment? What do you see it right there? You're fasted back to me. I know. What do you think I would let you off of there so far but you're pushing? What do you think was the most responsible? Who for allowing 9.11. And 115 votes George W. Bush 47 the CIA 20. Nobody could have stopped at 14. Condolese of 13 FBI 11 and Bill Clinton 10 so far. So hop on that real quick because it 11 o'clock. We're going to change it. I mean when and the next pole is going to be I think it's kind of fun. I was inspired of course by that visit I had this morning. This is the furthest thing for my mind. Hi, how are you? When he came in the word obnoxious came to mind. He just drives me up the wall and he doesn't get it. I just don't want to talk to him. I don't want to see him. Even threatened to come in and those shorts again on Monday. Just so I could see him in these shorts. And I said it would steal the poop bag off the plane just in case. Ah. I hope not. Do you hear what that was? Do you hear that sound Josh? That sounded like. I'm trying to. I'm trying to. So Zack is auditioning for Gellie's spot. Well, some don't have to fill the breach. In fact, you can be back with Mola again. Wow. When Gellie starts doing those Panther games if they ever have another season. Whenever that's going to be, then you can be back together with your best personal friend. Mola. Absolutely. Say that could be interesting. Match made in heaven. Yep. So this is going to be the second pool based on what you know and hear on the air. Who do you end this is just for fun? Just to rip somebody and ask, who do you pick is the most obnoxious person in WQA? And now here's the list I got so far. Todd Drek. Jeff High also known as. Hi, how are you? Fat boy. Yolty. Bap. Neil. George. Nick. The Hebrew hammer. Mabel. More Howard David. Absolutely. Screw in. Ficky Carlos. Greg Reed. Duff. Clarence. And any cap. Any cap on there just because he's on the stamp. But he's not going to. Oh, I don't left off the big. Yep. Be sure and add him on there too. He'll get a lot of votes. The big. Oh. Do I leave anybody else off? Conspicuous. Kimbo camp. I'm not putting him on there. Nobody would vote for him right? No. That would be like that would be like putting Kim molded on there. I mean, Kim is just as sweet parties. And anybody that would call cannot not just we come and beat that person up, right? Oh, absolutely. And the big. There are people think he's up not just. But he does go to that combine. And if he'll combine and paces all the way, we want you to know that. Okay. That's very important stuff. So that'll be the pull of the clock. We got the stern story. Of course. The FCC just considering to go wild. I told you, but everybody thought I'm overreacting. There's Neil again. Get in two carry away. All melodramatic. I told you. And if anybody really thought clear channel was put in stern back on here in Florida. Or any other clear channel stations, man. Oh, I could. There's only one word that you need to think of. Okay. Oh, got about it. Right. That's official now, but there was never any chance it was going to happen anyway. Because they lie a lot. 27 past 10 at 5 60 WQM. If you want to know more about following a low carb diet because fat people are Dying like crazy. I want you to know that fat is not where it's at. Zach. What? If you want the best tasting biggest lesson of low carb foods head for a deal. The lights are westboker whether you're starting a restarting the atkins. The sugar musters, the scatkins, the South Beach, that way those low carb sugar re-dots. The lights are westbokers always been the number one low carb store in America. And for good reason with over 1,200 low carb products to choose from, including breads, Biggles, cookies, crackers, chips, brownies, chocolates, carbolette ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes, and so much more. All of these things. Exactly. And don't forget if it's new and great tasting in the low carb line, the lights have it before anybody else always. The open every day, seven days a week from 10 in the morning till 10 p.m. And you can always try anything in the store before you be buying it. And the staff at the lights, we know it's dieting and setting up. They can have it out. And as far as atkins brands, products are concerned, the lights carry the biggest line, the biggest selection, and they're always on sale all day every day, even on circus. The lights are westboker. They're on the northeast corner of blades and 441. That's right next to Boston Market, who amazingly are still around. Call them till free. Delights at 1-877-LOW-Carb.ail-O-W, C-A-R-B, or on the Web, you'll find it at lowcarb.com. Don't forget there's only one. Lot of stores have similar names. Don't get sucked in. There's only one Delights at Westbokens, your official Atkins retail center. The only one that knows this poor Twentiel, five-sister, two-way-ev. Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their five-alpersons better? Well, I have the answer to your prayers. From the makers of YouSank My Martyr comes again the whole family can enjoy. Crucifixion! Crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible. And it's easy to play. First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible, and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it. But be careful, if you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus doll gets nailed. I'll play the desk. How about a kid? No, sorry, Billy. I'm sorry, it's so bad. After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses. But don't worry, in three days, you can play again. So run down to your local Crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion. Why not play tonight? Come through the small Jesus doll nails in a tiny spear, fake blood wouldn't cross and hammer not included. Crucifixion, a product of Trinity Brothers. That's a great bad taste on the karate man. I've got some bad news from Iraq. Oh, a large explosion heard in a simple bag there. There actually on CNN got the pictures there from El Jazeera. What you really can't see anything? Have you even seen it? No, no, no, no. Why not? The TV is not working right. I got it. Josh, wait a minute. The TV in my studio, there is not working right? I turned the power on, turned it all again, turned it all again. So I have to do it, turn it to break and try to fix it. I see. Anyway, with a show on all these pictures, but there's really nothing to see because, you know, there's some trees, there's some palm trees. In fact, it looks like calendar. I think that was a picture of calendar. Anyway, there's some bad crap going on over there again today. And some more bad crap. Iraqi insurgents said they had seized four Italians into Americans on the Western outskirts of Baghdad today. Now yesterday we saw the South Koreans, the seven Getskis that they released, but then the three Japanese, what they had, did you see that footage? Yes. That was really, uh, grow test stuff. It's amazing when they show. Just terrorizing those poor people. And just there were the knives to the, uh, throats and the guns to their heads and telling the Japanese that if they don't take all their troops out of there, they don't have all that many. What is this? 550 something like that. But if they don't take their troops out that, and within three days they're going to like Bruno's people alive. And knowing the kind of barbarians that we're talking about wouldn't surprise me if they did it. A writer in the Japan says, no, we're not going to do that. A writer's journalist saw two captive foreigners said by the insurgents to be attacked in Zemaskan village in the Abu Ghout, Graiib district. One was wounded in the shoulder, both were weeping. Why did they weep? U.S. soldiers in the tank in the area near the village of Al-Dahab al-Abi. Why who knows what these names are? So they knew some Americans would take a hostage, but I'd know the tales. That's why we're sealing off the road, said one soldier. So this is the new deal now that they're taking a hostage and making all kinds of threats. And it's just by and day by day getting worse and worse. Last report of the heardon, the Sheraton hotel in Baghdad is what CNN is reporting right now. It's a mess. It's a quagmire. You can't spell quagmire without IRAQ. Got it? Got it? You can't spell Iraq without a quagmire or something like that. Who do you think most responsible for 9, 11, a half, and I love the way that Josh continues his illiterate run here. It's beautiful. Nobody could have stopped it. He's not not nobody could have stopped it. Nobody could have stopped it. Now you can't possibly be that illiterate. I mean, you sound fairly articulate like you can put like string of sense together. I realize the pressure working with the event, boring is starting to get to you. But nobody could have stopped it. I just put with you what you said. That's all. No, I think I said nobody could have stopped it. And I want to say it, Jack. Yeah, thanks. And that would like any rational articulate person even like some slump like me would say, Nobody could have stopped it. I have not nobody could have stopped it. Well, why bother? Anyway, George W. Bush 81. Nobody could have stopped it. 34. CIA 29. Condolizes to out 21. FBI 13 and Bill Clinton is got 12. By the way, Clinton testified for a three hours yesterday behind closed doors. And they said you've done a good job. What they said. And he was cracking a lot of jokes about the blue dresses. What I'm hearing too. Anyway, speaking of that kind of stuff. Clear channel officially drops during this program after. The FCC yesterday fined the nation's largest radio operator chief channel $495,000 for comments made during Howard Stern Show. The penalty against Clear channel was the second largest fine ever issued by the government for an indecency violation, trailing these 755,000 metal penalty against Clear channel in January for foreshows hosted by radio personality Buffet Love's Bunch in Tampa. Windows appeared broken at the Sheraton hotels. What it says here. Large explosion in central Baghdad and the show on I don't know a couple of soldiers there and they're walking around. I probably got the cameras in the wrong place. Clear channel immediately announced that it drops during from at six stations. Had a broadcast to show in February with the threat of the fine looming. Clear channel suspended during show. Let me say again, they never had any intention. Believe me of putting him back on in Miami or any other or sick markets. Mr. Stern Show has created a great liability for us. Another broadcasters who air it said, John Hogan, president of Clear channel radio, the Congress and the FCs and now understand when my friend Derek can't stand John Hogan. The Congress and the FCC are beginning to look at the revoking station licenses. That's a risk we're just not willing to take said, John Hogan. Hogan also said to anybody called a deafening silence from the Stern Show on their future plans to comply with the law. And a statement on his website, Stern D. Right to the FCC and Bush administration for imposing their opinions and rights to tell us all who. And what we were listening to in Washington, how we should think about our lives. He had in its pretty shocking that governmental interference into our rights and free speech takes place in the US. Which I haven't tried to tell us all the ins for weeks and weeks and weeks now, but like that. And of course, Howard, if he would have hopped on that thing right, he had the perfect vehicle or he had that opportunity from his own list and that's got kid in the York if he would have worked with him. He could have had the million signatures in two or three days. At least there. And they could have already placed that big ad. They could have liked at least try to put the brakes on this madness. And at least got the public to have a voice, but no. Stern's pocketer show is aired in major markets nationwide for more than two decades. During that time, the FCC is levied fines of more than $1.7 million against infinity, a unit of Viacom. And infinity owns Dernjoin broadcasted on 18 stations across the country, including WCKGFM and Chicago. And infinity, which in the past has said it had no plans to stake, takes Dernoff any of its stations that no comment is then the FCC fine, in the same order by the way against clear channel. The FCC asked its enforcement staff to investigate Stern's broadcast on infinity stations in all 35 stations nationwide still carries Dernjoin. Proponents of legislation in Congress to increase punishments for broadcast deemed in the former police sites during radio and TV shows as examples that crossed the line. I guess they forget that his TV show was on cable on E. That's right. The FCC guided by court orders to find something. Well, we know what that is. A movement to crack down on broadcast deemed in these days gain momentum since the pop singer Janet Jackson's breast was exposed. Janet Jackson's the anti-crite although that was just an excuse, but that's the tragic part of the whole deal. As they used that as an excuse to just go crazy and just trash the first amendment, trash people's choices, trash the broadcast industry, the point where there's basically nothing left. They deforestation thing even Jeffy forks is upset about it. Yes, he's fine again. I'm a big part of it. I'm sorry. It was perfect timing. I mean, that thing popped out and that was it. That was it. It was a great excuse for them to shut down on everybody. The FCC's fine against third channel to gain with the listener, complaint about the broadcast to Stern Show on WBGG, the company station in Fort Lottodale, April 9 broadcast of last year. In a 20 page order that focused on two segments from that show, the FCC said it found Stern's discussion of the sexual practices of certain cast members to be badly offensive. Specifically, the FCC said that next day in which Stern told the audience that a cast member John and his wife have anal sex every other time they do it, the John's wife loves anal. This is a news story by the way. Just reading it. The FCC also cited Stern's comments regarding his personal revulsion at the thought of a naked sweaty obese man engaging in oral sex. It ended at Stern's discussion of anal sex in his commentary on oral sex are punctuated by the sound of someone passing gas or evacuating. The fine covered the same broadcast on third channel stations in Pittsburgh, San Diego, Louisville, Coco Beach, Florida, and Honeyroy Falls, New York. Honeyroy Falls. Where's that? Oh, you don't want to know. It's upstate New York. The five member FCC board made up of three Republicans in two Democrats voted unanimously to approve the indesensifidig and the fine. Oh, where are you? San Antonio based third channel can appeal the fine, but it's not expected to do so earlier this year they paid that almost $800,000 fine for Bobbert Love's Bunch. While the fines are large for a 200 station company such penalties easily could put smaller broadcastes out of business, Thursday the union that represents honorary duty and TV personalities, one of the companies quick decision to drop Stern, demonstrated the dangers of allowing one company to control a large portion of the media. This is likely to send a terrible precedent sent Tom Carpenter, National Director of News and Broadcasting for the American Federation of Television Radio Artist after a, there are likely to be some very serious repercussions for artists to be heard or seen when one company can determine the decency standards for some listeners and so many parts of the country. The penalty against third channel mark the first time the FCC is applied a year old stepped up in forcemen policy on indesensifidigations. And just as a little footnote, even though this is very small potatoes and the FCC yesterday released a memorandum opinion at order affirming a $14,000 forpager per league against MS radio license corporation, for willingly willfully broadcasting and decimaterial over WKQQQQAT in Chicago. The commissioner agreed with enforcement bureau that the station had repeatedly aired and decimaterial during its man-cows morning madness program. The commissioner rejected MS' arguments that the complaints did not include enough information to supply and decency findings. He ought to be odd. So this 14-gram, but that's small potatoes. That's the MS. So there you go, the incentive. When does the peer broken up the Sheridan Hotel in the Baghdad? Not the insurgents with the Iraqi people to recover their wounded care for their people. Get supplies. I imagine food and water becoming an issue within the... They said it was a deafening explosion is what the discriminated at the Sheridan Hotel and Baghdad is. The insanity just continued. Now let me just ask you one thing to ponder in your mind, okay? Even Osada was a bad guy. He of course was our bad guy for a long long time, but he was a bad guy and he slaughtered all those innocent people and he gased the courage and the idea. Was all of this terrorism, all these explosions, all this death, and was this going on in Iraq before last March? Nope. Oh, I just mentioned something to think about. I mean, maybe we're just not supposed to care about that, but... Was Iraq a hotbed of terrorism? No. Let's don't confuse the public with the facts that 45 or 50% whatever it is that are just adamant. You know the Bush people? Professional Bush minsters? Yeah. Who are probably just a ignorant, maybe even more so than he is. That's the problem, man. Like of education in America. I mean, look at Josh for quite a lot. Nobody could own an... did... Eric change that because you can't change your right ones. You put some crap on there? That is correct. So, Eric came to Josh's rescue and put nobody could have stopped it. Because he didn't Eric was so embarrassed for you and humiliated and degraded. He doesn't want anybody thinking that he's responsible for anything so he'll litter it and degrading as nobody could have stopped it. I mean, come on Josh, you can do better than that. You're doing a fine job, but you're just... the last couple of days starting to show your ass, okay? It's probably my fault. And the way things are going right now, and after the Janet Jackson business, you should be learning... do not show your ass. In fact, I got used to be... that John... what was the con boy? I'm not even hiding light. One of the writers for 100 years on it. Joey got canned because he wrote a script in which one of the kids shows his ass on it. Just a cheat group too? Unbelievable. Yeah. Got canned. That's the atmosphere in America today. Dojj Landover Rollers. Hi, Hitler. Hi, Hitler. A high-alboosh. 1042-560-WQM. Spring of the savings right now and saved like ever before on a new car truck from Armistrohong, Toyota of Homestead. You're a funder on US-120 minutes off of the 836, so it's the piece of cake to get there. And believe me, it's worth a drive no matter where you are because these folks are going to save you thousands on Great New. Toyota's. Check out the Great Least deals waiting for you right now at Armistrohongs in O4 Camera, or 460-9 month for 48 months. How about an O4 Highlander-Destriol9Mup? Leave a truck? How about an O4 Toyota-Tunder, the safest truck in America, you pay only 179 a month for 48 months. These are just some of the fantastic savings for you waiting right now at Armistrohong, Toyota of Homestead. General Manager David Rich and a staff will do just about anything under the sun to catch your deal, so you can get you into a new Toyota today. Extranged for yourself, the Armistrohong Toyota Homestead difference. They're locally owned, locally operated, committed to 100% customer satisfaction, and their service department is easy to open. Late to late, we've got to make sure they get all your service work done. Easy to get there, they're in US-1 and 293rd in Homestead, just 20 minutes out of the 836, like I said. And Armistrohong Toyota Homestead, listen very carefully now, they offer your free tires, batteries, and replacement parts for life. That's correct. You get tires, batteries, and free parts for life. Nobody else does that. So, always your time at those mega dealers or car giants, always give you the big song that ends, and then let you down. Do the smart thing and save yourself a ton of cash by calling David Rich the GM, at Armistrohong Toyota of Homestead, Call in a 305-242-3247. 305-242-3247, drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota today at Armistrohong Toyota of Homestead. Live in local, near SportsWidio 562 and UAEM. It's day off in Miami town, but you have 562-W-U-A. It's out of day and I've see Steve and for me. Feeling so sensitive, my show is now still warm. Don't know what you expect me to be. But under my best, next, take me off my show. I'm Johnson, go to go, it's early starting to come. Every word that I say is under the microscope. Come, come, come, get on your way home. Yeah, right, we come so play, we're here with friends. We're here, come so play, everything we've had. We're here, coming out, we're here and all I want to do is to be more dirty until fire be dead. I have 48 patients and I'm seeing it as winners of here broken at the shirt and a big blast is what they're hearing. Now, of course, back in the day, I will play the sound of that big blast where we can't play anymore. Especially in light of what I did that story, I've been about what Stern got to find for. Really? Flaunchalance and what was the other thing? Well, that's the one. He's evacuation, that's what it was. I think they're having an evacuation at the Sharon Hotel in the bag. That is sure nobody gets fine for that. Well, we're fine. Anyway, I gotta use this, even though it's a very minor thing and it's not if any interest to anybody. Just to make a point, the Omaha World Hero newspaper, this past Saturday had a story about how the local talk station here in Omaha is moving Bill or Rally showed after him and drive to get him away from Lardass Limbaugh because he can't compete with Rush. KKAR is the name of the station. Now the story is, I really know it's just anybody outside Omaha, I guess, but the point bit, and of course, the fact that Bill or Rally's radio show is that absolute dud. I mean, in the South Florida market, he has a big, oh, don't know number at all. He's even sure up. Is that incredible? Unbelievable. He's sure putting a dent in Rush's audience, not. But anyway, talk radio station KKAR is shakin' up at schedule in Omaha's history. Now, here's the deal. They have a local, uh, local in the morning, which I don't know who he is, but then Laura Angraham broadcast 8 to 11 AM Omaha time. Laura Angraham, right wing bitch. Steve Brown, local, uh, personality 11 or 2, which I can only assume he must be right wing because, uh, wait till you're the other people, the rest are there line up. 2 to 5, he have known Sean Hannity, the radio factor with Bill or Rally, uh, 5 to 7 in the afternoon and Neil Boards from Atlanta, another right wing, one kid, 7 to 10 tonight. What a line up, huh? What the right wing is there. Oh, you think you're well gonna say, keep in mind that there's some other station in the market that's occurring Rush. So, fair and balanced, baby. That's what American and Ali people, the liberal media, the liberal media, right? The liberal media, my fat ass. So, even Zax, bad ass is embarrassed for you people to talk about the liberal media. Forget about it. It's crazy. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Who do you think was most responsible for allowing 9, 11, to happen? 291 votes George W. Bush 117. Nobody could've stopped at 58, CIA 48, condoledize at 27. 5, b, i, 23 and Bill, 10, 21 18. W, q, m, hello. Yes, hi, Bill. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just want to go. But, you know, I watched a little bit of the economy yesterday, and the thing that really I did tell you to me is the fact that our total callousness for what happened right now. Really, I mean, like, reducing the loss of 9, 3000 people to a systemic breakdown. Yeah. And also, you know, it gets me like, she talks about how we know about what would happen. But we're gonna attack us by planes. Everything's a stop. I mean, what if you expect, you know, the virus is sending emails that, yeah, here we come. You know, mock it down on your counter, the economy. Yeah, I like the fact you have seen, well, and that, the PDB on August 6, there wasn't like a date and a time and a place, and then isn't insult to the people who died there. So, and, and again, the refusal to admit that maybe we could have done more. You know, I mean, we're not saying, you know, come on, say, hey, I'm guilty. It's my fault, but just, you know, like, what's your clock? Your government failed you. We let you down. Yeah. We're sorry. Not even that. It's just total. No contrition at all from Condolese. No, just total callousness. I mean, 3000 people gone as if, you know, hey, it's just a cost of doing business. Really, I mean, I mean, I hate to say that she's responsible. But, you know, she was being told by many people. I pay attention to, you know, how kind of, you know, there are people. And that was natural. I mean, it's just so unacceptable. And so ludicrous to be talking such crap. And you had a lot of family members who were, you could see they were physically upset crying about, you know, just, you know, again, reducing it to nothing more than an operate. Well, what about the family members of all those kids in her dangle over there right now? Six more are troops died in the last two days. I just saw it on a crawl, but they didn't even bother. We don't even see the names very rarely. They're not in a great while. They might, if you're watching round or clock, they might put a name on there and give a little buy or something. But these kids are just being slaughtered over there. And now they're taking hostages. And they don't seem to care. You know, they have no, no way. Mission of go of making a mistake. You know, you know, my brother's gone. He would have family. He's got two children that are like, you know, teenagers, 16 and 14. You know, so blinded by bush thinking he's done everything. And they believe that, you know, because Iraq was a threat. You know, in two years, you're going to be 18. I said to my niece, and my nephew was 15. I said, I want to see you people, you know, stop being chicken-walk. Go down to your, you know, to your arm. What's the recruiting center sign up if you don't do that? You know, like bush said either you're with us or you're against us. And I'm even talking to my niece and nephew anymore. That's how I feel. And then the host me brothers, I really don't care. This is how I said I am about. Hang in there, Kelly. You too, you know, have a right one. You too. How about a QM? Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was listening to everything. You know, saw them used to sponsor the Palestinian suicide bottoms. By giving them the families $25,000 each time they did that. I would call that the sponsorship of terrorism. So I don't think it was a file leave for bush to think that maybe there was a connection. I agree that we shouldn't do one in. But I think we, you know, you got to be careful by just painting broad strokes and saying the administration's a bunch of idiots. You know, idiots. They are a bunch of idiots. No, they're not actually to say the idiots would be a compliment. They're a bunch of very dangerous chicken hocks is what they are. These are people who never fought in themselves in combat. These are people who got a whole master plan that they had to cook up before they even stole that election. So to suggest that these people are actually taking fact and using that. Let me say again, if you really want to talk about who was responsible for an item 11, why didn't we invade Saudi Arabia? Fifteen of the nineteen hijackers were Saudi Arabia's. They would have been too easy. And the final and all of a financing by the way for Osama came from the Saudi royal family. I agree. Oh, one one one thing. I just want to say with the polls. If you could put a question up, I don't like this poll. I think that would be helpful because sometimes I don't vote because I don't like the polls. So I would vote if it were the good poll. Okay. Have a great day, pal. He don't like our poll. Well, that's what it goes. I always thought if he didn't like the poll, you're wondering if you're stupid. He just wouldn't vote. Are we lacking for votes? No. But anyway. This is again, religious madness. Crazy religious people. It's going on over the world. Nobody know where wants to talk about it. Just as lonely little voice here. Of course, you know me. They old heathen. Texas, mumbling, some would resurrect. You know that crazy bitch in Tyler, Texas. Oh, good. The Analini. A woman who killed her two sons and injured the third since she refused anti-Sycotic medication after her rest until her old son failed to rise from the dead under nine as ninth birth. They she'd expected. Oh, that's a horrible. Yeah. The Analini, 39 also said she felt in broad and spiritual warfare, considered killing herself after her rest and worried how her surviving would cope according to a transcript of a pre-trail psychiatric interview obtained by the Dallas morning news. Blaney was found innocent by reason and sanity. We already know that. In a transcript of an interview in December with prosecutions, psychiatrist Park D.C. said she refused medication until after Josh was birthday in late July. She told another psychiatrist she smelled sulfur in herself and thought it was a sign that the devil was near. How do you like that? Oh, my God. The devil is near. She said she didn't mention that earlier because she thought everything happening to her was spiritual warfare and I didn't think he would understand any of it. The newspaper said, I didn't want to kill my kids. I felt like I had no choice because God told me to do that and I was talk to obey God. Just like God told the Jews to kill all their enemies and be sure don't miss any of the old testament. This is nothing new. This is going to be going on since the beginning of recorded time. My religion is great. You're really, you're a heathen. We're going to make it offer you camera fuse. Whether it's the Catholic church, whether with the Jews killing all her enemies no matter who it is, whether it's the crazy fundamentalist Muslims today. Nothing new. But nobody's going to tell you that because they're terrified. They're scared, crapless of religion and the Pope that's silly old man. They hit him under this morning because it's good Friday. He's blessed in everybody and he's going to eat sitting there shaking man. Looks like Janet Reno on a bad day. God Almighty, somebody bring him a shaky pizza. Please, and come as old as down. He'll pop up. 1057 at 560. Large explosion. You're bad. That's Sheraton Hotel. All right now because we are in more hostages. More prisoners being taken. Americans and tattons. Japanese. You name it. They got him. My life. And look. This is 43056. You way too way. Yeah. Holy Macanon. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I think I did it again. I got really fun. Then married my friend. Oh, baby, I was not when we were. So I don't know if it was come to my tent. I might use half my money. Because I didn't sign up for you now. I told my lawyers who I got to the game. I was having the best. Thought he was just in. Oh, baby, baby, oops. I said that I do. I had to much do. Oh, I can't hold my liquor. I got to the game. That's time I get that. I just put down on. Oh, baby, baby, oops. I'm part of you course. And married some George. I'm not an idiot. Oh, no, no, no. This is exciting. We got a fire alarm in my building now. Are you ready for that? Nice. So maybe like to actually sit in a parking garage. So it's not like in a residential part of my building. Got all ponies you're talking to a lot. I'm doing already. Oh, show on here. And then wait till you hear the alarm start. I guess I better close my door. With a little tuner, Zach. Do do do do do do do. I don't know much tunes. But I'll try my best. Okay, there you go. I shot the door. You're still here that I bet. Can I beat? A little bit. So if they come out and make an announcement that the building is burning down and all of a sudden he heard dead air, just to plan to do a show Zach. Oh, nice. You and Josh. What? Should be interesting. But you don't think a way to sit here and get fried just for Greg Reed. Do you? Um, human sacrifice I'm good Friday. Neorodges is human sacrifice. I don't think so. To be anyway, here's the final result of the first pool. We'll give out free tickets. There you go. Can you wait a rest of those tickets, in fact, the audience is probably for many reasons. Hoping the building is just blazing it by before 1115. Flaming. Who do you think was most responsible for allowing 9.11 a happen? 244 votes. George W. Bush 135. Nobody could have stopped at 70. C.I.A. 56. Condolese 31. F.B.I. 28. Bill Clinton 24. Boy, everything is so annoying. You have no idea how loud. Can you hear that on the air that the alarm? Very very very very faintly. It's because I got the door closed. I guess it would add a lot of excitement if I could like, you know, just all Look at his Pope here's confession during good Friday's services. There we is. He's shaking. He's touching. He's got he's got to really, like, Sunday go to meet and cut about fit on day. All of a sudden there goes that alarm really big time. Like that. He heard. This is almost as exciting as the day. The power went on. I had to do this show on a phone for a bunch of time. Oh nice. Actually, I could do so. I could take my cell phone outside of worst comes to worst. I have to evacuate. But then again, if we evacuate, remember what the FCC said about those evacuating sounds? Yep. Be careful. I better open the door again because if you make some announcement, I don't want to be sitting here talking to you. Bozos while I find out the building is going to burn down. Yeah, it's not a great idea. Turn it open up the door. Then you can hear the sound of this hysterical thing, dude. It's great. Let me excited to hear it. You're late? Oh my god. Yeah. You ain't heard nothing yet. It's all in my alarm clock. It's all in my alarm clock. It's all in my alarm clock. Small area of Atlanta Airport evacuated when suspicious package found a small area of Hart's Field of the Nine Air Force evacuated Wednesday, voice a little late given the story, huh? There's the fire department by the way. I can actually see the fire truck. Is there a real big shot? Is there a real big shot? I can just found an immense restroom. Did you hear the story? No. The FBI said the package contained a device similar to a military trip flare containing a highly flammable substance and coulda-cauterious injury to anybody handling it. A trip flare is a device that may be used to signal when an enemy is approaching, set to go off and triggered by movement of a taught wire. A janitor found a package of about 10-51s demurring described as being wrapped in duct tape and having suspicious components protruding from it. But it was wrapped in duct tape. It could have had to let that leftover from when Tom Bridge pulled everybody by going by your duct tape and this queen. Also, yes, for U.S. warning, a halt's Paris trains, police in Paris hold a traffic on a commuter train line for about an hour through the evening after the U.S. warned French officials of a possible bomb attack. A thirteenth-bound nothing suspicious and lifted the alert around 930 last night. And this is kind of eerie with that thing going off in a bag. That's not scary. I mean, what I got in. I hear all the sirens outside of the fire trucks around there. How's the weather? How's the weather? There's another fire truck. It's on a way, baby. Oh, man. Who's got their quick? Huh? Who's got your muckery around, man? Large explosion heard in the area of the Sheraton Hotel in Baghdad. What does it be really good if I'm not going to take any calls here for walkers? If I try to hear the callers, no chance. Two chances done less than a. So let's get to the important pool for the day. Based on what you know and hear on the year, because you know we'd like to let the audience in on the various personalities in a building. Because we've got such a amusing bunch. Who do you pick is the most obnoxious person at WQAM? We've never done this pool before, okay? Not quite this way. We've given people a chance to take their shots, which the audience in San Florida loves, but nevertheless, not quite like this. Based on what you know and hear on the year, who do you pick is the most obnoxious person at WQAM? Now here's the list I got so far. I've left anybody off. Please hop right in there, okay? And maybe I'll be able to hear you about it. Todd Drek. This is going to be very difficult for me. You think this is an easy choice? How do you case I think it might be simple? Absolutely. But... Todd Drek. Jeff High, aka Fat Boy. Guilty. Neil. George. Hank, the Hebrew hammer. Mad Dog. Mohara Davidid. All the crap you could unwrap. All the slime, all the time. Screw in. Freaky Carlos. He'll get some votes. Yep. Gregory. Duff. Clarence. Any K or the big. No. Okay. I don't think anybody saw for their. I sure wish they would stop just banging it. The alarm just. She already came on and made the announcement. The alarm's got to be annoying. Huh? It's got to be a little bit annoying. This big going on for like just what we went into the break. This started. Oh my God. Hmm. I might actually put CNN on here for a few minutes of this thing. Don't calm down. Sure. Let me do that. I'm also going to have to ponder this thing. I'm going to vote for Ron here. Yes. I'm going to vote for Ron. I guess you know, I'm push. I'm pushing. When push comes to show, I didn't put Dave and pouring on here because he's not really a staff member. He's like, uh, I don't think even worse for the station. Doesn't he even play by the marlins? Yeah. Josh. Yeah. He works for the marlins. Marlins organization. So he's not really a Qm staff member. Probably just as well. He's a little bit too boring for us. Don't forget. Join Goldie tonight from 6 to 8. At the day of quarter that could 31 55 South University drive. Stop by for Amstellites Pesols. When Marlin tickets and registered when trip for 2 to the WQM, Iceland opened and June whatever that is. We have no idea. Do you know what that is? No. No. And join George tomorrow afternoon from noon to 2 at said your land and authorized Verizon Marlins store 44 10 West 16th Avenue in Hylia. Stop by to win Marlins tickets and other prizes too. And we got lots of Marlin tickets. We're just not giving anyway because we're just a bunch of hard asses. Yep. We do we really have tickets? Sure. If we can give tickets. We're not giving away though. I'm not even with a fire alarm in a back if I have to lower myself. If I have to degrade the level of my existence. So you haven't people beg for tickets again. I promised I did it as any times. And I apologize for that. It was terrible radio. It's embarrassing. I do like to see the way people degrade themselves. It is kind of amusing. And then hang up on them and leave my hanging. But it just I can't do it anymore. It's horrible radio. Modern Japan doesn't send troops to foreign countries to start war. So it doesn't expect to see citizens on the news caught in the violence of the conflict in Iraq. Japan's constitution imposed by the U.S. during the occupation of following WWE 2 for Bids War. That's why the Japanese military is called the self-defense forces. Self-defense is what is allowed and nothing else. Wait, wait, wait, wait. We're getting an announcement here on my fire alarm. Okay, ready for this? Yep. There we go. Please, may I have you attentive like a smack or right in the head? Right. Oh, that's a little bit of that. Tell me, they're investigating the alarm. Somebody probably got drunk on good Friday and me and the thing, you know? Why not? Well, the problem with that is that's fine. But as soon as she shuts up saying that again, it's going to disturb. It's going to start doing the same thing really. We're really going to have to stop off. Hey, I tell you one thing, that would chase everybody out of the building. I hope there's something to speak of this. Can you imagine that? Oh, man. Tell you would drive out of the street screaming. I think the fire would be. Anyway, humanitarian mission, such as the mandate of the Japanese soldiers now at Iraq are allowed. It's a loophole, but no one that was sitting there. Now what does that mean? No one that was just sitting there? I don't know what that means. The Japanese parliament, or I see, had the past special legislation last year to permit the military to deploy to any troops at all. So on the return to WWE 2, we kind of like to lock the Japs up and say, Hey, don't go on. Unless, you know, unless we ask you to. Those legalities are a little comfort to an Asian shock by video images of three Japanese civilians being held hostage in Iraq by Gunman who threatened to burn them alive unless Japan withdraws its troops from Iraq. That's a demand Japanese leader are resisting. We cannot give it to the cowardly threats of terrorists, so the Japanese prime ministers he can be in an emergency meeting with top officials and set up a task force to respond to the kidnappings. Right now what we need to do is gather accurate information and bring them home safely. You said, how is going to do that? I have no idea. Wait a minute. You hear that stopped? Oh, it's, it's feel so good now that the pain stopped. Come on. There's no, come on, Geldi. Cut it out. No more. Now they gotta say something, don't they? I hope so. But when we do it lucky. Now that was banned. Come on. Say something honey. Give us some information. It's probably another false alarm. Happens if I want to be six months. Just to keep you on your toes. And then of course, every three or four months they have another one. What do they could like like a test of the viral alarm? The emergency test. Yeah. And they just blast that thing and usually they do it like about 7.30 in a morning. Oh, nice. So like if it's during the summertime on a day when I'm not working in a sound of sleep, cutting the zeas and all of a sudden. Back, back, back, back. Out and over here that. You can just give us a. We just. Yeah. Yeah. Now it's just a tease. Okay. It's just a. And then you wait about 10 seconds. Another one. Wow. Listen, it's so great about doing the show out of that studio because there the best we ever had was the Far R alarm went off and the fire and they never even showed up. They're right there. You know where they are. The fire department wrote around. I was there wrote. Yeah. They're like two blocks from the radio station. Yeah. They didn't bother showing up. They figured, A, it's either a false alarm or B. We don't care because we listen to I would be anyway. And I probably bunch of limbo all the way through it. The fire department. Sure. Or else they will busy slide up and on a grease pool. Okay. We still say that. Can't say it. Okay. Now, you. Did you vote on here on this thing? Yes. I was going to vote for Todd Dreck. Okay. You may think I was going to vote for Moe but surprise. He don't need my help. He'll get plenty from other people. I was I didn't vote for Moe either. Who do you vote for? Or rather not say probably. No, it's okay. Jeff. I. Ha ha ha ha. He voted for Jeff. Hi, Paulie. That's right. Wow. Good choice. Moe Howard David had known. I was surprised. 23. He's right. 13. He threw hammer. Oh my god. What have you done everybody? I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. I was going to vote for him. How about Josh? Who did you vote for? Both of these. I didn't get to. I'm not working here. If you had a chance to vote for home, would you have voted? Freaky Carlos. I'm good choice. Excellent. So many good choices in so little time. Large exploiting. I'm not giving us any more information about this thing. I'm going to share in a hotel and bag down. I would suggest doing that. We're making any reservations. Any time soon. But also this is right where the direction hotel. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. I'm going to vote for him. Guys, I am not killing. It's in my backpack. Waves in one gift, throwing our grass. Jesus, we shall back. Jesus Christ into fire. We never shall die. Waves in one gift, throwing our love. We shall church and church. The world is bound to die. And you've been the grass. The world is bound to die. It makes us forget. The world is bound to die. You can grow the earth. The world is bound to die. The world is bound to die. The world is bound to die. The world is bound to die. The world is bound to die. The world is bound to die. I got to give you my nothing. You've been jail-powered. I'll do it. You've got to take your pill. I should die and wash it. Take them killed and badminton. Throw it. Throw it. But you shouldn't be to God. I want to smoke. The world is bound to die. Can't get them to rent the ball, the stars will go They make this way man The world is bound to go Do the cruisey head down The boat sounds still The boat is bound to go Oh yeah, oh yeah Oh yeah, oh yeah The boat is getting higher Oh you put with getting higher Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah I put with getting higher Oh, yeah, oh yeah The boat is bound to go Can't get them to rent the ball The sky is bound to go He makes this way man The boat is bound to go He's the only head man The sky is bound to go The boat is bound to go The boat is bound to go The boat is bound to go Station Station That's right Oh, that's a lot more than the girls who was a fosso long. That's it. That's it. That's all over. But about 15 or 20 minutes of real excitement here, lots of noise and lots of action going on. Good Friday. I got a fact, a little hysterical from Stuttaring Guild on there in the homestead. He says, be careful. He FCC's trying to burn you off off the show. Dr. Rice is with the match and the firm had been told not to go in from the bushmised here. Something like that. I don't know. I did have a little message there was slip into the door. It said, do I understand to just stop open strike up everywhere? I don't know what that meant, but that's what it said. 560, 750, 560. Pound 560, man. It was just mind blowing. How about I got through that 50 minutes? I have no idea. I got through those spots. WDQA, hello. Yes, sir. How's it going, man? Pretty good. Why don't you have a Josh search for the opicomen? Get out of that studio. Search for the wine? The opicomen. That's over month. What did he say? The opicomen. What is that? That's when you know, like, Passover dinner when, uh, oh, that was due talk. I don't speak that like with Syrochemical Heathen. All right. I'm going to give you a video. You know, what that is? I don't know exactly what the meaning of this is. I just know that. I have some around here. In my life, I never heard that. They hide the opicomen. You got to find it. It's a piece of opicomen? You have to be Schmidt and me, man. So what is it? It's a piece of mosa in an Afghan. A piece of mosa in an Afghan? I don't know. There's a lot of butter. That's without butter. That's the way I like it. And what do you do with it? Where do you stay? I don't care. I did somewhere. Like whoever the head of the table is hiding, the kids look forward and they get money if they find it. Oh, god. Oh, my god. Wow. Fun for the people, my name is Baby. Let's celebrate somebody's war religious holidays. Man, it's really great. We got to one guy's hanging up there on a cross. Everyone is going to go see all the blood and whipping into slashing. And then we got these crazy people running around hiding the mosa and spinning the Dreadle. That's a wrong holiday though. I care about him like you. I care about the potato like is it about the kishki and all those things. Oh, lots of balls. Oh. I'm talking about the good stuff. Not lots and all that garbage that people leave because it's obligatory because somebody told them, well, this is the top of the year we eat the why. Well, it's tradition. Yeah, so it's slavery. So it's beating your wife. I mean, what does that mean? It's true. So it's hating everybody. Well, what is tradition? Just break away from the crap man. Break away. Can you do it? No. No. Can't do it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlese line. Let's give away some tickets. What do you say? Just a joke. Just testing. Now, here's the deal. Now that's fair channels made it official. Even though it was already official. I got to take my shoes off. You know, that while that alarm was blasting during the first commercial break this before 11. Uh huh. So what I'm doing and I've had to do this once before is I'm like running around putting on my clothes on. And my shoes. Ah. So I'm sitting here fully cold with just highly uncomfortable. But at least I don't want to shoes on. Anyway, now that's turned as efficient. Let's turn as officially off of clear channel in perpetuity. In other words, he ain't coming back. You can go to our website and yourrangers.com and there are the logo is for the eight South Florida. Keep channel stations. And I'm just suggesting this again. And it's a very strong suggestion. If you want to show you this pleasure to clear channel, which they are definitely connected with the anti-Christ. Make no mistake about it. No. Uh big 106. And you probably didn't notice because you don't pay that much attention to the ratings. I'm sure either one of you. Huh? But in this last trend, which was one week of steering being off a big, they were already taken a humongous drop. Absolutely. A humongous drop. Just in one week out of the 12 weeks of the trend. Well, he's a one of these car. Huh? He's the cash cow for them. So when he, well, big, I mean, who now this is that crap music they're playing. Yeah. But when the entire book comes out at April 29, which is, uh, what is today at the night? Twenty days. So it's three weeks from yesterday. When that comes out, uh, you're going to see big just fall off the face of the earth. Why 100? What? I O D. And of course, the rush my theory that they won't turn him off. But as you choice, you can make this statement or not. W L V E 1194, which only suits us in the jazz anyway. 103.5 men in black. That's not our audience. But I just mentioned W R FX Fox Sports. I mean, let's do this. They got a third man. Zeta 94.9. Poor Paul and Ron. How poor old Paul and ancient Ron. And the W CTH. Thunder Country, a 100.3, which I didn't even know there was another FM in a market. They must have had numbers. Huh? You did it. I never heard of that. 103. Thunder Country FM W CTH FM. So those are the eight soft loader clear channel stations. El anti-clistomancy. Good bye to them immediately. Not sooner. And I'd also want just for a link. And for the holidays in general. Once you finish hiding, what did you call it again? You hide the one. Offie Coleman. Oh, I think Coleman. I thought he was like a driving into track in the third race last night. What's that? It's Warner. You have to be kidding me. How could I have lived all of this time? You never found a one. You come out and buy Jewishness. Huh? You never found the offie Coleman to pass over to the other. I never heard of it. I was only in a state or once in my lifetime that I can recall. It was a little kid about five years old. I remember they gave me a little taste of the wine. And I was just like, uh, stoned off my ass. Nice. I think I remember that's about the only memory I have of my grandfather or my father's side who was a real, uh, boy. What a classy family they were. Not, but anyway, they're all dead now, including dead. Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on. That's a terrible thing to say, isn't it? Yeah. But that's my feeling. See, one thing that let me give you a little piece of advice about life. Sure. You can pick your nose. You can pick your friends. But you cannot pick your relatives. That's true. So these people who spot that crap. Oh, blood is thicker than water all of that crap. I find that. I mean, to each is on your incredibly wrote opinion. I find that just ludicrous. I mean, it's just the luck of the draw who your born new parents and your brothers and sisters and uncles and cousins and aunts and the, all of these things. All of these things. Right. That's just the luck of the draw. You're right. So some of your relatives may be really great. They may be fabulous people. There's that fabulous again. And some may be really, uh, cool. I'm not going to say anything that the Josh has to dump again. I don't want to put him in that position to have it like, you know, get all that out of shape and nervous. Have it to dump like when I said, bagged. Good. Yep. I apologize for that profusely. I will never say. See, the best way to win yourself off all of the stuff, especially with his fanciest crap that's coming out from the FCC now and from the Bush government and end of Democrats too. They're as fine as the best way is just not to say these things like in private off the, follow. Yep. Because I'm just a kind of person, you know, me. I'm a potty mouth. I talk that kind of crap on. It's just me. I think most people talk that way. Yeah. Which is the reason that in movies many, many years ago, I would say, got dirty man. About 30 years ago, they started like, uh, what actual language like people really talk to make them a little bit more realistic, you know. Why not? Sure. Sure. That's how radio was becoming to until all of a sudden one day Janet Jackson. And Justin, take you about a straight as for everybody. That's the excuse we get. And I want to say it again for those people who think this is a right wing thing. It technically should be, but even the great liberals that Democrats are not, and none of them are standing up for a free speech, including Michael Cops, who's one of the two Democratic commissioners on the FCC. He made to Michael Powell seem like, uh, Larry Flint. That's how repressive and maniacal this guy is. I mean, these people are all nuts. All five of these word polis, they're on the FCC. They're all crazy in a bed bug. Oh, and you can't say this and you can't do it. And they just make it up as they go along. I've been telling you this for a long time. They just keep it, bellowing and embelling and Congress says, Hey, it's an election year. You go for it. Man, we don't want to be seen as supporting smuckery in election year. And the rest of the public sits back and, and I'm going to tell you again, market down like Wayne says, market down. This is only the beginning. I've been seeing this for weeks now because we already know that they want to extend this to cable and a satellite. And like to start, we had the other day from John Aschrop and then even into your hotels where they can't show it like adult movies and the hotel that you're paying for it. It's coming in over a wire can't do that. That makes me mad. I mean, we're going to hold us in. I guess book burning is going to be next. Absolutely. Yeah. What's being a Howard. Look at that mole. He's still got it. A lot of us thought he lost it. None of us voted for him. No, we'll be pleased to know. Well, where was he this morning? Was this just a day off a rock the behavior? He would call them sick. He called in sick this morning. How are we David and man? Yes, over night. I told him. We're going to add on there by the way, John. John, who are pull Robert Gripper. That's right. The grim gripper. If I've told you once, I've told you the eye in times. I bought that self-hating little, uh, juman man. He is just brutal. Talk about politically confused. Oh, boy. Anyway, more Howard David, it based on what you know and hear on the ear. Who do you think is the most obnoxious person at QAM? More Howard David, it's got 60 winning by a landslide. Absolutely. Hank Scott 30 about the. About thirty man. screw in 17. Neil's got 10. I'm proud to say I got 10. I'm hanging 10. George 9. Greg Reed 5. The mad dog for Gellys got four. Uh, Clarence, every vote that Gellys gets to another squeak. Clarence 3. Todd Rex got three. I'm pleased to say that any K has got three. Now can you believe that? No. That is just, uh, I've got more of the freaky Carlos and to go. Freaky Carlos is only got two. Jeff highs only got your vote. Just the one. The big. Oh, God one. And Duff don't have any. So I guess they don't know her too well. My. You. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. Schumacher, are you ready? Now, we have primary agenda was going after terrorists or anything like that. It was after going after the fourth industry. And trying to little their way back from the foreign industry, you know, into the radio markets and as things they just used the whole Janet Jackson, right? That's correct. As their ticket to just rampage the other direction from radio. Where's their way back? If they're passing the first amendment, crashing freedom of speech while the public is sitting back, Dylan, they're a knuckles. There was another excellent show that they had on that too. It was on freedom of assembly. Now they had kind of reestablished the notion of the old Nixon era where the justice department will be sending infiltrators and the FBI as well into any kind of groups that were meeting in a foreign, many kind of protest anymore. So this is basically the agenda that they came in with and they're just using whatever happens to come up as an event. I'll take it out. I'll take it out to the people that I curse and that's the mainstream media. Why they are, and I'm going to tell you why they're not screaming and howling because see the Howard Sterns of this world, aren't popular with a mainstream media. They're considered to be way off the deep end. They're over the line, shocked, shocked, you've let up or turned me one. So the mainstream media has never supported people like Howard. So as a result, they can always say, well, you know, they're not going to come after us. They're just going after people are way over the line and our potty mouse and put in filth on here. And nobody wants to be seen as supporting that. But in the meantime, they're really going after anybody who doesn't boost up the company line. They're going to be going after them soon. They're not going to be here. No, please be correct. Okay, Pearl hanging, and they'll see you at the border. Okay. Oh, Canada, by the way, Leafs is a stunt class night. I mentioned that already, but I'm just pretty depressed. It's just a game, you know, life goes on. I'm not going to sit here and cry. Man, man, the bad calls by the officials. I got news for it. It was a bad calls, but forget about that. They stuck to join out. They didn't show up. Anyway, Norm from Miramar says I was looking for President Bush's website ended up at a website called www.whitehouse.org. To my surprise that they bottom left in corner, there's a banner that says Sponsoring Partners Clear Channel. But that couldn't be the clear channel that was having all the political rallies and ripping the Vixie chips and having all those pro Bush rallies all over the country and could it? Oh, I went back this morning and guess what, there's a Walmart banner now. This supports your theory that this administration clear channeler. My theory that the Rinkle Hoos is not a theory. I mean, they donate the hundreds of thousands of dollars to Bush through channel. It says, by the way, don't visit the Whitehouse.com. It's an adult side. Actually, visit why you still can. It says, Norm from Miramar. Well, you may have to get off at their norm, although we do have on our website today. We got the Lee Ann Tweeden. Yes. And Lee Ann is a lovely picture we got there, by the way. Lee Ann is about 30, man. And there she is a model, a playboy model, no less. And the actress of a, you know, actress so to speak. Everybody's an actress, right? Sure. Even, even freaky Carlisle out there. She's about actress. Based on the muff, based on what you know and here on the year, who do you pick is the most obnoxious person at WQA? A little fun chance for you to vent. Get it out of your system. 225 votes. Look at his muff, Joe Rose, and those two don't have any yet. So you know, but he don't like muff or Joe. From the bottom up, Robert Creepers got one. Nobody's seen it, but Robert Creepers got one. Big O's got a pair. Jeff high fat boy's got two. Eddie K's got three. That just knocks me out. Probably guys are sour cause he gave some bed to bedding advice. That's got to be it. Terrence three, Todd Drex got four, freaky Carlisle five, the man dogs got six. I thought nobody don't like the man dog. Oh, y'all these got seven. Greg Reads got eight, George 12. I got 17. I love noxious all right. And proud of it. Score N23. The Humper's got 40 and Moe. Nobody can't touch Moe. 104. Oh, we're sports for you. 504. You a M. I do not. Right hand back of the Palo fan, second home late to be late. And I'm the lamb to my house and he ran away. I think in my face. Oh, I'm a. And you thought it was over. They got shot up in Iraq. Well, the joke's on you. You pathetic boo. But one of them came back. You the boo, the Omar. He cares for I love. I try to tell a reporter. But none of them wanted to hear. He's an evil dude with the Palo more to and no one cares. He's here. I thought woo de woo de oh. Oh, woo de woo de oh. Oh, 1146 14. Go do it as 560 W. And we got no a man dog today. We got Curtis Stevenson going to be on for the mad dog at two. You think mad dogs in church? I don't think so. No. On the hopper though, the Hebrew hammer would be a long and four. Three solid hours of the hammer today, which is pretty heavy duty for him. Marlon's on deck at seven. The Philly's at the Marlon's. I bet you we got a bunch of tickets for that game tonight. The, uh, to take some calls. Yeah. All right. Maybe call me gal and ask him if we can get some tickets out. Jai. Oh, no. Let's give some tickets away. What do you say, huh? Sure. You want to? How many we got? Uh, Paul Bunch. We do. I don't know. I'm sure we'll be tough to get you out. Well, how are you going to get him? I mean, I'm going to take some calls. Yeah. All right. Maybe call me gal and ask him if we can get some tickets out. Jai. Oh, no. Let's give some tickets away. What do you say, huh? Sure. You want to? How many we got? Uh, Paul Bunch. We do? I don't know. I'm sure we'll be tough to get you out. Well, how are you going to get him? These for tonight's game. Probably. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm talking about taking the money right to the bank and just to forget about all the other crap. Oh, yeah. Well, good. I'm bad things are smooth over. Yeah. I'm all the other stuff. We have most motto. But got about it. Yeah. Well, hey, Neil. I'd love to get tickets if I could. To what? Either the heat or the marlins, whichever you choose. Well, we got a pair for tomorrow's marlin gaming. Want those? I would love them. Okay. Hang on. I see. You thought I was going to hang up on that guy, right? Yeah. I definitely did. Why? I'm not going to be a hypocrite because I was telling you before to show today that here in Joe Rose giveaway, Marlin tickets this far with. And it really did it just grossed me out. I was screaming to dump about it. It just awful, awful radio. And here you are. And I'm doing it. Well, see, listen, like I told you, I'm just here for the check. And they don't really care. Yeah. It's going to be a good Friday. It's a holiday. It's a holiday. They're not telling us any more about that crap. You know, this really deserves me a lot. Maybe I'm the only one, but I doubt it. And that is that every single day it seems. There's a bunch of stuff that comes on briefly on one of these talk. He had either CNN and MSNBC. Like yesterday, loud explosions in Iraq. And we never heard anything more about it. I mean, all day, and believe me, I watch all the news as much as I can. I want to do now is I'm going to turn on the BBC. So what it gets to be the top of the hour, which unfortunately, the top of the hour will be like noon, so it'll be like five and a half. Now let's go to five and a half noon over there with the brits. And see what they'll happen because there's almost never a follow up. And if there is, it's not until the next day or many, many hours later, I think you will require you to collect and all what hell's going on over there. Wouldn't you? Yeah, sure. After that, a big bomb going off or whatever. He kidnapped me. And the Sheraton Hotel? Yeah. Now listen, how many tickets do we actually have? Now for you to sit there and say, oh, we just, we have like an unlimited amount. Is that what you're saying? Like, these people are going to get a section that they wanted? I'm sure we can give out a whole bunch. Well, I'm not going to see that. I'm not, you know, you're very good confirmation. Very smooth, very convery mellow, but just, you know, excuse me, if I just don't take you at your word, that we have very, very many. If somebody said, oh, I got the 40 tickets or something, then I would say, okay, we can give away up to 40. But I'm not going to give away 40 tickets if I, we got six, you know? We only have six pairs. See, there's Josh as the answer for it. There's Zach, there's, oh, we got as many as you want. We got tickets up the old Ying Ying. We have as many as you want up to six. That's what I meant to say. That's what I meant to say. Six pair. Six count them. Eight. Eight. Eight. Eight. One more. Okay. That's six. Six pairs. So one's gone already. We're going to get a guilty join tonight from six to weight at the Davy Quarter Deck. Located at 31 55 South University, dry stop by for Amstell Light Specials, when Marlon tickets. Marlon tickets if you don't get him from us, you might get him from guilty. Might get one of those too. And registered when it trip for two of the WQM Iceland Open and June. I have no idea what that is. You know, I keep saying I have no idea what it is. Nobody comes in and tells us what it is. To golf. It's a what? To golf tournament. The Iceland Open. Yeah, I've never heard of it. Well, where is it? It says a trip for two is it in Iceland? Yeah, it is. Isn't Iceland. Oh, I see. Well, who do I want to go there? Like their Reykjavik or something? But you play golf. They had a town man. And joined George tomorrow from noon to two at saidyland and authorized Verizon Marlon store at 44 10 West 16th Avenue in Highly. He'll have more Marlon tickets and other crappy, very, very low budget prizes too. And they'll give you the inside on those phony options we had on the Beesley website. Based on what you know and here on here, who do you pick is the most obnoxious person at WQAM? Leading the pack, more Howard David. Absolutely. In a league of his own man, despised by all 123 for the moment who did nice job on that Zelda Heat game, by the way. That's what you said. Yeah, and you played that clip. It was okay. It wasn't Johnny. It was okay. What's the guy that he's doing to the Laker games that just broke chicken? Chicken, yeah. Was no chicken, that's for sure, but it was okay. Not great, that was pretty good. Hank 47, screw and 29, Neil 24. Yep. George 15, Gregory 13, Freaky Carlos 11. See I'm the Sponored to take on more obnoxious than Freaky Carlos. Yeah, well, maybe a little bit better. Give it a try. He'll be up to 10. And I was got eight. Big O is got five. Oh, contract, I'm pleased to say it's moving up nicely. For we got my vote. He is the epitome of crap. Jeff high, fat boy's got three, clearance three, any K's got three, thus got one. And the justice he don't want to see it. Robert Creepers got one, and Joe Rose has got the big, nobody don't like blockheads. He's got five, and no. This is for 20, 50. 2 a.m. Froud, he'll be on a Russian laden. And I like rubbing my snowy gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new, okay, I'm gonna use the hour. See guys, starting this week on 5.60 WQA. It's my three sport holes. Starting Reg Reed has Uncle Greg. Moh Howard David, Guilby Gellers Leaves, and Gay Garlo. Happy to let me in. Thank you. Thank you. Francesco, why are you? Why are you? They're teasing me on Google Greg, and I have a big day to know. All right, both of you. Cut that out. Now I want all you kids out of my kids. All right, no. No, no. Jeff Boss. Would you give me a haircut? Sure. Yangelivering the $50 million check to Mark Rocky Rackickel is help put us out of business. What's out of business? That don't make sense. Well, life gets boring. You're all never mind. I know what I'm doing. Now cut my hair. Okay, boy. And what's that noise? Well, that's a goodyear drowning in a bowl of soup. Well, candy swim? I got them die. Demo, what's the sticking out the side of my head? That's your eat. I could cut that off too if you're like... Yes, that's it. Don't cut that out. Whatever you say, pal. No, that's it. That's it. Five, three, score, hold. Only on five, six, WQAF. You're a community-minded sports or house. Come on to it. Five, six, do you? WQF? Happy good Friday or unhappy whatever it is. And don't forget to search for the, what is it? Uh, uh, I'll keep a woman. Offie, Coleman. Offie, Coleman. That's right. Who's probably kindergarten, Coleman? But probably a little bit taller. Anyway, not no more news. I checked BBC and CBC and the STCA and the FBI and the CI. They give you like a little tease. Loudest explosions. There may have been a lot of explosions. And when was breaking at the Sheridan Hotel and Baghdad? And then that's it. Bye-bye, you know. Here's a much more important story, though. Obviously a nine-year-old girl in Newport, which you've Florida accused of stealing a rabbit and $10 from an Aversome was arrested handcuffed in question at a police station. Nine years old. She's a cat. A pet-upter? A Pasco County Sheriff Deputy Found a Black and Might A Black Rabbit named Oreo. On Aatspad. But this is a true story. This is on CNN, so must be true. They found Oreo hopping around the girl's living room according to the rest report she was read her rights and taken away in the back of a patrol car. Are you kidding me? No. That is unbelievable. The girl began to cry during questioning. This was on Tuesday. How come it took three days to give this story out? Probably too embarrassing. She admitted taking the rabbit along into another child, but denied taking $25 bills in some change according to reports. I'm going to tell you, man. The rabbit police, now we got the word police. The sex police, the portal police, the J. Walken police. The driver will not your seatbelt police. Now we got the rabbit police. Sheriff spokesman Kevin Dahl defended the rest and said at the victim of a crime war at once and arrest, deputies are required to act if there's enough evidence. Lori Ventura, the mother of the child who owns the rabbit, said the girls been involved in other incidents and needs help. The deputy could have taken a report referred to the charges to the state attorney of the hospital. The girl was released to her mother from a hospital. This is a true story. The girl was released to her mother for a juvenile assessment center about an hour after her rest, which she said was scary. She also said she didn't like the deputy. He put one hand cup on me really tight. She said yesterday and the patrol car. He just stared at me in the mirror. Yeah. She was sitting in the back handcuff. And he's looking into the back. Just don't make any sudden moves on. Yeah. Or about a bank. A rey year old girl charged for stealing rabbit in Newport, Richie Florida. Zyna America's they say in China. I don't like that. I can't believe it. Maybe she thought she found the opi command. Maybe she found the rabbit under a. He's a mother in an opi. In an opi. That is so bizarre. How you know that is just your parents must be really firm or something. No, I went to Hebrew school and they said, hey, I went to Hebrew school and they never told me about no opi. Coleman. Well, if define an opi, Coleman, then you get the money. That's the reason why I look at it. Or you get a chocolate or something. You know, I was looking for it. Wow. If you could pull the opi, Coleman out of your income, 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT and C in Verizon, marvelous line. Five more peric. Can we stretch this out till two o'clock? Do we never see nobody stretch like me? Because I'm just a basketball player. Or narrowly that thing with a fire alarm. I hit a lot of things very well, but it's just so loud and deafening. In addition, in addition, in the back, or maybe even more toward the front of your mind. Visions of sugar pumps, advancing your energy. And you're thinking, well, what if there really is a fire? But then now that you tell me, you guys could handle it with no problem at all. I should have probably just said, oh, guess what? We got a real fire alarm in the building. I'll see you. They would be like, oh, just take them to the day off. They would be a great, great scan. It's good for it. Why not? I want to come back. WQM, hello. Hi. WQM, hello. Neil. I'm not sure if that was wrong or not, but it sounded too much like it. Yes. When you said, offie Coleman, the first thing I thought of was the UN chairprint. Yeah. And that is named? Offie Coleman. Something like that. I guarantee he ain't looking for the monotogurantee of that. On the Toronto fans a little upset today. It's very quiet, so I would imagine that there are a little bit somber. We are evaluating their lives, but it would like to try to say now was only one game. You know, I'm saying it was only one game, but it was pretty depressing performance of you asked me. Eddie DeBiga looked like he was wandering around a little bit. Yeah, that one on the breakaway by Jose came out. I thought that was really surprised. He usually doesn't do something like that. And just went flopping like it was just wasn't in the car as you know, it was a bad game. And it was in Toronto, right? Yes, sir. So there goes the whole nice advantage right down the turret. Unbelievable. You know that guilty sound. I think both of Ryan's. I think that's, I think. I think that'll make a good car alarm. Yeah. In fact, now that we can't play the Eisencar alarm or big black guy named Ben, we can have the guilty. Car alarm. That's a good idea for Ben. Sounds good. I'd love to go to the game tomorrow night. Okay, hang on. You got it. He's got a period. I see two for two. Now you can't believe that, can you? No. He was the first guy was sucking around. Tell me that Hank said nice things about me, which comes his no surprise. All the way, maybe he didn't even say that, you know. Who's just sucking around? See, I don't, I don't, I don't, the psychological games don't work well with me. Because I can smell him a million miles away. Of course. I just happen to be in a kind of mood where sure why not, you know. Right? Yeah, why not? Why not? Why not? Good for this guy. And this guy, he's sucking up to me by talking about the leaves and about hockey, which he knows him. And so he also has planned psychological radio call in with me. And now he's thinking of himself, hey, it worked, you know. Now, I might go to like 140 before I give another pair away. Just to just the obnoxiousness of, and how many votes I got. I look at 25. I'm in fourth place on there. I'm obnoxious. So I better live up to it, right? Of course. Although, screw-in's got me beat. He's about 35. The hump or 59. And Mohour David is in it, like I said. He's off to the races. I'm 44. I'm sure he's listening right now. Wouldn't you think? Oh, well, he's going to not say he is. Huh? Oh, that's right. He has listened to the show since the week. My wish of Oasis is what he, he always listens. He's obsessed with this station. I'm listening. All this man does his play golf. Go in the air out his airpiece. I'm listening. I've never seen anybody who listen to this station as much as he did. Call in another people show all of these things. Although from what you're telling me, maybe he's melored a little bit. For what you're telling me. You never told me any such thing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm just looking at him for his for when Geldie goes off to the hockey game. You know, could be me as you go back on your own. Zack and Mohour, I can see it. Why not? WQM, hello. I knew how you doing to that. Pretty good. Listen, uh, a couple of work and find the offie Coleman. No, I know. Oh, it's an interesting time when I'm listening. First of all, if I did call the Grumford tickets, I didn't really want to talk about this other aspect. You brought it up. Is it a thing that's driving me so crazy about the Saudi right now? It's whole war and I rack and everything else. Is how much the mainstream media is giving this president a free ticket of all the pants in Iraq? I mean, if this was Clinton, what do you think would be happening right now? The whole thing? We've been in another impeachment trial to go on already. Exactly. The whole premise of this war and I rack is to win the popular support of the GI Amazon population and now that they're rising up and killing Americans by the biggest Dozen by the day, it seems like nobody in the free press wants to stand up and say, Wait a second. Who's thought I think it is? I think it's the Britsfall myself. Oh, he wanted tickets there for got about that. I just don't, I'm not in the Brits. Brits make me do things. The Rams with Brits. Oh, that's why he's gone, gotcha. I mean, he just sucking around by talking about this other stuff. I want to turn this into light bulb today and go to a whole thing about the war. I don't want to do that. Leave that to the goddess. Okay, leave that to Randy. She can add, let's not be an American, which I hope they last. I have my doubts. I hope they last. But anyway, if you would have just dumped that British action, he might have gotten some tickets all the way down because if I would have done three in the row, how would you know, we've got to, I mean, when you said we got all you want, that was so ludicrous, man. Well, all you want up to six pairs up to six pairs. See, Josh, he's a representative of his nilly there. Who now, how did you find that out? I found McGill. You found McGill. Now, McGill, and now is in McGill as responsible for putting Joe Rosen that this morning, or is it clearance? We just, I'm sure it's a promotion of the parliament, but I don't know. I don't know that. We just can't really like it. See, because it's a sports thing. We got to promote the marlins man. And of course, the obvious, there's one obvious question. And we do carry the marlin games, but why? You know, why do we feel so compelled to be promoting all of these things? And what was that that I heard this morning? Who was talking about it? Was it Joe Rosen? About the Panther organization is blaming QAIM for lack of public interest or something like that? Did I do that into what he said? Joe said something about that on the air. I don't know if he's going to actually broader totally. Well, what else at all about? I don't know, they're just, I guess we don't pay enough of the tower. It's the Panther organization. Well, first of all, nobody cares about hockey, so with the death wish, although it's pretty shameful at every time. Gueldies makes his one blur about hockey, Mocharts and up right away. Oh, yeah. But nobody cares about it. So discuss it for more than 30 seconds at a time as a death wish. And number two, if the organization wants to know what the problem is, and why the public is out of favor, or the other way around, all Alan Cohen's got to do is look in the mirror. Mistake after mistake, after mistake, that hurt whole Bernie coz arthing man. I was such a first such a dog and pony show. And unloading on everybody in anybody. I mean, who knows who these people are on the team? They got a lot of good young players in the organization, but nobody knows who the hell they are. I don't know who the fates guys are. And if I don't know, Mr. hockey, how the hell is the average smuck in South Florida when the hockey puck from a stale, offie Coleman? Hmm. Oh, wouldn't that be something if you're looking for the offie Coleman and you find a, uh, napkin and there's a hockey puck in it. Yeah. Sign by Alan Cohen. Well, it could be you want to special, you're supposed to get a special prize when you find the out of the company. Could it be a hockey puck? Oh, such silly crap man. Silly stuff. It's for the kids. It's for the kids. I've seen a go ahead and have their Easter eggs. So the Jews have to have something at pace off. To like pacify the kids, you know? Why not? Pacing the kick. Why not? Yeah. Well, let's look at this. Who are you more likely to believe? Connie Rice 43% Richard Clark 36 21% and sure that's the CNN time poll just out. That's pathetic. Connie Rice 43, 36, unsure 21% and yet of the same organization. All it was just on their website. CNN took the, uh, poll this morning. Are you satisfied with condolation. It kind of leaves his testimony. 46% yes, 54% know. But of course, they've already had a chance to rip the crap out of a Richard Clark and make him look like us. Uh, like a. I see how I'll set it. Josh. They've done everything they're part of this credit him. So condolation. You know, doctor. Right. She's a very ery-edite educated bitch. That one, you know? I think she, to call her a lightweight will be an insult to every lightweight in the world. She's an idiot. She's tragic to think that our lives that the future of the human race is hanging on her thumb. I mean, that's pretty sad. I forget about her leader. I mean, that's that's another story all the way. Uh, yeah, forget about W. 12 14 at 5 60 W Q M if your mattress is lumpy and bumpy your back will tell you when you get up at the morning. You feel like you didn't sleep for two minutes. If you need new mattress, lots of things you can do. But the only smart deal is to make that easy called a dialo mattress. I've been telling you about these people for years. Dialo mattress backs up everything they see in their ads a hundred percent. Their competitors to a lie like crazy like Reg Reed. Their ad screen no down payment. No interest. No payments for 24 months. Tiny printed to vomit the ad reads like an encyclopedia of this Layers requires a minimum purchase higher than the advertised sell prices. Many times, not a single advertised item would qualify for finance interest penalties 21% or more. Sharpers need financing the most really even qualify. Dialo mattress to good news is they got no tiny printer. No tiny printer dislaimers near ads when you call 1 800 mattress. You'll discover there's never an extra charge for same day delivery. Dialo mattress takes same day orders all day long every day from candle to Stewart from Palm Beach to Ford Myers. When you call 1 800 mattress, you pick the date into our delivery window when you want your mattress delivered. And guess what? It's a miracle. I actually show up on time. So call right now and you'll see for yourself why 1 800 mattress is right number one in customer satisfaction. Dialo mattress reminds you to read that fine print too because they want you know that when you're buying, you ought to know what it is even if you decide not to buy from them. So do the smart thing like I've been doing for a very long time and the old mattress is ahead of just sit there on your fat ass and make one easy call to dial a mattress. Call 1 800 mattress or log onto their website at mattress.com. Dialo mattress at 1 800 mA TTRES the honest way to buy a great new bed. Fly and local. Here's sports video 56U and 2 AM. There's lady inside. She's another doctor's gym. And she needs two vibrant that is unleavened. And she's buying red at 7. He lives on the boy. And the bread is on there. On the bed is the only one. Call 18 at 5.60 WQM. So anyway, three pieces of moths is somebody who packs to say explanation of the offie Coleman. Even the glamour, are you put this year off this hour? Yeah, I wanted you to have it. I said why? So you could see there's the extra bit more Jewish. I don't want to be more Jewish. Three pieces of moths are placed in a moths recover a clock sleeve or envelope. And placed in the center of the satire table before the meal begins. The middle moths is removed and broke it in half. One half is returned to the moths recover. The other the offie Coleman is hidden to be hunted by the children at the end of the satire table. The child who finds the offie Coleman wins a special prize. There's the hot tickets like another bris for free. Yeah. So how do you like that? There's a Zack's explanation. Zack was professionally Jewish today even on Good Friday, which I think is our wages. That'd be a good poll to do someday. What do you think is the most ridiculous holiday of them all? That's probably Ramadan would win you think? Yeah, probably. 5.6705. 60 we got four more pair of tickets to give away. I can't believe I'm doing this. Who talked me into this? I don't know. I can't believe we're doing it either. Why not? I don't know. You can't see him. We got a lot of tickets. Oh and what is this? Somebody says be a whole page on his now that you just facts. Wow, we turned to a high-em-home page. No thanks. The broken mothsa. For sale, I'm not going to read this whole thing. This is so ponderous man. You think the go-in care about this? No. You think the Jews care about this? No. Of course not. They want their damn tickets. Especially the Jews. Some Jews from Middle Eastern countries saw the offie Coleman as having special powers and kept the piece of it as a good lecture. When you think it a little stale after a while? I would probably eat it before I became a good lecture. The day you eyed, though the Passover lamb was sent under the feast. He's described by Moses in the Torah today as there is no lamb eaten at Jewish Passover Satur recipes. Why? Because after the destruction of the temple the Passover sacrifice could no longer be properly made. So the lamb was no longer eating at the feast. The last piece of mothsa called the Offie Coleman is substitution for the lamb. It even has to be eaten before midnight, just as Moses commanded. You shall let none of it remain until morning. Maybe he met like 630 in the morning. Right? Should one. Oh, that's more of this. This stuff here. Where were Santa? This is from some Orthodox Yeah, I can read your language. Get some help. Okay, pal. I might away take off those silly stitches 5 670 560. I got a great idea. Let's do it on Monday when I come back to town. Sure. What we'll do is we'll take What do they call the thing the straps? Oh Oh, man. Come on. How could I have a brain fart on that? The straps? Svillin? Is that it? No, the toffillin to fill in. I know it's close. You got a layer to fill in, man Anyway, we'll take that to fill in a wrap around most neck and see if the piece flies off. I'll be cute 5 670 560 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQM. Hello Hi, you? Yes, sir. Hey, I'm a successor for your pole Okay Don't people might think he's a match, but I think he's kind of funny I have to make my travel report to larger the life. I'm Mark Morgan Mark Morgan is a good choice. Thank you Always not a member of our staff so we can put him on there Mark Morgan What do you think? Oh, God, every word can't put him on there. I don't want Josh going to put him on there because once he puts him on it We can't take it on that's right, but we do like Mark. I Mark Morgan now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q8 Who and that's nothing lately. I've noticed when I catch him in there two in the morning there with Mo and Joe He's a more spastic than ever now. Oh, yeah He's just there like somebody's What gets a goose and somebody is doing 560 70 560 now the problem. I'm gonna have when I give the pole result is when I get to guilty because now guilty is Let's see two four six seven place. He's right on Greg Reed's ass Kelly's got 14 votes now There's your 14 That was kind of weak recounting yeah So he's keeping track he wants to make sure keep me on a straight narrow path release part of that 560 560 don't forget we got the lovely Lee and Sweden on our website today if you have an age of 110 If you're as limp as a wet noodle, and that's about as good as you ever gonna get then you have our permission to take a look behind that being curtain Okay, by the way, Lance we need the dating Josh Beckett You know the picture from the crowd is town serious now you know how he said the picture for the Marlins like it like I would know who that is well No, I was just saying that I'm sorry Give me your full-the-spat that is that is so demeaning in condescending man. It is so gross test What do you mean now you've just exposed yourself as another sports nerd? I didn't think you were one of them sort of sports nerd The sports nerds that crants L. I'll ask you this since you're on his duke today sure with your oppy Coleman Uh-huh. I have a feeling that your parents original name was Rosencrantz It was well Rosen is my mom's maiden name right so her actual but Rosencrantz Something was down the line way back of the day. Uh-huh. And they changed it in yeah We had to change it. That's like changing your name from you to leverage to Solomon. Yeah Pretty pretty much five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Marlins time We're talking about the future of the human race here today and maybe some Marlins tickets too We got four more pair You know it's now I'm chopping him off. You put it get to ask and I heard that I'm Joe Rose's show when they start I'm gonna get right to it. No, you're not I mean if they don't have anything to talk about I'm gonna give him tickets no chance Right I told the colors they got to bring something to the table Bring something to the table like the oppy colon would be good if they brought that they give a special prize Maybe some kishki would be better though. I love kishva Gravy oh man. I'm thinking about that for lunch that he may be and a bowl of massive also Yeah, I'm real Jewish to me. It's very Jewish Hmm topped off by a nice banana split Why I I'm not trained. That's wrong with that I would love to have been in a split right but you would what a cow WQA and hello Hello, yes, man. Yes, hi. I'm calling we're going to tickets regarding what tickets the Marlins tickets the Marlins tickets Yeah, who are the Marlins playing? Who are the Marlins? Where the Marlins playing Okay five six seven five six. Do you want me if you don't even know who the hell are playing this weekend? I mean what kind of a fan could you possibly be okay? Now that's really interesting because there was a holy ethylity It was amazing because we never hear from no holy ethylity is very very very very seldom I mean once in a blue moon So if now all of a sudden we're going to get lady callers all over the place that we never get in which I'm not complaining about normal But that's just that is so gratuitously grow-task When I upset I'm setting you all you're going to get them all day now who are they playing? Ah, and the sounds of silence. It's no idea. Yeah, not even a little bit of a little bit of a little bit Which reminds me exactly Francisco our Rupa is the best way to show I am What what time is he on? I don't know yeah same thing That's how much I just like her. I've packed him out of in the same bit as same nice lady Can't help you on honey unless you know who they're playing? Let's you know something about first Unless you know how to get to first base forget about it. Okay All these people that never would call to show that hate me like poison. Oh, God about it right you tell them all again Come on. Oh, God about it. There you go I'm listening What was that other weather today and we sure hope we really is sick. I mean we hope he enjoys his long holiday weekend Maybe he's looking for the offie coming like you said He's still searching he's searching for it 1226 at 560 WQM Pomp and O Park is doing something special for the kids tomorrow April number 10 They're holding their annual Easter egg hunt for kids ages 10 and under and there'll be 2000 prize-filled eggs for the kids together upstarting at 7pm sharp tomorrow night Plus there'll be free miniature horse rides and the Easter Bunny will be track side to meet the children post her photographs In fact, Don Brainer's driving the Easter Bunny in the fourth race It's something nice for the kids to enjoy so bring the kids out. Let them have some fun to race Is too. Okay, to just know this way, Don over here. This is where the finish line is done Okay, it is to have mom from both I-95 and the Florida turn pipe Pomp and O Park is easy to get to from anywhere in South Florida And best of all Pomp and O Park gives you free admission and free general parking every single day Live harness racing in the poke room. They're going every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday like tonight tomorrow Poker starts at noon and goes on till midnight and live racing gets underway nightly at 7.05 in the PM Pomp and O Park is also open every day seven days and nights a week for cymel casting with the best and harness Thurber and highlight action from all across North America free to watch and plunge your guts on watch out for Tony Kerwood Pomp and O Park a block stop Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road for the curvary schedule You can go online Pomp and O Park dot com or Rick this call nine five four nine seven two 2000 don't forget lots of extra festivities for the kids at Tvarna the Pomp and O Park and live racing tonight and tomorrow 705 at Pomp and O Park Motorcycle Jump I go round to other hazelies, hazel, fit, I'll go one to say So be true that you're sure I try to smile, you're so early to know you're my life Okay? You're true that you're sure I'm so afraid, you're so whatever day we're at I try to smile, you're so early on your shoulders Hey All right, call me, check up for the sounds Ifhis turn is now, we ready to praycrew, I'm tastes Vocal Gesethig. Y'all turn it the choir now Show me sing it away T-two otter All the great deals all the time, 1233. What color is that? Do you hear that? One moment please. Another alarm on the parking garage. Somebody must be having a blast out there. They had 55,000 plus for opening. They are recorded by far on Wednesday or Tuesday. Wednesday came back with the 18, 17, 655, something like that. Last night, 18, 121. I think this week and they're expecting a huge crowd. Why not? It's a weekend. It's a holiday. Kids have been out of school. Of course, on a weekend. What can I tell you? It's a festive holiday. They're out there looking for the coffee coming in the Easter Eggs. What if you're looking for the coffee coming in the Easter Egg inside your napkin? That would be very impressive. Does that mean that the glam are getting to you? The fillings at the Marlins tonight. We're going to have big crowds out there. You got to tip your head. Well, at last, we've got to keep these people going to Spursley since the high holidays have come in a lot of the snowboards are long gone. A lot of people are in vacation all week long and still are putting some pretty good crowds. So far be it for me to be on a parade, even though I couldn't care less. So we've got tickets for tomorrow night. Of course there's some other big activity going on tomorrow night too. What's that? That's Ottawa against the Maple Leafs at the Air Canada Center here in Nautarano. We're getting two. We're giving out tickets for that. Let's give out some tickets. And maybe some plain tickets on air Canada to the bad news is who knows if they'll still be in business by tomorrow. Five six. Oh, they got the problem. Five six seven. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon. I want to clarify because I don't want to get my friend. They're all been out of shape. They're still in business. They got the extension from the court till may something a brother and life goes on. Okay. They're still doing just a fine fine job. Oh, we're fine. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Hello. Like speaking. Speaking. Neil. How you doing? Rob here in Boca. Actually this morning we took the offie Coleman. You know, we we made much debris with it. Master. You're ready for the exciting. The first time from my Korean partner in life in the afternoon sun. Uh-huh. Well, we're looking for the Easter egg. But we get a site for the mall and that's your fan site. We got a picture of me and a tweet in a couple weeks ago. Just go by mowins.com. I'll be there. Yeah. We actually went to the airport. No sign. No. No. No. No sign. I was a good dad. She's. We might be. You know what? You're like. Like. But actually, uh, yeah, we we stopped going to the mall because they were done in Miami. We were here in Boca. We were right. We'd be. Well, we don't want to make you drive all that distance. Okay. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines. Pretty long. Schlepp, right? Only somebody like mode deserves to have to make that Schlepp every day. Okay. Maybe that's why he didn't want to make the drive this morning. Okay. It's a long Schlepp from Boca all the way down there to the Dave Brower line. Maybe just wasn't in the mood for it. Okay. And he called in sick. He's in title. Especially when you're in and day with so much hate. I wonder why they're not doing the, I guess they got sucked in once this morning in the building and not going through the whole song. Dan's again. You notice? Yep. I don't hear the initial initial. Like that. And then the guy came on. We've got to report and then I heard a couple of fire trucks. I saw him. But that's the end of that. I guess. I hope. Now why would there be like two in one day? Because it's good for that. Maybe we have some sorely, uh, when I could be it. Maybe somebody's getting crucified in a parking garage and out of good Friday. I don't know. Or maybe the Arabs like I said, or act them up again. Uh, based on what you know and here on the year, who do you pick is the most obnoxious person is WQAM? Mohour David at 176. Wow. He's more than 100 ahead of his nearest competitor, which is the homper the Hebrew hammer. 176 here on WJM. 178. Now I can't even keep track. I'm listening. The homper's got 74, screw and 38. I got 34, which I'm very proud of. I have noxious and proud of it. George 23, guilty 19.  Gregory 16, I can't believe we're actually counting. Ricky Carlos 13, the man dog's got a dozen. I can't believe that. Can you? No. Wow even the big oh got eight Todd Rex six I'm glad to see Todd Rex is leading the sales people that we got on here except for screw in Fat boy Jeff highs got four and Jeff highs got a holiday message for all this friends out there. Hi, yeah, Paulie. Oh, there is three It decayed three Joe rose got three and hold blockhead finally got on the board Robert creepers got a pair and Duff not wanting to be left out the muff mic's just got a couple 560 what do we got left four more pair? Yep, you'll see all I'll squeeze it right delivery in good. So if you're on a line right now call them the chances are I never know it just depends at what mood I'm in a thermometer call because you know me. I'm obnoxious Absolutely, what model tell you? WQA and hello Happy your pace. I'll happy Easter Happy coffee on him. I was never in a place up a cow Couple week ago. I saw your entire sales staff there They're like oh, it was all identical with the grease back with tear black hair jet black and Some believable Unbelievable yeah, but anyways you do a great show now you're a lot of couple weeks of them fantastic with all of everything You can give them the bush and the FCC and all that good stuff Okay, that's all I'm glad you're enjoying it five six seven all five 60 don't forget by the way Stop FCC.com. Even though Scott turns out to be a little bit of a flake. I don't know. Maybe he's not pretty just a not very cooperative We know he he find he struck all men He had somebody in me that was really ready to go to bed for me got him thousand signatures We were gonna put that thing on a map, but he yeah, I don't know he's often his own world But now he's got the ACL you go in which I'm very pleased about that because at least we know who they are where they can be found at least they're like a reliable people You know, we're like they said in the godfather. We won't reliable people for this Not somebody's gonna get carried away and then he said on the other one He said to give it to that you cut some juga judge in the bronze. Yeah Which one was that let's see the undertaker? He's the one that wanted to revenge for his daughter. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, and who the other one? Oh the baker ends on the basis yes Who wanted the whatever the guy's name was to stay in the country we married to his daughter. Oh Godfather. You know everything Anyway There it is right there at the bottom of stuff FCC that kind of I hope a lot of you since it's a holiday It's a lot of you just screw it off just go to that today even if you already signed it This is a whole separate deal the ACL used getting involved and there's a link just put in your zip code And the reason to put your zip code is because then it'll direct you to the ACL you said But you're a floor to senators is assuming you're in Florida We got people listening on the internet who are elsewhere, but whatever state you're in you live in It'll pop up with your two senators and you can fire them off a letter right away I would sure do it now, man. Why you still got anything left on the air besides the old Martha Stewart tapes I would do it today Hop right on it Howard Stern history on clear channel case you missed that another $475.95,000 fine almost a half a million against each channel You see the interesting part of that whole deal is what does a half a million dollars to clear channel when you're doing nine billion Dollar Z when they've been allowed to have 1200 radio stations when they got almost all of the billboards When they've got the whole music industry all the concert thing going in that scam So it looks like the product is slapping Monterice, but it's not a big deal. No, I can check it right exactly pocket change So that's just a half a million thing won't be able to give the bush which is good news dollars Oh Don't use advantage no We'll find you a day and take your life to the way more That's for all I know could be your birthday one more I could have my radio to be destroyed That's a good signal now I can't count out the pain It's just for white out there You can't count out You can't look the same thing wrong After you can't stay there It was another false alarm How do you like that two in the same day we broke a record today? Keep everybody under toes Probably bring a lot of people out of their coma I've heard at least performance last night I love depressed people here in T.O. today But the summer shan and say beautiful day Case cashed and over's listen Sunny and 52 today not bad Don't forget join Jelney tonight 6 to 8 p.m. at the David Quarter Deck at 35 South University Drive Stop by for Amster Light specials when Marlon tickets Marlon tickets free from Jelney They love him And we're just doing trip for 2 to the WCM The WCM islamine open golf crab in June In Iceland Is that for real? Yep We're sending people to Iceland I think yes But when we send them to someplace nice Let's send them to Holland Let's send them to Germany Let's send them to somewhere they'll be safe That's right Iceland And enjoy George tomorrow Noon and 2 at saidy land An authorized Verizon Marlon store at 4410 West 16th Avenue in Hylia More Marlon tickets waiting for you with Jorge And other big prizes too Just another crab So the deal is, remember how long was right near the beginning of the show Wasn't that about 10-15 when they had the bag that stuff Yes With the all the alarms and explosions of the Sheraton Hotel Here it is now it's 1247 in the afternoon Do we have any more information? No Any idea of anything? No See I find that hard to understand Because they've got all the gut reporters there They've got cameras there They've got something going on How can we have nothing? Let me take a puke at the BBC Maybe now they got some special thing Oh, they have to pick up an easy fool So, privacy Oh, can you believe that? Those brits man What do I got rid of that guy? What about CBC? What about those good Canadian boys? They got anything on here? Buncho George, not only are pictures of the face For me to look for What language are these people speaking, eh? Wow, that was great Have you ever heard the Scottish speak? Actually, that's not a Scottish bro That's an really heavy Irish bro Have you ever heard that? Yes You can understand it then, we're decent Not one 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Let's get on it Ok, we got four more pair of Marlon Philadelphia Philly Tickets I think you're probably thinking of yourself What a hypocrite he is man He was ripping a little dog and asked this morning And rightfully so For just turning his whole show to a shameless giveaway But it's good Friday What do you want? Yeah, why not And I didn't realize that until after the first fall So long And then we realized that We'll do the best we can We got a skeleton crowd out there One thing about this time man There could be like only a few people Not good man If you said I got something free to give away It would just forget about it Just go nuts on the phone Come on, the third one We're going to be on the phone Yeah, come on, the woodwork for free Think it's going to be good Nobody QM hello It pops up to the right And you wouldn't give me any tickets He cut me off That's cute, will not cute Yeah Cut your off because the message is No, you're not getting no tickets, ok Shmuck Oh, let's see CNN is now saying a project I'll end in the red tennis court outside the shirt And hotel and bag dead No casualties were reported I'm sorry I'm not missed that Because what happens is they make such a big deal Out of the initial thing Oh, it allowed us to blow you know they get everybody We've stepped up to a frenzy Like that And then nothing Do that all the time Outside of tennis court Are we going to be carrying that tournament on QM? Yeah, good, this weekend 5 6 7 Don't call back if I chop your off If I chop your off, it means get lost Alright, means you don't get them I can't give them to everybody If we had thousands of tickets to your way Then then it would kill the show The only reason people continue listening They want to see if they want to hear some of you get Dehumanized and a lot of you deserve that You know that you win the way you grovele And suck up because you think you got something free coming Right? Sometimes it's scary How much of those Marla tickets worth Josh, do you know have you got any of you seen the face price? On the ticket? On the ticket? He's checking He's looking at it Now, maybe they'll say camp Maybe they'll say like probably They probably do because they're from us Well, not necessarily I don't think we give out many tickets They're more than likely just all count No price on it You ready for this? A whopping dollar A dollar A dollar or a holler Wow For a dollar ticket I thought these were good seats though I thought that was Zack was peddling before Which he lies a lot, I noticed What? You said these were great seats Great seats, huh? They are, maybe Yeah, they're in other words they're inside the ballpark Well, if you're in the ballpark and if you have been there There's 10 rows behind the nosebleed Where the nosebleed and these are 10 rows behind Where you have to have nosebleed and your own oxygen Yes, dollar tickets Now you're going to see the enthusiasm Wayne Speaking of Wayne 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lime So sorry, I asked you that It makes us look so chinsy and cheap It's okay WQAM, hello Neil God Yes sir Two things In Michael Powell's far reaching net to clean our radio air waves Are you still out to play the parody of at the hop? No, no chance Really? No way That's got XQ3 sounds in a man No more far sound I mean, that was part of our steering's the latest fine now Hey, yesterday you were talking about that beef The alcohol never far, farce you do understand that, don't you? Huh? Michael Powell never farce Yeah, I mean, it's more like roses, what it is That's correct Yesterday you were talking about that BP L Bill Is it the government supposed to be here to protect us? Because you know that's all that's going to mess up with the frequencies of the 911 called Right Through dickiness Amen Thanks a lot, Palak, two good points 5605 I've seen you on Ask for tickets What? Surprised you didn't ask for tickets He wasn't even thinking about that He just wanted to contribute to the show That's what these people call for You haven't been down as you're long enough to understand Our audience doesn't want to come and just suck around for freebies They want to contribute something to the human race To that vast audience we got out there They want to point out some really interesting crap Okay Got you Some interesting Right Well, I better take a look at that real quick We're going to reach the point I mean like if you had 100 votes I don't think I based on what you know And here on here who do you pick And the most obnoxious person in WQAM Mohour David 198 Absolutely Wow He is just a monster in the broadcast industry Thanks got 77 Square and 40 I got 39 I'm right on square But George 26 Yolty 25 What did I say Yolty? There's five There's 15 There's 20 I think I may have like go on over I think I may have like go on over Sorry I guess I've got 26 Greg Reid 18 Freaky Carlos 14 Maddogs got 13 The big Has 10 Todd Rex 7 Fat boys got 5 Joe Rose 4 Clearence 3 Eddie K3 Duff Myster's got 3 And poor Robert Green Puzzle And got a pair Oh you had to know him is to Wow Can't believe that Well that's I shouldn't say that because you have to work with him every morning Right Yeah I don't want to create a problem there for you Already got a problem with the moment No no problem Now there's more not as much because I asked Beast about this yet And I was most speak to you when you Yes Coming to New Joe show Yes And this is good morning how are you Really can't like in a funny friendly way Yeah I'll be damned He's not really good WQM hello Oh Neil Yes sir Hey listen One thing I got to say you can't retire yet You know you're the only sanity left to tell me Who's outside I'm retiring No no you see I got to see you got to count down for your retirement You can't retire man You do that And don't put it so cute One quite two questions Yeah Then kind of Lisa worked for Daddy Bush was she a maid When he was a five six seven Five six six nine five six six nine On the 18 and 10 Verizon Wireless line see there was so sad the guys are good guy You can tell by the side of his voice a great guy But number one he starts sucking around really really heavy duty I mean even the people of Kirby vacuum cleaner nervous all suction like that And then number two he goes in a way a bad funny line You know And like I said the other day she isn't qualified to clean the trillots in a white house and I really mean that I'm not just in it to be gratuitously whatever I just think she's a obnoxious she's an idiot She's a bubblehead She was so nervous she was like a 10 year old school girl yesterday in the beginning of that testimony She was visibly shaking Who doctor? Was that doctor Clark Dr. Clark she was visibly shaking Dr. Clark in the dark with that gigantic and like I said the other day it's a great thing She's got naturally that big gap between her two front teeth because when he lie through your teeth It's always great to be at the gap Why not? 1256 we got 45,000 tickets we're gonna fill that stadium and are they gonna be surprised tomorrow night huh? I'm sure they will be. Now they're gonna have good crowds tonight tomorrow and then Sunday Sunday's game is a 305 game. Yeah, right? Yes, now it's what's gonna be about 87 a game time Probably so I would get out there because on before me about the middle of May when starts to get to the line ninety-five In a shade this is a great time to go. Okay, so stay tuned because we got Ziggins and tickets and Zack just found in the he was looking for the afie coming to find a hundred Marlon tickets My little girl this is five six There is on your top You Stop on to two hour Hi, babe Making peace is hard to do Don't take general Someone from me How about two tons out the gallery We was afraid that you still hate Jews Cause making peace is hard to go I don't die to me We used to fight my little girl meant people Real appetite What you about it is just one new How about the went back and got that new It's through your not that we don't watch more of that shit My own people used to want my head The fear this is all that you got I will pray that my tent up is right And once you die I never thought We would get this fun Both I was shaking hands with rainbow star Let's get a feeling and have a bottle of cool Because making peace is hard to do I can't eat pork your smunk It's one o'clock at five sixty WM happy Easter Happy peace, happy whatever you do Happy getting out of town for the snowbirds Look at this it says on this facts Reykjavik Island is awesome You get to sit in the hot spring geothermal outdoor bath With good luck in semi naked people Sipping vodka Or recuperating from the previous night's drinking It's a great city really best in shortest flight Steerop I can't stand eight hour flights So a stop over in Iceland makes it easier Says somebody Who's got the Who's in the know I like Iceland you want to know why because when you're on the plane go to Europe And they have the the the map that you get to see the tracking map Yeah, I mean you get to Iceland that means you're at in far away Greenland Iceland man But once you get past Iceland then all of a sudden it's Ireland And they start talking real funny a This pole man really gets me upset Here's the latest of tracking pole The ifsos public affair pole Boy 45% carry 44 and need or 6% How is that possible? 6% for Ralph Nader people that haven't learned their lesson Including him man is at frost my fat ass Former president Jimmy Kerra and this is a fact you semi is right how could we leave the beast off that list Yeah, all right. Yep And Zack will put you on her too because we don't want you to feel left out Oh, thanks guys court to say going on there because nobody has any idea who he is yet. He hasn't been there long enough to be hated yet Been here. What happened? He's behind the scenes. That's why Zack needs to be on there and also the beast Now the beast is involved in right now, right? Yes Say what you well he's made his mark always never doing this show again. You can tell him that he was just awful when he is of the show You know he's a good guy. We like to be personally, but everybody who works with him learns to hate him. Yeah, pretty much I can almost understand mo and I say almost Even though he treated him like cramp, but I can almost understand it because he's in and member for real Yeah, all for Oliver said I got to get rid of the beast. I got to fire his terrible his oba and he's right He doesn't say anything. He just sits there and stuff says a Facebook with food. That's all he does Former president Jimmy Carter yesterday called the Bush administration decision to wage war against Iraq ill advised and on this unnecessary Editing that the resounding campaign is turned out to be a tragedy. He said even the BG's never saw tragedy like this Even them outside I The former Democratic president also said Bush's environmental policies are perhaps the worst in the nation's history. Oh, you know something. I can't play that bit anymore Nope The BG one You even know what I'm talking about. I've never heard of before. It's called impacted fart. Now, let me just let's see how much of it we can play. Okay I was standing there one day not thinking I would die from being able to make you We can see Now, do you hear that again? That thing is going again. Can we have a third false alarm here today? Oh, I think this is an FDC conspiracy and if you're with the highly-weighted neo-Rondish I think this is incredible Three and one day we have it at three false alarms. I've been here for two years now on and off and I can't believe that we could have three and one day Listen listen carefully. Folks this could be the real one Yeah, there goes Yeah Sounds like a heart attack Okay, here comes the announcement. Oh So anyway, that's what Jimmy Carter had to say. I never did read what he had to say. So he said the Bush environmental policies are perhaps the worst in America's history He also blame what he called Bush's pro-Israel policies for in danger for engenving animosity against America. And of course he is Absolutely Captain Jimmy Carter became so bright after he left the White House. You know all of a sudden he got smart Okay, we got four pairs still. They have a way or negative way three. No, you got two four still. So we got four. Okay Let's do it this hour. Okay, before the building burns down five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line WQAM hello. Hello neo. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Pretty good. I just got an email from the union I belong to and basically it says that well, it says that the federal election commission or communication is something has been asked by the Bush's for the union for for them to tell the unions not to put in their publications any anti Bush messages that are out there In other words, the unions are obviously pro-democrat. So when they endorse carrying things like that, they're telling them they want the the The bill to be the occasion of the election commission to make it illegal for the unions to back One president or another. So I can't believe I was so Paul when I read this that I just think if the Republicans don't believe that this country is turning into A bunch of being we're being told what to do and and you know turned in one direction. It's just driving me crazy. I just I'm just fed up with the whole thing Passions in the live made it we're turning to a bunch of Nazis here. Amen. I get to take it. No, now that thing is Deepening out what are what the guys gonna come on and say something if they just try to drive as crazy here today It because they do an a hell of a good job Three for the price of one. I'm positive that guy's gonna come on momentarily and say Huh, what do you think? I hope so. No, he's got to do it. I'll tell you what I'm gonna pay a pali. Let us know what's going down here. Come on Come on man They told you it was just a warning first right? Uh That'll teach you to open your mouth I'm curious how loud or those those coming through pretty good Decent we can hear if you were sitting here each time one of those babies goes off you like jump a foot right off your seat where you're sitting and then that's it No more see that's not acceptable. I think probably what this is like a little after burn Come on. Let's go give us an announcement. So I know exactly the Josh are both excited about Tickets and calls and give it away those tickets so many tickets and so little time yep 560 5056 the pound five 60. It's just maddening you know you're sitting you're trying to like Concentrate and pay attention to one thing, but in the back your mind you're thinking well, you know, how can this be going on now three times What do we got a bunch of crazed Islamic fundamentalist down there in a parking garage just having a good time? Or maybe we just got a few drums Two carried away after that awful hockey game last night that could be at a WQM hello Yeah, I'm not confident that's by just surprised you don't have Joseph Jackie on the panel Okay, we got him on there now good point Thank you sir Joseph Jackie we gotta get him on right we don't want to leave Joe out He wouldn't want to be the odd man out Nope, right? Nope now it stopped again. I don't hear no more beeping. I do hear if you listen real carefully here See they did they just threw a real quick one in there Well, I sure which right now which had those farting sounds because it was just like a real quicky. They threw in there But we can't do that no more no chance farting sounds and elimination the sounds of elimination. Oh man. I'm serious man You folks don't get it They're making it up as they go along and it becomes broader and broader and more and more insane and more and more restricted and pretty soon You won't be able to I guarantee you One day soon I'll come on here and say we can't say anymore We cannot say that word anymore, right now they say that word on TV all the time Yeah, it's it's crazy Not don't jump look at that I think I'd have a craft there's Dick Cheney that was that was interesting That's my second powers again as soon as I said that they showed Dick Cheney on it Of course that was a file footage because he's still back in the he's back in the Room somewhere, you know the bunker back into bunker with that shadow government. He's run out. Okay, the beeping stopped again I was saying Okay, we better start giving some of these tickets away because I want to have any hold an over We don't want to give any decurdists Curtis. Curtis. I'm sure he's got his own and yeah Curtis David said to fill in for the mad dog between two and four this afternoon Curtis has got thousands how many thousand? About 30 million tickets to give away two so if you don't get him from us have no fear Curtis is here W2A and hello Yeah, we're gonna give you a ticket all right. We're gonna give you a one-way ride sweetheart Tell me to QAM hello Hi, I love to get the violin tickets. Oh, we're doing well no chance No, I mean, I'm not just just some woman who would never call me in a million years Oh, well the woman are afraid of you and you've got all these women listening or they're too busy or they're busy looking for the Coffee on and a Weber it is Likely story this beeping thing they do a now is just Maybe what's happening is they got a reset the system you think that could be it? It's hot. Oh, no, no, or maybe there's like some massive outburst fire on the who knows WQM hello Oh, yes, sir Yeah, it's a deal. Please speaking Yeah, no, but that was into the show all the time. I was gonna kill you all the time but this is the This This more cuts. Well, when just because they're all gonna come Completely Joe Chuck Estelle come back in a year. I don't know All he did he doesn't tell us anything you just talked to Barry Jackass at the here I don't know all he did was make overtures about how he's Considering putting him back on and then I talked to Joe and Joe said he had never word or anything about it Do you have any information that I'm not not knowing about Now nothing Well, no, so in other words the answer is no, or you just took and tell us no, I have no idea no, we have no idea Joe has no other ones. So you know Greg trying to make himself look good cover his ass Tell him very Jackson. Well, it's considering putting Joe on because they probably got thousands and thousands of emails and calls Even though clearance lied to his teeth and denied it. You know, I said how much you get on back 20 about 20. Yeah, right Like please story your full of crap parents. Okay. She did probably is that Joe isn't part of parents is a little circle of friends like Zack and the beast and rubber creeper Right So if you were learning to play a little more hardball with you guys Then maybe We'll get back anybody's good races. I don't just be careful now. I'm Tonya Just be very very careful. There's no. I don't be playing fast and loose with any words. Oh, okay You turn that's another one. Turn that'll be out next week. You'll see crap and turn both going out of toilet. I mean they're both going bye-bye Based on what you know and here on the air. Who do you think? Who do you pick as the most obnoxious person at WQAM? Moe Howard David Edman. He's in a leak of his own 2023. That's a loop that's a loop. Wow The Humper's got 85 the Hebrew hammer. I moved in the third place. I top screw in 43. She's got 42. Horace got 29. guilty 27 28. Yeah, you did one more. Well, I got was thrown off by that be There on his viral arm. That's great read 21 the big 14 Freaky college. He's got 14 Maddox 13 Todd rec is moved up nicely. They ate and believe me. You won't go wrong vote for that piece of crap 547 votes fat boy jiff high five Joe rose five 8k four Duff muck is got three clearance three Zach you already got three just one on there. All right. Wow Robert creepers got a pair the beast is got one who also just one on there and poor Joe's a Gackie. He don't have any head. He also just went on but he'll have any head. He's uh, you know He's okay. We'll pin this face to those a gackie. 12 minutes after one at five 60 QAM We're sports when you'll five 60 2 a.m Oh Tutions the pride a new eyeball Put your glasses I bow down there's a place you Can be a Fee material There's a special here for some fingers It's doublehoon day hit your buying Veterans and part you'll find you can use their new Mass line You can get a new heart, feel it ain't all the part. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your heart. You can put it on your credit card. What's 16 and 5. 50 WKM all the beef and all the time. And there's still a bang and oil that can win. You think this might not have to be done on the table. We have a little problem. We're setting the alarm and just don't panic and everybody can come down. We've been an announcement yet. Like, since the other one? Absolutely not. Everyone's from while when you're least expected. One of those. There it is. See that? Yeah. Wow. I was getting a little thankful. I'm so happy. Yeah. Wow. That was getting a little faster. Like that. You know. After long consideration, I've decided that the peninsula that comprises Delaware Maryland and Virginia, it's called Del Marvapin in Solution be deciphering new Israel. What does that mean? Only requires moving out about 800,000 people. I was originally considering Long Island. But the fourth estimate of so many New York Italians would be too much of the burden out of rest of us. Do you have any idea what that means? No. It's a shot at the somebody. Anyway, Jeff and Lake Worth says, I've banned for life from calling the Mr. Ego show because I said, you can't spell balshmit with our BUSH. It said that didn't say balshmit. I used the generic term. I also would like to see a poor favorite television pet. Oh, God, Jeff. She's. Wow. And keep in mind, he called the Mr. Ego show. So what does that tell you about Jeff? He's trying to say, I have no line. Right. We understand. You're not alone. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. Now we're going to get down to serious business. Okay. We got four pair or is that pairs? Pairs. No pairs you eat. You should know about that. Pairs you eat. Pairs like a girl pair. We have four pair of Marlon tickets for the Tornite's game against the Philp. Philp, Philp, Philp, Philp, Philp, Philp, Philp, Philp, Philp. And anybody calls in and who sounds reasonable. Who doesn't dig a curate away with his retool and his grubbing and the beggar. I just can't deal with that. Conduct yourself like a mature human being. Maybe you might have a shot. WQM, hello. Hey, Mia, how you doing today? How you doing? Hey, I had a idea I wanted to pass by. You can get your opinion on. I think that to become president of the United States Commander and Chief of the most powerful military out there. Don't you feel that there should be at least a minimum of four years spent in one of our four branches of a military? No. No? Looked how many years did Franklin Roosevelt spend in the military? I don't know, but I was looking for it. He was elected four times and a lot of people think it was our greatest president. Yeah, but at least you would have some experience in what the military is in the military. Yeah, that's why people are great presidents around themselves with great the secretaries of defense and secretaries of state and great military men. The president has to be more than just one dimensional. Very true, very true. But that was just my thought. And a bad one, but thanks anyway. 560, 560, 560, all the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. How many years the military service did Bill Clinton have? You following this? Or have you been? Has he passed out again? Has he just fallen on the floor? I'm trying to listen to the beeps. Now, forget about the beeps. I'm doing a show and yet I'm maintaining our focus here, but you are so easily distracted by little sounds. I still can't believe it's going on. What do you mean by that? I can't believe it's going on for like a what? Now we're in a half now or something like that. But there's been no one telling you what's going on. No, there's no one else been now. This just goes. It's like the Chinese water torture treatment is what this is. This goes on and on and on and on and on and on. We're doing a duet now. I don't know. Listen, I'm here to hear a T a tour of clock. I'm racing out of this building. Okay, just forgetting about the fire thing, because I'm sure it's another false alarm. Just to get away from this madness, this insanity stop. Can't take it no more. That's when I'll give you the announcement when you leave. Yeah, right about a minute till too. All we're sorry, but we've had a malfunction at the junction and Uranus. It'll be fixed shortly. You're mom. WQA and hello. I'm Phil. Yes, I am. I'm calling about the rabbit bandit. Right. Through no fault of my own, I was born and raised in Newport Richie. I'm so sorry. I ran away from home when I was 16. My father was good friends and still is good friends with most of the cops. They go hunting together and all that good stuff. Uh-huh. You put Richie as 75% elderly, 5% migrant workers and the rest are all back with they get it bow hunk. Hmm. Sounds like a west coast afforded to me. Absolutely. Just stay on 75. Don't make any stuff. Keep going. But I wanted to say that the story just doesn't even need surprise me. There's a lot more that goes on that you don't even hear about. I'm sure that. Deal? Yeah. Um. My mom actually let my little brother come down to visit me for a few decades. Yeah. Could I take him to the Marlin? Sure. No problem. Hang on. Now, see, no, the only reason I'm doing that is because she's from Newport Richie. I feel so sorry for her. I knew that was coming though. What? You could feel her out. Of course it was coming. All I think we're getting like any. Now, we did have the one guy who gave us Joe Zagaki, which we overlooked for the poll, which She won us and he was great. He wasn't sucking around for any free beer and they like, if they don't stop, what is beeping over here? I'm going to start my own damn fire. Okay. Not as serious. I mean, this is insanity. I can't believe it. I'm going to sue this damn building. These people are crazy. You just kill at this goal on and on and on and on. Our actor hour after hour. We may have to evacuate. Oh, did I say that? Oh, sorry, Michael Paul. Oops. I wonder if I threw that away. If I smit can, that's still I probably did. I guess I did about the stern fine. Let me send it again. No. What do you mean, sin did? You didn't send it in the first place. We have that one of the stern papers here. No, I don't want to go over it again. But just just the way that described these things is if it was so outrageous and so oh, my goodness, can you believe it? They're so indignant over the filth and perversion and disgusting things that have been invaded the just like John Ascroff that comedy made about pornography. It's like in everywhere it's invading and it's, uh, uh, brother. You talk about a throwback to the stone age and the public is sitting around like, please somebody throws an anchor word drown in over here. Okay. Man. Now how many we got left? We got three left. Yeah, I timed this out pretty well. Yeah, why not? That's a nice 10 minutes. We'll give away one. Or now maybe next 15 minutes. We'll give away one. Then the next 20 minutes. So we'll have a two, two pair. Whoa. A two pack. Tell you one thing. You know what's the holiday's man? Like I said, now this is almost the end of the show on Friday. This is always the worst week of the year in terms of listener response and anybody being in town because once it comes Easter and pay soft baby and once all of this stuff goes down all the stove birds bail out, everybody who's got vacation time coming to kids about a school lay bail out. So you just, it has really been at ban. Well, I was on the beast was there without not to great. Everyone else is looking for the offie coming. Now I'm listening. I hear somebody crawling around in the hallway. Oh, wait a minute. Those are got half feet. That's. That's. Like that. Tell me to QM hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you sitting now? Pretty good. Wow, I think I've got two. I'm surprised that the great name has to call the snores. It would be calling, grabbing up your tickets. What a shame that would be, huh? Yeah, that'd be something I have to say. Yeah, I'm through trying. I'm home for free right to my school teacher and I'm home when I'm going to go in your show. I just wanted to call you and say, I have a couple of problems with the school system if we could pay a channel there for just a second. Would it be okay? Go ahead. Well, I'm an elementary school teacher and a 35,000 dollars a year to teach kids and $4. You know, and I'm sitting here reading the paper to live on one of the big bookwaters. It's not one of the times. But I've used only getting $3.7 million a year. You know, with another shame. Boxed and red truck. And you know, when you see one of the kids wearing all the jerseys and this, you know, you know, they're, they're super heroes and so forth. And just you're a place to live in crap out of me. I'm just having a real good time with it. And I was just, and then I see this crap with condolences on the television. You know, she seems like she's never talking to an audience of more than two people. I'm not entirely sure if they're shaking and you need to be right. Could it be, could it be more than the public with saying? Right. I don't know. I just don't get that. I'm going to have a straight up. I can have a turn to get that. Let me go the game. I got a bunch of little kids in my own. I'd like to take them as a good. Well, you can't take them all. I can take one. That would be great if I could get that. I'm just going to buy the rest of your tickets. Okay. Hang on, pal. Hang on. I can't see. I think I'm going to throw this to the real good soft story. We don't know if it's true. Not if he's really a teacher. Who knows? I have no idea. Right. It worked. But it worked with me because I'm a soft dude. Guys, the school teacher. He's like, we got so many stupid people in America, which was so underage you educated. Well, we have so many funcially illiterate people running around going like that. In fact, in America, most of them are going to do like, or I have no life. Or both. I have no life. Like that. Or, and the other two. Seriously, if this stuff don't stop in the last few minutes, I don't know. I, I, I, I, I, I, maybe do something rash, you know. Oh, oh. Like just go out on a balcony and close the thing behind me. Oh, that works. Well, at least I won't be able to hear that crap anyway. You know what? F***! Based on what you know and hear on a year, who do you pick is the most up noxious person that WCWM? You know, I'm thinking of another thing too. Before I get back to the pool. This is a legal holiday in Canada, okay? Uh-huh. So most people don't have to work today. So people who ordinarily wouldn't be in this building on a Friday to be working, that they haven't a life doing something. They're here today, yep. You know, something that might have even wanted to sleep in real late, you know, or whatever the deal is. And now they're like a captive audience with just insanity going on. I think it's a George Bush plot. I think he's trying to get even with Cretchen and he's not even in office anymore. Anyway, more Howard David, he's the winner. I mean, you know, we got the whole weekend to go, but nobody's going to touch Mo. And what I thought that is, 238. The Humphor, the Hebrew Hammer's got 97. Neo Rogers, 47 for years, truly. I'm moving on up. Screw N43. George has got 32. Gellie 28. Oh no. There's seven. There's seven. What was that? That was another seven because I came to the one that's double. Uh, 14. Uh, 14. Uh, 14. Uh, 14. Uh, 14. Uh, 14. Uh, 14. Uh, 14. Uh, there you go. Gellie's got 28. Uh, Gregory 21, Mad Dog 16. The big, 14. Franch Frikey Carlos 15. Todd Rex got 806. Fat boy. Jeff Heis got five. Joseph, ackey five. The beast for Zach year moving on up. You're tired with the beast. So I don't know him. They're voting by the pound. Nice. The beast in Zach F4 piece. Eddie Kays got four. Terrence three. The Duff Mystus got three. And the Greek Myster Robert Creeper's got only two out of five 97. Which I guess they don't know him. That was. My and law. This is what we do twice a week. QAM. We are in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. In theaters now, Lord of the onion rings. You're a fat idiot. Give me some food. I want food. Cheeseburger, Spitzer, onion rings. Cheeseburger, cheeseburger, two birds. One cheese. Cheeseburger, two birds. Oh, loneliness and cheese burgers. The red game yours makes stopping onions can be a chalk. He's fat and stupid. I'm not fat shit up that boy. Lord of the onion rings. Good friend is morbidly obese. Sand it on you. I want to gain so much weight. Richard Simmons comes to my friend. Can I show you a little magic? Your standout is disgusting. Oh, here comes the announcement finally. Come on, Pelle. You can do it. I'm like, leave that. Just this, this the shrunk down there. Just got on the EPA and went like that once. Come on, spit it out, man. That ain't it. Buh. Buh. Buh. Buh. Anyway, 28 till 2. He gave us a false sense. He said it was actually going to say something like we apologize because we've destroyed all of your lives and your brains are scrambled. But we didn't do that. This has got to be sabotaged, right? Of course. This has got to be an FCC plot. They probably are like a reporter doing something. They found you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. How many pair we got to give away in this last 20 minutes? We better remove real fast. Two pair. Two more. Yeah. Like I said, take our time. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Back to you. Happy circus. Did you eat your piss today? No. Not even a macro. No, not a good loss. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. Now that's what is called a really textbook. Lane with them. Do you understand? Yep. Lane with them. No conversation. I have no right. No life. Just nothing. Before he leads up to his shame. See, that's why this is so bad. But it did help us kill a couple of hours though. Sure. I don't hear any more beef than going on to you. Nope. They may have taken just a little bit of a pause. Maybe they finally got to fix. Maybe momentarily the guys going to come on and say, Ah, something. You think? I hope so for your sake. Oh, I. I've never caught our men. This has been, what time did this start about? 10 to 11? Yeah. Really? Yeah. Yeah. That's right. It was in the 10 to 58 break. It's just been out here at this 130. It's like 2 and 1 a.m. Pretty good. I can't make a moment. More hours, David, for jokes again. Yeah. And I don't think about our real heart. Okay? Sit down on a throne and think about our real heart. Take a good magazine. Maybe one that's got a picture of both of the money and look at one and look at the other one. Look at that muskware on the most head. And then look at all penis-faced. This is not for yourself which one you find most obnoxious. He's having a difficult time. 5, 6, 7, 5, 60. We may have a difficult time just given these last two pair. Okay. It's got to be somebody a little bit better than this last pair we had on the throne. Very, very weak. Sheenless. WQA and hello. Hey, you're having a good time. Pretty good? I gotta tell you what a pleasure is. We've been looking back at 20 to out Florida. I'm visiting once a year visit from a wonderful Rally North Carolina. Oh, I'll be damned. Home of the Carolina Games. Huh? They suck. Hey, I want to, I would like to hear celebrity update. Whatever happens to end this ship and Sally sits. And they should stand in Sally fits in Chicago, where she could seize days. And Sally said, that's the answer to your questions. So you're having a great time away. And there's a different kind of a sound. Did you hear that? Yeah. There was a different sound there. I think it was. Oh, it was it. Oh, and that's what this is. These are SEC bleeds. Yeah. I thought this was still part of that phony fire alarm they had before. This is. Yeah. Well, the real bleeper please stand up. Man, this is madness. When I go downstairs, I'm going to just bitch them out at lobby. Not that they got anything to do with it. But just just I get, oh, here we go. Here's the end of the world, folks. Hahaha. Tonight we are in a country awakened today's journey. And called to the fin free. Called to the fin free. Why was really one to play? Just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 430 p.m. The department of health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets, and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces. The post office recommends that you mail early in the day. And for those with automobiles alternate side of the street parking will be suspended. That's the end of the world. Next Tuesday at 430 p.m. Market down. Okay, market down. 24 tilt to if I market on your hand like in a moment. Did you see that? Yeah. So a bit some peace and I didn't see the whole movie. Well, why not? Well, if you see bits and pieces you can take them together, tap them together and watch it from the beginning. Or if you have the DVD, you can like check out the Easter eggs on it. But what? Ah, here's another guy that don't know about Easter eggs. I bet you're Josh knows what those are. The extra stuff? The extra stuff is extra things that you can see, but you're not supposed to know about them. If you go to Easterrags.com on the internet, you'll find a listing of all the different movies and what they have to do to be able to see. Like, my mentor in from front to back and we'll chronological order as well. Back and forwards. That's great. Because I didn't watch it from front to back and it makes it just a little more sense. Just a little. 560, let's give away a couple of pair tickets so that these poor slippers out there get off our back and maybe that deep and f*** will stop. But I have my dot. Oh. Huh? Ah. WCWM, hello. I'm Stunkle Mio. Yes, man. Hi, how are you today? Pretty good. I just wanted to say that you're my hero because you played the folks' long talk on the exciting, man. Amen. And you've heard it. I'm glad you're here. Thanks. 560, 560, pound 560, the 80 and 10 Verizon wireless line. WCWM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I wanted to just give a book. I wanted to recommend the Nio. Go ahead and head your talking to them. Oh, this is Nio? Speaking. Hey, how are you? Pretty good. You got a book name, um, it's called the creature of Jackal Island. Okay. Do you really it? No, what's, what's, what kind of a book is that? Well, it's really a story. It goes back to, um, the, the film is Earth System and how it was started, and everything like that. Uh-huh. And how, uh, fractional banking is destroying us and, uh, it's really interesting. I think you really get a kick out of it. Okay, thanks a lot. Sounds a little bit ponderous to me, but I'll check it out. What do you say, Dr. Jackal and Mr. Island? Five, six, seven and pound five, six to you on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Based on what you know and here on the ear, who do you think is the most obnoxious person at WQAM. Mohour David had man 249. He's taking a bum wrap. Here's the announcement. Please. Ha ha ha. No, Schmidt. We're experiencing technical difficulties. Uh-huh. Yeah. So in other words, they can't shut the anything off. See what happened to these buildings. What are you from, and what are you from, and what is it? After the fire alarm goes off, and it's almost 99% of the time of Foni deal. Uh, then they can't shut the thing off. No, forever. Technician has been, uh, dispatched. He's coming by. He's on a pony right now. But area's out there, but he's on his way to the ACC to try to take some goals for the least for the other overnight. Ha ha ha. Come on. Get serious. I wonder if we got that game in an hour thing on right now. No, it's least lunch. But, you know, Pat Quinn's job is to stay curried. Pound, but there's bill waters used to be the least GM now. Big fed bill waters. And that was a blood cast. Not amazing. Everybody gets candy become a broadcast. Yeah, why is pretty good though? It's got a big mouth. I scroll and bill. Maybe we could put you in charge now. Don, sure. Rip in a hell out of Pat Quinn last night for having a wrong penalty killers out there. Kelly Johansson, about 110 years old, and looking at every year of it last night. Pretty bad, Kelly. Go back to Sweden. Now, when we come back, we're going to have way a couple of pair real fast. Okay. No more dittling around because we're run out of time. We got Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog and two. They Hebrew hammer at four. We got that. They've been up on the wrong way. Marlon's on deck at seven o'clock. Marlon's host, they filled that off the affiliates at 735 as they look to make it three wins in her first four games tonight at the APP Park. Any K after baseball tonight. Riding local. Here's sports radio 560. You A M. Oh, let's go. Rip on the skull. A bunch of people in Europe. Look at my palm net three. For the best result come from same place as Sean Connery. And I want to go that. Ritor to Scotland. Oh, I'm a grand dad. I'll play the big piece. I'll wear a plan. I'll buy you a goldman. I'll eat some hages. For the full monster who lives away up in luck, miss. So though I've been through the highlands, I'll get Ray's land rebuilt. Can't you wear my gold job suit? I'll look for an egg. I'll show you how to wear a goldman. Ritor to Scotland. Let's wear a drop drop. So is Lisa Marie. No Michael Jackson. Here I go. Ritor to Scotland. Ah, to the pop. Oh, I'm a sheep. Here's what I'll do. I'll wear a cute thing. I'll wear a black suit. With the yellow shirt. Oh, where's the sheep? Ritor to Scotland. Rectom. Here, girl. 144.56. Did everybody put a musket to these cows right away and give away to more Permanent. Everybody happy for the holidays. What do you say? Oh, see if you would have really had for us a whole lot of tickets like you said before. Then I would have to be playing games with these people and feel and so bad about it. Yep. Don't you think I feel bad? I'm sure you do a little bit. No. I'm going to play with you. Hello. Yes, sir. Wow. First time I ever get to talk to you. I'm kind of like, I'm kind of like, I want to put a name on the list. All right. That's Kim Volkamper. Why would you say that? How could Kim Volkamper be obnoxious? Oh, God. It must be his, he's, I don't know like his face on TV. I mean, I don't know. I'm like a mental thing. And also, I also want to put a feature pole. You're favorite. Oh, half the BQM host. Are you always going to win that? Oh, for real. Thanks, sir. Thanks, sir. Okay. How you all to keep wanting tickets? Wow. I don't like that. You want to take it. Come on. Let's go. He's got the big deal. And a big rack. Come on. Why? Well, that's all he ever said. Basically, I don't want to pick on him now. He's not in the land, but, you know, it's easy to be all here. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come see me. The ballpark. Come see me. And I'll call funny. Come see me get fired. Oh, how did he talk like that? I don't know. Nobody believes me, but that's exactly he talked. I mean, nobody could put that on. No, you're right. Well, I went in September. He took me to Vegas with him to do a show out there. And no one believed him out there. That was his real voice. And he was, and he lived out there for a while ago. Trust me when I tell you that was it. Okay. Let's hurry up here and get this done. WQM. Hello. Hello. Oh, yeah. Neil, please. Yes, sir. Speaking. Yeah. For your parents, all of the above. Okay. Thanks. Well, that was Pete Poldger. WQM. Hello. I never call you. I just listened. I'm trying to get some more than ticket. Okay. Hang on. Thanks. I see. How do you like that? Well, the other guy before him. See, that's what made him look good. You got that guy there on seven Josh? Yeah, he got him. Oh, man. I did that little forlting there for about ten seconds. And I'm just gagging. That's a holy crap. So you need mine goodness. Is that what it takes? That's all things. No, no, no, no. How much a liar is that? He was a fun, but man. A little bit too dangerous for us. He was a good guy. So what do you think? Do you think that now that the G-Tammel made it officially think now Greg would put a stern on. Starting Monday morning, right. I followed by forl. Follow by forl. That's right for me. I could do just know the two sounds good. I'm about yeah I told George you know when he filled in to start doing that for real voice He wouldn't listen to me because he did it very well Some people can do that and he keep talking I get all like that But he didn't pretty good So many of the summer when I have my two days there my two and all's and two days Maybe George can do the fillings and for reals boy skin about a 15-share Oh my god, I can't imagine I'm doing that for four hours now this article you just sent me from one of our listeners for Mark and Miami the battle the US wants to provoke This goes on and on make them a story to talk about what's happening in a rack today This is not the civil war that Washington's been predicting breakout between Sunni's she is encouraged It's a war for book by US occupation authority and wage by its forces against the growing number of shea who support Mokata al-Sadar Sada was the ever more radical yani. It goes on about this one and that one and on and on a goes What does this say? Well, here's where they you got a couple of stars on here on Sunday All these explosive forces came together when thousands of demonstrators filled furtose square on one side of the plaza a couple of kids Time to the top of the building took a knife to a billboard advertising a rax new army on the other side US forces pointed tanks at the crowd while a loudspeaker told them that demonstrations are an important part of democracy But blocking traffic will not be permitted at the front of the square was the statue that the Americans put up in place of the one top of one of Sada It's faceless figures are supposed to represent the liberation of the Iraqi people today They're plastered with photographs of Mokata al-Sadar Whatever the point of that is, okay Okay, thanks Mark. You killed about 45 seconds from the garden, which always has pretty good stuff, but usually not there 148 at five 60 QM will become back that last pair and then Zach and Josh are gonna sing till two o'clock Why the you best Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey stand by for news While out one morning in the park a jugger found a brand new tennis mall and Seeing no one around it might belong to he slipped it into his pocket into his pocket in his shorts Light her on his way home. He stopped at the pedestrian crossing Waiting for the lights to change a girl standing next to him. I the large Balls in his shorts What's that she Asked her eyes cleaning with lust tennis ball said the man All said the girls sympathetically that must be painful. I had tennis elbow once now page two A Chinese man arranges for a hooker to come to his room for the evening once in the room. They undressed climbing to bed and Make love When Finish the Chinese man jumps up runs over to the window takes a deep breath dives under the bed Clines out the other side jumps back into the bed with a hooker and come in sister repeat his performance The hooker isn't press with the gusto of the second encounter when Finish the Chinese man jumps up runs over to the window takes a deep breath dives under the bed climbed out the other side jumps back into the bed with a hooker and begins again Lee hooker is amazed at this sequences repeated for Times I'll say it again for Times during the fifth encounter she decides salt try this myself So when they're done she jumps up goes to the window takes a deep breath of fresh air dives under the bed and finds four Chinese men Paul Harvey Good day 153 at five 60 always love that Paul Harvey not He's still on the air. I think is me Not sure gotta be 110 years old Anyway, here's the one giveaway one more pair right? We got one more pair to give away. That's right. That's what I thought see how keep track See I want to give away one such stuff. We don't have like Zack was trying to get me to do Dreaming oh we got like you said to begin in the show. We got tons of tickets You know like good problem give away 400 pair millions But I'll serve them right all in free loaders anyway Yeah, why not plus of course the people I do have to come to station have to meet and cohort with the freaky carlos out there So that's punishment enough for being a free loader. Yes Face them what you know and here on a year who do you pick as the most obnoxious person WQAM? Mohour David at man is he a monster huh? 63 just when we thought more with the old man was slipping a little bit Hank the Hebrew hammer 104 a strong second but out in mostly I got 51 Scoring got 45 George 38 y'all the 31. I'm not playing those things. Okay 31 of those just the one In fact he's got No way man Plus there you go pretty well That was a lot easier wasn't a lot easier right. Oh I couldn't headland Greg read 25 Fiki Carlos 19 the man dog 17 the big 16 We're talking out obnoxious time-dreck there's obnoxious for just look him up in the dictionary his pictures next to what nine Joseph acce 8 jobro 6 Zack you got five. Yes move the head of the beast nice Well, what's wrong with that? No, it's nothing wrong with that. Jeff high in fat boy five 80 to K four the beast four Terrence three dusk got three and Robert creeper stuck on two out of 650 Because they have that any idea who the hell that is That's the only reason as well. Okay just look up here. I'm gearing's picture in the in the encyclopedia. You'll see it Well line nine must be pretty good call QAM hello And you're doing pretty good good Most not just that guy you have for Walsh got junior He's he's already given his notice he's history man. Good man good I had a quick question man. I live up on Orlando And this is right wing nut shop up here and you'll never disclose ratings How can I get to see what his ratings are who's that guy named Shannon Burke never heard of them Hey, it's the right wing loser How do I know what his ratings are? We're gonna work out work out look that up can't Can't I mean you guys? I don't know if they're actually they make them public but what's the season's the on? WFLA 540 or that FLA Yeah, I must be them. It must be like a farm team of FLA and Tampa right now is it just out of Orlando? I think I know it's Tampa. Yeah, but but it comes out of Tampa FLA is 970 look it up look up arbitron.com and look at the different markets and maybe they'll have it on there for you Okay, I doubt it but look it up keep most of street right? Oh, we better hurry. We got another pair of tickets to you boys. Yes, just relax. Okay Who's the picker of a WQM hello? Yes, sir. Am I speaking to Neil sounds like you Listen, I was I was thinking I wanted to take my son So you're you know when you get your phone face maybe I'll consider if anybody with a phone like that has to take care of priorities in order Right get to get a new phone and we'll work out the next time WQM hello. Yeah, I know yes, sir. I saw a couple of great proper stickers And I think you'd love one of each okay once that nobody lied when Clint and nobody died when Clint lied right And the other one says protect the environment plan a bush back in Texas beauty. I like it I would like one of each of those and we love you love to have you on the air two vanjo know reach more people Maybe this country would turn around my wish get back with the long Thanks, I went to the game last night Yes, well the last time you saw a majorly picture go three for three incredible So I picked the ticket if you got him if not given to someone more deserving we love you and Have a great life thanks a lot, pal. I'm not gonna give him because he went to the game last night See as a great call. I appreciate the a lick job. You're good guy, but I give this somebody else like maybe somebody online seven QA and hello Hello, yes, sir. Yes, yes, yes, it is All right Hey, I have a business. He's got a nice oil and I just listed yesterday to the guy on the car with a radio in it And I you guys are giving away the money Yeah, you want to work what is it what can I do to Oh, bring base How about I'll put in place? Okay, hang on and you got them all right up here See there's a guy who didn't even know who to lie in, but that's what he's got He sounds like he needs it like he just got off the bit animal But I got a call before he said it worth the game last night and he he felt like he was kind of guilty You know ask him right of course and rightfully so how come I hear like an echo now is that just me? I think my brains are Friday you notice that beeping is still going on. It's it becomes so used to what by now It's like part of my brain Oh man This is definitely the George W. Bush torture treatment that gave me here. They make them a stay They found your I told you oh brother anyway Here's a couple of things going on this weekend joined guilty a night Well in fact you can squeeze him and he goes Just poke him in the ribs you go Like that throw a rotten tomato and we go Join guilty night six to eight of the David Quarter deck at 35 South University drive stop by for M. Delight specials win some Marlon tickets if you missed out with us You got a chance with guilty and we're just gonna win triple two to WQM ice land open golf tournament in June Probably in Reykjavik get your licks in Reykjavik and You enjoyed George tomorrow afternoon from noon until two at Seljule and an authorized Verizon Wireless store at 44 10 West 16th Avenue in Hylia Stop by for more Marlon tickets. I guess that's your last shot all of probably on the year. We're gonna be when you think all we can I'm sure I'm sure Is this gonna be a regular thing now that the front running from me the Marlon fans have come on so and Gun hole of course everyone wants to go now everybody's into it now. Oh, man. That's a that's a hottest ticket in town We want to go see them Marlon So anyway George will have some of those for you tomorrow and well, that's right in Hylia no less and some other prizes too Like a one way ticket back where you came from anyway That's gonna do it for us pretty good week here Zach that bad Josh of course is usual continuing to a learning experience I'm magnificent job except for a little bit of the spelling nobody's perfect okay and just put in burrows in Erika's what he said it was my first even sin Adley's grandson coming up next for the mad dog