The demand 2554 we can't see the RBR. I don't only win the whole book comes out, which is a long ways away This is only the first part of this big book, but anyway I notice for example at big one-06 which had taken that precipitous drop losing more than 80% of their men from a February to March overall Oh, many team plus they actually went back up from a 1.3 to a 3.5 Oh, I do like that and I'm looking at Zeta Where'd it go? Where's the morning number? Oh, this is a mess just like yes, I'm picking up where I left off yesterday Probably shouldn't be doing this I can't find it. Where'd hell is QA in the morning? There it is. Yeah, 5.0 And Zeta actually dropped From a 5-1 in March to a 4-6 in April. How do you like that? Oh my god Wow, and that's when they were still had the Paulian Ron on there so you can only imagine what's gonna happen with Lexian Luther It wasn't that damn ethnic sampling. Oh, yeah, right. Well, and that's what I'm getting to The ethnic sampling that goes on in addition to which there's a phenomenon that takes place and that's just arbitrax That's just a sampling the fact that a matter is that the Hispanic is the whole mentality of some photo Which is very divisive and very unfortunate See being here at Toronto, which is rated as the most culturally diversity in the world. That just in North America but in the world I Read it somewhere like in a funny page. It's true and we got every kind of people there's packages and Indians in Chinese And like white people a few of them and like you know a few shfarksers and Lots of faggets junior say I'll be real pleased to see that and just every kind of people other under the sun And yet in spite of that No matter where you go everybody's speaking English Now if you're all of course you got the frog problem Screw them who the hell cares about them. That's another story But here we don't have that But in some 40s still have this incredible ethnic division that goes on and it's it's not getting better It's getting worse than I remember years ago Back during those really ugly days new early 80s the mayorial boat lift and all the real ethnic hate that just just spilled over Just like all the bodies that were spilling over on the streets because Pastor Sonosol of his murderers and rapist and things like that But in any raid and people saying why do you just have to be patient? Okay? It's only like 20 years since Castro took power and all these people came the assimilation process will happen I think they're full of cram. Yeah, why do you listen to them? Because I was stupid. I could have told you wasn't gonna happen. Oh well, why didn't you tell me? Although the assimilation process is happening, but not the way you think haha Well, you may have a good point cuz here's our new format we're starting on Monday Because little sample on the fighting the find it Oh It's just a This is completely unalty bad, me, don't call corners in the crew. But George, who is your team? I'm your coach. I'm your coach. I'm a guy who is a guy who is a daughter of a bad man. Yeah, I'm sorry. About half hour that every year I'll be sure and I'll really get that stick audience. So we're going to move. Play a little bit. And play a little bit. See the cruise in between. But I'm looking at the 12 plus, the makeup of Ethnic makeup. Black stations had 13.7%. That's how 105 EBR and what's the other room? And the men in black, am I being half a power? Which isn't to say that there aren't white people listening to those stations because obviously there are a few punks. But generally speaking, ethnically 13.7%. What seems fairly much in line with the ethic makeup of South Florida? Don't it? Yes, it's 20% black in South Florida. Well, see, so we did less. So that means we got a few farts. There's less than a QAM and a few less than maybe an IOD and a few less than two whatever. Hispanics. Now, I'd grant you that his panics are more than 30% of the population South Florida. But nevertheless, you think that if this assimilation was ever going to take place. And after all of these years that we'd have less Spanish speaking stations now, less Spanish speaking television stations than we ever had before. But a all-constrair. Let's see. We got 29.4%. But third man. Hispanic stations of the total 12 plus. Well, that's a scary number. And like I said in that one day part. In morning was it in mornings? I don't want to waste a lot of time fumbling through these like I did yesterday. That was bad. That was that was an embarrassment. Uh, what is it in? Ha ha ha ha. And man. Man. That's what it was. Six to ten a.m. And man. Here you go. W.x.d. J. number one. Luckily. Nobody in the age of 100. CMQ FM is numbered time for a second with them. QBA is fourth. And I'll tell you what hitmo is fifth. So the top five stations in men, six to ten a.m. are all no speaking English. Well, what kind of communist bunch of crap is that? How to have not only do you compete with that. But what is the excuse for that? Here in the year 2004, huh? I think it's time. Seriously, that somebody says, look, an evidence bull crap already. Enough of the pantry. That going to happen. Which is why I'm delighted not to be there most of the time because it's a city filled with hate and frustration, because people just don't get along. Unlike what that guy at the airport was trying to hawk me a few weeks ago, he's full of crap. Now, everybody doesn't love everybody else. And the ethnic groups don't get along. And people continue fleeing like crazy. And whether it's to a bokeh or whether it's to Stewart or whether it's to Jacksonville or Savannah, Georgia, where would it have all gone? Because they can't stand it no more. So here's my poll question today. That was quite a long lead in one of them. That's right. That four hours. No, yeah. And no spots. Ha ha ha ha. Alright. Alright, going to that QM sales department, man. You people are right on top of it. Boy, what a bunch of losers. We get this great trend that comes out yesterday. It shows all the way around from the morning, the midday, and the afternoon we're kicking ass. Even nighttime, we had a really good trend. Thanks to the marlins. And it decay. But so all the way around. We're just kicking ass and a, and we're coming for a log like this. It's like sticking up in at a big fat balloon. You know what I mean? Yeah. I think I could have put in a hungry, a big balloon. Watching a gas pour right out of it. If there's in the simulation process going on in South Florida, why does somebody has Spanish still watch read and listen to Spanish media? What a long poll question. And I'm sure I don't have all the answers here, but the judge and I tried to put it together. If there's in the simulation process going on in South Florida, why does somebody has Spanish still watch read and listen to Spanish media? We got five choices so far. There is no a simulation process. I have no clue. It's the lazy way to live. They like the programming better or it really is a banana Republic. I don't think I know. Did you refax this to Eric with all the additions? Yes. Good. Good for you. Because you know he gets a little surly when you don't. And he's going to do a weird sports video five season. You a m. Only on the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. Hi Richard Simmons here and since there's been weeks and weeks of publicity about my unfortunate misunderstanding and that airport. I decided to use my status as an exercise guru to launch a brand new home video for all of you fat bastards out there. It's pitch laughing to the only. Oh, this is such a fantastic video. Three solid hours of nothing but regular people running around in short short snacking the living heck out of a pastor by here's a clip. Or do you know what time it is? Yeah, it's down to slap your face. Yes, what? Down to slap your face. You? Yeah. Yeah. And I give me gentlemen if I can interrupt please to the beat it's pop and pop and pop and pop and pop and pop. Oh, wait. Oh, you make me so proud. So if you're someone who's a, uh, put on a few pounds over the spring and you want to get back your girl's figure. Why not order my latest over price business plan? Bitch laughing to the only. Come on. That damn fact. I can't stand him. Then 45 at 560 we got a few votes. 32 votes on the poll that's up on her now. Near Rogers.com. When you finish a scouring, Christie a throwing to him. It really is a banana republic 14. There is no assimilation process 11. It's the lazy way to live for. They like to programs more too and I have no clue one. No clue. In fact, maybe the audience has some other suggestions for this poll today. Or maybe they have some answers as to why. Maybe the English language program is just so bad. Well, I was a new beat. No, but I was saying to you one of the reasons that music is so bad on the FM band is there are very few English language stations on FM. But it's the same elsewhere. What? To clear a channel that all the homogenized programming they're talking about it now. Yeah, but long before even this was the case before clear channel owned all the stations long before that. The music and the market for whatever reason absolutely suck bad programmers whatever the reason is. Now, let's say now power 96 is like 50% the younger Hispanics 50% young blacks and 10 white people. I mean, that's what that's. I'd like to think that's the way it is. But embarrassing. What? Way more angles than either one of us who do want to admit or listen really? Yeah. How sad? At any rate, the FM stations that are geared strictly toward the non-ethnic life, which is elevated music, slush. Uh, um, Love 94, which is jazz, crap. Absolutely. Yeah. Kiss. Country kiss. It's our station. Don't say too much. Uh, it is crap. Magic, which, uh, thanks to Bob Hallner, whatever the jerk is over at a PD is crap. Oldies, which could be good if they had a good PD, but they don't. Why 100? So how many is this now? Five. You know, I think that just it's stumbled on another entry for the poll. Let's say English language programming blows. And Zeta. Well, they're seven or eight. I mean, out of all these other, there's so many. There's about a dozen Spanish language and now there's more than that. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine. And this is more than it does about 15 that are with this, uh, an ethnic year programming. So we don't have all of that much choice. And they rate them at point being at radio sucks. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. WDQAM, hello. Yeah, the mistake you're making is where the ones that are being assimilated. Yeah. Not the Latin. Why, you sound like you're speaking English to me. Yes. I hear a question for you. Are you wearing a Guaya van at today's show? No, actually I might eat some plants in the world. Oh, there you go. Well, you're making a good start. That's excellent. Yeah. And I'm going to have some right after that. And don't forget to be fry your beans, too. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But the thing I was saying is, if you be young, fallen, Ron, so they actually went down in the ratings. And they went up a little bit in some other place. But yeah, and I'm not the April, they didn't do all I create on Zeta. Did you touch, you know, I don't want to rehash anything. But yes, you do. Pauli, Pauli says, because of a bit you used for him that he could own you. And I'm thinking of myself, this guy who's ripped more stuff off of you. And he could own you because he could only for what? Exactly. I don't know. Some bit you guys used for that. There's a bit we use that he if you sell it to a comedy service. We subscribe to the comedy service. That's where that came from. He could own me like he's going to sue me. Go ahead and head Pauli. Yeah, have a good time. Okay. So we are in addition to how many times we've played that over the last 15 years. But, right. Yeah. All right. He's about as funny as some of cancer. There we go. Why did he call it instead of big 106? Why did he speak 105.9 now? Call him up and I think. Okay. Call time jick it let him know. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Who was that? Which one of the tropes was that? He's a very annoying. I don't know. WQM. Hello. QAM. No speeding glaze. I guess. WQM. Hello. Hola. When is DS? When is DS? Yes. Yes. There's one point that's also very important. The subjects. You're not going to be talking about child raising. You're not going to be talking about what's happening in other countries. They do talk about it. Yeah. That's one of the reasons they listen to this Spanish. How old is music stations? No. When are the top stations? Right. A lot of them have good ratings. We are more than good ratings. But mostly old demographics. Like another Mombie. Their average at listeners death plus 10. Well, you'd be surprised. I wouldn't believe how many people have to be honest. But listen to the Spanish and the young people. The young people are listening to the Spanish language that talk now. Yep. For what reason? What's going on in other countries? The country's... So the young, young, his Spanish and South Florida are considered by what's having in Venezuela and in El Salvador and in Winner wherever. Absolutely. A lot of those countries are about to have resolutions. Are they really? Yeah. Well, let us know when he starts. The industrial revolution. Well, the great thing. 560, 560, 550, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Well, I guess here we've got to have a lot more Chinese stations here, right? Yeah. Man, oh man. To me, just don't buy that. I mean, maybe I'm way out of touch with Aldoino. It's not my crowd. But I'm just... And what's all that Alion have to do with that? Is he saying that we Alion needed from... Yeah. I don't make any apologies because what we said in the show was my opinion. Right. And I stand by it and turned out to be right. Yeah. It was a child custody case in the local media irresponsibly. People like Rick Sanchez and Elion Rodríguez and lots of others. And of course on a Spanish language that talks stations. Wipped everybody up into a frenzy, which doesn't take out of a lot in South Florida. And it turned into just a hate-fest. Yeah, it's over nothing. Right. Well, we're absolutely nothing. Oh, yeah. Yeah, we know. All of us all, though. We know Bashers, then the Fisherman and all of us had a bullcraft. It was just tragic. It was pathetic. It was the epitome of what South Florida has become. Okay, a festival of ethnic hate. That's really where it's at. But that has nothing to do with the ratings, the Elion thing. It was going on before and it's going on. Now that it's all over. Yeah. But I think his point being that it polarized the... The listeners that much more. And I'm sure that's true to some understand. Because our Spanish language, our Hispanic, listening ship is dropped way down. And you know what? I don't really care. I'm not going to pander to anybody. His Spanish anglo's Jews glam. I don't really care. They don't pay me to do that. They pay me to give my opinions and, you know, entertain and do whatever it is I do. And that's what I'm going to do. And if we have to say, oh poor Elia Nieto and do y'all boy lies and all the said are bullcraft. Who gives a flying crab? Now all the stuff that's going on in the world. It's just like I was talking about the Jews with Israel. It's the same thing. I don't give a flying crab about Israel. I couldn't care less. Oh, but it's the only democracy and I'm good for them, okay? And more. Say, rack now, too. Well, whatever the hell, yeah. Now we got the new democracy and I rack. I've got about that. That's right. And what about Afghani sand? Well, we forgot about them. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Let's just hope Elia is getting his three squares today. And Mrs. is happy meal from much better long life. At least now he's living with us a little bit of freedom. WQAM hello. Hey, one of you. Pastor. I think simply the reason is I think you might have it in your post. I guess I'm already. But because they don't understand it, I mean, I have this lady at my job who says, as she would like to listen to this one of Spanish radio, but she just can't. We don't understand what this means. You understand? Like every third word. She can't. She doesn't get it. And he enjoys that a lot. I'm going to go to that Spanish culture. Like three decades behind as far as communist. Yeah. So, we'll do it in a slot stick. We haven't seen that button because it doesn't. So that's what we're supposed to get. And it simply don't understand it. So you don't get it. No, they don't understand it. Don't comprehend. Okay. Thank you. Do you get it? I didn't understand the word. I'm either. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. If there's an assimilation process going on in South Florida, that's what they get promising us a hundred years ago, then why do so many Hispanics still watch read and listen to. Spanish media when you've ever become part of the program. How many years will it take? About 30 more. About 30 more. I think you're off because like consider the fact that some of us have resorted to listening to NPR. Yeah. Tell you what. If I could understand another language enough to listen to any other programming, I would look for any other programming, then what's on English language radio. Okay, but you wouldn't be interested. I mean, you speak enough us and a Spanish. All I've discovered not as much as we think. But you could be listening to those stations, but you're not interested in what they're talking about, right, nor the music, nor anything. But right. But if they had a Portuguese station that played decent music, I'd listen to it. Chinese, you bang anything. What did you say after Chinese? I said, yeah, well, I'm a careful now. It's a country. What's this? This really is a banana republic. You're right. That's the answer they like. 36. That's probably right. That was my vote. Yeah. That is, but whatever. There is no assimilation process. 29. It's the lazy way to live 11. I have no clue seven and they like the programs more six. Speaker in the English, baby. Speaker in the English. That's my comment by long distance. Speaker in the English. No. If all these, the people from all over the world here can be speaking in the English. Hey, without their heavy accent, believe you me, plenty, we've got a heavy accent. And don't bother me. At least it. And it's one of the reasons that people are getting along so well. Everybody gets along. There's no ethic war going on here in Toronto. Everybody is friendly. They get along. No matter what. Oh, that'll never fly down here. No. Of course, there will be a lot more boring. Right. We don't want that. What do we do if we can't hate? WQAM. Hello. No. Yes, sir. Man, it's good to talk to you, listen. I'd like to program that in your bank station. Anyways. I'll visit you when. I hear. I hear British going to be the PD. The PD, the pivot DJ. Anyway, go ahead. Okay. I'd seriously like to be a manager. Go over to Cuba and get alienated. Bring a back over here and market him and do a Messiah. I'm going to come up here. He's going to be down here on a junior. Yeah, could you imagine coming up the airplane is shroud and all the people standing around the money you can make marketing him as you can get into the game. Yes. I can imagine that very easily. Right. Did you do it? Oh, maybe too cool. Anyways, your station signal really sucks and Palm Beach still after all these years. Yeah. I have Josh Beckett going up on the tower if he hasn't he left over after he was working his hands. Have a great day, pal. I can't see any open. Thanks for the bad news. Tell me you're making that. I'm not making it up. Ask Mo and you see him tomorrow morning. He'll tell you. He'll give you the loader. Hey, well. Rest guilty. You'll be probably more up your alley. Just come about ahead. I can't tell you right now. Josh is just holding back here. He was the real star. He's read the face for some reason. Why is that? Because he knows the story. He's probably seen him do it. See how care about this whole assimilation thing. He's probably been in the locker room there when Josh Beckett was being on his hands. I witnessed a golden shower. Like I said, I sure enjoyed having a beast on the show yesterday. You're a monster. You're just a square twin in a plastic bag. You're a warman. But I'm in a war. We are a unit that cares. And I'm saying, Karen, the reason why I say, Karen, because it's so hard to let things go when you care about it. When you care about it, I would say love and then everyone says that you're a Faggot, well, I'm not. We know this man He's getting a little surprised You know back to the blue with your pop-up Where you play in the mud We'll pack the beans and enter a lot of us Just go away, we're all fed up And they're gonna die with Why don't you go home And they're gonna die with Go home, baby, let's all let's all go home If you're lazy, I don't want to go back I like dropping for three toys that are Oh, boy You've got your focus on the shirt And you're making us yours You've had your fun, start packing So they can get you out of here It's at the point where we can't stand it Everybody's headed up Above the wheel, the crackers Who put their guns, is you all ready to die Hey hey hey hey, they're gonna die Why don't you go home Yeah, they're gonna die Go home, and leave us alone I'd be a lazy look They're giving away three of us in eight green cards Can I have one? Get over it already, okay, get over it, what are you saying? Oh Jesus God 128 votes If there is an assimilation process going on in South Florida Why does so many of Spanish all watch read and listen to Spanish media It really isn't banana republic 49 There is no assimilation process 45 It's the lazy way to live 18 I have no clue eight and they like the programs more eight out of 128 It's so great Here's a fact that says speaking of eight so great Paul and young Ron suck Well that's interesting, maybe I'll just tell you in your sale about it Says what are their comedy bits include the trivia game with questions that no one can answer for months Oh, that is so entertaining, it says let's play Ask the same stupid question every day I could own him, you know You talk about a guy who lives in a fantasy world man Paul you are just tragic and I was talking him just the other day at the Eaton Center I ran into him after lunch, I was eating And he was telling you that he could own you And he was saying I could own you if you don't stop playing at Bill and Ted's comedy adventure Or maybe it was the one with the semi Smith or whatever As a matter of fact, my memory is correct, I think he sent us that Everything that we play of his were sent to us You were there sent to us or the Bill and Ted I think was part of a more of the comedy services But whatever they were given to us, okay, so if you don't want us to play them anymore Just notify us by mail will be delighted not to play them no more Since we have about even with all the FCC restrictions about 85,000 bits of we can still play And at the time that it was sent to us it was with the strong encouragement Please, please play this, I'm so excited Since we have an audience and they didn't at the time and quite frankly, according to these trends Didn't have a lot of fun, they've let's say to either I mean for our morning for the mojo shows to be going up from a three-sever to a five in men in a morning 15 plus and Zeta drops from a five one to a four six See they won from a three six to the previous month up to a five one one stern first one often Then people sampled it for while saying ah four down to before six see what I'm saying what do you say after they heard that trippy a bit for the 4505 time And they started hearing my material in your material and fills material and are you sure? Yeah, and in material right and I said what is this really marginal ed best But I'm glad to see that cash to know basil as the sub-session will me just obsessed This is the thing when I write my memoirs in about five minutes There are over the years there been all of these people who just and I don't enjoy it. I mean it's nauseating get a life alright God, obsessed with the arages for whatever the reason being like joy Reynolds Yeah, who's that jerk that used to be on with Tanner that we had on I O. D. There was Jim really oh yeah, what's up with that Oh Catholic I see yeah obsessed Really who were some of the other one mr. Eagle of course his whole life became the anti-neal He abandoned his duty as a became a born again Christian he abandoned his liberalism became a right wing fanatic a homophobic anything that Neil was about he became the opposite He ran either and by the way elected congratulations to be just gonna ask you how well that's all on ask me how his numbers were man It were just absolutely unbelievable how were numbers? Just tell me what your problem the wax the charge Steve O. Cause I know you people on that station can't afford to subscribe to arbitrarms You can't really see the numbers well I'll tell you your number right now. Okay, and men Many team plus six the 10 a and that clothes even old cochers man up to need to 400 Six to 10 a.m. which last time I checked with his show and I think the station I believe is WNMA correct me if I'm wrong In the month of April in the last trend they had a point Now amazingly in March actually had a two share which was an aberration because prior that they had a point one a point four and back in December Last year they matched this my April's way point some also the time they have a point Which I just like doing that point zero zero zippity do that Remember the day we took that poll and they tried to load it up with all that baloney about talk show host and they were just dumped them off of there Because they the small handful of misfits of nerds that he's got less than over there It's just the same much of a chronics. It's the old they need the chronic tonic is what they need But they're good like to them, okay, him and his 85 adopted children. Hope they have a wonderful life five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the ATT and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello. Yeah, how you doing pretty good. I went to talk about the assimilation thing with some of the English language newscaster. Yes, sir Just drives me crazy whenever somebody is Spanish and subject to where he how their name gets pronounced as if they were in downtown Madrid or downtown The van you mean like you mean like you can't walk. Yeah, something like that as opposed to But with Chinese guy were rushing guy. They only been making the temp that the pronunciation right I got suggestion for a poll Yes, sir, please since channel 10 got rid of Frank Ford after a hundred years and six got rid of weaver after a thousand years Maybe could do a poll over what person what accuracy first now. They should get rid of By here, Christy Krueger one more time with dinner clearing or throat. I think that sounds like tomorrow's pool to me All righty. Thanks a lot, Sally. Have a good day. See how fast that was we're desperate for a good pool. That is a whole now What's off for the TV personality needs to be deep six immediately? Now we know who's gonna win that hands down. Maybe you think maybe we gotta exclude him. Now let's put him on there I think Belky's still giving them a run for his machine. Still keys never able give him a run Well, we'll see. We'll find out tomorrow. That's the magnificent pool for tomorrow for tomorrow. I'm not for today Where did I can't find that thing? I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil so I might as well have one with you, too Let's see Earl says they don't have to assimilate as long as they stay in Miami or work with ladies been in the US for nine years Doesn't speak English or reason for not speaking English is she lives in Miami and says she doesn't need to well a lot. He'd ah and T you honey Let's see. Los Borgos says you will be assimilated in South Florida resist Dante is a feudal Resistance is feudal. That's cute But nevertheless it does ain't happening. It's never gonna happen It's just something I'm pondering because every 10 of these numbers come up you look at these stations at more and more stations The radio to hit them all and all these stations that a lot of us never even heard of before And I can remember when I first came to South Florida and on the AMBand course haven't grown up up north and gone to school in the Midwest The Michigan State and the all the AM stations at night You hear a WBC from New York and WLL from Chicago and came away from San Luis and all these big 50,000 What the station and of course in South Florida because of the geographic location and because of the fact that it's so flat You know Lessons are very very exceptional. I didn't take those stations up on your AM radio and course back when I first came to town was before FM was really doing much of anything You know you would hear was a cacophony of no speaking in place all the stations coming in from Cuba and from Mexico and Caracas and the Bonnie are and all the other crap, you know next to can radio Yeah, that's your do Ask uh who was it? Who was it that used to work? Somebody with us used to work at extra was it did my fork on that station? Yeah, extra. It's like San Diego and it's really in Mexico somebody worked out there and anyway was a Miss Tanner I don't know. I don't think so They didn't like his kind of Mexico 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. I ain't saying nothing here's line 9 Q AM hello. Yes, sir We had a problem with Albert Cone. We were trying to get to the wind they called us for the diaries Yeah, and I was trying to explain to me one of the humane households I was trying to explain to a Mexican other Sadda and they were like eh, and we finally worked with that Then we got into ethnicity when I said Chinese first the only thing she wanted to see is Santa They wanted a wife that's ethnicity. I tried to say Chinese well if he was Santa no well So it is you know, they she wanted to see they wanted more Hispanic and when I tried to mention Chinese You know I thought it would be could be you know, it might be another demographic that you guys use And I was trying to say Chinese and she was like eh, it's she totally was lost So you're right the big one. I'm not Albert Cone. Thanks for the bad news man All right, I'll tell you right now. I'm my circuit powers again Who was I just talking about Miss Tanner? Yeah That's the chicken of woodpower right there is that bitch This big campaign. Oh, you don't have enough representation of the Spanish language radio stage in a meantime I say that those of us who work for the English speaking stations for whom he is a consultant and paid very handsome We have we got a sue his is silly a pear shaped ass Is what we ought to do Nothing nothing nothing. I mentioned it sounds like a lawsuit to me. Duff. It is pretty pear shaped. Yeah, and his ass too This business. Oh, they're under sample. I mean, you know how I see he represents He's a consultant for this for this chain of Spanish language radio stations all over the country and that's fine. You know more power to them All those targets got us together. That's what the Jane Union you say I'll told me gay. Yeah. Yeah. I got news for if they got touchy phoenix a phoiler Gonna be their quarterback. They could be like no, seriously two and four team is here I don't want to get the dolphin fans really nervous Especially after my patriots won a super bold second time nobody remembers that there was a game There was a very exciting game probably the most exciting Super Bowl in history But nobody remembers that because all I remember is the big flap. Yeah, which has been shown 80 trillion times What a bunch of hypocrites you people are man. You can't show it enough And if you could if you thought you could get away with showing it without the the a little gray out there on a booby you would be doing that every 15 minutes If Michael power had all of a sudden some kind of a some kind of a religious experience and anti religious experience And called up all the networks and CNN right now and said oh, guess what we decided you can show it all you want We've been too repressive. Let's try to make up for lost time. You'd be seeing it how many times a minute I've heard him there as just it was whipping that thing up a her boob Man talk about one good boob deserves another one good god. Yeah. It was a great game Hey, for it's one by the way. They pulled it out good old Tom Brady pulled it out. Can I say that? No 1113 at five 60 WQM when you shop for quality footwear March your feet right over to a place where you're gonna love Brandy shoes and Pompano Beach They got all the top quality names in the shoe business for men and women They got rock ports floor shine SAS spirit Timberland naturalizer and lots lots more and with their gigantic selection You can just about bed grid read and dumps life on it That whatever size you're looking for whatever style. I got it on the shelf waiting to slap what on your big smelly foot Brandy's is open daily Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9 Sunday's 10 to 5 you'll find him at 1290 North federal highway and Pompino Beach and it's always worth the trip No matter where you are stock up and buy a few pair or is that pairs or that pair shaped all this week at Brandy's It's a great time to buy sandals get great savings on men's and women's famous brand sandals this week coming to the store or visit them on the web at Brandy's shoes.com 560 shoe and shoe AM We have an elevator that goes up to the sweet and an elevator that goes down The discreet Show you fire It's over don't you think it's over who chose this stupid concept and the money somewhere disappeared between the hand and the S You're fine up to the sweet down to the screen Good luck you're fine I think your concept was kind of at this stage of your job You You're fine You're fine You're fine You're fine At five sixty w to Q a I bet you we got over 200 votes on the poll right now It's a I just refreshed it If there's an oscillation process going on in South Florida why does so many Hispanics watch read and listen to Spanish media still after all of these years all of these already staying right it really isn't but anime public sound for it 82 There is no assimilation process 76. It's the lazy way to live 26. I have no clue 10 and they like the programs more 10 in Espanio We live in something out in this poll. I feel like every time I read the results like we're even something out I think your suggestion as was a good one. What was that the English language programming sucks and people are turning to anything else Well, isn't that I like the programming better? I guess but that's a week. I thought it had this week It's week It's a week choice We've rewarded Where did we clean They like the program is more Yeah Wow, whatever. It's not even written away that I Give it to you, but that's okay Got the time to cut the Eric probably something lost in the translation. I can't remember the expression They like to programming better. What you got here? They like to program is more well, it's the same thing W to Q a Not there Q a I'm hello Yes, sir. Yeah, this selfish. That's what it's all about It's exactly Yeah, how did what does that mean? Well, in other words, they want to you know, they want all the things that we work hardcore You know, whether be all the social programs etc Yeah, and they want to speak to them all right. What does that have to do with what you we read and what you listen to and what you watch on television What a thing is they'vearnessed to learn their language. I'm married to one. I can't speak Oh, that question's okay. Yeah Okay, we'll put it on there. They're selfish. I like that George is like it But I think that's that's there's a point to be made. Oh, because he's making bigoted comments as well So how do you know he's married to one okay? Maybe he maybe he wasn't beginning to be for him at the bitch. How do you know? Not they want our social programs another one of these guys saying that everybody comes over here for welfare for a handout Yeah, for a 57 Chevy shirt and a voter registration card Well, and what's it name stamps? I didn't say welfare. No, that's what you have to say it. No, he didn't say welfare Social programs. It's a bit more safe. Well, we didn't get to that point Maybe I'll call back. Well, I'm say welfare. You all right Look again. All right, we've got a little more friends. You okay, he's married to some spik and he's not a lot of okay stupid Anyway That'll teach Huh What's that pull for tomorrow that we're doing? I'm got the people mine. Did now. What is it again? I'll try to feed people yeah, not fear right away Well, word Sanchez a one hands down. It'll be a race for second place I think we added to tomorrow other than word Sanchez. I mean at that's a given then it'll be race between Angela Ray and Spilky's Now, we'll put Ricky on it. We don't want to leave mom Director George 10 of the CIA who weathered storms over intelligence lapses and that's an understanding of the century over Suspected weapons of as destruction in Iraq and the 911 terrorist attacks as resigned like I told him before I'll miss him bush said ill miss him Just like rum spell. He's a great secretary of defense We ought to send him all the abugar Ray Tenic came to the White House to inform bush about his decision last night. He told him he was resigning for personal reasons for said I told him I'm sorry he's leaving don't let the door hitch any ass on a way out He's nice to curb job and be half a demerc and people and this great nation Bush said that deputy John McLaughlin will temporarily lead America's premier spy agency to lay successors found among possible successes is house and tugged as committee chairman Porter Goss Republican of Florida who's a real whole A former CIA agent and McLaughlin This is John McLaughlin not to be confused. I should put up by with the one on a TV show Okay, he's well, you know the McLaughlin group. Bye bye Bye bye He's gonna strong an abolator at the agency now miss him bush said as he got ready to board Marine one for that trip to Europe He's on his way to Europe right now as a matter of fact. They show them waving bye bye bye by Laura bye bye W have a good time say how the pope and he's gonna say how to the Pope as a matter of fact I bet you the Pope's gonna give him what for man the Pope has really pissed off about the war. Yeah, I've been reading that Yeah, the Pope is really not too happy. He's porked off with W. He might give him like a little lecture there a little scolding Like a little child And don't ever leave the Pope alone with a little child five especially yours 560 pound 560 Huh? I'm gonna save with him. Oh, but that's right girls Well, let's let's get the answer this question you for the show is over day. Come on work on it W. Way and hello Yes, sir. Good morning, oh, yeah, when is the Good morning, I should say I just have a spy report of Moam driving him on H treat him Snickle Avenue is the restaurant called Mo knows burritos Now I've actually used to have a few yeah. I would listen to this Talking car for this morning. I mean that guy Put so much freaking BS. Why is it all parked on the radio? I don't understand I would I call up an investigative it I can demand a congressional investigation myself Anyway, I'm going to answer them and somebody wonderful home country in two weeks The euro 2000 is starting the soccer show. We're gonna have a lot of parts. You gonna be there soon or what? You know, you matter fact probably yeah, okay good. You have a good time around to Cozine Do it Over and out See we speaking much on issue once in a while There you go off and out international show. Let's see what you're seeing in any random deep crap 5 670 560. Let's see Michael Jackson's got some good news today. It's about time for him not that we kidding not that we're happy And battle pop superstar Michael Jackson got some much needed good news when Los Angeles police investigation cleared him of new allegations of child Ballastation in the late 1980s how come we're not getting anything about that Vegas crack that happened allegedly at the morage? I think it was right one of those Things The thing one of those things they got out back there anyway That start was in the car all over there. That's the first time we heard about the soda pop the Jesus juice The wine and the soda can would have straw on all of that crap and then we heard a little bit more about that and then of course They kind of shoved it in the can The LA police department announced it at too much investigation the Fresh claims of child abuse against death. Now you concluded there was no evidence of any crime My flight it That is missed allegations were unrelated to a case in California, Santa Barbara County, North of LA in which chances of waiting trial on charges A Boston, a 12 year old boy that is never lined ranch last year after extensive investigation Which included hours of interviews with the person making the allegations he took this concluded there was no evidence that any crime occurred No charge will be saw in that case, but of course the other one is going on heavy duty Yeah, I mean how many much money that they have to finally spend is if there's any doubt in anybody's mind About this well-known notorious sick twisted pedophile is there any doubt? Oh, whatsoever. Hey, I got it since you were just talking about him. What's that? Michael could join the Catholic Church as a priest Yeah, that would solve everybody's problems. Is the priest in the hood? Right then he can be saved. I don't think they want the competition I think there'd be a mess. They could command this panic. Let's all go watch mass appeal with Jack Lennon and great movie Both That was the best line in the whole movie Charles Dernie in terms of it says both see it on if you don't The citizen see the movie then that has no meaning to you But I'm not going to explain to you because Junior say I'll mic it upset 5605 60 no speaking English. I key here Thursday. That's what it is. Wait, please 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQAM hello All right, this is Gabriel. Are you doing milk? Okay Gabriel. Are you doing um I have cool suggestions for what you were talking about the fact Spanish speaking listening to Spanish radio yeah Okay, I am a Q and Puerto Rican Being and right blooded and I never Never listening to Spanish radio even in Puerto Rico and I was born. Oh right five years Never listening to in a music. I'm not interested You're not a hoochie. Hoochie guy, huh? Yeah, the thing is The censorship and in the United States right now hasn't hit the Spanish radio yet Well They say all these things and radio. You know you don't understand it because you know just pick English But this people use the following which from You cannot describe I'm gonna even begin to say the words with this thing Unbelievable and They find out funny So they tune into that because you know Funny means business means work and we're going to separate set of standards man It's gonna stop right now this moment stops right now Yeah, and FT has to get into that big term Okay, they go have a great day Gabriel because it's not fair, you know for the American radio to be a Find on it and all the sudden these people on this radio station say they do whatever they want you got it. Thanks. Have a great day Good point Gabrielito there says find their ass and the rest of them too Stick it to them Yeah, I'm always wondering what they'll ask all about well we just don't have enough Spanish language interpreters The FCC. I'll go hire some okay you morons you idiots. That's a cop out Yeah, it's just and they're just lazy and they're just pandering because they know that's where all their votes are gonna come and sell for to so They don't want to step on any toes. Oh, and we don't want to do that We don't want to monkey around with that show on L-soul. There we'd be funny guys. You know, let them do their thing But all those perverted white guys those non ethnic types We're gonna find their ass And especially Yahoo's like Bubba loves buns. Let's just throw his ass off the ear What a disgrace. Oh, I thought that for God. I thought was all about how it's stern. I'm sorry That's right. Get that excuse me 28 past 11 at 560 WQM. Hey, Emerald Coast is going bigger and stronger than ever This is not just another of these zillions of Asian buffets that are all over the place right now This is the original. This is the best Emerald Coast starts you out with six different soups and then dozens of delicious Mothwatering fresh on phrase that you can try any of morolum if you're real cow New York strip paid order if there's sizzling Asian grill along with that brand new who non fish Main lobster thermator style Jonah crab oysters on a half shell They've got handcar per member cooked away elected their brand new time special these and of course to keep in mind No MSG no cornstarch no crap they cook all other fine cuisine only with cholesterol for your So you walk out there with a big smile on your pussy and no MSG headache there were faith beaches a full salad bar a full Chinese food line up their brand new sushi bar in a course Fresh oh Why didn't huh See him See him cocktail there's an echo again and boy if you've got room at the end of all of this it'll be America But it's well worth trying to shove a little extra in there because they've got a dessert station That's incredible it'd be nice if I get like the last piece of copy I'm not just a man We have got the lazy as much of slackers in that place. I have never seen nothing like it Because there was some new stuff on a dessert Station in the last piece of copy. Yeah, remember there was also something in it that was wrong It was all screw up and and so rather than that they did what they do is they change a couple of words and then just take the old copy and a shovel it back and you don't want them they're proofread do you? I can't find it other piece for crying out anybody they got some great new stuff plus all the other good stuff They always have the dessert station like pies and cakes Belgian moples Pistries ice cream on your favorite topping fresh fruit as well and a lot of other good stuff fact let us know what it is because I'll sell to parents to think it lazy to find out for themselves Animal coast three locations for you Pembro Pines, Sadiyaos and Sunrise as well and don't forget about the animal coast as fathers day June 20 Let them do the cooking for you and dad so take the whole family or book in exposes lunch and right now Take out deliveries always available to it was voted number one by to get restaurant reviews and Wsv and news is southhold as best Asian buffet you try once and I guarantee you'll agree Reformation on the animal coast column at nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight Twenty two and don't forget to enjoy that See him it's out of this world My This is Coming up tonight on inside the behind the two honeywoods celebrity music biography profile story He was the king of Latino pop that since he played George W Bush's inauguration ceremony His fame has dwindled coincidence you'll be the judge of Ricky Martin Well, let's look at the guys career Ricky Martin's manager sloppy gold check it out He's a gifted child he's in the famous combo Manudo by the time he's 12 He's the star of the hot Spanish language soap opera alcanza Aruna Estrella He goes solo and sells billions of records worldwide then He dances next to George W Bush He eats it big time you go the math we asked George W Bush to comment about his Withering effect on Ricky Martin's career. I have no comment except to say that Ricky was the best looking guy Ever stood next to a man include stick cheney as it turns out the phenomenon A presidential inauguration ceremony's killing a musician's career is a long standing tradition in America History expert Leon never bone at Warren heartings inauguration he booked a very popular Group of his day called the knee slapping twitch well they went right into the crapper after that Clean suck the lead singer never recovered And of course we all remember when Hendrix played Nixon's inauguration two years later He was dead but Nixon had a good time We're keep Martin if he thought he'd never hear him and Dick Nixon mentioned in the same since Then you don't know our screwed up show at all It's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight Uninside the benign Rumor has it Ricky Martin likes uh Nixon 25 till noon 11 35 let's see the line of looks like this got the mad dog at two got the Humper at the Belmont again at four the seven middle six three five and then we got the Marlins on deck 6 35 Marlins at the Mets at 7 10 and he came to the baseball game Maybe it changes seem to be a little the Marlins good maybe some fresh urine up there in New York all you gonna probably have a lot to two Huh? Why are you so I mean I grant you that's not my cup of tea But That was tea I said is all crazy My salt peas and pompom Anyway, you probably let that can I get them this during not concentrate on urine and bodily fluids Please please cracker please The prob into alleged Chalabi leaks to the Iranians me widen Says Newswick magazine and they know their crap once in a while the Iraqi ex-Augher Repitted by Ahmed Chalabi Chalabi this week last week it was Chalabi now it's Chalabi Formally a key ally the Bush administration is suspected of leaking confidential and for she can't get away from easelicking too And Washington stands a lot it's suspected of leaking confidential information about US war plans for a rank to the government at my ran before last year's invasion to outside of Usain government sources told Newsweek The allocation that Chalabi may have supplied Iranians information about US military plans comes on the heels of recent exposures That Chalabi or others in his organization may have compromised where we see US intelligence Operations by leaking what officials initially described as extremely sensitive and highly classified information to Iranian officials Information which could get people killed of amused by the Iranians How do you like that why isn't this guy in jail why haven't they in fact they said he might actually be if they can get a hold of over there them and actually have to throw his ass in jail And come to find out that the reason that they raided his apartment confiscated all the crap in there was because they found out about this and Now they're trying to distance himself so he was the fair here at boy He was the era parent not too many weeks ago and all of a sudden they're placing a lot of the distance between themselves And Chalabi who's good post a acid of white buddies with Dick Cheney bunk butt buddies with a vice president See that's really all this focus on bush forget about bush. He's kind of like a tatariah small potatoes It's cheney all the time. That's that's the real Crocs of the problem is right there cheney and all of his henchmen All the neocons all surrounded to bush is just that he's just upon and the overall picture that's all He as he's small potatoes Dumped it is too. I mean boy. Oh boy. We'll look on his face when he and Laura will wobble up the stairs and air force one there And they turned around wave goodbye. I mean just just a look of Alfredy Newman was chuckle into himself. Yeah, I'd like a man. I can relate to this sheer stupidity ignorance and desperation lot laranier lost in headlights That's no big deal. It's only the future human race. It's you know hanging in the balance Why should we go with up about that right just calm down? WQAM hello. Hey I'm Camille. Yes, sir I haven't been listening to your show for last half hour. The question is What's everything is going on now? What the administration are they? Do you think the Republican makers are looking to see if they give somebody other than which on the picket? No They're gonna go with him. How are I water that's correct Well, the one rumor they were floating the other day is because of the been all the speculation about Carri and McCain about Dumpen Cheney and Putin. I'm a king and wood bush But I don't think that's gonna happen either. I can they're not gonna dump Cheney out of there. He's the guy like I just said it's called all the shots I think people are least smart up in other different between McCain and Bush A bit big during the Haiti sort of like poison Okay, thanks a lot pal. I had a great thing see the bad news yesterday I saw Carri on it again See I hate to say this but he's getting worse by the day. Did you see him at all yesterday? Nope Somebody gets a makeup. Okay, please get some makeup. Yeah personality makeup Yeah, and that too. Well, that's impossible. He's a personality transplant. I'll make up But I mean he looks so pale and ghostly. He makes her men monster look like a Brad Pitt. That's how bad he's looking these days Really just pale and his speech was like slow and Just a harmless and very ineffectual and Wow, please please crackers please. It's not too late We had it going in the beginning there and then they kind of side-track this again That's what we need to be going back to old Howard Dean let out a screen. I'm actually Howard We need Howard in there with that me as wife is baby. That's what we need wake up this country Not a sleeping Jesus old man like this carry guy. He is really he's Amazing the man. I just can't I can't get over it isn't too Zestic is I was about him before I'm just that unenthusiastic about him now and not that I I'm not gonna vote for my hundred times which I will but it's just that he's so doll he is such a Quivicator such a waffles such a nanny pande was other natties dynamite On the Uncle Ted did throw some boxer shorts but screws up mark and red with some babes Uncle Ted did what use our income is black and they're pretty fast and do the Waffle it's a compound no way They're powerful they like this women they get well you're gonna be Smith and Ted Kennedy Bill and says next foot adventure are to the next genatilia Excellent Next I guess I'm in trouble now Well, so as we get that letter that season this is letter maybe got lost in the mail 15 years ago He's gonna own you. Yeah, it's okay, Paulie just a really easy on the leash In fact, maybe you can bring windy in too, windy England your girlfriend. I'm gonna change the poll at noon I don't like the way this thing and I'm at my fault and you're fall we didn't work this right our bad our our brand By the way that the van diesel I heard that he's gonna appear with those windwind Well, you and the beast yesterday man you had me just I didn't know I'm sitting there. I shouldn't have pictures of it But all these pages all of the I don't have room for that here I'll be here where from the from the year ratings I'm trying to tell you the fact machine failed. Yeah, I would fact thing every day Well, I didn't help me any though. I mean, it's I was still left here in the lurch And then air-free single plane and if I left like a half a second a dead air in you're going. Yeah, yeah, yeah panic like you're in a panic because you launched the line or something which you just Hey, listen what you ought to do is like tape some of this stuff and anything Yeah, is this the bubble guy the bumblebee guy you're asking me it's some cartoon show I don't know who that is Anyway, who's the bumblebee guy he's on some some shows since since they quite have him a lot. Oh, I don't know I hear that the room around here and is he's oh, I don't have it on here. See this is the wrong one damn it Nope don't have it on here Oh, hey, me guess I do anyway. Here's the first poll. Well, Schmidt can't listen known it's just I don't know If there's I it's a very good point, but it's just it's useless. There's no point in talking about it because it's never gonna change It's just the way it is and if you don't like it You know we've destroyed we'll go up to Viro Beach where there are a little planets you didn't get the memo on account I you know your name doesn't end in the z Them must be going back to the original colonial borders that you know the British violated so it's back to the St. Mary's rivers the new border Is that it that's it. Okay. I'll see you to the rock In fact, you know if he said in Christy at rock hunting should have been that movie, you know I'll see in the plimate rock And I was what Keith Gordon said do a anyway if there's in a who else was in that movie John stuck well I'm really I feel so good that he got eight votes in that poll. You have no idea He was one of those hidden talents. How much he had a lot of hidden talents your glad he got eight I'm sorry if there's an assimilation process going on in South Florida why do somebody his fanics to watch read and listen to Spanish media? That's our book was because we think it's kind of embarrassing to when you come by down with it It's one of the real major black marks on the faces of Florida It's one of the things that keeps us from being all together, you know like one big happy family together. What pathetic In burasing there is no a similar one. I'll read the result of the poll. I guess I don't have to read this from this page It really is a banana republic 136 There is no assimilation process 133. It's the lazy way to live 46 We never did put their self-assquiz Josh's to busy doing a beast He's gone. He left. What do you mean he left? They did a switch of ruiners who's in there now Miguel all that and why is that? He's they had to put a professional spick in there now. That's right Josh was in spiky enough What's anal about there's our baseball game in town today? No, I sent him to go do that yellow page just they What that van hit you were reading earlier. Oh my that you know something this really we're gonna have an explosion on the air right now You know this reminds me I'm starting to turn it like mode junior absolutely see I have I hate to agree with Moe on anything but this marks twice in the same week Oh the idea that we have a producer in air whose general heat he works for us when they don't have him doing something else like we always come second Duff and clearance like we're like small potatoes again in this trend Who's got the highest ratings on a radio station? Who's got a highest radio stations? And almost every damn print for the last seven years Yeah, but we get whatever is like a left and I'm not knocking Miguel We're delighted to have a professional spick Miguel who fits right in with this conversation and if I like that It's not like that. It's because Miguel wanted very very much to work with you That's why he sent Josh out on the other here years so I can get out of here too. All right Good joining over there. What are you talking about? Somebody had to go out there right and And it want to go why not It's hot out there. I didn't want it's hot out there, right? Well, this is an outside thing. Yeah, oh? You got to be kidding me. Anyway joined QAM and Josh Cortis and the real the L.O. pages from vell south from noon to one of the VV schools for America 1176 south was 67th Avenue Miami stop-eyed at pickup tickets to pick up tickets to not coming Marlon's home game. That's what you wrote So stop by to pick up tickets to pick up tickets Pick something up and they got a good doctor for you And then join QAM and Marlon's girl watch party in fact if he watched too closely You might need the same doctor starting at six o'clock tonight at the Davy Alhouse off 595 universities stop out of win more those Marlon tickets for it starting to get like the panther tickets Off a lot of available these days and other prizes from pilly to Marlon and the mermaids watched the Marlon's and the mess from the Davy Alhouse right on the old tube and when you watch it on TV and you won't have to listen to Davy and boring So you can say that now and I'd have to fear the Josh will get all nervous about it He probably gets red face when you sit in there with van boring up in a booth, you know because I rip van boring Just and deservedly so Dave you just terminally maybe a nice guy Everybody says he's a really nice guy gonna hot wife But a bad hairpiece and just is crappy on ear boring. I think it's time to send him up up and O.V. Anyway, did I give a results to the pool? I guess I did Yeah, so we're gonna change the pool at noon and I'm gonna do the what the guy called it before I'm not gonna use that for tomorrow. That's a cop-out. See you would do that. Yeah, but I'm lazy Right and deservedly showed what they're paying you I can understand it What's our Florida TV person now needs to return next? That's the poll questions gonna go up there No, I didn't Faction to Iracosian I run the outs he doesn't know yet I'm fucked up What I'm facts that I cry out a couple of okay Well, I mean, but he needs to know it because it knew we're gonna change it if he doesn't have it He can't change it right away and he's certainly not gonna be able to type it up like like when you snap your finger Especially if you only snap one you can't hear it What's on Florida TV person now needs to retire next? And we got I put wrist-sense as at the top because I have very little doubt now you're gonna put spilky's narray Somebody you'd like to hear you off the ear. Bye. This is Angela Ray Angela Ray. I'll give you another one Who's on facts today all right? Well, no, I mean, you'll can put it on there if he's gonna come in and if he's gonna sit on his ass in there He can do that or you're gonna either the same thing with him that you did with a beast yesterday Yeah, I'll send back a stick up for all the lazy people in there that don't want to do anything It's a club all the beast have to put on that headset and answer a few calls my god No wonder mode is spices him like boy Of course mode of spices and everybody like boys, but I'll be side of point. You want me to screen some call for you? No, okay No, I want you to type some of these names in here that they're gonna call in with Okay, Angela Ray and my other choice in here is Elliott Rodriguez boy Oh boy if you've pardoned the name association he just you talk about professional Cuban man is guy Back during the days of the alien business and then that when we had the thing with a Michael wrote a vote up on sure it didn't quite make it you know with the illegal aliens he was just Hyperventilating on here. I thought it was gonna have a stroke right on here You're supposed to be there reporting the news not letting your ethnic Historia intervene, okay, but you can't do that can you Elliott. Oh no God is you awful Do they have anybody on there whose name doesn't end in a z besides Bob soper? No And then of course don't forget the weather for me now. How come you just asked me this pool? I don't know how you to do oh brother you are you are just not on on with into it So we'll wrap up this other thing and I'll give you a chance of add Elliott out here Tell you Rodriguez good yeah, and the facts it off the Eric so that he can have a by noon and plenty of time because otherwise You know we don't want a lot of pressure on him right first. How do you spell Rodriguez? E L L I O T isn't Stuart Elliott the jocky of the triple crown winner's smarty pants Jones Who's gonna win by about 15 likes on Saturday? Okay, I'm facted by Tila. I can't wait for it It's gonna be setting Dave Johnson will be call levittic clock tomorrow morning So I guess Dave and I are two for two. I guess didn't take a genius to figure out the Derby in the a pre-christ winner Two for two, but I did give you that big triple in the and nobody called and said hey I listen to you on that imperialism in a derby and use them on a bottom That's what that said he said he used them on the bottom Here's line nine QAM hello Yeah, I got a topic for the polls. Yes, sir. How about what thing could you have to take to a dirted island if you had one thing to take what would it be? That's not bad. No, I kind of weak, but I was a guy who's facted in Jamie Curtis yesterday I see she got 20 votes. Yes, you mean good. I lot of people will share your Love for dice. I mean for a butchleton woman Thanks a lot pal. Hey, everybody. Thank you about true romance. Well, let me ask you what would you take to a desert island Jamie Curtis Okay, see Oh, I don't want to say I'm says, but I think that's a worry. He likes Jamie Lee. She's she's I don't know she never stole a freight train. Right. She's okay I like her in other words. I see her in a movie. I think I'm about watch this like that like that Halloween part 85 Whichever one or what? Where Josh Hart. It was in the first movie. I've ever seen an I told you this kids gonna be a star You said ah, you just like him because he's another pretty boy and then when he became a star He no long was a pretty boy no more. He's something happened to him He aged about 80 years in about 10 minutes. No, sorry, and I didn't see any of those movies He was in blackhawk down, right? Yeah, and then they were always the big judge. It's it now. What was the big movie? He was in for however Pro are you mumbling now? Pearl Harbor very good. Pearl. Oh, not a lot of our mama Pearl Harbor in the blackhawk down Josh Hart and he should have been on at least yesterday. I much as somebody out there is fantasizing about him and about that mole Now I think the remember the mole. They took off a Frank Ford on channel 10 before they fired his ass I think Josh Hart and took it 5 said Greg is been asking where the hell's that mole? Where's that mole? I think it's on Frank's forehead Or I You might find it in somebody's vacuum. WQM. Hello. Oh, no, yes, sir. Yeah, I got two people in your pool I don't know if you put them on there yet Bob we just in general We've already have been retired unvolentarily. He's already in Absentia Bob mayer Little Bob mayer. Well, have we we can give the phone books back. Thanks, Bally. Little Bob mayer. Another good guy Isn't it nice that you know the way they treat people in the soft floor of micro nearer? There's a good guy Western peace WRD was on your how many years on I OD? 100 years they never let him even say goodbye. They just uncirmonishly swept his ass out the door But they he had the last laugh on them though Because he had just signed into a new deal. I don't understand any of these things I don't understand any of this. It's like the Panthers. They sign a new three-year contract with the Rick Dudley and then they fire his ass And then now they're gonna have to be paying him and all of these other people. I think they're paying Suttered at Wayne Sutter and paying all these people that are working for the organization How can they afford to pay rimmar all the big bucks if they're gonna have to pay those people? And know I haven't heard a word from remember he's really laying a little break quite. Thank the Lord knock on what because then I'll be asking about those rumors about him going to Columbus That people were starting right and so if we don't speak then you can't tell me anything that I can repeat it on the air See I say well, we don't want to jeopardize because you know then I'll be getting phone calls for people I got enough people already tell me so I'm gonna start to dance about well, you know, they're contract came to an ending You know, do I have next to a 75 grand stuff like that? I'm sorry. I just can't to be the godfather of the entire universe You know what I mean? What do you mean? I mean it's one thing to be fat but it's the other thing to be rich This mark Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q8 We are a unit that cares and I'm saying care The reason why I say care because it's so hard to let things go when you care about it Absolutely when you care about it. I would say love and then everyone say that you're a faggot Well, I'm not I'm a little bit sort of this you're guilty young steen stars as big Mackie. I got none of those say that you'll matter You're a bad man Very bad man I'm gonna find a face on the stokey Attention moms when guilty faces off with Captain Mow Those pictures I saw of you doing the guy here. That's right, and I want to keep it on the rat sea I don't want nobody know what went on there to be my career Stay with me Hey, everybody Yeah That damn fact and I can't stand it. Okay 12 o'clock at five 60 WQA and more our Schmidt candidate first pool Here's the result of it and again we apologize for asking the usually the pull is worth it pretty well even we understand it If there's an assimilation process and going on now what wouldn't Spiderman take this ball? That's right the ratings that came out yesterday It's just the continues to get more and more no speaking English and those stations continues zooming up more and more and more And maybe he's right that could a very first call. Are we hint about this that? Julio guy He said that a lot of the Spanish speaking people are concerned about stuff that's happening in South America and Central America and Spanish speaking countries and a Spania and all of these things and as a result They don't hear about that on the English language stations and that's what they're interested in You think there's any point there at all? They're maybe a little point a little tiny tad Now my girl on the other hand doesn't listen to those stations. He listens to big one-o-six It's one-of-five nine Well, I'm assuming that's one-five nine so we can monitor Paul and Ron So that when they own me he'll find out exactly which parts Yeah, who gets to sell you late Fat rich that's all I got for them. Oh Somebody says Tony's a grotto. That's an excellent choice man. What a silly goose dad is oh brother I mean Tony and not all of that but what an ego what a massive gigantic ego I remember back when Tony was a humble little sports nerd guy many years ago. I know he and Hank are really tight But and that's better fact I hit a he and Hank on the air. I might show when I was an I in Z one time Talk about horse racing and one of the horses that was running at that time was a little tiny horse called cream fraiche Creme fraiche Okay, and I remember I said it just like I said at the first time they're kind of like a van dies a little It was joking yesterday and you got all psychotic and I said cring-creme fraiche Or say it's a little bit off, you know, and they kind of like looked at each other like oh my god. He doesn't know I asked for my horses that you know And I looked at Hank and I said speaking horses as that was in the knees and I actually Hank and I got along well in those days. Then we had a little to fall in out and now we're pretty tight Although I don't see him anymore And you know why he avoids me when I'm in time he doesn't he used to come in early every time I'd be in time for week He'd come in early and we'd bond a little bit and you know grip Moan asked me how it is back But because then I'll see how what a giant he is in the industry you're running It pains me to see it. I mean the beast being like that. It doesn't bother me. Lee and the least the better Well, Bob is you because you like him or with me. I just I don't know I tolerate him. That's about not on the show anymore though. You're done based you have finished Bodies are even a duch Do we? Anyway, here's the poll. If there's an assimilation process going on in South Florida. So many of his Bodies still watch we listen to Spanish media. This really is a banana Republic 148 No Schmidt There is no assimilation process 124. Well by the time you get dealt with those two you already got 75% It's a late the lazy way to live 53 I have no clue 21 or they like the program is more 17 more better out of 360's revotes They didn't like the poll and I didn't like it either. Toy sigretos are good one for this other poll though Along with rich Sanchez Angela Ray, Spilky's Narey Ellie had red regas. Who wants did you put on there? Bob Bob me or poor little Bob Mayor. Please Bob alone. I mean he's on the poll But leave poor little buys a good guy Okay, so he's 110 years old and they now have not only have to set him up on four phone books to so they can get his head over the top of the counter on the set But they also have to have a place to hang his bag. Okay, which is a little bit you know unseemly But he's a good guy and Bob we were a great guy and the good news is though you'll be pleased to know this I think it was in jikas uh, what I don't know where I read it But we were still getting paid What about you know what about it? Does on channels have a really you care about it I would say love and then there one said that you're a faggot Well, I'm a channel some moment Which is yeah, no In and other just checking Bob we were still getting paid Well, that's good that's it. It is good. We're happy about that in fact if he can you Not have to working it paid although again after all of those years they said him out to pasture I don't understand what's wrong with you gray rowers. I know the business sucks I know it's just the most heartless cool obnoxious Money grubbing grabbing especially this place. It's like that M.O. Co. Spott I know that there's some new stuff in here that we had in the last piece of copy and there was some other problems with that copy That's so this is the last weekend for something and the spa was supposed to run for three weeks for how that possible So I had him a fast me a new piece of copy, but they don't put the new stuff in there See this is the way it is now with these word processors They they take and change a line and then they just print out the rest of whatever was there before You know they are shand that they do with that sure And we just we just don't care and it sands me because you know we're here to do a job for people I know just mean You know that's the same thing gratuitously, but if somebody's gonna spend their money and support your show They expect you to do a job form not just a piece of see what our sales department It's just a piece of paper with words on it that that's all it is Just like Gary Sarner would at first the VOOM TV copy that we got from that agency is that that was an Immeliation that they go horrendous. I kid the scribe of a piece of crap that was Hey, they're bitter about that piece of paper with words on it What does that mean? I'm more worth than they ought to be doing this for sure Who's thinking bad okay? You're a bunch of lazy order right in order Anybody can do that they're just order takers Just like Todd's backpack there with his own in house boiler room that is back going back there And then they drive him over to Naples to honor him is the top sub all brother top of sales guy in the outfit Brother you people in a beastly organization man you don't know which side is up? I'll tell you that right now Anyway, that takes for the first pull I'm getting off on that sales department again I don't want to do it because I do it all the time and I could have changed it's like the thing with that poll I just took it's never gonna change You can scream about it and yell and carry on like crazy and then they're gonna change Jeff says I've got a few polls suggestions He came up with these on five 95 what makes of his interly polar bug Ha ha ha ha tag number wow What specialty tags got the most self-centered drivers? I like that those so called vanity plates Why do we have those? There's same thing that Now, but why why do we allow that? I know why we have to one about the support life because Jim Bush wants to be the He wants to be the preacher of the state-not the governor. That's an extra revenue stream the vanity plates Oh, I see a revenue stream. Yeah, is that the same stream that's going on Josh Beckett's hands Let's see if he saw the fish which bumper sticker or add on accessory makes you avoid or vehicle at all costs Yeah, there was the ones that had the little animal on the back whether it's a dog or a cat with the little the little moving head You know what he eyes. I avoid them. I get I pull off the road. That's nothing You see the rear windows full of stuffed animals that you can see through it Which is by the way highly illegal highly against the law? It's the law, okay I better redo that. I don't like the way I bleep that it's the five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line What's up for a TV person? I need to retire next? I haven't voted yet so I have no idea. I'm sure Rick Sanchez and nobody can touch Rick. Let's see cash my vote and just by magic Like I said cash my vote Rick Sanchez 19 I'm the first 29 angel or rate three Tony cigarette O2 Cookies the rate to Elliott and Rodriguez got a pair and one for poor little Bob Mayor Hey listen I guarantee your Bob's good to same deal that we've forgotten if they'll pay him not to work I'm sure he'll take that right now But why wouldn't they like uh and not only like we were stated by but why wouldn't they honor him? Why wouldn't they have like a special you know? I'm saying Because they're bastards like the ordinary thing you were talking about yeah because you people in this business Bob Green There's a real good one for you a real hot one. Oh, you I'll take your a judge. I'll take your a you sure did liar little liar Little phony little twerp Who'd have you kidding must ask your geek? And how long did he and our good friend Cheryl know that they were dumping I OD that Cox broadcasting was selling it the packs and but didn't tell us about it Or here now this is cute. There's one that says white laridael must die so the others may live But tell us how you really feel do I love it? Yeah, he just ate the same in more sense he can't talk about eating on the area Chittlands Now since he shaved out the mustache it's kind of like that hercules thing in our Samsung same thing yeah Like I said David Samson In fact, I knew there was something wrong when I was in town And I turned on Chittleton news and there's the white without the mustache. This is a while back and he looks in the camera and says I knew there was something wrong 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQAM hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a suggestion for retirement go right ahead I'm listening to you Michelle kill us me shall kill and that's a fine choice She she should have been gone a long time ago her and I hate to say but she should have been there with ambitious Okay, that's bad. That's really bad Sandy's jealous about that I'll I can see maybe Michelle doing a documentary about ambitions body What no and's body disappeared. We're not really sure whether Sandy have scented with it or was Dwight I'm not really sure Michelle kill and see this is part of the deal what always happens in software and that is that the rejects They're people who make it to the big time and they're for about five minutes Like Mr. Eagle never he was on WABC New York for about how many dead minutes stop That was in the bad in fact that happened while we were I O. D you were there Mr. Eagle Mr. Kane goes to New York to the big time to WABC and he was there for like about I don't know five and a half hours and it was that that was big news that the station if I recommend you And then of course so they had to bring in Stan major Now let me ask you if Milky way lighter dark Dark always a dark anybody buy a new watch lately good watch Matter of fact For a stand man Stan is on the talk show death watch for us begin to watch it anyway Well, hey sure died an I would deal to that So Mr. Eagle went to New York for about two minutes and came back I was sucking around for job. I'd up on the light bulb for quite a while and then we had to angel or bring one off to New York for about seven or eight minutes and they left her ass right back to town and the same with me shell gillin When we see had a dump off somewhere after that embarrassing grotesque investigative report about the Chevy trucks wasn't at it It was at Ford I forget what it was but whatever was it was totally bogus and it was putchered and botched and they got their ass And she just screwed up big big time me shell gillin and then she came back as the Brutal's investigative reporter was gonna undo and expose all the ills of society and yati yati yati She's another bag bag by the way, you know No, I had no idea. Oh, you didn't know that she was she was real tight with Alice Rand tell back in the day She's a real bag bag me shell and anyway How should get a few votes? Everybody in Rodriguez must go now. Yeah, by my Elliott pussy, Elion. I right will go pack you a You're one of the media notes in get out of here Man, he is nauseating just dripping with it. You know what I mean? No with what Estrash Beckett Tragmatist past noon. Oh, it's bigger than Jordan QM and the real yellow pages From Bell South today now until one o'clock if the Y1 Josh to get some people to come out there They do these schools of America at 1176 South by 67 with having Miami stop by to pick up tickets to pick up tickets throughout Kali Marlin's home game with Josh Cortis and maybe Josh shortes will be peein on his hands out there because his name is Josh too Huh, who's just Josh? That's what they were talking about that our air this morning. That's really how desperate they are Nobody wants to talk about Marlin's now because they went on the road They lost three in the road to the reds. You got swept so and all they're off that man wagon We'll fast for the time being even though they're still in first place by two games They're like seven over 500 nobody cares about that Nobody certainly wants to talk about the Panthers of the Santa Cup finals game numbers five tonight in Tampa anybody care about that Oh, no, I've not got nobody any work here's about that. We're serious the worst finals since last year Just terrible just awful coma inducing Calgary my ass Anyways, your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost let oasis outsourcing help human it comes to the people side of your business payroll administration fortune 500 company employed benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that oasis outsourcing cover Help your business be more profitable Call oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation at one eight six six at oasis That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven To think of Castro we're talking about other people using his material that's gotta be the hood of the century with more than 60 thousand employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management outsourcing's been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice Which lets you focus on your core business while leaving all those pain in the s operational details to oasis outsourcing So let oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for a free evaluation call mid one eight six six at oasis That's one eight six six two eight six Twenty seven forty seven four oasis outsourcing I'd love to keep you all to myself coming this Christmas from bogus industries It's the eye can drive like Rick Sanchez board game It's a real-life actual adventure game that uses the streets of South Florida as a game board Start begins at Consciousness and a young East India Where each contest has to drink himself who oblivion where it gets the highest blood out the whole level first It was on the level number two The run down the best dream and the whole house home section of a game There's please your game policed about them and each one of us come up with a different squeeze to go home That is off to the final ready to board game higher in a cherry go to court and whoever gets off with an easiest sentence win It's ours you've fought for the whole world The eye can drive like Rick Sanchez board game Thanks, Polyboy It's a 12-70 boys you're getting a lot of air here today, you know it and he can use all the help he can podcast and all the Paul little run around big one Five point nine in the morning. Well, that's pretty weak now what's the eye now that we got my gullard He can tell us all about lexon Luther and the Terry Right, but you're supposed to be our in-house monitor. You monitor all these other morning shows Yes, I do and have you heard lexon Luther and Terry can't take it anymore. Oh, that could huh? Yeah Rednecky advice show is the only thing that I've got on it so far just Crank just yeah, that's all So in other words the people who are not the intellectual enough to listen to Ron and Ron these are the people listen to Lexington Luther and Terry This is a good one for the pool. I say I say these with a lot of sadness because there people on his pool I like and here's one of them Kelly. I'm not Sally's brothers Craig. It says on here Oh, it's bad. Yes, good come on Kelly loose an answer to what you please We'd like to keep you around for a while. She had the kid there Well, we've been how many years ago I've heard man and you know after a while that's not thing and go to excuse anymore, you know Who might have talked but she just ballooned up and she just keeps getting bigger and bigger right? Well, she's been explored right there on your screen. I remember the day we used to say she was high Yeah, and she's a great person. I mean we love Kelly. She's you know one of the few people in media actually likes us Huh oh, yes, she does don't say that she she knows She's got mirrors in the house. Are you sure? She ain't no Bella Lakosi. She's got a mirror to it How she's seen But yeah, she became a monster in the industry. That's really kind of a sad thing Kelly Craig and Bob mirror. I like a lot Bob's a good guy make no mistake about it So he's two feet tall in fact. He looks up to you George What's out for the TV person now needs to retire next? Rick Sanchez 47 of our first 81 votes Oh Tony's sugar wet oh nine Spilky's narray nine and you'll erase it see they only problem with this pull is it's kind of like self limiting isn't it? I mean how many people we got? How many people are on TV and so forth? Bob, I don't know but we'll have a mall on before talk. Well, our Kelly Craig wants me to extend the best The thanks to even always not with us anymore Dave game because the people had a grunt and buy like extra big TV Sits when Dave was on here now. They can watch an enjoy Kelly Craig That's bad. Every Dave game. Sure. What happened to him? exploded Antelda Ray six Elliott Rodriguez free. He is oh I've said it. They got a good news anchor on channel for what's his name to go with the glasses? What does nobody knows? I don't know these people's names. I know let's see. That's the sad part of it is Nobody and Steve Orr was good as he's still there the he's the one they replaced Well, why bother learning their names? They're gonna be gone in five minutes I just read the news. Okay, are me shall kill and Scott tree to wear a waterdale to Bob mayor to a killer Craig don't have any But I mean we used to have people that you knew their names. See this is the difference This is what else is happening to the media and so forth I mean how many news anchors besides silly Tony cigaretteo and white waterdale who've been there for a long time But other than that how many do we need to know who would like you said what their names are the weather people No, I'm down there last time and I'm looking on the weather and who are these people? Where does Miss Norcross get all these little fruit cakes He runs around fine and huh, well, we're gonna imagine I ain't say no double tell you But I mean we're the hell are they finding these people? We used to have an end John Hamburg was great. He was too good for the market though Too good for channel six, which is not channel four. I don't whatever was John Hamburg was great and isn't his kid now doing us some stuff on one of them four or six I don't know he is something Hamburg. I don't know him bone-handball How many how many a Ralph Rinnick Oh back now yeah, no, I'm a serious but I mean all the years that I've been there used to know these people were it meant something We're so they they had Jim Brossmer you don't remember Jim Brossmer to drive it. I was a little kid down here right Jim Brossmer was good and then he got screwed over to Delph rank remember Delph rank no, I remember Delph rank. Delph rank was Great news man. He worked in Washington DC. He came down like a lot of other people. I kind of like semi retire and he went on channel four like the same time Renek was there that was some news to back when four was six or six with her whatever was We had some news people even big bold by key and Bishop man. She she didn't take any crap from anybody and Bishop You know the whole deal with her. She people to who she was Now you got that cross-eyed what's your name on there on channel 10 Kelly Kruger looks a little like Freddy Kruger and that her Christy Kruger. I'm sorry Across-eyed one night. Do you ever see her in Freddy Kruger together? Oh same person Cross-eyed bitch WQAM hello Is that the guy on board hammer hand. Yeah, pretty good Oh He was yeah, that guy was a channel seven Well, I never watched channel seven so I never know thanks a lot, Kelly Rob handrain Don't put him on the list. I mean, we're just you know We're just emoting about the various people around here and he's I think he's good. He's a good anchor Steve Orr was good. I think he's gone And then the awful people the the embarrassing people They just keep coming back like a bad penny like Angela Ray Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha That ain't people just died the terrible crash I mean Angela, who the hell are you kidding honey and how did you get that job in New York? Man, oh man, oh shabby's Press an abortion has consulted an outside lawyer in case he needs to retain him in a grandeur investigation of who leaked the name of a covert CI operative last year Valerie Plane There's no indication of Bush's a targeted the leak investigation, but the president decided that in the event He's an attorney's advice he would retain him by house spokeswoman fair but you can said Joseph Wilson Valerie Plane's husband Charges that Plane's cover was blown his payback for his challenge to President Bush's claim in last year State of the Union dressed at Saddam Hussein was actively shopping for your uranium to build unabomba Saddam Hussein to try to buy your name for Africa Mr. Bush said the January 28th 2003 address where he lied to his teeth and has a lot of practice Wilson has pointed fingers to the vice president's office and the president's political director Carl Roe In his recent book claiming rogue total reported that Wilson's wife is fair game Adjust his department of scientists special team is best to get his to the case lies fall demanded thousands of emails Other correspondence from the White House and as either interviewed or brought before the grandeur He's several high-ranking officials Taney done it if there's anything bad, Taney done it if it's to lobby just remember the CH factor, okay? Chalavi, Taney. Oh, okay. Okay with the CH Got it. All right, John Deletton exactly same difference 567.0560 China pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line What's offload a TV need to person out needs to retire next? WQAM hello Yes, sir. I got a person for your ball. Yes, Alicia Lane, child six Alicia Lane LN never heard her what does she do she's a newsbark after Of sorts, okay, thanks, Bally you know who that is never heard of her. I don't even you do Nothing wrong with her He doesn't like her. Well, can I ask you better on this fight, but be at least you know who it is? Yes I don't let's see channels. I don't watch channels. It's news even block it my good friend Joe Rose good guy But I don't I don't want to watch their news their news is awful And in fact I'll give you another one right now myself if nobody else wants to put it on there Jennifer sloppie Velapi, okay Talking about a gigantic ego just run a mock out of control I want to live-o to drive me to the office in back every day. Yeah, you give you a limo right out of town The hell you can up at a bitch just like Eric Idol says up at a bitch. Well, he says it better And I can say What a joke Her and Tony cigarette a winning when they built those new studios out there for channel 6 Demanding limousines to drive them to work and bring them home every day. How many old in Velapi? As many as you want to make three Rick Sanchez, man, look at that boy. They brick they hate you even great be tell. I've ever got the kind of hate that they ever for you How's Greg me they'll do him by the way. He's still around how's he doing what? Life, I don't know what sound Florida TV person. I'm the extra tire next retired Rick retired 104 votes and Rick Sanchez has 62. He's got 60% of all of those. That's staggering But I predicted it Tony cigarette. Oh, he's the right to have nine of peas same person by the way Angel Ray eight Michelle Gillen five Dwight Lauderdale four Ellie and Rodriguez four Bob Mayor three and Kelly Craig don't have anybody like Kelly you we auto apologize I like Kelly for Conor a fat tub that was terrible. I like her call Like Dave game juniors And Starring and I'll see you tonight at five six on a lot of News and the world hands What are you going to do with me when I get through with you? There won't be enough of you left to make a good two. Hey for Don't Ahh 131 at five 60 WDQ me it wants upon a time whatever happened to Walter kronuist with the Votes I give up. What happened? had to go to other markets and like you can go back to Detroit and there was build bonds on WXYZ for 100 years there was Jack and Merlin Turner on WWW J Channel for for 400 years you go to Pittsburgh there was the government of Boatheil so what that was his name is sports guy in Pittsburgh on KDK TV I don't know but his catalog is showing up here in my mailbox oh and that's bad no it's on a tip of my tongue bill somebody will know the sports anchor from KDK in Pittsburgh Bill Curry I think that's it really yeah what a memory he was great he's say these are people who had some personality like Dave DeVolette as the weather here on CFTO and Toronto he's been there for 80 years I think you're used to that people are creatures who have it and none of us in this their punalies uh walking barbeade all these bubble head bell type interchangeable uh park people and who the hell cares about them here's a good fact though here's some good news here on Osborne on her show today bash rush limp bag calling him a bigot liar other degrading comments it was awesome go share and go you go girl whatever you are that's good news rip that critical Andy I don't hate her as much now yeah you hate sharing Osborne based on what just because she's disgusting no she on she jacked up the the cause she wants she raised the cause for the bands to perform on the second stage during on's first shutting out a lot of up and coming bands again over the pay her fee that was bad she's a bitch she is she can rip rush and we don't need her to rip rush we can all do that but anyway you go share and do your thing you as frantic the soft and harsh language in you what's right reporting or unerack this is a pretty embarrassing course we got a lot of investment lately especially it's abugar rape you as is scrabbing the soft and leisurely harsh and inflammatory criticism of the westland coast in Iraq that is expected to be contained and a you and human rights report to be released this week you as officials said there's scramble the official said US diplomats are lobbying for language in a report from the UN High Commissioner for human rights to be toned down in a bit of event a new firestorm or controversy over the mistreatment of Iraqi detainees by US troops at the notorious abugar rape prison outside Baghdad the final version of the report is to be released tomorrow at the UN Human Rights headquarters in Geneva is that neocary a Switzerland and Washington fears that without changes its publication could complicate efforts to secure passage of a new UN Security Council resolution on Iraq the official told AFB on condition of anonymity the resolution is critical the securing support for the interim Iraqi government taking power June and preferred the detainment mandate of the westland multi-national forced remain in the country after that date what we're looking at in the draft is strong anti-US and inflammatory language that was written before we've got a chance to submit its own our own information official said what we're looking for is a more balanced approach they try to like a water it down is water down the truth kind of like the version of the news that the American public gets eventually little water down crack five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and teen Verizon marvelous line our second poll today I don't think either one is all I great to be honest with it all the thanks to the color we call this one in he's probably pretty excited about it you know it's a bit idea no idea this is a good idea I just I don't know what software TV personnel needs to retire next who is the weather guy oh that's if the weather guy on KDK and Pittsburgh that's what I'm trying to pick up if I can think of that then I want $80 million in cash and small bills right now there was a really really bizarre weather guy what the hell somebody will know facts it in call it in the weather guy from back in the day when the men were men and women were built for it was doing a sports with his vote ties and it was a weather guy and they also had myron copa there doing a sports too 145 votes ricks and by the way I'm all you ain't no myron cop rich sages or Johnny most not even close to Johnny most next time you rip Johnny most I'm going to come in there and rip your piece off okay I'll come back to town repoff your hair piece next time you're up Johnny most you couldn't shine Johnny most shoes ricks what I'm just thinking we got a hundred bucks for the bounty on that must grad so you can collect yeah that's right you can get a whole of a shoe shine for a hundred bucks ricks fan says 87 they want you to retire rick they want you out now out of 151 he's got 58% of the vote skilky's the way 14 what's the one how about Marilyn Mitchell how come I'm a pension hurry at with the green cat eyes huh Marilyn missile boy she is nasty nasty she the thing with channel seven is they put people out of here her really offensive I look at but then a hyperventilating at all looked up into her friends and that's what people like I guess I don't that's why they think Jackie Johnson so hot because all these other bras they put on there are just absolute skanks man and I don't care what you say about Jackie's Johnson she is so overrated that they came to get a tanya oh she's overrated but still yeah oh she's still got to write parts I know yeah okay she had I'd say here's some of these guys carry on about Jackie Johnson you think that she was a combination of subphenol or a cephala ren she and all the Brigida and uh somebody she built his array 14 203 angel array eight do I law to nail seven bob mares got seven poor little bob come on lay off a little bobby mayor he never stole a freight train he's a good Jewish boy that's it's on 15 phone books that's a true story by the way that he sits on a phone book to you make a hyena I just made enough I do something else to get high enough Michelle Gillen six for me she'll see once you've once somebody changes the way you pronounce the name then you know there are real oh okay you honey door set when he was honey door set he was okay 20 door set so is he step for not says that way? oh Michelle Gillen all of she was always the same fact-hag bitch Michelle it's Michelle Gillen six people want you out today by a by a one o'clock Michelle Elliot Rodriguez five Kelly Craig two poor Kelly Jennifer Velopi two she's got a pair and Alicia Lane has got none and Miguel says there ain't nothing wrong with Alicia Lane is she came to law is Nathan double to QAM hello yes sir half singleton the correct single thing the first he's why it's the crazy weather man you were not to get a same half single thing no not even close no yeah was oh wasn't there was another one anyway well thank you thank you the other one call me back that's not even close to whatever they got me because as soon as somebody would say I would know immediately see every market every major market at its very famous people do you like you go to Hawaii and doing the sports was less citer who was 175 years old with one I like all past up but there was less citer he used to be the greatest boxing announcer even mole I think might agree with that less citer was great down close engaw whatever it was that you were to enhance an inflow Patterson you heard me said that about a dingo yeah down goes the dingo I mean was no Howard Cossill down goes crazy I shouldn't be talking about Howard Cossill Dave John's looking upset but less citer and and there you know I'm talking about every market headed to be they were like fixtures right yeah fixtures you know you never been anywhere you've been unlike bosman Montana and somewhere in the jersey and Trent and somewhere next to that's you know that's it visited New York probably I can't believe I can't think of the name of the weather guy on Katie K that if somebody doesn't call in or fact shit in today before to a clock that's gonna drive me crazy but drive me up the wall very very notorious just a wild man you know which is what the weather people and whatever happened to a water coronation is both ties he's probably dead and the other guy dick from channel 4 the old channel 4 they used to work with weaver oh I don't know oh yeah the hell you don't dick's fammile oh they even made an invented seeds after me probably just picked a couple of those this morning I just heard you talking about him dick's fammile he used to be the booth announcer he was the he was the voice of the station on channel 4 back it was an order to use that why can't even figure out where to help was you know when Renek was there WBQM hello hi Neil yes sir this which years for a minute like a little 60 years yeah you think that Juniors down has merged with the great one now to Rick WQM hello Neil yes sir first of all kudos and congratulations to you in the gang down on your website just a great job on your website even Eric we're sent along our best Eric you used to be good I talked to George a couple of people and I I'll urge everyone again to go to the website and click on the news and article icon here and get a real rude awakening to what's exactly going on this country it's actually pretty scary but secondly you are joined recommended a book regarding the Bible being a bunch of bubble mice is in all that I can't remember what was the vent she's cold and breaking the vent she's cold with just the vent she code right I have already it's gonna be a movie but uh it's not a movie but I haven't had a debunkst the whole biblical uh bullcraft yeah I uh I went to the book they got like three of them out I couldn't read the book to the the debunk the a Bible the book the Bible the Bible I'm serious no I'm sorry my my my boy spent a time with my mother Lonnie's been coming home wearing a cloth on a necklace and asking questions about where the first human came from and all that I you know I I thought I picked the book up a man he handed to her and you know open your eyes and all that's right here get a bit of a guy to the Bible here right now says what was the book the bitches called you know just trying to tell you something and these you know let's something you can give to a kid because it's got little cartoon pictures and how old is the kid he's only six years old there this is perfect then Ken's guide to the Bible by Ken by Ken Smith and guys to the Bible yes all right we're gonna get that middle anywhere I'm not gonna I'm not gonna wait it's not a glass for you know straight enough before straight name straight in his house before father or tool does okay it only costs eight books Greg New Dallas on mornings on W.J. and A640 AM says this facts oh my god I stumbled on trying to get away from Mo and Gully Greg Ray Benjamin but Elle the most overrated mediocre human being in his piece of South Florida media if he asked me for Greg I probably shouldn't say that because he'll take a personal that's why I said it's my mind and look I was the number of my individual five six you were you were you were you were all great money python but he ever kindle me was always my favorite he's just incredible I like Graham Chapman the guy the died but he's dead though yeah yeah yeah I like him all but to me yeah John police was great huh sure he's hysterical but uh Eric idle something about he was anyway you'll be pleased to know there are Bob Cusman that name does now this is how many years since I've been in Pittsburgh about a year man as in years and Bill Curry with a bow time Bob Cusman was the weather guide back when Katy K was like a really and maybe it's silly as I guess it probably silly the dominant TV station in the market how could you possibly remember something like that but then again when you can remember like Franklin series driving Felix Forbes the eighth race in Hazel Park and winning by six open lines I mean they're just there are things in my mind that I want out of there that I have no use for but they will not go you know what I mean I don't know ways yeah yeah they did it to uh stop it's what's the Sheridan on passions and it worked like magic and by the way anybody else watching pasting getting a little bit sick and tired of these pirate stories oh brother talk about going through the door rooms of summer get some new script writers in there please api editors were forced to retract an earlier report that a meteorite might have hit near Olympia Washington this morning oh my god after discovering that a source one Bradley Hammermaster claiming to be an astronomy professor at perpetrated a hoax and early report that a meteor might have turned out to be false that apis books and jackstokes it looks like a version of the story was killed because it talked about a meteorite hitting he said ap was reviewing how the error occurred I think it happened because somebody there was stupid the original story was ap released at 703 this morning stated that someone identified as Bradley Hammermaster and reported to be a university Washington astronomy instructor had told Cairo radio KIRO and Seattle at the piece of meteor about the size of a small car and just hit it before 3 a.m. the radio station also recorded the man is saying a team was being assembled ahead for an area where the object was bleed to have hit near the tiny southwest of the margin community of chihallis at the palace the version was picked up by dozens of new sites most of which later deleted the hammer back a young who I hear was writing the meteor oh Catherine Harris not what I was going to say oh tough no the progress report follow genuine reports of bright light's being seen all along a 60 miles stretch of the puget sound which national weather service in u.s. court got officials were investigating is either a streaking meteor or other outer space activity better get our bell online outer space activity oh and advisory by the ap sent out at 720 through this morning stated the ap story meteor of Washington has been eliminated the identity of the source of the story cannot be confirmed later version to the ap star revealed the hoax a hoax no one by the name of hammermaster is known to be in the astronomy department and the description given by the court of the station of the object an automobile sized piece of a small car from piece of the larger triny meteor was clearly bogus but don't let that confuse the a and p.man their pissed off because more people are traveling a kruger five six seven oh five six here can't believe that bob cusmer just that's scary to me that bothers me a lot i mean i want to know the name but the fact that huh it's good that your mind hasn't gone yet more little shots there just wait 10 year old and people about six or six months you'll see could have beat yet now here's what it says oh yeah here we go here's the real winner of the I'm so glad you sent me this fact thank you Alex this is absolutely the answer ike seenance good god also what happened to alcension in his hamhox a is he gone alcension i can only pray no he's still there he's still waiting yeah but put any of the all ike seeman who's one of the just i hack just a hack a total sellout he turned himself into a pomemic eras and back during that silly arena dead that thing what a clown you are ike semen's man silly old goofball it says i better be the pull tomorrow about a south flotter radio person that needs to be tar oh how are we gonna hundred percent of the vote not get a bunch retire we already done that do we want to do that i don't care don't bother me none yeah let's do that tomorrow so wish south flotter radio person out of the other retire i bet you cashed it over get a few votes let's see here's stuttering girls says today's pull alani quinn NBC sixy there there can there been condition out of saying NBC six nobody says CBS four nobody says ABC ten but NBC six morning weatherman quest more very arrogant lani quinn got it got it got it had's lani quinn medicine guy that's what stuttering girls says don't know homestead good luck to you stuttering girl you're okay in my book five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixy on the AT&T and for our so glad we change the pull you know yeah this is more fun yeah because the other stuff is uh it's just a given you know the uh and it's time with those people one listen it's a free country at two a point although i will say they're starting on monday you can't list any more station at the broadcast language i just decided when i think great let's start a different language in broadcast in that i still say that like back back in the day when i first started this market the kt they used to have a separate there were there were two different things there was the day book there was a brown book separate right and and there was a separate ethnic book right and that's why it should be because advertisers who want you know you and have a twenty share but if you have on nobody listen but uh pick me set of this uh three feet tall those people are gonna be by an elevator shoe well they will be by an elevator shoes but everything gonna be by you see what i'm saying they're not gonna be by like a big cars say better way to target your demographic exactly very advertising tool exactly i see men's man he just makes he makes me angry he because he's a fool he's a clown he's a silly person he's an embarrassment he's okay wqm hello hey there's sir i've been on the east coast in a uh in a few years but it's big fat day game still on the air i'm not here oh i'm not well but it they've been on the air here he has been on the air here for a long time we'll see that's a long event because i've known there but he's a retiring way okay thanks i think he's dead how could we find that out somebody you call somebody have to call because you could do a search on that i don't think he's he was big but not that big you know i mean it wasn't big enough to be on the internet maybe he was i'm gonna do it right now Dave game okay let's wait with baited bread let's get some an after good stuff off Dave's game room peats pinball pages oh i didn't put peaty lanyan there we put Dave game in there and by the way peaty lanyan your station didn't show up either in date and broard whatever the hell's call out is are see this is the thing with cheap channel to us another thing we do you got wftl wfll wflll what an and nobody know has any idea what the call it is are then eat fifty thing in palm beach oh Steve lap was gonna put you guys right off the map and the norma can't send me emails and facts is a month and months ago oh they're going out sports default was on area do they show up at all they don't need it it's because they're out of the market they're at palm beach station so if you don't show up at all they don't even list you i mean at least mister ego his station is listed on there and they just have it i have a point i don't warning when he's on zero which means nobody's listening those seriously stop exaggerating what's the number what's what number his number Steve yeah point oh okay or maybe it's oh point oh or maybe it's oh it's low rhymes with oh five six seven oh five six deep pound five six the only AT&T see since the blind mic can't find that station on the dial anymore there real trouble and since can block move to another block you moved to block for their way you can't hear it w qm hello yes sir um so much of a world crown ice is alive come on firm the world crown ice is alive is he still in south Florida yes i think it is a bar county they just did a story about you know kind of where where are they now kind of a thing right just recently so he is he is still around still wearing very loud shirts and currently doing fun well thanks to the good news there you are see well he's still alive probably wearing a big bow ties he was the weather guy channel 10 back in the day you remember him i can't believe that no i remember his bow ties up just the bow ties but not him well he had kind of a clown face not not with any like make up or think this kind of a clown face that was just him he was okay was like really old and funny daddy now i think he was leaving all that at all at that point but he's just that was just his thing you know some people even when they're young they're old and funny daddy you know what i mean i'm sure him well can you imagine him as a young person not really i think he was born with a piece of a discreet honestly came up cut and loose i can imagine him cutting a few i'll tell you that i just want to be there when it happened 1257 at five sixty w qm with a heat of summer here now is a great time to get out of that car you've been driving and get yourself into a great new Toyota from arm strong Toyota of homestead on u s one twenty minutes south of the a thirty six their worth the driver's debut thousands of great new Toyota with rising gas prices maybe you want to car with more fuel economy the legendary i like the way you spell this fat boy the legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just eleven ninety or least it for just two or nine a month need a great toy to for that college or high school graduate how about the Toyota Echo at least price to just one ninety nine need a truck to be six Toyota tumblr regular can can be least for just two thirty nine a month looking for the hottest new cars around check out the Corolla XRS and solar convertible now in stock at armstrong Toyota of homestead their local owner not pretty they'll just about stand on their head to do anything to make sure you're happy customer and their service departments even open late till eight week nights to make sure your service work gets done and keep in mind that armstrong Toyota homestead was the first to do off your free tires and batteries for life now that the first to offer your free replacement parts for life that's correct tires batteries and free parts for life nobody else nowhere does that so say goodbye to those screaming hollowing big hot shot dealers who scream in a holler in the kitchen their dealership under phony pretence see David rich the GM and armstrong Toyota homestead today armstrong Toyota homestead their U.S. one and two ninety-third street in homestead just twenty minutes south of the a thirty six driver little and save a ton and that great new Toyota today only at armstrong Toyota of homestead all this is for real my sixty-four two a.m. oh boy it's the one to two hour yeah we are unit that cares and I'm saying care the reason why I say care because it's so hard to let things go when you care about it when you care about it I would say love and didn't everyone say that you're a fact why not show they here it is me world when the screaming days meet the rest of the girls in the closet no more that's what day day is for it's a day day after all that's a movie day of fun when we wear red shirts and when we you can hear my squirts we visit go and meet us with our manicured go cheese kids a day after all we'll be holding hands in a dead share let it watch the lies some a belly marching band will make your wrist treat with a kiss on the cheek it's a day day after all we can wear tight shorts they the gold one may wear mask our like the least we can then so wait as we princess I shake it's a day day after all and you have a liberty ball hosted by a repteller and group call the leader of anarchy rock not to mention people like after it's a day day after all it's a day day after all it's a day day after all it's a day day after all it's a day day after all by a evening one out to a 560 WCM that was his name by the way Pete Lecott first baseman it was Peter Marshall son from the Hollywood Square did you know that I thought that the word I'm sure you forgot he was no Bob Cudsman though from KDK I don't think I've ever got to recover from remembering that it's just where did it come from you know I mean it's not like an easy name I mean Bill Korea okay what I said that's a piece of cake you know it's a simple name but Bob Cudsman how many people do you know name Cudsman none how many people do you know name Navio Almarab none well here's a guy that's his name he was once imprisoned as the number 27 man on the FBI list of most captured terrorist suspects guess what he's free again he's free despite telling a Jordanian informant he planned to dive a martyr by driving a gasoline truck into a New York city tunnel turning its sideways opening its fuel valves and having an alcatahoperative shooter flared to ignite a massive explosion free despite telling the FBI he had trained on rifles and rocket propelled grenades at militant camps in Afghanistan and after admitting he said money to a former roommate convicted trying to blow up a hotel in Jordan free despite efforts by prosecutors in Detroit in Chicago to indict him on charges that could have kept in prison for years those uh indictments were rejected by the justice department in the name of protecting intelligence even two judges openly questioned almarab's terror ties the indictments rejected by the justice department who they were too busy probably covering up statues the bush administration in January deported almarab the Syria his home in the country the US government long as regard as a sponsor of terrorism the quiet end of almarab's case proves a provides a stark contrast to other cases in which the bush administration has held suspects without lawyers as enemy combatants had also contrasted with terms of the agency's to describe an internal documents obtained by the associated press almarab intended to murder himself and attack against the US and FBI in road December 2002 a fluttoed nomarab's deportation ruling last year added the FBI's been unable to rule out the possibility that almarab has engaged in terrorist activity or will do so if he's never moved from the US one FBI reports summarized a high-level debriefing of a Jordanian jid Jordanian informant that was conducted personally by the US attorney in Chicago the informant claimed almarab told him of specific terrorist plans during the time in prison while almarab was serving an eight months sentence friendly US illegally the whole story is on our website it's just uh... nauseating i think it's on our website and maybe it's not i better check it out i'll check it out air i'll get it to you let me go five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Martial Slandopher get joint qm in a marlin's break watch party everybody goes get to free watch not it's a watch party in other would you sit around and you watch it right starting at six thirty davey alhouse located off five ninety five and university stop by the win marlin tickets of the prizes from billy the marlin and the mermaids and watch the marlin's crushed the meds at the davey alhouse they're playing that in the earth at play right in the alhouse and josh beckets going to be well i can't tell you what he's going to be doing or he's going to be doing it on his hands i think what's on for a TV personality needs to retire next he forts two lat two hundred forty one votes rick sands has one thirty three tonnys the grotto twenty two you're right on rick sands while it's not close but anywhere you're in second place Tony they're getting real tidy your cornball crap of your being a silly person that's what you are your silly don't you're a silly person even camp ground martian had more credibility had none remember that yep boy another case of sports nerd turned news anchor hey poof your news anchor well based on what well i don't know where you got to have some a worst deep camp ground martian i felt sorry for him he just couldn't cut it twenty cigarettes twenty two spilky's narrate eighteen white lotteryell seventeen marlin mittel see i told it all cat eyes gets a vote she's got nine she is disgusting angel array eight bob mayor eight and eight and eight me shall kill him she's got the seven earlier rickets is kale craig for and i see a kale craig had eight i could have said eight eight and eight and eight and eight and they would have been bad though we love you kale a lot of good the fat people are the good people kale but don't forget the fat people also are the dead people this has George old yeah give you a list jenna for valapi for lany quins got three i have no idea who that is no it was that the uh i just set you a facts from the shell all about him a facts from me shell see no not that the shell you have to be kidding me this this is the most shocking news have ever heard in my life other than walled chrome i still live which were glad to hear that wall you never stole a freight train i think you ever liked me though so the so many people in the south photo media just didn't like me i was too much of a big mouth you know they don't like that and bishop if that well we know those store all boys hated me hated me had memos up all of it was prohibited for any employee of the news department there listen to the roger show or they be far did it stuff like that she was kind of like a female mole of salute female bitter with bitter peace they've game and where did you get this other stuff you just because it's your writing eric and died it's on their website but erics one that found it and then we got another facts about it saying the same thing holy moly they've game is the webmaster for the wf of our website oh my god and senior producer special projects also all of these days wf of our well that's good news day of game did not are slow he's not dead he's just too big to get on camera and you i would you like to say i think that's a great i look the consultants are always coming up with something new and different you know because news is just the entertainment now how about an all-fat news team who telecrack is the news anchor huh all right as the anchor all that was game our good friend bob we were bob kind of punched up there and i had a year or five of this team no we're talking about the really really big really poise can you just even imagine that they would be great it's the big news it's six spot is why it's not fast here's what it said sponsored by a balance for life and a good friend Troy hey by the way throw that copy i'm still trying to figure it out we're not talking about Troy's dread for talking about the other drool the one from balance for life good guy a little bit the ditsi somebody beat me earlier now needing uh... lani quince's me shall but here's a little info about him he is a former soap star auto drop at lani was whether man ever have it a doing that he was in days of our lives he had a really bad curly moly going on at that time sorry about the company letter had been another shame that i'm not listening for anyone to know whatever she works for uh... somebody i don't want to thanks me shall i don't like that i have no idea that is i just know that i saw a lot of reading bizarre weather people on strange people and of course don't forget miss come out when she hanged up you notice i don't want to make any suggestions because then i'll say right so don't but i'm really shocked that that we haven't had anybody not one so far no one i'm searching for a new here he is i want to do like a real thing yeah the weather theory you read not to make believe whether for a from a miss come out we're talking about the the one and only original whether for a channel for little brand work or an orcris your hysteria specialist see some people thought it was like their hurricanes specialist the each and for well each of the for simple things are we putting them on all come out put brand orcris on their act in a way for the public the each and for many things but it's for hysteria specialist not just hurricane or almost specialist little brand orcris the only the only the only one the weatherman left on the air i guess now that we have been putting moth balls who's a straight weather guy and it's done no and bob uh soper she has me bob we love bob soper he's a good guy he's the best bob and marlin soper we work with them at w i back in the day man d w q a and hello there's a very manl to show for you a saw mandi i saw very manl to one king last night for about three seconds or some show he was on i don't know what it was i mean maybe it was on divernorville oh my gosh wow she is just uh gone to pieces and uh very too what a lady w q a and hello hello yes ma'am yes i'd like to put someone on the pole if he's the urty not on it okay um are you ready i'm ready i'm listening okay why can't he quinn yeah i can't stand him he's very arrogant enough noxious is what i'm hearing yeah it's not just that but you know i can't stomach the weather because he's making smart ass jokes you know oh god you're done with our weather guy making smart ass jokes that's right thanks we don't have a great day you're welcome you too bye bye why can't we say she would put them on her why is it seven oh five i don't know what you're like about a half hour talking about lawn equipment well she's busy with a crying baby back there or something she's busy okay she's trying to like uh make a living not with that way she has that baby right so Josh court has got shipped off to that real to a summer appearance that Miguel didn't want to do this is quite a deal we got going on that's we don't have to read the queen run around to a bus Miguel around so he just does basically whatever it hell he wants to do which sure hey yeah what's wrong with that that's my kind of job he waited long enough he paid just like jica predicted you know that i was going to be calling in the show from you know at my whim whenever i felt like working well guess what i don't feel like it anymore today that jica man he is just no i got to get some material oh no he's that he has the app where do i mean oh see he pushed the lemon from the directoria la agonia de la derrota de la de rota de la pota mo ai pota mo see i figured i've got to be fairly safe it's a cartoon show so we're not going to have any leaves we're going to have to put in there now i think we're safe maybe from an chapter one at five sixty wdc and we got the man dog Jim Man is coming along at two the hopper from the bell lawn man the tension is growing towards aren't you like on pins and needles about smarty johns just needles now come on you're got your atcare a little big about what about that house about when in the triple crown about champion about something good for one tsunami it's not it's not that important but it's something positive nobody weak from tomorrow while pretend to care a lot something we lunch on do why is that they've done will be calling in and i'll be talking to it we come tomorrow isn't that right you know he's calling in tomorrow no but one of uh... well why will they johnson be calling i thought he was going to be calling in on that day yeah tomorrow like i just said okay anybody following this conversation no the bell mod is this Saturday now maybe maybe they will be calling in extra Friday just to say hey look how great we did uh... i i kind of doubt it but uh... good luck here one third what the heck you mean at five sixty wdc we am let me tell you if you're confused about here because we got how many different hair sponsors we got in the station but good man everybody in their brother is trying to set you some big song dance with this hair and that here i want to make a suggestion from a guy who knows who could be the biggest expert on how bad you can look with the bad peace got about that's right forget about these other guys talked to Charles alfairy because more than thirty five years Charlie's appeared as a guest on good morning america the today show cbs morning news the tomorrow show offering the best looking hairline the best peace anywhere in the world it's called the natural hairline system and it's so good looking that it's not a percent undetectable people think it's your real air that's a difference very few pieces do people think it's like real here most of them think a c.e. there's straw or be at some partner at an america come out of the sky or maybe a meteor landed on your head Charles alfairy gives you this guarantee that you can really have to be crazy to turn down you try a system for a month for about 30 days and after a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells just bring it back and say hey here Charlie here's your hair forget about it okay and Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems including shampoo and trim usually while you wait so don't delay call Charlie the England change your life forever look better when younger than you ever dreamed you could again with some real great looking hair and now a mouthy looking piece call tool free 1-800-321-2413 1-800-321-2413 or on that wicked web say how did they've game why you read it check them out at Charles alfairy.com my life and look home this is for trial by six you do drudge pack and ignorance has never been more blissful lending's across America are obediently drinking the new Republican flavored cayana punch coolade 2-8-2-8 hey spray treat your coolade and do pay home glad I'm a Republican I like being associated with filthy natural animals hey here's anything I need to know I the pleasure myself is some cayana punch flavored coolade and hot tirosh one my trailer hopes smells pretty bad better drink some coolade 2-8-2-8 hey spray treat your coolade and do pay uncrowned to the Republican why I wear it on my sleeve as a simple of wealth and prestige I believe tax cut to the wealthy support the troops just like bushes good for the jewels and find ganada punch coolade refreshing the best if you miss Jim Jones in Dave Carell 2-8-2-8 spray treat your coolade and do pay the story was like America's for much we bought it now we can make with you like a little toy sky is the limit on what you pay for this and if we attack you you'll just retaliate against somebody else so keep watching your thumb down TV and drink your coolade 4-8-2-8-2-8 spray drink your coolade and do pay 1-18 by the way Duff must have had a rough time with the doctor on last Monday yeah we can go Monday because he's slipping and his old age there's a bit on the new book of Brian disk the chances of that can play on this show on a scale of oh zero our minus infinity it's called tranny queen you won't be hearing that one any time so in a fact if you have a copy of this yourself you might want to like put a big thing through right now yeah i'm coming up now you're quying it up right now track four yeah don't play it what what's it about it's about the old tranny queen like i said the answer is no chance and don't be a villain for it Brian why do i say i should say i should say i should say later that's from that invoice and oh damn you better do a make up that 50 bucks is going to have to come out a must-shadow here i think how to how do you let that thing slip by i mean that thing isn't even close you'll hear it and we'll let this go to tomorrow okay off the air uh let's see here's one that says please add alson china and his flying finger i think that's what they've got to with the old flying finger alson china hamhawk man out and as long as i live i'll never forget that they would add phony hurricane and may or ping alpenus bikini uh she can actually say that careful one i know i can say that right yeah but you almost relapsed no i did just was try to like uh ease into a way there easing away pisto kina and uh that but at any rate uh he was getting everybody hyperman leading about the hurricane and already had gone by you could see that they radar it was already up to a pombie scouty and all the restaurants and all the establishments was supposed to be closed the out of all the other crap and alson china's up there he had monishing the agai and brood what was that place it was uh very famous place there on uh he lost solos or something that diner where everybody has breakfast yeah all the phags hang out like norm camp and anyway he's like chastizing them because they're open for business and people wanted a place to go eat there was the hurricane coming okay was it uh mangoes no okay and here's alson china and they're waving his hamhawk shaman you shaman you you tabacrap go lose some weight they're off my screen you idiot shaman you disgusting piece of turd five six i see they've gained they got hidden away somewhere because he's too fat but the alson china they got him on a waving his hamhawks he must have naked pictures probably telling us to get rid of it when i'm a bully goat or Billy Bean w qaim hello oh see now there is one of the great moments in history of my life all i had to do was mention i just mention and passing just jokingly as an aside can block and barely burn even registered on the Richter scale and here he is repreasing his performance from almost thirty years ago uh lot of the thought this is his life i mean this is just i have no life holy money go brush those teeth with your place sweetheart go get some list of rain and do something about that queen i mean uh man is that amazing t or what i know is gonna happen today as soon as you mention his name i knew i knew i feel it happening oh brother where what was was that what's that restaurant what i know we we had on the air where we did the appearance where they all showed up the whole group of down in south aid was it Lorenzo's it was Lorenzo i don't know before my time no it was not oh oh was that where we're out of qaim was it qaim thing was not before your time it was down at Lorenzo's okay and they had like a group of fire something everybody came in they were like all the chocolate stuff and that whole group showed up including that one to i believe this guy's got teeth as yellow even even the Chinese would be embarrassed that's how yellow his teeth are and there he is doing his jackcoo kusto routine twenty eight years later it is just a scariest what it is i have no life right that's the south lord of motto baby there ought to be a gigantic billboard when you cross the border from jodie in the florida oughta say i have no line big letters forget about those god billboards oh look at this i can't believe south lord is answered a will not Scott jackhoor camera has made the list no she has an input she has now this or camera had no she's on tv yeah does those uh channel to uh thank you call it the star gaysers are the star gayser queen yeah this or camera beyond it okay she's looking a little long in the tooth five six seven oh five sixty pong five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line i apologize for that night at i am today almost frozen out of the studio jack not w q a and hello yes sir hey i'm pretty full yes i thought i'm already talking to Ray i go i won't be gonna go okay she's only got twenty eight votes she probably would I'd be either listen when i read the list i'll do it again right now but it's just shocking and shameful what sound for a t-person i need to we're tired next rich sand chairs 160 oh i got tomorrow's pool okay it's about fat people okay you want to know what inspired me they've gave me still alive but they've dicks and he's dead right right what was that guy in MSNBC uh jury notman remember that big fat guy no he was the head of the a news uh on MSNBC he's dead so we're gonna do your favors fat well-known fat person all right we've never done that dead or live maybe you know the weight limit on there because people gonna be all right we're talking really well i will be the arbiter there we're not like me i don't qualify for that i'm fat but i'm not like we're talking real fat you know like john candy people like that yeah people who died from being so fat or may very well soon who's your favorite tuba-lard like Kelly Craig oh and i see that was bad you now you'd lured me into that we love Kelly Craig she may be my favorite fat person fat rich all of his not a major celebrity all the things you said that every fat anymore either you're right he's lost quite a bit of weight of course when times get lean you know so do you your body what florida t s off one of TV personalities return next rich sanches i told you no contest 162 they hate you Rick they despise you and that guy you've had a still dead 162 votes over 50 percent 51.2 to be exact as they say new jersey bell keys to rate 29 right lottery L24 20 cigarettes got 24 boy twice moving up there fast any Maryland it's 11 me shall gill an angel array bob mayor got 10 of these now i think that's bad lump it in bob mayor with me shall gill an angel array you people ought to repent you ought to apologize for that Kelly Craig all that weight in all she's got yeah I related where we get six line he quins got six already i don't know who that is but i'm sure wouldn't like him i've seen in five Jennifer floppy five sloppy balopy else sunshine mr. hamhog three unless you lay in finally got one Brian or class has one and this or commerce he just went on or so but she'll start moving up pretty soon come to qaim hello yes it's uh that we do a m w q a m you're sure you got it cool what do you got uh i wanted to give me the name of that restaurant for lottery and uh you're speaking to them uh this it's it's called the food we're ready sorry right that's the one i'm sorry man you keep calling me right the price and also Maryland Mitchell he looks like a plug-in get cut off but you look like it's okay where you are you right she made a bad move there see i could have enjoyed it you could have enjoyed it Miguel might have enjoyed it but nobody else would have heard it he's not probably gonna get cut off in your right you did well that's okay the for ready and that's the one why have i ate there once upon a time about a hundred years ago i just want that's not my part of town that lost all of us that artsy fartsy that you know I mean place what no not necessarily but it just happens to be the normal canhands out there so that makes it a little bit more it's all the way on the end past all the arts and the farts what the for ready and yeah i know i know i've been there i've eaten there i know a little bit about the town i've been around a couple of uh lifetimes but that's the one and here's out of all people alson shine lecturing the fine folks at the for ready and which is a very popular place especially for breakfast and they're open up with nobody else's open because people want to eat okay there was no hurricane coming it was gone it was in west palm beach it was up it was up the gondola north of Alaska with johnny horton somewhere and a mirror's on there trying to like you know just like all the politicians just like make a make a hero out of the soap you know i'm gonna save all your lives well guess what you would jackass the hurricanes already gone go take a look at it i want my papa cheese and there's a son alson shen their channel for chastising and lecturing man if anybody's a good letter look at a mirror schmuck he's about to oh wait let me before we go on princess Diana's mother died in sc 66 are you interested o I'm gonna change the face of sports radio because now I'm the voice of the dancers and I live in Nevada, Red Radio Oh boy! Ah! I get likes to do here like the doctor is saying three doors about sports and sports and dance, boys I even got lots of hilarious comedy things I told you to tell her to tell her to tell her I'm the vocalist Stop it! I have a little girl to take that mole that old cock of the stars I'm the star now with my old two soul and I was a spy you watched that now you're the bomb you can't hit me no more you can't hit me no more you can't hit me no more oh ho ho I'm a little maybe I was a little out of line the things I said like that yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah and I'm not gay you're right now and in all fairness that think fat old guy they stuck me with pisses me like they used to do but he's not you ah, that's how sweet you make me almost want to come back with you guilty yes, but they my life was filled with joy guilty now watch that when I go up on the moon you're going your mind has side kick and foil I miss how you talk like a goat guilty yes, but hold you I miss you little ah, oh no I changed out the fact you're not gay first of all by waking down but another 14 Christmas thank you bracin US Army speaking of bullets' position in order to prevent positive soldiers designated for duty in Iraq, Afghanistan from leaving the military, even when their volunteers service commitment expires official cities today. I'm leaving, no, think again. Not so fast. To move to extend the service of some soldiers in volunteerly was the latest side of increasing stress on the Army as the Pentagon strapped to maintain adequate troop levels in the two conflicts. They're stretched a little on the thin side. So, and our good friend Roni Zamora, Mochi Hinomor, in fact, maybe he's with fellow bugman. What him? What? Did you see what I said? Oh, yeah, Costa Rica. A man whose defenses at 15 year old was that violent television shows like Kojak led him to kill an early-naburt 27 years ago was the 40 yesterday was native Costa Rika. Nice job, Ellis. You idiot. Roni Zamora, 42, was found to Costa Rica early yesterday, says Nina Pruneda. She's the Prun lady. A spokesman with the US Bureau of Immigration and Customs Enforcement. I wonder if she's related to East about the Kassada. He was released from prison Tuesday into federal custody after spending the last 27 years behind bars. He was sentenced to life in prison for fatally shooting 82 year old Elvoboy, already know that. We talked about him the other day. Oh, see, that's all there is there. He's in Costa Rica now, probably in the wilderness of the rainforest, probably searching for a full-of-bug man. What? Or she hins of Moro? Hahaha. How do you know that? Maybe they can be intoxicated together with it without the TV. So let me take a great view down. I'm sorry. 567. 560. I can't tell you. 560 on it. It was a story about the old Sterling Country Kitchen. Come into QA and hello. WQM. Hello. Hello. Hello. Wow. Ron is back, aren't you excited or too thrilled? Throwed and delighted. Let's get it like an, I mean, it's early, it's only June. But let's get like a Christmas gift ready for Ron. I'll start wrapping the package. Hahaha. How about QA and hello. I'm here. Yes sir. I'm at a mobile. Let's go to a mobile now, sounds like Reverend Jones to me. I don't know who he is. Yeah. It's you. I'm getting better and you are on that, or at least, closest good. No, it was him. Now, I know, no kidding. No schmids. It takes about two words now. You got that certain sound like retard, dehuman defective in your voice. Okay. You and your boyfriend there. And Dick Fiverr says don't even show your acid pop in a park anymore. WQM. Hello. In the old argument. Pretty good. Can I just vent a little bit and get a minute? Go ahead and get all the time you want to take a couple of hours. Alright. We've been an hour out in the South Florida street today. I go to McDonald's just to get a freaking coffee, right? And then there's all confusion in the front of the line. Is this person going to be the only thing they can't comprehend correctly? Yeah. Park my car. It's the old hand gets out of a car and drags her purse along the whole side of my car. Nothing works here. I hate to play. I got four letter rancifers. Sir M O V E move. Get out. When a doubt gets out loud. It's good enough for me. It's good enough for you. Just, you know, probably can't get a deal like I got going here. But I've told you one thing, man. I got the best deal going. Yep. I do. I do. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. No, no, no, no. I don't know. You don't have anything to worry about because you're out of there. Right now that I'm not there. Most of the time I have a very little to complain about. But life is wonderful. Life is sweet. Life is great. I'll be going on vacation very soon. Before you know, it will be July and July and August Georgia be on most days. I'll be on only Tuesday and Thursday. And a pay-to-keep rolling in. And what's not to like? I'm just extending my contract to 100 years. Hey. Oh, that's right. You'd like that. Sure. Yeah. What? Look at when that Miguel and Miguel be there with it without me. But there's some other people there. They're like, you know, clingons. I have a whole lot of clingons. Appendages. People are like, their existence is based on my continuing to breathe the fresh air. Continuing the city or back, back up every day. Which I can do. I can do this like with my eyes closed. You know what I mean? The best thing that I ever did in my life besides making this deal was, uh, I just don't care about the calls. I mean, it's a, it's, there's no interest to me. And they, they don't believe that. They really think that. I really got it. I don't care. See, it's a no consequence as long as all the, the decimal point is in the right place on the check. And the amounts are right. That's all I care about. And we're still here doing a fine job kicking ass. We got the highest numbers on the station and spotted this ethnic sewer that we're in the middle of here with all these, uh, no speaking English stations. And all this hip hop rap this and wrap that. We're still kicking ass. Like I said, Greg, we've got to hurs you the size of my tan up his ass. He's got to have because he hasn't got any idea what he's doing. He would know a microphone from his elbow. And yet in spite of all of these things, we just keep puke and rayon was saying. No, I know. What's not to like? What come you up in that tangent? I don't know. Move. Just, well, it's a beautiful day's sun is shining. For castor, no, who's very obsessed with the Toronto weather forecast, evidently. Sun is trying its 18 degrees Celsius. It's 64 degrees. It's going to be a high of 28 day, 68. 19, it's a Maro's 66, 20, 22 on 78 72. And mostly, 20 and 23, 73 Fahrenheit on Sunday. How do you like that? No more rain inside. We had enough. Beautiful. Why I can't wait to go out to lunch. See what I'm saying? What's not to like? No. Everything is beautiful. And of course, a lot of people in South Florida. We don't like that. You know, they want to wish stand that hostile. And now I understand that. Sure. Because while I'm there just a week at a time, couple weeks at the time, whatever it is, I get very angry too. Except for this last time that I was there for some reason, everything was beautiful. I don't know why. You're the thing it was like done. It was a productive week. My dentist, I went to the dentist and my teeth clean. Oh, and by the way, I do want to say this. My good friend, Dr. Gary, who's the best? He's great. Over there, a tap in there. What is he? A tap in your Johnson? But his dental hygienist, you know, who cleaned my teeth? Yeah. She's wrong. And I don't, because you would have feel bad. Did I tell you what she told me about the toothbrush, the radius toothbrush? No. Because my teeth back in the, uh, were back in the molders. Wait in the back. I had some, um, what do you call it? All right. I don't know. You flat. Anyway, she's a woman. And she's the gum's going to live just a little. Of course, I hadn't been in here in a half or just too long. I'm supposed to do it like every six months or whatever. And, uh, she's giving me what I told her. I said, well, I used that radius toothbrush. I had her eyes lit up like a Hanukkah bush man. She got nothing but bad news with that. Everybody uses it. I've had bad experiences because it doesn't reach back there. Well, that's baloney. There is nothing like the radius toothbrush. You just have to learn and learn how to use it right. So when you're reaching up into the back parts there, you just have to do it. Be sure you hit everywhere. Yes, just because it's because nowadays the toothbrushes that they're making are like, they cover like a half of your front tooth. What kind of a job brushing your teeth can you do with a piece of crap like that? And like I told you those electric those little battery operty gizzling. All they're doing is loosen up all their mercury vapors in your teeth if you have any fillings. And all that's going to your system and making you sick. That's that's not good for you. I have nothing but fillings. Me too. Say you're using one of them little batteries. So those things are not me. I heard your wife is. Not in your mouth. That's what I was talking about. But anyway, and then the other stuff that I did with all the rest of my test and my ass and my this and my dad and my all my body part. And it's right that brain isolated human took my blood. My PSA was fine. And what's not the life? Like, like, money, pie thoughts is looking at bright stuff. We got too many sour people in South Florida. Okay. I can't help but they're stuck there. I can't help but they're stuck there. We're sports radio five C. Two AM. And state the girl's go. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. What? Oh. What? What's that? Do you know who I'm from Virginia? I'm a baby. I'm a baby. Oh. Oh. Now banned from a radio near you. On 45, I've had you else should have been banned from this station. Yeah. Otherwise, maybe we might have a shot of putting a steering on there, you know, but the because of... And it could have happened a little time. I mean, you know that, but you keep writing all the power of answers in your column and pretending you don't know what this from that. Whatever you like. What's on for the TV person now, and he needs to retire next. That's our poll question. Our first poll was about, Speaks of what's speaking, wish. The second one, Rick Sanchez is reading the way, speaking of that. But he's been getting less. In fact, I would rather than just stick to the Spanish, you know, when he can write down to it. And they probably don't want any part of me there. No. Rick Sanchez is 190. Spookies are raised 35. A lot of people get spookies when they see her on her screen, even if they don't know what that means. Tony Sigerretto's got 28. He's tied with white lottery. They're separated into hip or joint. 20 to piece. Like sign these twins, one little darker. Maryland, Mitchell 13, Michele Gowlin and Angela Ray and Kelly Craig. We can't separate those three. 11 of piece. Like sign these triplets. Kelly's the pivot lady on that group. Maybe that's what happened. He's saying nothing. Maybe that's the deal. Maybe Kelly, well, Bob Mayer 10, Lonnie Quinn is moving up nicely. And I haven't still on the who the hell it is. I'm glad I missed him. He's got nine. Jennifer Sloppy's got six. Elliott Rodriguez six. No speaking English. A key. I see him. This has got five. Move his ass up there. Old Cooed. Al Sunshine five and a H. You with the Floridine by the way, you're never if you ever eat a meal with the Floridine. I could only imagine what they're going to serve up on your food. Oh, oh, eliculee into Brian or cross one and miss her. Carmer don't have any and you want to know why because she's on PBS. Does anybody watch PBS? No, no. They might watch frontline once in a while through something really interesting on there. But other than that, do you ever watch PBS? No, front line. No. Miguel. No. No. In fact, there's a better chance I might want to stop and watch something on it. What are the qualities of what way I'm used to be? Is it still way me? I am not sure. We're talking about PBS. You're not talking about Sesame Street. Isn't that on PBS? Sure. Of course, that's on our house 24 set. I see. Way me. Give him it sucks. Yeah. Don't say that out loud though because Bill, what's his name? I could have said I still can't. I got a middle block and that one. Tech. Is it? Bill Tech. That's right. Go. We. Oh, I got to have that come on out and before this show. It is. Oh, W. Oh, W. Oh, no. Trust. I got out. I'll out. Dean. That's it. No, it's a. It's a goes on forever. Oh, it's the whole bit. Yeah, I just put it on. Oh, was that that it just goes on for. Yeah. Oh, no. I never even knew we had that. Oh, that's great. Oh, the best part of it is it's one of against the play. So how many we got now? I'm going to. Oh, man. Plus those cast and overheads I played. They boy, he's going to own me. Man. 560. Oh, 560. Oh, he's what a big show. What a lunatic. What a maniac. What a, you know, you know, you're really sent him off. And it's years ago now it's got to be a few years ago back when Pete Lenny was coming out. It's not that much couple years ago because I was here. Get a call one day from Pete Lenny and our sales de grumming begging pleading all Pauli's contract is coming to come up with their channel. And he wants out. He wants to do the morning show. Yeah. And this is before there was any moe. I guarantee that. Absolutely. This was actually blew up the worst team. And he was trying desperately to, it to force his way in. And the answer then was no. And the answer now is no. Okay. And he lies about he just goes out there and denies it. Then he makes a story that I had norm can't try to get in my own FM over there. How the hell is that possible? I'm going to work for cheap channel. Oh, they're going to pay me any money. Oh, what are we talking about? Make some just crack like running into me if the sawgrass, Pauli, please. Get yourself some help. I have no luck. God. This brother like I said, another one of those clean minds, one of those wannabes. I've assessed. WQA and hello. How can you? Yes sir. Is it a meal? It sounds just like meal. Neal. You know who Mo Howard reminded me of a little bit? Who's that? He's a character that came out in the movie The Midnight equal powder. Farring a jinkie Lopez. I see this is a imitation. Yeah. Yeah. This is an imitation. I like that. Wow. Even the chronics have their own imitators. That's amazing. Very weak. Keep working on a man. You can do it. You can cut it. Very weak. I'm surprised that that guy's got the garden gun. Now you got that molting there. I don't have a mind. Yeah. Yeah. Keep practicing palars one for you to work on speaking em all. WQA and hello. Meal. Yes sir. I noticed the other day that George used to be having this obsession with the tazer version of the stun gun thing. Yes. What is that? What is his obsession with that? We ask him. What's your obsession with that George? There are tazers in their stun guns and they're two different things. And they are all kept confusing. Why do you think that he's obsessed with it? So I find that an interesting choice of words. He's obsessed with it. The average person really doesn't care about the difference between the state by day. The guy you calling about and wasting our time with it again. I didn't think we really wasted very much time. We talked about that for about how many seconds. Not totally man. And this guy, this guy's bringing it again because he has no other material and because also. I have no line. Right. It was the farthest thing from my mind when I set my fat pimple he has down here this morning. Was tazers in stun guns? All of quite frankly sir if he likes us to come over and maybe some Luca Brots either. We'll show you the difference. Right. One of each in a Western charge. I've forgotten about it already, but obviously, uh... Well, I'm glad he reminded you because that would be great. I am all. This is not real life. I have a lot to do with you, yeah. Great. The little Eastern world will be exploded to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold him. First time a gresser nation and they only want that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oiled going. Forget about Korea and the nook they're toasted at the right. We're just drilling it over and over into our head. I've had it racked as some. We've been the fastest structure. 3,000 people killed. Our now-per-god went to exploit him and said, hey, there's oil to be gotten. Going after said down to, fake NATO's summer, there's no longer mention of the name in Latin. But no one seems concerned of comfy and complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel of administration that controls us by fear through Leady, a manipulation and a right wing is drilling it over and over into our head. And I racked as some weapons of fastest structure. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now not see ash crop is seen. I have nothing to hide. I've been a civil talkers all are saying, I know beauty and cattle don't have any reserve issues. Fowder provokes Babylon, world and isolation, old regimes must fall and have a virgin and stone with no objection at all. Tell the crackstone have the fall, Pandas. Right wing is drilling it over and over into our parade wash pants. I racked as some weapons of fastest structure. I've died on the hair. Only I'd racked as some weapons of fastest structure. One for Fee 7560WM. Here's a facts from Larry who says, I don't care what anyone says about Kelly Craig. She's yummy. I've got a phone book she can sit on any daily. And probably more than that. Anyway, I'm starting to disappoint some of our colleagues here today. I guess we're going to devote the whole show. We start time to the comments of some dumb joke. That's the buzz around the building. That was the buzz. Yeah, that's right this morning. Oh yeah this morning. And what was Bentonau here? And Neil Rogers is going to talk about this all day. He's our resident in fact. He's going to be talking about Junior Sial because I guarantee I'll let Kelly's life on it. Yeah, that's stuff like that. Yeah, we talked about it for a minute. We are a unit that cares. Not saying care. The reason why I say care because it's so hard to let things go when you care about it. When you care about it. I would say love and then never want to say that you're a failure. Well, I'm not. I'm not either. Sure, whatever you say, Junior. Get the honey. I mean, just stupid. Just idiocy and crap. And it make a big all my God. I would be surprised at the whole rest of the day that there's a line of talking about that. We don't get here a blockhead because we're busy confagulating through those two hours. But I sounded to me like at the end of the show. You're going to be hearing more about that next and I'll be out of the oddy. I'll talk about it. Mad dog. Yeah, he's talking about guys who are light and they're loafers. I'm sure about that. He's a very handsome young man. Right. Because it's part of that whole jock thing. This whole macho. I'm more macho than you are. And I slept guys on the ass with a towel and a shower. All this other stuff. You know, all those games. Kind of like the stuff that went on at Abu Ghara. And probably still is going on. Kind of like that stuff. All that factory. It's amazing to me how many macho guys are involved in like, you know, showering together a lot. Even when they're not even during the off season. That's the part that Bob is me a little bit. It's one thing after a ballgame. You know, you got to get clean. You know, like every win is bigger. But end dropped to so a couple of times. And then, of course, that body wash comes in real slippery bottles now. And remember what they said in the bit. Yeah. I was like to feel relaxed once again. That's exactly what they said. Back them. Anyway, don't forget. Join QM in Marlins for a watch party. Go over there and watch it. Take a peek at it. That is the ballgame. And I'd starting at the baby. Alhouse starting at L6. I'll 595 in university. Drive staff. I'd win some. I'll take his other prizes from Billy. The Marlin and the Mermaid. Watch the Marlins play the mess at the. The D.B. Alhouse. Then I get smashed. Have a wonderful time. What's our Florida TV. First now needs to retire. Next. We got the 420 votes on this. This is our second poll. Of the day Rick Sanchez 2012. Well, I think fit in nicely with the first one. If you ask me. Ricky Tickie Sanchez 2012. Nobody even close. Still keeps the rate. A lot of people nauseous from that bitch. 37. Tony cigarette. I was got. I'm sorry man. White lottery. I'm sorry man. Telly Craig. Marlin. I'm sorry. Telly Craig. Marlin. Lani Quinn's got 13. Angela raise. Got a dozen. Katha B Millburgrino to town again. Welcome back. Nice to meet you again, Roy Well. We make lots of fun getting close. Nightvity is definitely.