Sally's Deathwood's Day, take it up there at on the next American Idol, a turny general John Ashcroft. Seems that the evil soul, like you never, soar before, from rocking and foe away from you, to carry more, and somebody will bless more. I need more words that rhyme soar. I remember shopping at the people's store. I was out of for me for the food, and I need more. The world got so choose our seeds. I've thrown it to Friday's final conclusion that I spy. It seems that it's like sex, but I don't like women's words. I like it enough. They're sure it's a good option, and that's why I could afford it. And I pour hot water down my face. But I think it's why you die. So let me pour water down. I need you to soar free. This is absolutely, much better soar to be for. We're not gonna have to ask Rob to get him out of anymore. We're gonna have a beating curtain once he departs very soon. After getting somebody else, another Nazi on there. Wait, there's a beating curtain. I just looked at that piece of crap you put on there today. Oh man, I can't believe that. That doesn't even look like a real person. Do I need to do see that? No, yeah. Josephine Baker, take a look at that. Looks like a mannequin. He's famous. Oh, get out of here, man. That's what a crowd out there that's got the blow up bells. Who the hell wants to see that? He is a man, but they've been a move about and after we had our whole website, Phil often faces the U.S. because of QAmen and awful press conference at Ballooning Pettling V.S. from the organization, Mr. H. said, This is Mr. H. H. He said, you have a bunch of freaking liars, okay? Let's face it. Everybody's been even at the Guaya Vera wearing Dan L'Abastro. It was on there. Any S.P. and Mr. David, have it to come across that. Talking about how in Mr. H's world, we're waiting to say that. But in Wings world, they were all saying that on there. And everybody knows it. Nobody ever gets fired. They all resigned. Because everything has to look squeaky clean to make him look like a good guy. Which we know he's not anyways. Pull a cramp. And I'm going to tell you something right now, and you can mark it down. Okay. If Brewer County would change their mind and decide they won't build this facility, I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys. Look at me for the next 10 years saying, here's a guy that said one thing and one happened to something else. Or you know something there's a guy that said one thing and then went on with something else. I think like that. Pull a cramp Wayne. I mean Mr. H. Why is it that there are so many people. It seems that the more money they've got, the more like squirrel brass there. Like they had this expectation of everybody owes them something. Notice that everybody has to cater to them. I don't want to mention a name's Greg. It's like a bunch of squirrel little children. But like I'm going to take my spoons and go home. I'm taking my ball and going home. Fun to bull crap. Yeah, I want to say I got fired. In fact, we're talking a length about the fact that he had his own press conference that morning in the game on Sunday and he laughed at the suggestion that he was going to depart before the end of the season or departing anytime. And then all of a sudden that night he has a meeting with Mr. H and all of a decided it's time to step aside. Step aside. Like the humpers said, right on target, it was the they were slicing ballooning and pedaling it. How do you like that? Lire Lire, your answer on fire. Mr. Bitter, but anyway, we got this food by that yesterday and we never covered. We never even made a of spacer comeback. So I hope we have some appointments for calls here today because we get it like a 40 minute head start. It's a spastic show man. Sometimes we got a long one. Sometimes we got a short one. You know what that is? No, I don't either. I know part of that. Line 9 though. Always is a good one to kick it off with QAM. Hello. Okay, great. WQM. Hello. Okay. He didn't have an appointment by the way for this half hour. It's in 30. You do that one more time and you're out sweet. You're done. WQM. Hello. QAM. QAM. QAM. Well, who do you think this is man? Do you think this is a buster brown? What do you think? A buster brown. Remember that? Talk to your manager, twang or froggy? Hey, I'm a new editor, but I'm alright. I'm just wondering, just wondering. That's a Canadian thing. Very important. How does the Canadians say? How does the Canadian thing work in that thing? Well, you brought cast in Canada? No, I brought cast from Canada. Let me ask you something. Where does Stern brought cast from? New York. Yeah, so what does that have to do with Andy? What does that have to do with Florida? What does it mean to make where your ass is sitting? Right? Right exactly. Okay, it was a power. I'd give it to it. Okay. If I'm in Toronto, if I'm in Amsterdam, if I'm in Uranus, what does it mean to make? Oh, and by the way, from that schmuck-to-quality yesterday, since we've had a few of those calls over the last few months, especially to Bush crowd. Well, who are you? Since you're spreading most of your talk, let me just say this to you, okay? Especially if you're at old grizzled fart that old cocker that caught yesterday. Number one, I'm still at American citizen. Number two, I still live in Plantation Acres, my permanent residence. And number three, and most importantly, evolve. I pay more taxes to the US government in one year than you paid in your lifetime. How do you like that? Loser, you old cocker that's probably living on food stamps? Probably asked to kind of have somebody come over to squeeze it. Somebody come over to squeeze his bag clean for every morning? Who the hell are you, kid? Now who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? You're up there to be talking? Yeah, right. I don't know when it's subsidizing you and your freaking social security and your discount set early bird circles. That's who I am, schmuck. How did I want to start on my sour note today? Hey, join George Martin McYllen, Boca Brian today, five a seven for half of our Treasure Island. It's Wednesday, it's had a Treasure Island day. Located right off the palm of it, or just go for the hundred twenty-second stop by to check this week's feature up. Stephanie Evans, she's there again. Some real eye pop and stuff. That would be a stupid one. She pops it up. And Winston, crappy prizes to one. She missed a few people last time, so she's back at it. That's right, so be sure to let you again, okay? Ping pong balls, shuttlecocks, bowling balls, right? Bollyballs, volley balls, footballs, well, wait to see those oblong footballs come out of there, man. It's really something to say. It's a whole razor. And as you've got like baseballs that are so really really extra tight by the little Haitians, it's great. Stephanie Evans and George and McGill and Boca Brian, five to seven this afternoon at Treasure Island. You know, we're going to have to get somebody replaced on Asktrop to have an evil eye. And you got, well, first of all, we're going to leave that on there to Josephine Baker. And I actually printed it out to Bio and I think the guys who were looking for Michael Marish, who started to play, oh, I picked her up. Oh, we're placing it picture. Well, I'm going to have to do more research during the break. Oh, yeah, it's good. Now, guys, if you look at that, yeah, that's a board of one, circus material. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, very well said I was thinking of carnie myself. And I mean, carnie Wilson yesterday, carnie, it was carnie, it was carnival. She was famous. I don't care. Interest. So was, so was Betty Ross, who might put her naked on there with their saggy boobs. I don't think so. I find a picture. I'll put it on there. Yeah, but you have Martha Washington. Have a good night. Our Barbara Bush, that'll do. All right. Yeah, junior, I hope. Yeah, right. Barbara's Bush. 1031 and 560 WQM, I'll see. Take a look at that line up. Kill some time, man, because we got 40 minutes today, 39 to be exact. We got the Mad Dogga 2. We got a Christian line up. The Humphord 4. We've got to tell you more about that sliced balloony that we're peddling yesterday. That was a good line. And we got guilty. It's seven night. Or are you sure? Yeah, how do you like that? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The other makes against appearances. He's back to that alternating kind of crap with the big, uh, cause we have nobody else to put on a night. We don't know pantergames, which is true. You know something will do better ratings without the pantergames. You do know that, don't you? Well, you're a guilty in the big. Oh, yeah, we will. And any case had a clock to give you the odds of whether a guilty makes it past the end of the year. What do you think about that? Let's take a poll on that. Huh? So let's take a poll on whether we make it past the end of the year in this place. 1032 at 560 WQM. If you look at an amere and said, can you can be looking a lot better if you took care of that hair loss than that big Obey Balls spot? They get to that floor right now and call the best in the universe Chuck Alphiari. Charlie's been helping the famous and the, uh, not so famous looked their best for over 30 years now. But, third man. But you wouldn't recognize Charlie's work when you see it because he's created the best of most natural system in the business, which means it looks like real hair as opposed to a must-bad diet on your head. Oh, man, there's nothing worse than a bad piece. Trust me, just ask Aaron Brown, he'll tell you, or Sam Dalson, or my good friend. Who's was so embarrassing about he even did study, trusted in the ditch. Charles's a new skin like here's his system is 100% un-detectable. He looks like a screw in a lot of your scalp, like the real thing is opposed to like a better straw. Charlie's work is guaranteed he got nothing lose but that boring ball ball spot on your head because here's how it works. He tried Charlie's system for 30 days. Not 30 minutes. Why don't month and after a month if you don't love the way it looks in the fields and smells, if you're not getting lots and lots and lots of action, then return it for a full refund, no questions asked. Make the call today, tell Charlie, heard about the whole deal on the new yard you're showing you to your special $200 discount off the regular $800 price of the amazing unbeatable ant failure line system. Here's the number to call toll free. 1-800-321-2413 Charlie of bringing an essence that you don't show you this time of better and younger, he can make you look. 1-800-321-2413, or on the web it's CharlesOfferie.com. Call him right now and no time at all you'll be looking like a mince. 1-800-321-2413. 6-800. How are David's a bitch? How are the broken? The pain from way makes me so down the drain. The good thing is way is this way, this is this, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way. The worst main spots still doesn't end, this is way, this way, this way, this is a claim. That's gone down in flames. This way, this way, this way, this way, this way. The whole shame of the brain was made upon my brain. I think it's lost it, the straight again stays inside my hands. Twenty six, up to eleven. Well I sure missed you in scorer, you know, he was good. He just disappeared, like he first went to Palm Beach, which is a good, that's like on a road to disappearing. Were you saying? Well, not for Randy. Randy? Well, that's right. It was kind of like a step up. Well, you just get moving north on the edge of the earth, so he's shooting up too long for too long for a pit stop, and he's going to work. She'll be in Canada. There you go. Well, there are a lot of people trying to come up now and I see you're trying to push me to use a My material for I throw them in the clock. Oh, I'm not gonna get sucked into that. Now, when we put not a beaded curtain now But sure to be terroried from the very famous nipslet that we've been seeing on the news lately And you can really it's a good quality picture. You can really see the bad boob drop. She got terroried right. Okay, and she can do a rest read No, Greg read Read Richards. Oh So, terroried will be on. So if you want it now, we didn't take the other moroffi because they just looked at her again I think we got a crop at process. Okay, good. So you can take a quick look at Josephine making the other stand when we talk about carables and surfaces and clowns and it looks like something of the silent pictures She looks like a right away who had murder that clear arrow Valentino, huh? That's her era. Well, yeah, that's your era. Well, it's not any of our lives. That even my era when you put people on order than me. I don't think anybody's going to get too titulated by it. You catch my drift Right, right. You can put me on there would be like a little more sighting than Josephine Baker. That's ridiculous Just just the picture of the it doesn't look like a person it looks like a blow up doll and a bad one At least if you're going to have a blow up doll, me can look attractive right like a Like a Like a Like terroried Okay She could qualify now. I don't know anybody. I would want a Josephine Baker blow up doll, but anyway Mozilla fire fox. Let's get her on there. All right Mozilla fire fox. Now you look at up see a funny the first it was Britney Spears that I had to turn this man on who he named any idea what it was talking about It was boring for a stupid and have any idea what that song was with the video or anything about it or the parody that we're playing And now it's fire fox Now I'll confess I didn't know nothing about it either because they just they'd be who it was yesterday or the day before. I think yesterday It is cracked it out And so I went online. I checked it up in curious as I am and I discovered that since most of us hate internet explore would like poison Because first of all has to do with Microsoft which has to do with Bill Gates and anything it has to do with Bill Gates. We despise Yeah, and so I thought I'll take a shot so I went on here installed it in about 10 seconds and I took a few candidates about 400 times faster than explore. That's number one number two You don't get any pop up ads any spam any scam any and It's like I said like lightning like grease lightning and don't get no viruses either I mean there's only how many reasons you ought to use it? I'm not sure if it's not. I must affect we all hate Bill Gates anyway So when it does check it out the only thing I don't like about it and it gets out there fault It's just that it's part of the Bill Gates conspiracy is that my Alexa toolbar is is designed to work only with explore Instead of one of those cons that Bill Gates puts over and you can use the final exit toolbar We're able to send your email like in about two seconds and do these things You have to use your explore. Was that a line is explore but I haven't figured out a way to do with the other thing It's easy. We'll walk you through it. The video. I want to work with it is because firepots block spyware and a lot of If you see listen, Alexa is designed to work with Microsoft with the explore Okay, I think that's it tried at this morning. I got to know all about it, but it is spyware That's why firepots doesn't want it working. Yeah, well, that's why you're installing those spyware Kibbers even on your store would like to block it out right which would be through all of that So when we're firefox one and out all you computer people checking out the rest of you get with it already We've got them so sick and tear away for those people to catch up. That's what Theresa said She is a McDonald not necessarily I don't care what you see. He was dragging her around a thick and so what I like I mean like a ragdoll I mean like a ragdoll and there's nothing worse than a ragdoll. Let's stow it off her ass. I'm talking to you What that she's still not for us. Let's not the new maybe she's she's spiking the catch up. Who knows what's in it Thank you, I am hello Hey, hey break show this on right there by Georgia. Okay, great five six seven oh five 60 Con now listen we should answer the point instead that would just tell us which days that we're going to bail out early like that We've got 18 minutes to kill and we don't have like a whole bunch of calls coming in there We should have some importance for this half hour just in case just as a backup Because we don't officially start to show until 11 o'clock Five six seven oh five 60 where you talk about a time that's got no material man you people are all these years I've been doing this here But it's never changed they have unless of course it's it's something we've got some good a hate Ali on swing back alien on you dead human I think it was you know that crap. That's all I can give into WQA hello It's something a George. Yeah, there's 20 that next you want to guide for your man. Just may call out the show. Yeah, okay, great It's WQA and hello Hello, yes sir, Mr Leo. Oh my god. Mr LR. That's Mr R to you sir Mr Walt I'm just I'm a I'm I'm the father I'm I'm the father my birthday I haven't done on your show in five years. I'm coming up to Canada to be joined Oh, yeah, let the crazy let the crazy people have it you know I can't believe it. I'm just I'm in the blue and it's law going Red and and wow I'm just I'm just excited to be on the air. You know, yeah Well, I can't be long ago five six seven oh five six why don't want me to carry it away So I like he's on a virgin accident and his pants is something WQA and hello QAM Approximately 30 man That was self-sword of boy. That was exactly perfect. Nice job, Ali. Yeah, that was the self-word version WQA and hello Hello, yes sir I'm a new lifeless. Thanks to harvest sir. Okay, and another thing is the I want to be new for 30 days Okay, great good luck to me and he wants to kneel for 30 days sounds to me like you have play a practice Five six seven oh five sixty Tom five sixty. Right dome on he Verizon singular wireless lines TV's of what it's all about man. I say let's forget about that political crap We're not going to make any change even in fact that's second pull we're going to do day That'll give me chance to like express themselves And just like the website. I've actually put like if we put 10 more Hot pictures on your news every day even people are nobody ever heard of before forget about these famous people We get a thousand times the response on that website or could be drowning in a sea of cash from the website Right don't you think by the way the new picture is up there Well, let me take a peek. Okay, certainly got to be a step up You're really seeing the camera the candlestick maker Let's take a look at ferries who's got a really nasty face for a big boob I want by the opposite what she got nice face, but now she doesn't have a nice face at all She's got a nasty bony face in a bad nose I'm telling you man, it was really good ophthalmologist. He can who wonders for you. He is scabby looking all right She's not she's not a tricom. Oh she's a hell of a lot better than Josephine Baker like I said She's hot. She is smoking man's smaller and like a volcano compared to Josephine Baker WQA and horse crew Anne QA and hello Yes, can I talk to you speaking? Yes, sir. You got to play that Oprah That Oprah thing again with this with the police would help them won't you oh, I love that thing That thing is supposed to for me. I think it's a little bit more. I think it's called Oprah giveaways On the next Oprah you'll be shocked you'll be a ring you'll be talking about it for the next Now we're long and pushy shot you again Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true today Every one of the studio audience all 276 members get a brand new liver Everybody get a brand new All 276 studio audience members get a brand new You will have the next day all 276 members of the studio audience get a three foot helper monkey All 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm All bro give me the right great stuff you didn't have to pay for even though she could easily afford to And make sense and everybody in the studio audience gets statement You can keep them anyway Josephine Baker another we Schmidt came to our website This first out of curiosity since I took the attend to load this to load my pants with us She was born June 3rd 1906 which if she was still alive which there's no chance that she did her an adornado That would make her 88 but Unfortunately for Josephine she died April 12th in 1975 in Paris for and she was born in St. Louis by the way Missouri Okay, but she died in gay parry of a cerebral hemage a hemage And she was born to a long-riss carry McDonald in any carcinamosition he used to sing that old man Remember he used to sing that at the voice and name of that tenia restaurant that we like so much Oh Oh It's one more eating time It's not even that macaroni grill. Oh see I mean when I can remember you can't that goes to jury you're going in a wrong direction mr And probably for working in that place. So that's one of the benefits of being out of that building or being there very very seldom Is that I don't have to put up I mean spattern off what they export up to here to stress and agree for the service And they lining and icing and turning out like a bunch of overgrown children But so fact that when you're there that last week I was there boy I convinced me don't be doing this again soon don't be doing it again anytime soon and I won't Anyway, she was in all kinds of craft she was in Moulin Rouge not the one you're thinking about the one in 1940 before any of us were born Anyway, so she died in 75 which is like how many years ago about 30 man almost So I don't think we want to be putting nudity pictures on there of people that died especially now that John asked crawfish stepping aside He's you know just like they want that he's stepping aside What are you doing? Yeah, I mean you know Mr. H said this and Mr. H said that that any Jones thing man. It was so embarrassing yesterday I mean what was that all about take off those checkered pants yeah could walk it around like some kind of an old far from a condo We had it with all the money you've got it's pathetic But anyway the dolphins are like trying to give you a solid answer about that they got Norman baits now He's gonna give everybody a free night of his motel and they can eat mom, you know, it'll be great 5 6 7 0 5 60 ponds 60 on the horizon and singular wireless lines. How about that Tony for Kenza? Put about he Tony by the way before you leave. Yeah, I just wanted to say that There's another one at the they thought he had everybody fooled you know they married him off He had a couple of kids. He had somebody had a couple of kids with his wife What do you think is making all in babies with people's lives you know like David Cassie's wife and Rob Lo's wife and Lee, oh is that it? No, I'm not your busy. W to Q a and hello. What do you have a habit of making online to babies Q a and hello? Hello, yes sir. Yes, can you play? Um, nobody talking with anymore. Well, I didn't realize this is all request are that's a good idea, you know what? That's hilarious. It's Bob and Tom and you're great. It's a very awesome time to see kind of a child's problems. You have dead mean so quish it to ring. The guilty was in the dog. It's great. So I acted out my pop sure is with my arms the trees and they're a little bug speaks English and a mowl. I went down the mountain and I met Beach where the weather was nice and sunny. I walked into a red dust storm with a guy that's fuzz real fun. I asked him why I'm fuzzin' beamys just not the end of what does that mean? The butt is pushing with an amaz. That's totally deline. Hell, I think I'm in practice dance. I'm in with some maleids. Why you think I'll be back tomorrow, alright? I'm gonna be back tomorrow. I'm a goddamn hell. You're the girl. You learn my English. I don't say much if grossiness is pretty good. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're an American now. Stop making me sick. You're a mother speaking English. Come on, guys. That's what I do. Well, make some appointments for just in case we have this extra time before our Howard before 11 o'clock. And we can not only take us for you, your calls may have appointments for, but even through a few requests in there as well in the warm-up show. It's kind of unusual when you do your own warm-up. You'll be like being the lead-in like on stage. You know, like your Christmas is performing or something is banned. And they're their own lead-in. You know what I'm saying? How about her dog? But here on QM we do a lot of things that are on her dog. Hey, Rocko, stop facts. What's their Rocko fashion long-faxing game story? Oh yeah. We don't like Rocko. What's it about? Some of them are more serious into the world kind of stuff. About the doctors for not prescribing birth control pills because of the Christian doctors. Oh, wait, Rocko. You know, I think jam-it's sick at okay. I'll get lost. Stop it. Put our sock on it. And it. Up it. You people, I think we're going to like solve the problems that a world here on this stupid ass radio show on this stupid ass radio station. Would it's crappy A and stupid ass signal man? You people must be nuts. You must be crazy. Got all mighty. You start to remind me a little bit of that little turped egg. John Henry. How much be crazy? I must be nuts. At least he won the freaking world's serious anyway or something, right? Some and gave John Kerry the nice teacher. Look at all the good at him. WQAM hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey with soft. Hey, don't. Somebody pressed. Uh huh. Oh well, I want to thank you and George for your persistence in trying to educate. Well, let me just tell you one thing we've learned for assistance pays off. Not. Yeah, right exactly. I'll say a few hours. First I know it states man. You know, I just want to thank you guys. I think, you know, didn't do much but we tried. Yeah, well we did our best. Hey, listen, we kicked ass and they'd rather pombies and Lee County's man and Monroe. What more can you want? Maybe if we had a hard time, we could. Huh? I think I think that would make the difference with our, you know, to with the Southern County. And not only that, but I certainly put that amendment forward with the top. No question about it. I want my own slot machine at Competal Park. Did that go through? I was here. Sir, they passed by like on the 100,000 votes. Let's say decided to do. When she was going to keep counting forward instead of backward. Yeah. Good job. You know, the other thing I can only be a message me up is they went to sleep. So I'm not Tuesday in American woke up in the home land. Hey. You know, I didn't have to be a kid. I'm not. Very well said my friend. I have a good day. I'm going to get in the booth straight now. Okay, strap them up real tight. You won't be. You went to bed in American woke up in a home land. I love it. That was cute on it. You're having a stomach for this time. It's a fucking crack of comfort. I'm sorry. Amen. That was a lovely thing. Okay. Let's get this thing on the road. Okay. We'll do the break. A little bit early here and we'll get to show one of the road a little bit of clock. In fact, you know, maybe we'll condition the audience just start to mean a couple minutes before 11 o'clock. Just in case we might be here. All we never know. Yeah. We're used to that part of it. But that thing yesterday. But that was absolutely unacceptable. It was just a butcher job. You know, if we want to alone, we can call a foster mire. We'd call a par friends at the Delhi. We can call your buddies at the land of city. Some get all of the loony we want. As opposed to that. Funny. Everybody knew one step was out. It was in the papers in the morning. Everybody knew about it. Oh, no. But we're the fellow. Fensation in the worst part of it is when they shut my pot off, man. There's nothing worse than having your pot cut off. Tell me not. Yeah. Right. Oh, no. Seriously. Well, they did that. That was an act. That was like a declaration of war on their part. And of course, I've already declared it here. We don't might that need all the drapid and things in pissing out the dolphin organization. What the hell do you care, okay? If you put stern on the morning with support of it was going to piss off the organization. Even though they curried me and silly on the station to kill the eagle game. So that's just a bunch of bollony. Uh, yeah, see there's a bollony factor again. All the bollony you could eat would know extra charge. With no mustard or a relish and just a while I wanted to step aside and Mr. H said that You're full of crap. Okay, it was a half hour of lies. This is what it was. Half hour dog and pony show. And then they bring this Norman Vats on it. Who would it? Is there anybody in the right mind that really believes he's going to be the coaches off in the next season? Not a Chinaman's chance. No chance. Is there anybody who believes the speelmises going to be back? No chance. But to at least we could have spiced it up a little bit. You said I was dropping in some beautiful stuff in there. But you know, things like you turned out it would have been great. People would have been tean in their pants. But no, we can't laugh. But this is sports. No, you don't understand. We have to take this definitely serious. We don't want to hear Mr. H said. Or by the way, Mr. H and all of us are broadcast rights. And all that story too. Yeah. I know I know something about Mr. H and that whole thing with the Marlins and the Dolphins that could have really just, I think it would have slowed. Talk about a firefly. Yeah. No bad leader. Yeah, that's right. Even look at Brassie, his eyes would pop out. You're in that story. The good of standing Mr. H. That's true story. Yeah. It's my family. K, not me. It's my family. 1056 to WQAM where we lie like crazy. If you're expecting guests this thing, giving yourself the turkey that makes the meal special, it's the people. Make sure your guestly business company is you, do by calling dial a mattress at 1-800 mattress. One of the time weeks in advance, you're just your wife or daughter, you can get them just a mattress that we same day. And when you call 1-800 mattress, you'll save an additional 20% on select models, while supplies last. And you can choose from all the top names in the universe like Celia and Zurich, Simmons King Quaustar and Sven Anderson Foster, and tempered Peter II. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get sand-dabel array and pick the date and time for a little bit of a year schedule. You just pick it to our window, and then you just jump right out of it. Like between 1-3 to 1-4 whenever it's convenient for you. And dial a mattress is mighty proud and odd of you if they're 99.7 on-time service record. They're ranked number one in the world at Crest and Mercedes-Betion, and dial a mattress one to 2004 better business bureau, local torture, but some support. That's how outstanding they be. So before those guests roll up to the holidays or whatever the deal might be, call 1-800 mattress is the easiest as smartest piece of shop and you'll ever do have them using these folks for years. Check them on the wicked web at macros.com or better yet. Make that call right now. You'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. 1-800 mattress 1-800-M-A-T-T-R-E-S. One of the hardest moments at the time? Well, I've even got a job show forScop! So welcome our. "...our housewife. It's for me who lógrows up." This is the New Roger Show. death is your footing. Fuck! who ask?! Any questions? Tom and don. Tom and don. Tom and rec are around. Adam and not... Just some... these coolels. Oh! Oh! Uh oh! Uh... Oh... I'm so glad to be here. I'm so glad to be here. I'm so glad to be here. I'm so glad to be here. I'm so glad to be here. I'm so glad to be here. I'm so glad to be here. I'm so glad to be here. I'm so glad to be here. I'm so glad to be here. I'm so glad to be here. I'm so glad to be here. I'm so glad to be here. I'm so glad to be here. I'm so glad to be her. I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, I'm your next star, first hour. Let's rush into what the couple for Wilma. 17, every 15 votes on yesterday's pool. Not that they didn't like the police today. Then I'd tell you that. Oh, I don't think that had so much to do with this. The fact we had a spastic show that was on for 20 minutes and an offer half an hour for it. Blowny. Lots of a lonely man. If you could be any famous living person for a month, who would you be? You have near 447. See, you've people don't understand it. I was telling George before to show today how sad that is. We're talking about right now. Any person now. Not as you have there was like 20 years ago or even maybe. But like right now, who's an infinite old man who couldn't get up with 10 C. Alice's in 25 was okay. So you're, you know, they'll get it. Britney's husband 232. Now that's a little bit closely above. Soon. Say Bill Gates 168. Richard Branson 154. That was George's choice. Brad Pitt 142. Bill Clinton 110 tied with Tom Brady. Tom Brady was my choice of course. For just about anything you can name. That was from 85 Tiger Wood 76. Oh, I will say this. Remember we had the time Brady and he could in locker room picture a couple weeks ago. Yeah, all the fact websites got a hold of that. They went ah, they were. It was not what you call a very exciting picture. No, you know what I mean? No, no seriously because he's got a pretty face. You know, just like, oh, and guess what was on the other day? And it must have been an honor in the election. Deliver it. There you go. Yeah. I forget what the channel was on. Oh, I knew what I'll tell you what channel was on a way to your embarrassing. This is it was on A and E, which I love any and they guess what they kept doing. They were bleeding. Oh, you know, when they were up into woods there. Panies. They all never do no whole thing. I mean, they believe that everyone the four letter words on A and E no less. We thought the word corn. Whole. Oh, yeah, they please that's a whole thing. Anyway, get back to this. Yeah, deliver and sense it out of the red states. Okay. All you in red red state mud bumps. Bill Clinton on 10 Tom, ready 110. Tom, you're from 85. You're fired at it. You're fired at it. Although of course in the world of Mr. Rates, you resigned, but you're fired him. Tiger Woods 76, Jack Nicholson, 45. She had a world of weight has in it. Are you resigned? Well, he want to or not, which is another way of saying you're fired at it. But it's found so much more gentle and gentle. Tiger Woods 76, Jack Nicholson, 45. Jay Z had 38. Periscillent 36. In fact, Terri, we look a little like Periscillent with a little better nose, although not a good nose, but a better one in her. A shack 25. A sting 22. Vanessa Perrinese 16, because she's married to Johnny Depp and a lot of people want to get and the Tyson Bechard 9. So let's see, we had how many women on we had Periscillent and but I said, well, we only had a couple of the females on there, right? Right. And between the two of them, they had like 54, both of them. We just don't have any women. So the way it is a Q amp. Terri, we though, is a woman. Not nearly as attractive as George thinks he is. Or maybe that's just a bad picture, because the picture I have here she looks a lot better. No, I understand by my ascertaination. What? She's high? She's high. No, she's not. Okay. See, I don't want to go into it. Of course not. No, I don't know. I was just saying that you were scared. If you consider that hot, then hey, listen to one of you. That's so much action going on. She was born November 1875, which means, look at this, that two days ago she was 29. How about you? Like that. And the picture like I said from I and D. B. I have here. We were with the close on him, but she looks much better. She was born in Y-Coffe, New Jersey. Y-Coffe? She's been in, mostly she's a doing out in pre-production. Land of Cayman. She's completed alone in the dark, which is where George is going to be very silly. Oh, the wicked prayer. Not. Not. Just, do you ever hear a movie like that? Not. Not, not not not not not slanting or done, not because not. Like my stomach has tied in that's right now after what you said, Mom, to go, I boss his daughter, Devils Pond, Van Wildbert. They don't come to Wilder than Van. American pie, too. Josie and the pussycats. Oh, boy, work you haven't problems here. Just visiting, Dr. Key and the women don't send us, take to a choice by the way. She'll get really. She'll be half of ventilating. Pondy shots. American pie the first one. Around the fire. Cool intentions. We did that. What we did that night. Irving legend. Oh, that's right. She was an urban legend, which is a very marginal movie by the way. Who's an eff that I like? I hear it. Is that her? Disney? Irving? Well, hang on. All the story. All right. You then? Nothing. Is her urban legend right here? And I was right. You're a leader. We're looking a lot better than you. He looked a little bit anorexic in with Sarah there. And I remember what I was for the role there. I understand. But he looks just fine here, Jerry Leader. Now, who is it that he was supposed to do recently? He could read these tabloids and he was split up with this one and split up with I can't keep crack of it. And I guess probably needs to can he? I forget. But anyway, there she is. She's in there. It's her read and the Jerry Leader. A whole bunch of, uh, a little shit with and her brother Nerfell. And Rebecca, and I tend to, Rebecca D. Morning looks just like a Hilary Clinton. So anyway, there she is. Her read. And so our B. D. Curtain. We got John Askcrofts. Still looking on even though he's stepping aside. He stepped aside. Okay, this is a cute thing. Oh, let's do the first poll to noon. Okay. You got it up there already. And the reason I'm doing is now let me take a look at the sun set. Okay. And the website has a one given the up to date number. There's a story. Southern Florida Southern Baptist, one of Constitutional B. and I'm gay unions. Okay. Let me just take a look. They took a poll in the sun set. Well, in the first thousand votes, looked really ugly. I mean, considering that Broward is the most liberal county in the state of Florida by far, by far. Let's see. All gets sensitive vote again. Oh, they didn't catch on to me, huh? Would you vote for an amendment that banned gay marriage in the state of Florida? What, funny six hundred nine one responses in the Sun Central poll? 48.2% say yes, 50.1% say no and the one point seven percent not sure the same people no matter what the question is, they just not sure as in what's the gay marriage. I'm like that. So that's a little bit promising. But again, in the beginning it was like 64% say yes. Oh, yeah. What do I get to vote on that? And I'm going to say it again if the people in the South had a chance to vote on civil rights for blacks. I mean, overwhelmingly it would be, oh no, put it back in the to pick cotton, you know, that kind of stuff. But that's okay. So here's our first poll until noon. And then we've got a very important programming poll from noon to tomorrow. Would you vote for a state ban on gay marriages? Yes, absolutely. No, or don't know. Just resources. There we want to make it easy for it. Of course, I don't know is a cop-out. That's see I never configured those people out. The ones that always say, I don't know. Not sure. Don't have an opinion in different. Let's see. No 24. Yes, absolutely. Before we don't know, let's because people are stuck up to me. Okay. I don't mean to care. I'm not planning to get married this week. Or next week or the week after. But the reason we're taking that poll is because a state constitutional ban on same-sex marriages will soon go before the legislature invoors for approval. If the states Southern Baptist get their way, those bigots those for our business and go him. Because good old-time religion, maybe that's what it's all about. Hey, hey, who's the scapegoat do you? You're a resident. Dark people, the fact people are women who is it. The Florida Baptist Convention, which is holding a 150th annual meeting in Jacksonville, is expected to call for the passage of a state constitutional amendment upholding the biblical definition of a marriage between one man and one woman, the biblical definition. The Bible, you know, that good book that was written by criminals and idiots thousands of years ago, that tells you that the world was created by God 5,000 years ago. Even, of course, anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail, those better than that. But no, no, confuses with that evil hoax focus. It's the worker Satan. We're going to begin some type of process of saying we want to see a state marriage amendment similar to what was passed in other states' selection, said the Reverend Tommy Green, passed through the first Baptist church in Brandon and now going present, they won a million member convention. Election day voters in 11 states' we know prove bands and same-sex marriages including in Ohio, which was the different omthic and the presidential election. So if you want to blame somebody for the way that the Bush won again blame the Fags. The amendments passed in this is to be Montana and Oregon referred only to marriage, specifying that it should be limited to unions between one man and one woman. The measures in Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Utah called for a ban on civil unions as well. In other words, really big enough, not just like for, you know. And on Friday, the Texas Board of Education approved a new health textbook said the fine marriage is a lifelong union between a man and a woman. And of course, we know that the institution marriages go on so strong, in America with only about a 55 or 60% divorce rate. That's not to like, right? They're all like long. That's right, lifelong commitment. So that's how the pool we're taking the first hour. And we'll get in a whole bunch of calls. I think we got the appointment book was pretty full the further day. So it's a good thing that I had that stupid ass press conference that below me, they're pulling below anything yesterday. Because we don't have time for that crap today and that was crap man. That was a half an hour up here on an elevated soil. And of course, the thing I always like best about those press conferences is when we report is they don't like or fall in the right for the report. So when I asked a quite a bit of a little bit. And you can't understand a word that's being said. It's a really great radio, you know? Yeah, right. But don't confuse our sportsocracy with it because they're very, you know, they're very dedicated to that. That's they're a bread and butter. Sports, yeah, just ask them. That's their loss leader. 11 13 at 5, 60, W, 2, A, M. You have guests coming to the holiday. So you're wondering what to do with that dirty old carpeting in your home. It looks so bad and embarrassing. Now it's time to get rid of that carpet and replace it with a laminate or a hardwood flooring from laminate designs. Visit laminate design sure or you'll find them at 8280 state road 84 in Davy and there you can choose from where we're 300 samples on display. Laminate designs can have your beautiful new floor professionally installed in just about a week. Call them today, 1 877-8 laminate, L-A-M-I-N-A-T-E to set up a free noobergation and home estimate. Laminate designs carry all the well-known lines including Wilson, our quick step and purgo. And if you call the label and set up an appointment for your free estimate, tell me what the WMV-2 and this got for an additional 10% off their already low unbeatable installation price. Laminate designs will find them in Davy just off i595 between Pine Island and University Drive. And the show is open Monday through Subliminate Designs, the flooring company where service comes for you. You're a senior new and Rogers. I'm going to tell you something right now when you can mark it down. If Broward County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility, I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something up. I was supposed to push up for that project area and to my surprise this cousin in the shame. We met those soldiers and when I met them I'd push it to play. They were not supposed to build simultaneous. We were like flying. Those are the number ones to watch out. Who cooks? orchestral and we cook their food. They are not specialized in successful systems or pelailed systems that we will approach the whole site. Those are kind of three people that would work well. only just the 7 points will be emerging and aloe veritum. Many as a prophet is right, it's too dark. And the blue veritat is for the 4th of skies, given events, ages, sickness, must be for reason why. They believe the old two of his pieces brought us all right. Clear off your body, go away. You have that. Clear not the one, so at all. That's not right. What's going on with this thing? Clear off the other body, clear off the other body. Four of your clothes, one of the dudes, it's so many of the encasions. We have a sword word, a sword word. If I know the sword word, we have a sword word. And that's our hard word. I see on TV screens, how hard it is. Yeah, I try it. It's 11.15. 16. WQM happy Wednesday too. The escoff picture is perfect for the B.D. Curtain. So it is moving, isn't it? On yours? Yeah, okay, good. Where he says, resign. First I thought I had someone who was a prisoner. Because it's got his picture, they're asking for his resign. And then it's his, but still watching. I love that. Thank you. I will stick that on her. Thank you, Robert. And it's Albuquerque. Robert, Albert, Robert, Robert, and Jimmy Adani, and Jimmy, and Jay, and Mr. H. See you guys, the candidate. This is a cute little thing they had on the editorial page. And they're on our star yesterday. Since everybody in their brother now from it. See, I'm looking at the results on our pool. I'm thinking of myself as much as we got a lot of goofballs out there, especially on the phone. But you know, mostly callers are goofballs anyway. But if the US could better represent like our audience, see what I'm saying? If that demographic of these people, if this mentality could be like the other ninety-five percent of the USA, first of all, we wouldn't have George W. Bush, we wouldn't have John Ascrup. We wouldn't have Carl Roving, maniac. We'd be like living in breathing people. And not everybody in a brother from the blue state to be trying to shut up up here. Would you vote for a state ban on gay marriages, 130 to votes, no, 107? 81 percent? Yes, absolutely, 1914 percent, and don't know six. Don't know, will it look like that? Anyway, this is field guide to Canada from the Toronto Star, Estudence Kewt's short, and I want to start reading a bunch of long stuff. Because Miguel might be listening, but I doubt it. The real-life of US President George W. Bush has driven some Americans to gaze Whistfully north. And as a service to our US readers, we offer a criminal arm, what to expect when crossing the peace bridge for good. One, in Canada, Bush is a term that refers to the wilderness, which is the only place guns are allowed. Two, our country is a union of the French and the English. Even Henry VIII and all that, you can see why we've never claimed to be a nation united under God. Three, unlike the US counterparts, Canadian senators are not elected, but the distinction that has been made is the my first and second, because we take our senators no more seriously than Americans to carry in itwards. Four, unlike the US, there is no separation between our executive and legislative branches of government. Here, the leader of the party with the most legislators becomes prime minister. It practice that means our leader does not have to negotiate with parliament to do whatever your president wants. Five, the PM's wife is the closest kind of becomes to a first lady, but we have no idea if Sheila Martin baked cookies are not. And six, you have football baseball basketball and hockey, so do we accept many of us don't normally count the first three. That's a little preferent here for you for those who are planning coming north. A, that's the first thing you are wanting to be friendly and you will be friendly and polite when you come here. You leave that attitude behind at the border. You'll check it out the border and you'll say, how's it going, A? And the look at you can say, who the hell you can? Anyway, this is another thing who's going to cue this says the number of US citizens visiting Canada's main immigration website has shopped up six times sixfold as Americans slept with the idea of a bed in their homeland or see they woke up in the homeland. After president pushes election win last week, when we looked at the first day after the election of member third our website had a new high on those double the previous record high, my gracious you're going to speak to folks woman Maria is an already a whatever her name is said on Friday. On an average day some 20,000 people in the west log out of the website, www.cyc.goed.ca. Whatever that stands for. A figure which skyrocketed 115,000 on Wednesday that they have to be election. The number of US visits settled down to 65,823 on Thursday still well above the norm. Voices victory sparked speculation that this council has ever questioned others much to side to study new life in Canada a land that tells more to the left than the US. Hey, would be immigrants to Canada can apply to become permanent residents. A process that often takes the answer a process that often takes a year. The other main way to move north on the long term basis is to find a job which requires a work permit, but please spare the soft stories. Ask whether an applicant would be looked upon more sympathetically if they claim to be a sad, Democrats seeking to escape four more years of bush. It is an already whatever name is said, there would be no way to give a statement of feelings. Canada is one of the few major nations with a large scale immigration policy. In fact, Ottawa is seeking to attract between 220 and 240,000 newcomers next year. Let's face it we have a population of a little over 32 million and we definitely need permanent residents to come to Canada as she said, if we'd admit the 2005 target and go above it the more the barrier. But right now it's too early to say whether the increased and fiscal result in more applications. There is no unusual activity occurring at our visa missions in the US. Having someone who intends to come to Canada does not understand the somebody actually putting in applications. She said, the only find out whether there's been an increased in about six months in applications. The waiting time we've come to know is shorter for people married to Canadians which prompted the birth of a satirical website called Merried and American.ca or marry an American.ca. The idea of increased immigration by an happy Americans is treating us on a musement in Canada. Commented or tamed, Bernetta the Ottawa sonnus paper wrote a tongue and she'd guide the would be citizens on Friday. As Canadians, you'll have to learn to embrace and use all the products and culture of Americans while badmouthing their way of life he said. So come on up or not, okay, let's get some of these calls in here because we have a heavy appointment book. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60, only Verizon and singular wireless line. Think how we got rid of that Josephine Baker picture on it. Whatever possessed you was a disturbative Christ or why. She's a famous broad who is showing her kids. That's all. So let me say it again. So was Betsy Ross of famous broad. Okay. So I'll tell you somebody else who's even more famous than you to one of them. Oprah. And want to see her can. So God would be a pack of her. I say stick her ass into can. W2A and hello. I see. Yes sir. I totally agree with your own comrades. So you're okay great that's her been Jones. W2A and hello. Hello. Yes sir. A deal. Are you ready? A buy and you happy everything? No we can. W2A. What is this with these are request all of us and the show is underway. Now this is the real show. This is into request all. Okay. Let's hear some of your great email to you. I just got through complementing our audience out there and look what we're getting here. These people who need to have appointments. QA and hello. A deal. How are you doing buddy? All right. All right. That 1130 appointment. Yeah. There you go. Okay. You're five minutes early. You're a cool act on time at least. And you're your George Noah. Anybody who wants to buy a free food helper. Lugies. You really don't help it all. I'm a fair number. Act to sit. If you're a and hello. Hello. Yes sir. I'm listening to 940 just loving them. Why in an exprime and bitch in his morning. Well good. Go back to a thank you. I am hello. Yes sir. A. I can't believe that. I'm actually. I mean. And this kind of thing because they make you wonder what they got on. Yes. They cover his position. Come on. I'm here. He's making a comeback. He said it's good enough for airfarts. It's good enough for me. Sure. Seems a new rush. I'm going to fight some of the same thing. A. And. We. Macaron. This is still going the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil. I also undefeated by the winner. And I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. volleyball. Eat, and the locker man with allNO. Sing, you take it back. Pow, pow, puck and rap. Kind , like, you just throw back a beer. Damn, take a This is off. Like, yeah, yeah, tra から cho から na preservation. Sorry. I mean, don't let me pour that. And fuck the 리about tt of us forever. Elm pe. Oi-yo lam k knee. Mama got your. So you'll agree too. Pointless cho noneat shokong g那 Why does townning ns chokene Again? Pay attention. Thank you, and I will pay. I know it's how long that long It's just how long that long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long it's how long It's how long it's how long it's how long it's It's how long it's how long it's how long it's how long it's how long it's how long it's how long it's if you said what I'm trying looking at seconds it was a little bitывать it's a little bit Diesel 1123, 207, on the account and see him at entry. Would you vote for a state ban on game marriage, 365 votes, 265? 216 say no, 81 and a half percent. Yes, absolutely. Absolutely. 40, 15 percent and don't know nine. 3.5, they need no little bit more about it. They're like gate curious. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you know what I love that expression? Bikai, really. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They're buying curious. They're trying to tell you that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. How are you? Oh, I'm not so... Hold on, hold on, I'm buying curious. Right. Go buy this. Man, who are you? Schmidt. Not cool in this old bag. I'll say that. For $7.00 a.m. Hello. Yeah, sir. Listen, I thought that way. This car was too many, so we've got to put it in nice job, sir. Yeah. I've watched the Godfather hundreds of times. Hey, there's something that I still can't figure out. And after 10, we're in the rain school. Well, we're... And don't forget, by the way, it's easy again. We're done, Carlyol. So, I'm Hagen. What, wait a minute, would you call him? Don, Carlyol. Don, Carlyol. Don, Carlyol. Don, Carlyolony. Yeah. Well, he says he's a little more small seen, and the real Italian, a son, Coyoteoni. Well, when he did. Well, when he said the Tom Hagen, to tie his attempt, I didn't know what took today, but it was Barzini, all along. Well, he all along. Okay, the question I got is how did he figure that out? Or what? Because of the meeting, they just came from the meeting of the five families. Don't you remember? Okay, but what happened at the meeting that made him determine that? Barzini, okay. That's a big no. Right. Because Barzini got up, and he was the one who really made the ultimate. And don't you remember? It wasn't Tatalia that came over and gave a done recording with a hug of the kiss of death. It was Barzini all along, and it did. It came over and it gave the big hug. And everybody like that, don't you remember? Yes. Tatalia was just a pimple. It was Barzini all along. Don't forget about Barzini. Yeah. He had nice to jack. He had nice suits, but they don't look too good anymore. And the pilot could have never hopped up, then you know. That's right. Now you catch an eye. Okay, I got it. Okay. Nice job, Palo. All right. Don't forget one thing, by the way. Please. But I don't get how many day go get any walk, free, small, cum, bus, come out on a look work. You know who I am? I'm more free. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders. I'm going to make it my own, okay. How's Molly doing? Oh, 40, don't see them. They were so cute. They were cute. They were cute. She was innocent. She was the greatest piece of that I saw that night. I'm not hurt of all along in the world. I'm smart. I'm like, if anybody says, let go. No. No. Hey, Frano. You're taking a straight one. Yeah. Oh, God. Anyway, see how do we get off on that? That's all in the evening. There's never too much Godfather, man. Just remember that one thing. There's never too much of the Godfather. Joining George McGowan, Volker Brian, five to seven of the stars in the world. And with Stephanie Evans, she's going to be, that was a lot of shooting in the Godfather. If he's going to be shooting right at you. Pink pong balls, baby golf ball. And all kinds of balls will be shooting in all directions of treasure out. Sounds point of graphics. Oh, can't, uh, Schmidt can't. Oh, no, the music could be good for this story. Keep it going. At least two members of Iraqi interim Prime Minister, I ought to allow ways family. You know, that's the American stooge. The CIA stooge. Hibben kidnapped and gunpoint from their home and bag dead. Amy, I'm in conflicting reports from government officials and sources posted a family. Saying, that's why they got for that. The family. A group called answerology hot is claimed responsibility for the kidnapping on a website. They group the band at the release of all Iraqi prisoners and into the attacks on Feluci with it forty-eight hours. It said the hostages would be beheaded if its demands were not met. Oh, no. You see things aren't going quite as well as we were told. Oh, my God. It's a severed head. Do you know what seems to be an epidemic? If a Democrat is grabbed going down over there, you know? Answerology hot is made civil claims for attacks before, and this is its first claim for kidnapping. The website previously used to post claims from the group claimed there were three hostages, and allow the adviser and the source post of the family also said three family members were abducted. So it's a question of who you believe, but the allow is a auto-no. Huh? The allow is an office today said it was a were only two family members. It's cousin Ghazi allow a 75 and it's cousin's daughter-in-law. It sounds a lot like the guy's father. That's a lot of kids. Yeah. Anyway, it's 20 till noon. If five 60 WQA, we're going to change the pool at noon because see, I think this worked out fine. Because you don't need to take this one forever to present it. So you're going to change them. Obviously we've got an open-minded and light-naughty ancestor there. That would much prefer to live in the blue states. It hasn't been surprising to me that most of our audience probably is from the blue states. Right? Right. And I'll be an influrder of their feeling. I need blue. Which I can't blame you. Although watch out for that blue dress. Did you see that clip of Baba speaking yesterday? He didn't look good on that blue dress. No, he's not. Yeah. I realized that he's ill and he just had the bypass in the whole deal. But he looked better when he spoke in a fully with the carry. We can have to go whatever was. He looked not too good. And our fair. He looked good at all. I've never... You know, next to Katherine Harris, this guy has had more deaths already. It's unbelievable. How many lives has he got for tonight? I'm not sure to be there. He's just Christ Almighty. And I'm not making those up either. They keep coming off the wire services. That's twice in just a few days. Is there a fat's dead? And this was supposed to be from the Palestinian. And I wouldn't surprise me if he is already dead. They're just trying to figure out how to do the other case. And I noticed that money grabbing bitch life in his. Oh, yeah. Well, she's... There is. We haven't seen her ever before. Never. Never never before. All of a sudden she's like prominent and run around. And why? Because she was possession of the body. Because that's like, she's got possession of the body. That means she can get a big chunk of hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars that he embezzled. I mean, that he, uh, why is that? I mean, that he, uh, why is that? I mean, he's got it hidden. Yeah. That's correct. So she's trying to get a hold of the body. Which isn't a first. This is from home. I'm here. 19 till noon at 5.60. WMLMT right now. About our good friends over at guaranteed mortgage bankers in due field beach. With over 275 different mortgage programs available to them, they will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is. Recently, they helped out a listener of ours who never thought he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home. Not only would they able to qualify, and they were able to present him three options that so that's had the mortgage he could get. And they were closely with him to determine which was best and then they made it happen. That's guaranteed mortgage bankers in due field beach at 1,800, 734, 6616, where they look and print interest only loan a 30 year fixed rate. About 30 men. Or one of the many low-rated adjustable mortgages they have. guaranteed mortgage bankers in due field beach has exactly what you'd be looking for. The off of your payments is low as 332 bucks per every 100 grand year borrow. And not only will they take care of your mortgage situation, they'll also send you on a cruise. That is correct after closing your loan with guaranteed mortgage bankers in due field beach. It can choose one of six different seven night cruises compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers. So call them two day. They'll take care of 1,800, 734, 6616 where they look and buy a new home. Investment property or just refinance that current mortgage, these are the folks you want to call it. You can check them on the wicked web first if you like it. guaranteed mortgage bankers.com or they'll treat you just like family. Or give them that call right now. guaranteed mortgage bankers in due field beach. toll free it's 1,800, 734, 6616. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. $1,000 does have. $1,000 key Parameter$2. магазардax put in and $1 ,000. $1,000? $0,000 iswiąz. $1 ,000. $1 ,000. $1,000. $1,000 so we already saved $1 ,000 covered with sugarcane. $2 ,000 because you can get $1,000. $1,000 for 24 kilo to get $0 . s It's no $0 . I've got any food, five, six, seven $1 ,000. The guy, you know what if that matchbox groomR Can you hear the girl, And get some munchies and make brownies filled with hats And we share it with Jesus and the Saints Those pies fondest, and yeah, yeah Hardest place for you, yeah Hardest for you, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Hardest scars flinched at the violence Kill God! More겠어 lies more than others Yet we hide underpatched over Yet we know death is still All their great jun facts, ahrem At the ROI we hold I'm so proud that you take home. Don't just think about Marnie on his own. Back home. Don't find him in heaven this year. I guess what's not Marnie just made a comeback. Just like yesterday I'm a fart. All of the dead people are coming back. If it's good enough for I'm a fart, it's good enough for them, right? Yeah. And George Washington said, I don't have wooden teeth. 354 votes on a poll would you vote for a state ban on game averages? That's what they said in fact, this is our hope in their Jones in four. As in Bob Jones and Reverend Jones. 283 no votes on our poll so far and this is a very broad minded audience. About 80%. Yes, absolutely 61, 17.2% say, oh yeah, we can't have Adam and Steve. And 10 people say, I don't know, 2.8% will change the poll at noon. Now, and when we had that color, your little who we are friend, one of those little circle of jerks, which were, who I called me for about who's going to replace John Asked pro. Oh, oh, that, well here's the answer. You want the answer? No. President Bush is moving swiftly toward ending his success into attorney general John Asked Crock. And why House Council El Bertok Gonzalez has emerged as the leading candidate for the job. Well, Bertok Gonzalez, see, a Republican source of the White House told and the other, they have Jose Hamayna's myself. That the choice of Gonzalez would be announced later today by Bush, separately, two administration officials told the A&P that along anymore. So they got tourists up there, even a polar bear is our fist off about this bush thing. Global warming is heating the Atlantic at a rapid pace with impacts to could range. And don't forget the bush crashes. Oh, there's no such thing as global warming. It's a liberal plot. There's no such thing. Global warming is just, you know, we just made that up. Impressed that could range from the disappearance of polar bear's summer habitat by the centuries end to a damaging rise in sea levels worldwide. Oh, my God. That assessment released yesterday by a group of international climates, but a monster one of the most urgent warnings on climate change to date and could put new pressure on the US other nations to curb fossil fuel emissions. Stop it already. You crazy bastards you. This comes at a time of growing concern about the affected global warming with scientists generally re-eas increasing we've driven by rising carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere from human interest and industrial activity and changing land use patterns. Mondays report called for strong near-term action to reduce output of gases that when they rise in the atmosphere of trap heat what's called the greenhouse effect. And it goes on about the stark assessments. Wrathed melting of Arctic glaciers, including the vast sheet of ice that covers green land, the sheet lost up on a fresh water to race sea levels by as much as 27 feet over the course of several centuries. The group calculates that during the century green land temperatures are elected, which seem to threshold for triggering the long-term meltdown of the island's ice sheet. Arctic temperatures rising up to twice as fast as a global average over the past 50 years average what are temperatures in Alaska, Western Canada and Eastern Russia versus as much as seven degrees Fahrenheit over the next century temperatures projected to the ground. The temperature is projected to rise above to 13 degrees Fahrenheit. Remember like last summer, not this past but the one a year ago when it was record breaking down heat temperatures all over Europe. Not just a coincidence, okay it wasn't just like, oh well it's getting hot, it's hardly plot. A dramatic reduction in the extent of the summer ice pack in the Arctic Ocean late summer ice covered already is the plan by as much as 20% of the past three decades. The summer ice pack is projected to shrink by another 10 to 50% by the end of the century. Some kind of model showed the summer ice vanishing by the year 2040, which is only 36 years away. How do you like that? But third man! Either change could accelerate warming by allowing the ocean to absorb silver heat. The change could threaten species such as poor bears and some seals with extinction. At least then they won't be clustered as by those crazy people anyway to seals, as I was the bad side. Researchers always worried that an influx of freshwater in order to enter the North Atlantic for disrupt large scale ocean currents worldwide. All during weather patterns and locations were a nutrients rise from the depths of regional fisheries. And of course the people in the low line areas like in Holland for example, and in Florida I just mentioned this in passing. You all get a drown. But that's the last, you know we don't want to go back to science code because we know there a bunch of comic people left this right. They're from the low coast and the forecast. You don't consider the good news. More example of waterfooted homes that the Kentucky and so on. All I care about that is right. And of course don't forget about Canada's great beaches. For free. 5670560 pound 560 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines. And if you're what anybody says, I've been telling you this for a long time. America is two countries divided right down the middle. And in the middle, logically but till a sopery, you got two countries. You have to people from the blue states that living and breathing and thinking people most of them. And in the red states who are like busy making their delivered part two. And free. WQA and hello. QAN. Speaking. Who in the guy's name is Alberto Gonzalez. He's the, he's a buddy of Bush from Texas. What is one of Bush's lawyer buddies? If we're just a ham, it's for you. All right. What do you say? I don't know. If we walk to him and this, what do we just say? This but for you, I think. Oh, this but for you. Okay, pal. 5 subs. We are you are really in rock solid. Any call for minutes late. That guy. Shame on him. Don't ever do that because I was rambling on about Arctic Warman. All other scientific mumbo jumbo. It's not that we're the Lord. It's the devil's work. All that science crap. All that carbon dating and stuff. This is just a temporary proving ground anyway. Right. That's correct. And so all you Jews go to hell. Well, unless you have some Jesus of course. WQA and hello. We're going to Syria. Tell him how many of you. Yeah. WQA and hello. Meal is 10th old birthday QA and hello. WQA and hello. Hi. Oh, run a roll now. She and her role. Let's go for QA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Speak to me sir. Come on. Turn that radio down and it's interfering with my life. Come on, jump on the plane. They want that situation here. He's a failure. Okay good. Oh, I didn't know that. WQA and hello. Do the ball. Got him? That's a great one. That was the great one. Yeah. I hope you and he used the gasoline. Then okay. He told me he's getting kind of sore about your whole attitude. What? Let's say nothing. Boy, you talk about a cluster for those who are on it. It's just assembly. We'll talk about joining the hip and the lip and the tip. Schoolmen is still new in 560 WQA. My God, where the hell is the time gone? It's already new and almost. I'll be gosh-dang because everybody would pass and would say about them. Gosh-dang Italians who didn't build his boat right. Let's get back. When you say. The same. Let's see if he'll pay me for a couple of years for now. We're going to get that shot. Just like mo. Let's be kidding him. We'll help you on next Wednesday. You want to market down for the mad dog. Mark, are you getting us? We scheduled already. We can head a time. We want to mark that down. Make sure you like away from your radio next Wednesday from 2 to 4. Zismar. Morgan is the 12-to-1 hour on Q8L. Oh, right. I'm dying on the head. Oh, we're flying. Where are my seniors? You may get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. We're going to get better things. Thank you for helping us win the election. Are your hates and warm? Okay. Good morning. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing now? How do I wear this show? Is her carry one big? Is her life-to-act cancer? I just want to know who do you take looks more like a woman, a belky, an array of welcome all. Ms. Kamal, are you not going to come all while she's got the her problems? Is that what you're doing? You're not going to lady when she's down? That's a crap. I'll get a life-to-k. You see, they're obsessed with Ms. Kamal. They didn't believe me all those times. I, you know, so surprised the most of us and you people out there. You're just just so slow. You're so freaking slow. That's old news now. Okay. She's in jail. She's having a good time, I guess. And it's unbury would say. Yeah. But it'll wait a treat a lady. That's correct. Okay. So leave her alone already. She's got bigger fish to fry. And younger ones too. WQA and hello. WAM. Yes, sir. The Ernesto Gonzalez, by the way, is the Einstein who wrote the infamous Numo, the George Bush, that said that the Geneva Convention didn't apply to the prisoners we were evaking in the fake consent. I was correct. In fact, he thought that the Geneva Convention was held in Geneva in New York. That's what our rocket scientist is. I thought it was that the guy actually, or you think that's it? No, I think it was in Canada, and they gave it to myself. They gave me a. Okay. And they're having part two, and pennied. Why not? They're not. They don't be scared when it comes to all stuff. Again, we do place Jesus leave her alone. Whether for a junior Jesus Christ. It should go through the thing that they got those hurricanes over just in time for him to. And he's probably under a lot of stress, you know. Right. You probably thought the kid was like maybe at least 14 and a half. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. Hello, Bill. Yes, sir. You had a call yesterday. A loop. The loop. The loop. The loop. The loop. The loop. Briefly loud up. Yes. Some sheep are caught them down here to Howard screw them. He goes out of the air and was telling Howard how far from the first 20 minutes they have been show. Yeah. But then it's just some over- sequences ofwsjander trying to lessieron a bunch of crap, is what that's all about. Right. And Howard, like, the old Larry king dates presented like you didn't know who you were. Any� refer to as Tony Rogers. But it wasn't that big a deal, but this call. It would call this just a thing that drives me nuts about Howard in Howard's brand. That Howard himself. It'd be great. They in he think he's the only thing it should be on the radio. That's true. I mean, I mean, it's a decent show. I've always listened to him in the past. I prefer you obviously. It's not the way to feel to come on. But I've listened to hard and I still will do it. But God, you see, some of his moronics, I kind of callers and just... You have a win of my attention to my AVB listening to us today? Oh, absolutely. Yeah, well, because I'm fine. I know, but the other thing is, remember the days when you used to do remote, and the needs of other people there and like Gilbert was like the efforts across the beach. And that's right. He was a top notch. And that's pretty much the general general... But never keep in mind, though those aren't the listeners. Those are the colors the groupies, okay? Because birthdays are always misfits. Amen. Thank you, Neil. Good luck to us, pal. Thanks, okay. Yeah, let's have a little miscamal, so, you know, what do you think, huh? Yes, though, I thought that I was stubborn. Just don't fit. Yes. In fact, maybe we've had a change the pull question. Maybe the pull question ought to be since their subsist with miscamal. How young is too young? Yeah. Three or four? Five? Come on. Give it a shot. That's okay. Let's see what we got so far. We just got a smattering of those. I'm not going to read until we get something substantial. And then we got the new pull up there. Thanks a fun game. That's what we're doing today, baby. No more. This series we're going to change the world graph. Keep it like me. I'll keep it like. Lots of parts. There's a lot of parts sounds. Silent ones, of course. Silent ones, of course. Oh, and speaking of that, I was going to mention this before. Well, because I keep telling you about how much time you were going out to wood mine and plunging my gut side of this. Lots, because it aggravates you. What does that? Yeah, I don't know. It seems to. Anyway, I noticed something the other day. I went to, you know, you put your cup on the chair and you asked the first nice you to watch your machine when you got a bunch of credits in here and you're coming back to lose your ass. And I went to take a leak and I came back. Of course you have to go take a leak a lot because it keeps feeding your old and more free diet sodas, which aren't really free because they're going to have to grab buck every time they come back. At any rate, I come back and was very crowded. It was on Sunday afternoon. And it's on weaning my way through this crowd of crazy people, which they always watched the people playing a final on machines because it's like a spectator thing. You know, they're not playing in that gambling, but it's like they're watching. Which I didn't want anything more boring than watching other people play a slot machine. But it's like watching other people play golf or any other sport. But I want to there and I have, and I've mentioned this before, but I have never noticed so many people smell and so bad. And I don't get me wrong. I love the lot of the people here and you know, I can eat place else good people, crappy people. But smelly people. And every time I play that nobody speaks English and at the thing about speaking with smelly. I mean, I mean, I mean, I could understand you can go anywhere and just have the misfortune. Somebody just cuts a bad cheese and just that wancet or rum like came a linger for a long time making his nauseous. But I'm not talking about that. I'm just talking about bad smell and people, you know? I don't want to start generalizing and take it where these people may or may not be from. You know, I'll go right ahead. No, seriously. What are they going to do with tacos? Even the old Italians here. I don't know. I go to Italy and they all smell fine to me. But not actually. They don't. No, not that. Now that I think about it, they don't. They're here. No, they didn't. Even ones without the here. They just, I don't know, some about where you were the same close for like two, three weeks at a time. You know, and you don't, you don't use the soap because you're afraid you're going to drop it. I'm thinking now that body wash should be really great in some of the Western European countries. You know, the old, early, early, early. That's early, right? Because you can't pick that up if you drop it. That's correct. Oh my god. I mean, just just even think about getting your bar soap. Okay? Just soap on a rope would be good. That pop soap on a rope is great. But man, you talk about, oh, god. And there's all these different way. None of them are good. You know what I mean? Oh, what a vague, you go to fake is. I don't remember anybody like smell and bad or like a smelling good, bad or indifferent. It just like people, you know? But you go to the casino here and like, oh, geez, here's somebody from India right there. It's kid curries brother and law. Or somebody curries. Mike and Melbourne practices for the guy who's asking who I'll burt up in Salah Zamaila things. He's the guy who was unduly influencing the Republican on 11 commissioners and telling them what questions to ask the hospital witnesses. He is unacceptable is what this fact says. Unacceptable. But I'm sure that Democrats in the several role over and played dead, which is what they do the best. Very, very asshole. Very asshole. Mike and Melbourne. What on target you got your thumb on it? Very appropriate. Because that's what they're doing with everything. They just role over and played dead. So you got the wild right wing evangelicals and then you got a party that's dead as a door nail and that's how many for you to get a bounce, you know? 1213 at 560WQAAM, you know, IRS tax problems every way of destroying your life man. They take it to a new financially, physically and emotionally of course. If you never read you forget about those IRS problems as they come back every morning when you wake up in a cold sweat. CP-18WQAAM in the buck wall tax from Kinoff and your IRS problems forever. Give you back some peace of mind. That's why other top CPA and law firms refer their clients to the buck wall tax firm on a half problems with the old IRS. Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution? Get all your unfiles tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records. Suppose you have an IRS lean, wages leave, your payroll taxes and penalties. Maybe you'd like to settle for thousands less than you owe. Need time to pay whatever the deal the buck wall tax firm can help. They offer free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees and immediate relief from IRS harassment. And best of all you never even have to meet with the IRS. The buck wall tax from handles all meetings and discussions you don't even have to be there. Call them today, 954-575-2800. That's 954-575-2800. Whether you attend as a mid-in IRS tax is the buck wall tax firm can help you out. Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on a web at irsfreedom.com and stop sweating and worrying you and go into a panic about the IRS knocking at your front door. Call them today and get them lucky off your back that's free for help or lucky. Call 954-575-2800. You're the center of the real Roger Pissum. That's good to listen to you. On 566-880-M. The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The Us The The The The The The I'm not thinking about what you're afraid to sell for Donald. You're just a general, a general, a general, a general, a general, a general, a general, a general, a general. In the magazine, you're saying, what the hell is going to do with Donald Trump? What are you after noted? Five, six, you've covered your QOM. Bad news from no handshure. Yeah. No handshure authorities said today they cannot prosecute Bishop Thomas Dupary on sexual abuse charges. They didn't back to the 70s because it wasn't a crime at the time. They have sexual teenagers who are at least 16. So, pops gets off the hook. Here that mischamala, at least 16, SOF had at least it was back then in the handshure. I'm just grabbing something here. I'm not that. The conduct, the victims say, happened in New Hampshire, would not have been a crime in New Hampshire, will dump her, New Hampshire senior assistants general, a assistant attorney general to the A&P. Federal authorities, as well as law enforcement in New Hampshire, New York and Canada, have been reviewing the allegations against the formalities, Springfield, DICs, after a grand jury ended him on child rape charges. They were raped at it. And you look for the no-a-face saying, I'm a states-about gang rape. That's funny. Although Dupary was the first American bishop to face such charges, Hanson County District Attorney William Bennett declined to prosecute the case saying, the statute, let me take to the described, speaking of Bill Bennett. I don't know why it changed the subject, but I will. Bill Bennett, there's another one we keep forgetting. And along with the hypocrites, right wing hypocrites, family values hypocrites in terms of how to be a compulsive gambler, who's lost millions and millions and plunging his guts out. And he just like rush with his pills and Bill Riley with his phone sex. And Miss Fudge there with his amidecone business. Iraqi troops have found hostage slaughterhouses in Felugia, where four captives were held and killed. The commander of Iraqi forces in the city said today, troops found CDs and documents that people taking captive in houses in northern part of Felugia, Major General Abul Codder, Mohammed Jassim Mohan. He's got one, two, three, four, five names, shoulder fortars. I thought it was just you who he was with the three names that got me of sent for this guy, he's got five freaking names. The most notorious abductions that are active in by the al-Qaeda and group led by Jordanian, no one we know that's our colline. It's always an idea to make your big attack when you give them like advanced notice like, hey, right after the American elections are safely stolen. I mean, over, then we're going to come into Felugia, baby, and we're going to like, run our way. Get ready, here we come. Get all those stolen explosives and wire right. And then now we're fighting, all they're all gone. We need some more choices on this pool, by the way. We ready, uh, touch? I'm ready. I think everyone's joined a lot of stress there. How about more nudity? I'm sure. No more bedtime stories. Or, and also fewer bedtime stories. All that reading, reading and reading, like the name and kill was on. I read for like how much the whole show basically because they're called suck number one. Number two, he doesn't understand it. And I really don't care what he likes. You know, at this point, he's going to be a little bit more careful. And I really don't care what he likes. You know, at this point, who cares? In fact, if he starts in with me again, I'll tell a real story about what he was doing with Dereen. Now that the election is over, what I want most from the New Year Rodgers show is, here's the first tally on the, the second pool of the day, 105 votes on here so far. Back to fun and games, 36. Yeah, let's go back to fun and games, whatever that was. Now, Joyce will like most of what he used to do when it was fun and games, because we can't play that stuff. And we certainly can't say, oh, not bad, or like, uh, that word that begins with a P and one begins with a V. Well, back to fun and games, 36 more politics, 23, anything but politics, 17 more bedtime story, 17 more crazy colors, because I'll see I learned nothing from this. You know what I mean? I learned nothing from that so far. Do you? Nope. Well, what else am I leaving off of here? More colors. Okay. Well, we got that. Yeah, we got more green color. I think that's like, uh, yeah, that was about it. Well, look at that pigeon just dropped one of my balcony out there. Look at that. I was a boy, eh? W to Q A and hello. I can show it from the front. See, are you always have to tell me, okay? No, I'm not quite as close as you think. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 60, on the right. We haven't had one woman on a phone here today. We have no women on the website. What is with a bitches and software? What is with you people anyway? Man, oh man, and I'm not saying I always do this, but it just drives me crazy. It drives me up the wall. How is it possible that we have so many humorless bitches that are busy watching Jerry Springer and Montel and Frick and Jenny Jones and Lori Tubic and all that other crap? Huh? What is with them? Is that all they want to see is a bunch of trailer trash? Yeah. Oh, well, maybe we have so many need me. We need some trailer trash. I thought we're a bunch of. Yeah, I sure do too. Hello, WQM, yes sir. Neil. Yes. How are you? Okay. What have you been doing that for a while now? I did not just get you saying that? Oh, you did not. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I've been turned it off now. I'm going to keep up with this, pal. Okay, my thanks. She's your bedtime stories. Okay, seeing he goes away, he goes running away because he takes it first of all. Did not just get you saying, he doesn't like all that reading. It's ponders. And I agree with him. Especially when he went in long stories. And I tried to read it. I'm not like that. I've fumble and bubbled. And he lose the meaning of it. Even I don't know what you're talking about. What do you say about it? I don't know. But it kills you in good time now. WQM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I got to drive around with gas for now. And I don't mean it's the signal just as bad as it always has been. But you've got the constant Spanish backup. That has not been taken care of since the hurricane. Well, well, when you say it not been taken care of, what are we going to do about it? Well, I thought it was a reflection that it was something that happened. And they were going to resolve it. Oh, you know, that's your little fancy. What kind of is your shirt? But I wouldn't have to do it. Nice. Since you're here with you, God. Yeah, well, good luck, you, fellas. Yes, matter of fact, your mind's given another lie that grid we told me, if you want to try to hire me. Uh, oh, yeah, well, you know, we can go 50,000 watts. And we got land and what we got, yeah, right. Watts my ass. Remember that chill with John Charles David? What's my ass? It was great. Now let you look at Brian, I think it's Kettle Oak. Yeah. Wow, 50,000 watts. How do you like this show so far? Right. That's a wussie ball. That's very nice. Over kind of from Tony Bell Records and fighting you American Infidel, to my latest cast Steven Skeleck. Jim, you know my home and his right. And we're talking ahead of you, Barney. Got a mistake with the real sharp play. I was mad and mad in my face. Make those in their face. Or is all you're doing just passing? I was out there, my head. It suddenly was de-changed. They're mad, you're sighing, bird. And where it's out on my head. I know what I'm like. I'm being followed by an X-X team. But to the one with me. Somebody from your purchase does not go through fun terrorism. Really? It's not time to get off the plane. Just relax and take it easy. You're just dumb. That's your fault. You wouldn't have been a flyward to find a sim. And around. If you want a decent... I know that variation on a classic. Just go ahead and watch the 165 out. I know how much I started. You're not struggling. So this is the 43-second scaling today. The figure would never go to themsh. The figures along the stairs probably are all in the same way. As a whole, it's like a little bit of a splattering a little bit long. So there, the figure would never go as long... And sometimes I quit during the 12-hour ej since I got a whole year. So when you're planning to follow up on Helix, from your purchase, the figure would not be fully frozen. Since it's so long- Ireland, you are trying to allegedly stay flat out. And that can't be fascinating. From now on, don't miss. Obviously, it's just a difficult year run here. I'm going to go over here. Come pretty to a 560, 32 and many good pull for tomorrow. Who smells worse? Arabs or Orthodox Jews. Maybe that's why they're wailing at that wall over there, you know? Let's see, here's what it says. Why it's there no B.D. Curtain for women. Because we don't have any women listing. That's why Cindy. I'd like to see some hunky male on your website, you'd say. Well, we had Tom Brady on your own at your welfare few days. Now, hello, was he, he was kind of like bent over. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. That's good. Yeah. And we had to take it off here because our middle level men's been people getting like greatly aroused, but. Yeah. Yeah. Well, seriously, I would we waste our time doing that. Oh, as who would be wasting their time doing that. Well, no, seriously, I mean, I could find him and pick him up, but what would be the point? There's how many women in Fags that we got listed in this show? I'm very mad. I do that. I mean, you know, if the women indicated like in a world right is down in their dire, reasons to have those leaving us off to Hang Cindy, right? Maybe that we might feel we have, but aren't I like when we take any kind of a pull? There's no women on there. So what's the point? Don't take it personal, Cindy unless you want to, but to women have abandoned me in this show. Back in I, or did we used to have about a two-share in women? Which is not great. But, you know, I was consistently about to sing on this station instead of a two-share. We just got two women. Right. Oh, that's it. And you know, as Vegas Fags doesn't say, oh, yeah, we got to straighten this other Fags to get to Strayf and count how they jerk. You know, you're always love when they fags in, did you get that straight? We talked about it in the yesterday or Monday, whatever day it was. About evolution into this flame where the things in the text force, we talked about it at the line. But I understand you can't listen to every day all day, and most of you have no idea what time the show starts anywhere. Let me say it again. 11 o'clock. That's a good time to tune in. Because on days like today when Howard bail out at 10, 21, I know problem for 40 minutes here. We just do filler. Which to fill in, you know? It's the other oxaur. Right. In fact, I think we got to just play it on over the beesleas end of the red states. We have to play like deliverance. Maybe I'll be alone by the soundtrack today. Do you got it there? No. But I'm not going to have this. Do you want to banjo? This is the, you know, the bit. Yeah, no. We've got several of those. Stay on in. Andree. And where's our dog going? I need my dog. Ha ha ha ha. Well, I got to go somewhere, don't it? And he lost Vegas. Yeah, great movie. It really is. It really is. It really is. Probably the best acting performance ever by Bert Reynolds. Other than bookie nights. You're correct. Right. Huh? You are correct. I'm not really sure which was better. I guess you know, but it was very good. But this is a good. This will be his great. Bert Reynolds Ronnie Cox John Floyd and Ned Mayney. Oh, sweet like a pig. Ned Mayney's great. I think underrated actors. I know it was in that pull me for, but he has got to be one of the most underrated. You know, because when you talk about great actors, who and how would ever say Ned, baby, right? Right. Like in network, that role he played is Mr. Jensen man. It was just phenomenal. And the scene where they're sitting in there actually filmed it in the boardroom of IT and C. One of the largest corporations in the world. And they got all the little chairs with the little green lights. And he's sitting at the end of that long table and there's Howard Bill sitting at the other end with that pale look at his face. And then he goes to that hole. And you, well, whatever the hell he's done. And I'm not getting sure of you Mr. Bill. He changes the whole thought of us great. I had to be there to see it. Anyway, you will repent. Well, I mean, because you want television dummy. You know, all the time, I never realized. I guess I should, that we had this in here. I've chosen you. Rich sister to be. Well, I mean, because you're on television dummy. I never knew we had those other, yeah. Yeah, loads of them. Oh, be damned. You see, goes in there when I wasn't even peaking. Oh, be damned. And the advantage says, here's back. I used to listen to your show when I lived in Tampa, been living out here in Vegas. Listen, listen, you're showed daily on the internet. Nice going, Andy. My co-workers and my workers love your show to death. I keep the ransom rates coming my friend. It's an old keep. I see. Keep the ransom rates. That's another one we ought to put on the pool. It's a self-serving, butt-looking choice on the pool. What's that? Right. The rate of change. Is that something? How do we say that? Everything's great. Everything is, yeah, five. All we're flying. It's finally it is. Just the way something like that. How do you want to put it on there? Josh, I'll leave it up to you. Can you handle it? Yeah. Spine the way it is. It's up there already. That's right. How do you do that? What's the power? Well, let me refresh here. Okay, let me, uh, shrits a little bit of my fog. No, I let the power. That's a red arrow. For the Arabs, it's fat. Let's see. I'll find a way. There's nobody said that yet because you just put on it. Anyways, his, what happens is the best. The argument is this way. We don't have no arguments in Toronto. We do have law laws in Dominion. Dominion's just, and he invigorates. We don't have a great supermarket, you know? Go to think? Yeah. That's an important part of life. Haven't a fine supermarket. Now they always in luck and Amsterdam. They got Albert Heine. So I hear. Albert Heine is the name of the big department's girl chain. Amsterdam. You better check it out next time you go there. Okay. When they stop blowing up all the Muslim places. Well, speaking that fire fox, he likes the man for alternative browser. I mentioned this earlier and it's something that a lot of you people ought to check out. Unless you want to be a prisoner of bill gates and Microsoft and the Internet Explorer forever. Now George didn't have any idea what fire fox was. And I said, when he, don't check it out. You're talking about that bad movie that Clint Eastwood did. No. And he checked it out and said, I like it. And I'm using it. Right now. Are you like that? I told you. How many times faster than in the Explorer would you see? About 10 man. Yeah. It's like instantaneous. Before you even finish cooking whatever you want to click on here, boom, there it is. Boom. Kind of like a single pop up yet. And you won't see any pop up ads. No span. No hand. No ballooning. I'm like that first conference yesterday. And no viruses either. No nutten. And it's free. So just do a search for either fire fox or Mozilla. And Mozilla, LLA, Mozilla Firefax. And just install it. It takes like about a minute. And you can compare. Okay. All you people that are still in dark ages with the Internet Explorer. And those who are using net scale. Oh my god. Get with it. Okay. Guess what? President Lincoln's got a bad headache. When you say that net scale is like an stone age. Yet he more used to be the thing. Yeah. Used to be the thing. So did like, you know, the old printing press. The old fashion printing press used to be the thing too, you know, and papyrus. Yeah. Number papyrus isn't that what Johnny Dipp was in that awful movie. I hear that will be wasn't really that bad. I never watched papyrus of the Caribbean. His performance was good. The movie was a week. Yeah. Yeah. I don't understand that. Oh yeah. No. I have seen that. He's like that. Where somebody gave a great acting performance. Up at a park racing in poker has all the gambling action you can ever want. Okay. To just have them out from both on any five in the turn. The park is easy to get to invest at all. Papyrus Park offers your free admission in free general parking each and every day. Live harness racing in the poker room is open tonight every Wednesday Friday and Saturday. Poker starts at noon. It's open right now goes until midnight. And live racing gets in the way nightly at 725 every Wednesday Friday and Saturday. The poker room features German action with special Texas hold them in 7 cards. Stud tournaments starting at noon for all you studs. Tonight, Papyrus thanking everybody who helps support the passes of amendment 4. The national kick cutting ceremony after the fourth race and all day tonight today. Rates programs draft beer hot dog sodas box seats and more. There's 50 cents of peace. You can find that on the floor. Top of our crosswalk. Every day seven days and nights week for signaled casting with the best and harness. Thur button the high action fall across North America. You to watch in Wager and by the way Ian from which my close friend over there at. Woodbind. Thirty dollar horse with Randy Wapos last night didn't give me that one. Did you sweet. Oh my god. I watched it on the racing network. I wanted to cry. This Saturday November 13 is $10 for $20 not when fans can pay $10 in cash and get $20 in Papyrus and Papyrus might have spent all night on food and drinks. Top of our car is just a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road. For the current race schedule called 954 972 2000 or go online at Papyrus Park.com. Papyrus Park plunged your guts out 725 post time two nights. You know that the Lord even loves you Rogers. He's new and it's at Burger King. Godfather trilogy action figures. They're fun for the whole family collect all 10 mob action figures with each Wapur fries and super large drink and that's a super large drink. No exceptions. Get Sony in a favorite garbage can. So you can beat the crap out of crow after he punches out Sony's sister or get the book riddle body of Sony after he gets it at the Jersey toll boot. Wow. Is it that great and press all your friends with the John himself? I'm making an offer he can't for fear. So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures. Remember it's only business and it's at Burger King. And you're taking this real personal pump 26 at 560 WQAM. And I'll be two of the Humphrey 4 who is going to slice up some volume for you and serve it on right. That was a great line Humphrey. There were slice it up to volume and serve it as fast as they could at their press competition. That sums up in a nutshell baby. It was crap man. Non-stop BS. Well I decided to step aside my ass. Okay. Mr. Ray thought he year out. You're out sweetheart. Here's a fast from my Michael says. Can you go back to ripping low? What's the point? He's not hurt anymore. What's the point? What's the point? He's old news. He'll have the next Wednesday for like two hours. I mean it's a worth really our wasting valuable airtime to it. Yeah. At least some of the bits. What is it saying? At least some of the mobots a little more often. Well the problem with that is that most of the mobots that we had the good ones we can't play anymore. Yeah. Can't rape a lady more? It's funny that it can't do anything anymore. Any more. How about the one the parody of the son of Garfunkel song. Can't remember the name. What's that? What's that? The mother and child. Yeah the ginger and more reunion. That's what I meant. I'll talk to you about his. Yeah. Yeah. This one. And that one. Are you crazy man? You just. Oh, Mike is a navel. Sorry Mike. He's a repressed. And of course being over there navel's maybe if you want to hear all those great bits again. Go that are not kind of a door. It's a busy broadcast. You tell Joyce you want to hear the good stuff. Okay. And quit the insertion of tight bitch. Rich in Tamarach says. Which rhymes with bitch. You learned on WINZ the talk radio doesn't change the world. Help us deal with its austerities and make us land. It says fun and games. Asked to ask. That's over it's once he wants asked to wreck them. Asked. Okay. Follow me. Matter of fact speaking of. Huh? Sure. Speaking of asked to ask. We can just play an opportunity to come in here. We can just play this all. Two of us. We can just play this from one hour into the light and everyone. We got the whole set of sets. Oh, I know that. I got it here too. Matter of fact. Got it in my hand right now. That's a little bit down. Maybe some more of feet. Like that. We'll beat up. Beat up. Oh. Oh. Oh. That's the answer. Now who was it who said they didn't like them? Were we was in the gill? No. It was him. It wasn't given. It wasn't. They go. Who wasn't? I don't know. It wasn't. They go. You wrong. What the thing? You're full of crap. The audience will guarantee I remember this like. Whatever you want to say. No. That's not true. He said he saw it. Didn't get he didn't get anything. It doesn't matter how much you rip him. He will admit it. Whatever it is. Everything, all right, things. Okay. Charles Voin in with the Birdman. I'm telling you right now, which may be a little bit dark. Wrap up. Ragly for a dream. He didn't like it. He didn't give it. Hey, we go like that moving. Okay. You see, you see he's too embarrassed to admit. And now you see he'll admit to anything, but in this case. He never has never. He has never never. He don't. He wouldn't have to admit to anything. No matter how embarrassing or how much. Well, then who the hell wasn't that said they saw it had an like it? Oh man you was your buddy. Good to hear so we're on back in the day, huh? That could have been it. I don't think I don't think it was him either as much as I'd like to. Well, who the hell was it then? Somebody in that place, so they saw they didn't... I don't understand. Everybody is on a strange spot. Strange. God's gonna watch Reckery him for a dream. Why not? He doesn't need to see it. He's living it. Okay. Especially all them pills they were popping away. Yeah. That was a moody. Anyway, let's take a few calls. Or because you're on his way, I want to light it up a little bit. They don't want to get heavy due to because it's if he press it, he will be in. Anyway, as a great movie, Reckery him for a dream. You need to see it desperately. Okay, so one of the all time greats. I don't care what anybody says including Miguel. He didn't like it. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Okay. Okay. WQAM Hello. Yeah. How are you? Okay. Good. I just wanted to just tell you about a couple of things real quick about a congratulations for our fallen forward again in our slot machines. But I think we're gonna have to wait probably an info thing yet. Right now that they're still waiting for the for the senators and for everybody to go ahead and put in a slot machine because they're all waiting to get their little cut of them. So I think the same problem up there in Pennsylvania is not going to be happening down here. No, because they already got their cut. The states already got its cutets in writing. So that's not going to happen in Florida. In fact, in January they're going to pass the enabling legislation in March. They're going to have the referendum in date and brought in by October. We're going to have some slot machines up and running. So you don't think any of the senators at all in a set of Florida one and any kind of piece of it because they don't understand. It's already in writing where the money is going. There's nothing to debate. That's why the people who are the proponents did it to smart way. They put it all in writing first and he signed an agreement where all the money is going to go to education. It's all spelled out. Okay. Okay. See if the you see it. Pompano. See it. See it. See it. Highlights. See it. The door track. Ocean said that. Get them doggy people looking all whipped up. Oh, no. We thought you looked dog. That's 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless line. WQAM. Hello. 2 AM. Pumpkin. Violet. 2 AM. Hello. Hey. I did it for a quicky poll for you for tomorrow. I actually I can credit for you came up with it. You just don't want to be audience. See if they're from Blue State to Red State. I don't think we should ask you if they're from there. How about, well, yeah, it's probably. They were born or originally from. I think I will do a two-part poll on the blue. We'll do, is you have a blue state mentality or a red state mentality and then we'll do one where you find out where they're from. There you go. Excellent. Thanks, Pally. Happy birthday. And thanks. How do you like that? That's good. Red State's blue states. Although, you know how they're financed at first poll like you. That's okay. We'll just do that one for an hour. Okay. Like we did today. Sometimes a couple of different polls isn't so bad. Okay. I can handle more than one poll in a day. You had one to think about it. Yeah. Well, I do. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Please, speak out of that, don't forget to do all your stuff. Oh, crap, man. You are so full of it. If anybody could even begin to imagine the kind of disgusting, grotesque things that you've done in your life, the kind of stuff that I can't even begin to imagine. Oh, God. Good thing they've all been with women though. Well, what difference does that make? A lot. When you call them women, all the difference. Yeah. If you call them women, in fact, I would be surprised if some of them had a f***. I would have been. But nevertheless. Well, let's see, trammises. I'm so amazed you're promoting Firefox. What does that mean? It says, I'm long going to find it in the show, but I think you put me over the top. If you want to continue your cause, I'd suggest registering your rg.com for spread Firefox. www.streetfirefash.com. You can put the link on your site, keep Italian. How many people you've been furthered to Firefox? The site will be listed in the ranks and be used as a promotional tool for any rg.com and that's the show. Well, let's do it. Eric? Let's go forward the facts there. If you can't really work on it, and this is a project too. This is, otherwise, suggesting the internet stream first. Why are you using WL? You're our cabin, you're shows in MP3, one I use shout test. See Travis, I your way. You've left me in the dust man. You're way beyond me. It says this way, people can't believe it. You even take a lot of the load off your server. Well, there's nothing better than having the load of your load taken off your server. It's pretty like an affancy gathering. You know? So, can I handle that tray for you? Oh, okay, no problem. Take a little load. Take a little off my fanny. Call me. I'm gonna take, oh, you got to remember here? Well, maybe a fast service along Eric. And you call this guy in the bulk of it. It was a 5, 6, 1 number. But he can work on it. Huh? I'll let Eric in the sky out, hash it out. Yeah, I left him well, when it down hash it out. Maybe sort of lame out. No, it was a guess. No, anything that we have any control over. Well, who knows? Hi, I know, but once we get off his station, I mean, once, you know, hey, listen, you have no idea. I mean, just, this, I keep thinking of myself, I, I made some comments yesterday, and I'm probably gonna be making more comments because I'm just so aggravated with a way that certain people in that place, I don't want to mention Greg reading his underlings there. But you recall, there's just a couple months ago. Everything was fine. Oh, we're fine. I wasn't such a good mood, so happy with the way things were going. And I was saying, hey, listen, I'll be more happy with another two years. I don't need to retire in a couple of years. I mean, this is a piece of cake. And everything was looking hockey, Dorie. And everybody was all co-bacetic and everybody was happy. And then all of a sudden, I said, oh, did you understand this? And all of a sudden, all these nervous breakdowns started happening. And now, it's like you're on death row and you're like, marking off the days on the wall, you know, with Crayola. How many more days you've got to be in a prison? And in fact, I think there was something symbolic. And you sent me that series, the prison with Patrick McGoon. I think it meant something because that's what I feel like. Number 69. Who's up with? I'd say I feel like taking the number one hand or number two every time I think about it. Number one. My hands. The number one, my hands. Okay, how's that? I've been said, pull up, come in. Yes. Now that the election's over, but I want most of them in your larger show, is what have we got? 207 votes already in this hour. Back to funding games 97, more politics 52. A 53 of this change, like right in the middle of my sentence, in its stream. Anything but politics 38. It's finally way this 33. More bedtime stories 33. More crazy color 31. Hi. Fewer colors for. Yes, in the olden line show, come on, round with you, say. Fewer bedtime stories 3. No more bedtime stories 2. And no color solumente ulna. You want to send me the new budget. It's lucidly. On five. Six. Eight. Eight. Eight. Baby, yes. This is general Richard Monterrey. Oh, hi, General. How can I help you today? When I look, we got some pictures coming up in a apartment in a fence with like a CBS not to show those on the actual television. Well, Mr. You would have a heart set on showing that he's this. I understand that, but I'm asking you nicely the first time. Well, I'm afraid we can't help you, sir. Well, just one other thing, you know, my, I'm not gonna hear the deal, Roger. One to two hours. Are you ready for some football? Then two days, two ESC and day. The media scrolls right after Jesse opens up. Oh, yeah. ESPNG. I think that's gonna be good. Hellboy, it's fair. Vikings. Packers. You'll get them all on ESPNG. He's a fire window is guy right here. He'll just sweat. If we're to push your court snow, the passion. If you get blowin' backwards. Just wear a red on the back. This ain't some makeover show on Bravo. It's the NFL. On ESPNG. And then everyone's trying to swap it around down there. What's the drone? And now you get spot to stop flyin' in the back. And that's what's the squad like fire? ESPNG. Where there's never a wardrobe malfunction. Oops. I don't know where that one goes. Well, some days will never be the same. That would be like if you were the last shot out of the Roman Kindle. Call your cable operator now. And the man, Miss ESPNG. Hey, we're gonna pick up the phone. I love what the deal is guys are out of the good ESPNG. Now that's some mouthful. Yeah, it looks records, but we said it will never be the same. So, I'm spanking our game. We're about to see the Sun Sentinel pool. Would you vote for an amendment that banned game marriage in the state of Florida? And it changed dramatically now. Would say 389 total responses. Maybe because I learned the public out there, our audience is affected this pool was there, okay? And a lot of our people in our audience, like a good pool. No, yes. Yes, 46.3% with vote and favor of banning game merged in the state of Florida. 51.5% say though they would not vote for that. And 2.2% say not sure. They want to third like by curious. They want to buy it and then we'll try it. Speaking of that, if you're curious to enjoy George McGill and Volka Bryn today, five of the seven and George will try these stories about growth test things he's done. Some of the slots that he's a hot gun over the years. Five to seven a second will have to be our treasure island. Look, he did also pop metal just over the 100th of the stress of Montana, I would imagine. Just go to the hundred and twenty-second street exit stuff. I'd check out this week's feature. Seven a.m. and the fastest rate shooter. He's the female Peter North to win prizes. Thank you. She's a little bit of an arc. Kind of sort of. Oh, an arc. I wonder if Noah's got some to do with it. Anyway, Doug Thompson and you're very favorite website capital hill below. I like Doug Thompson and he's a my kind of guy. No BS with this guy. He says Ash Crop's Rainer Terr comes to an end. And it's official now by the way, I Jose Hamin is his new attorney general. From the time he took the oath of office as attorney general of the USA, John Ash Crop declared war on the Constitution. Freedom is we know it in the US. President George W. Bush capitulated to the rabid right wing of the Republican Party by putting Ash Crop a Bible-thumping zealot from Missouri who holds a narrow, ultra-conservative more-lust review of the world. Ash Crop showed his two colors from day one ordering drapes for nude statues and the justice building in Washington. His prudition scheme is no surprise for long-time Ash Crop watchers. As Missouri attorney general Ash Crop thought him put his own extremist beliefs over the law threatening to prosecute businesses who out open on Sunday, even after a statewide vote of referendum over turn the states are kid blue laws that forced retail establishments to close on the seventh day. I thought those laws went out with nickers. God's will supersedes the law of man Ash Crop declared at the time. The Supreme Court of Missouri disagreed for some decision it would be the first of many classes between Ash Crop and the courts of the courts always won. As both attorney general and governor of Missouri, Ash Crop compiled a horrendous record on civil rights opposing outright deceivered agents schools and saying, Louis and laws ran an equal rights to women in minorities. Finally Missouri voters had enough throwing dense-ended Ash Crop out of office in electing in this place a dead man, Missouri governor Mel Karnahan would die in the plain crash before the election. After his own disputed election, his president in 2000 Bush came into right wing pressure and nominated as Croft's attorney general, a move that shivers down the spot of anyone who invited freedom over aselitory. Ash Crop immediately set up a large scale campaign against pornography with hundreds of FBI agents lawyers and researchers gobbling up millions of dollars in taxpayer funds. Then the terrorist attacks of 9-11 when he returned to Washington, Bush assembled a cabinet in full masscrop, trying to do whatever you have to do to keep this from happening again. Although you know there's a title here, can I read it to the way it's printed? He told Ash Crop should John do whatever you have to keep to this happening again. That's exactly what it says. You can look it up at the side of our website, John do whatever you have to keep this happening again. Giving such car flies to a zele like Ash Crop was interested dangerous decision by Bush. Ash Crop immediately went to work on the USA Patriot Act, a right-raving set-alogged and nor basic freedoms of the Constitution, and gave the federal government broad powers to hold American citizens without cause to not end the right to council and wiretap any person almost it will. Ash Crop in Bush administration renamed the Patriot Act through a shell-shock Congress, a damn sorry they ran the two. Later most House members and senators would admit they hadn't read the act and even know what's full impact. Now after realizing the real danger, many of those who voted for it initially wanted to roll back the more serious implications of the law. Even lifelong Conservatives who you live cropped by too far, former congressman Bob Bar, you know, a offensive junior with a little mustache, former congressman Bob Bar has the coalition trying to repeal the Patriot Act and provide a second ask of the initiative that would give police and the fence even more power to obey the privacy and rights of Americans. And the court has stepped in a number of times to repeal Ask Crop zele tree. Many of his high-profile arrests or of so-called terrorists have installed or been tossed out. Legal scholars said that justice department under Ask Crop is ennepped and unable to build cases against those in custody because they don't know the basics of building your case. And what about Ask Crop's high-profile taxpayer dollar gobbling and gobbling anti-phorography crusade? To date, the justice department has brought 43 cases to trial and lost every one. The most laughable was a high-profile trial against the Missouri couple for selling sex education video tips. It took a jury of 12 women, all between the ages of 40 and 60, less than three hours to deliver a verdict of not guilty. Sometimes in the future when historians are able to assess the record of the Bush administration without the lingering history of 9-11, John Ask Crop's tenure as attorney general of the US may be recognized as a greater threat to freedom than any explosive packed airplane slamming into a building. Ask Crop resigned yesterday by while the turret is gone, the two of his actions remain as a constant threat to the freedoms we once accepted as a guarantee in this country. That's for your friend Doug Thompson and capital Hullblubay, you can't stand. Okay. Good website, good guy. Right down in the middle, he doesn't pull any punches. He said that Bush and carry both suck. And he was right. Okay, let's take a quick peek at that website before we take the calls. We have an appointment for this hour. 560, 560, pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines. Now that the election is over, what I want most from the New Yorker show is 352 votes. Take a look. Are you learning anything from this poll? No. No. Back to front of the games under 13. Well that's number one. With two bullets. Huh? Right. More politics for the age. See, it's like we're stuck in between the hard-ass people who want us to do light bulb radio. And we're going to say that we're all going to be out of that. And those people are just want to like to get a few last night. First of all, how do you press him last couple of weeks of it? First of all, last week. Oh, brother. Man, would you go to there? We'll come up in Wednesday morning last week and felt like I had been kicked in the stomach by Harry Elefante. Good thing my saddest shirt up. Back to, yeah, they got a little handful for it. And then they also got some viox if that doesn't work. Back to front of games, 113, and more politics 58. It's fine to wait as 51. It's climbing up the ladder. I'll thank God for those people who want to look my cheeks. Thank you. Anything but politics 43, more crazy color 37, speaking of project. More bedtime stories 33. No color seems to be starting to make a little bit of a move. Five fewer colors five. See, no colors and fewer colors had those together. You got 10 already. It's not like a big movement, but fewer bedtime stories for and no more bedtime stories. So I guess that little Julio, your friend who's sitting there with his boyfriend and a big circle around the adjurks, he may be in the minority. They don't mind his mind. Maybe he's a kind of a girl who hated the record for a drink. And you know something? I know I know that you're wrong because he was, he was working the show one day when it was way back when last year. And he told me he didn't like the movie. You're wrong. I'm not wrong. You're very wrong. I'm not wrong. I'm not wrong. I'm not wrong. We talked about it. More like my copy. He loved it. Well, who'd have on my thinking now? I don't know. Oh, I know. There was someone. I know who it might be because he didn't like it because he probably can understand it. Right. Yeah. Well, maybe if he was just explaining to him, which part? The parwey had a big purple thing on his arm. Tinky wiki. Oh, Jim. Don't shoot. That. Oh, man. Poor Gerard Lee, but man. He and Jennifer and I, I still say she was so anorexic in that movie. You see, I don't want to go through it. I've been through it before. There's no hope. You know, there are a lot of people who are very desperate. I understand that and you know, whatever. See, a little glimpse of something. You know, they get all whipped up and new friends. He might as well see a little bit from her son from that looks good and get excited about it. Something looks like, you know, a shadow of what it really was. She was a hot spot as the movie. What a see for her. Oh, she, I love Jennifer Conley. She's great. And she is hot, but in that movie, she was like a little, uh, no, but I think I would deliver it. Oh, in fact, that one scene there really there was so little of her left. It wasn't really so much as to ask. It was cheek to cheek, you know, is it one of the. WQAM, hello. It's your one thin appointment. Yes, sir. Right on time. Great. Punchewall. Good job. I just two words on the next thing. Radio. It's up to her. Oh, yes. Is it? Oh, okay. What is that supposed to mean? Next one, Radio's the trail. Where did that come from? I don't know. Maybe that's what we go on. Radio's the reaction. What do you think? What brought his more out with the badge? Huh? Huh? What do you say? I would just love it. Oh. Next one is the Trosha South Action. Her's more subscribers than serious. I have no idea. Maybe that was one of the guys from serious. Well, let's see. Let's start the bidding in two million. Tell me QA and hello. Oh, yes, sir. Hey, George, is your turn? No. I'm a criminal. You're probably not so confident. I've ever been to John's. Tell me QA and hello. Hey, Neil, I get a promo for you. I'll follow up with the home on. Yeah. Listen to Neil and Never, let your leave your friend be on. That was cute. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Yeah, it gets a whole sympathy orchestra there. Maybe now we're cooking. Yeah. Let's get this election crap behind us. Okay. So it was fixed. It was rigged. Believe it or not, whatever you want to believe. It's over. Nothing else can change. Over again, spread in your legs. Yeah, they love it. They think it can, right? If it's not only fine, but they think it's fun. They think it's, you know, they're so used to it at this point. 560, 560, we got a whole bunch of appointments between now and two o'clock by them. We're getting them all in. We get like 20, 30,000. Because very few of the people on the floor saying fewer calls and no calls. How many people say like more crazy callers, 37, see? Which the more calls you take. No callers, six fewer callers will be five. See, it's bedtime stories. I got a great time. So even jellicles are credited in God with securing reelection victory for Bush. They've got intervene. I'm going to read that. Who all make credit? Huh? Who else would they credit? Oh, good. Not me. Let me say it again. We're very proud. We are pink and proud like a, like the NBC T-cock. And that is that all of the last areas where this show is heard, loud and clear. Uh, carry one heat, hands down your pants by a landslide. If we would have been like on serious revives in before the election, we could have been a factor, okay? We could have been a fear factor. And then they would have feared us. Right? Right. We could be impacted on amendment four on this show. We could have made some inroads because the people there know a high on some of those other websites weren't pretty good news because there's a vision watching propaganda on CNN and Fox and MSNBC where you don't get the MS. They ought to take the MSNBC, okay, because they sure don't get the MS. They have some fake around here on that was on Lou Dobbs last night on CNN. Given the song of the NBC wrote some book about Scalia who never stole a free train and suck enough to, oh yeah, well if we have a lot more justices like Stily and parents Thomas, so things will be great. In the United States, some crap like that. Hey, Lou Dobbs, you ain't kidding anybody, okay, you fascist big, you eat statistical pompous ass. And by the way, I still think Miss Hummers are in a closet. Self-heating, you know. 113, and 560, WDQ, anyone want to know more about following a low carb diet? You want the best tasting, business likes and low carb foods at the best price? And here's a story you will love on guarantee it. I'll bet you brings life on it. The likes of West Boca, whether you're starting or restarting the adkins, the sugar busters, the South Beach, any low carb sugar free diet. Sam can choke them about it. Oh man, the likes has always been the number one low carb store. There's no salt order. You know, I'll get the stroke of them about it. I'm thinking of those morangs. I'm going to the Louisian. They'll tell you. Oh, they're good. They taste fair. I remember them are low to withdraw your salt. Anyway, if you want your question, James, if I'm going to look up that again, say it to not the best in service, unbeatable prices come to be the likes of West Boca your low carb headquarters, where you'll find over 1200 delicious tasty products. I like carbolite ice cream. Brad's pasta chocolate brownies cookies and more. Open every day, seven days away from 10 am until 10 pm. You'll find the likes on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441. Right next to Boston Market. Remember Boston Market? Sure. I don't know you. Remember them. Call on toll-free. Do you like that? Is it 1-877 low carb? It's LOW. C-A-R-B-R on the web. It's low carb.com. And don't forget, there was only one device where it's focused. Your official Atkins retail center. More of a season meal, Rogers. The rest of the day, I want to ask the question. It's your 2-8-M. Do you plan to tell the truth at 5-6-0? W-U-A. I know the terrorist rights come in into the country. It got converted and we went to Maine. The smell how I wish I had that one, my turbines. Because they sent me a whole wave. I converted many years ago. That's when I changed my name from Kansas. Now the terrorist lie a month. Because my last name is in months. That's why they sent my blood rights back. Oh, I got my terrorist life. Has been into nothing. Nobody wants to see me on our planes. I didn't even try to light my shoe. The same nobody is straight. All the same, no peace, straight. The same, no peace, straight. I'm not sad, I'm the same. All my shoe is not in flames. The same, no peace, straight. We don't have Osama. We don't have Alzarkawi. We don't have Mula Bola Omar. We don't have any of these guns. We got catch David. He sent him back where he came from. He was 20 visits a year. He won't kill anyone again. That's right. But those awful songs. Even jellicles are crediting God. What's he carrying with you? He's on a race. He's on a race. He's on a race. It's okay. Oh, I'm not a way to move. He didn't like with Magnolia. That's right. Right? Right. So I need to do that. It would also be. Now it comes out. Now the truth finally comes out. You've been denying. If you try to make up that straight in like the ending. Back in a matter where you didn't like the movie. I like the movie. So David, hey did it. Lyr. You should have been at the press conference yesterday. Slicing the ballooning. Anyway. Did I say I was going to read this by Deborah Cousin on a great website by the way, Boatifnet. Leave that dot com. Did God intervene asks Deborah? On the day after President Bush was reelected to give much of the credit to his political adviser Carl Roe whom he called the architect of his campaign. But even in evangelical churches on Christian radio and in voter precincts dominated by conservative Christians, the credit is going instead of summon a whole lot more powerful. God. The Almighty intervened in the West election. He's evangelicals believed for a lot of Bush remained a president. They say God is blessed America with Bush and had said it to John Kerry been elected. God would have cursed the US. By allowing Bush to be reelected, God is going to America more time to stop it. Slide in the evil. This was Providence evangelical leader in presidential adviser Chuck Colson told the Leaf net. Anybody looking at the 2000 election would have to say it was in miraculous deliverance and I think people felt it again this year. He said by allowing Bush to stay in office Colson said, God is giving us a chance to repent and restore some moral sanity to work in life. I wonder if he was still behind bars when he was saying these things to our Colson. Richard Lange, the leading southern Baptist to participate in a weekly strategy call between the White House and evangelical leaders put it this way. Whoever one would have been God's will. But because Bush won Lord, told the Leaf net, God is truly shown a America his blessings. If Kerry had won, it would have for God was cursing the US. The Bible says God leadership is a sign of God's blessings and lack of God leadership is a sign of God's judgment too. I don't see Kerry as a godly leader he said. Meanwhile, the anxious Paul Wayward, founder of the Free Congress Foundation, and one of the original engineers of the Conservative Christian Public Revolution, wrote an essay claiming that God gave this president and this president's party one more chance. God heard the perfect prayers of millions of values voters to keep his hand on America one more time despite our national sins of denying the right to life despite ignoring the biblical injunction against acts which are an abomination of the Lord and despite the blatant attempt to remove God from the public square. Jim Rogers of the group mission America sent out an email that after the election saying yesterday America cried out and he heard from heaven answered our prayers. Praise God! Plenty of ordinary American evangelicals also believe that by law and Bush to be reelected God has given the US another chance. For months leading up to the election, many Christians nationwide prayed and fastened and never led by intercesses for America to assist in Bush's re-election. If we hear them before intercesses for America, no, we're needed now. Amen, I'm Mozayana Sheen, mother and house wife who led a weekly prayer group for the Pennsylvania Church who sold task was to pray about the election. For 40, then do good in Pennsylvania, I guess. For 40 days ending on November 2, she also participated in the inosugar fast. On election day, sounds like the act ends to me. On election day, she and paste back in 4th reading the Bible and her church, Doug Christian Fellowship in afraid of Pennsylvania as part of a Ronda clock 48-hour prayer vigil for the president. His re-election she said was God's signal that he's giving us more time to get our act together. I think this nation is going down the tubes very quickly, she said. The host town at a local polling place where public and committee woman Anne May wrestler said Bush's re-election would mean that God has answered our prayers and given us another chance. To go kill some people. Ressler said she had been reading the book of Jeremiah, which he believes parallels American history. When that nation got so bad, the Lord sent him into captivity, wrestler explained, we've done an awful lot of things in this country that are displeasing to God. Now that God has given him our act to time for much to be spared his wrath, even his real self-reveillance. This is why, for example, a group called Christian responses already said on an email with a subject-line emergency to induce supporters to blast Apple Hill with taxes containing Senator Arlin's specter that Republican Pennsylvania Senator who said last week, that judicial nominees who oppose abortion would face difficulty on a getting-centered confirmation. The family research council and focus on the family followed with the hours with emails entitled Stop Spector. Many evangelicals think America is secular and decadent and in cultural decline, they're all they believe is to stem that tide of menoeuvre culture. Many of these Christians seem to believe that God will be angry with them and with the internaition if they don't make big legislated changes, and so they put themselves on a shirt leash with God and they hope to convince them that they're Americans to do likewise. God is not going to tolerate the nation that thumbs it's no Zed and Colson says, this whole idea of scrubbing all religious influence out of public life and taking down the ten commandments and stopping prayer and not allowing people to talk about their faith for fear of offending someone, I don't think God honors that God's patience runs out. Their solutions seem to lie in Bush's presidency. He is one of those men God and paid some outlip of the four in terms of challenge, said New York Governor George Pataki in a high profile introduction of Bush at the Republican National Convention and in production almost certainly scrubbed it not written by the White House. Pataki in former New York Mayor Woody Giuliani both said twice that American should thank God that Bush was an office after 9. During a period after 9. Living Bush talked to being chosen by the grace of God to lead at that moment, according to Time magazine. World magazine a conservative Christian publication quoted one house official Tim Gogolain is saying, I think President Bush is God's man if his hour, and I say this with a great sense of humility. Papa Christian broadcasted Janet Partial told her listeners, God picked the right man at the right time for the right purpose. And General William Jerry Boykido got in trouble for the Roger to Reconytsi made about the fact that the president of the United States, argued that it must have been God his elected vote in 2000 since a plurality of voters had not. He's in the White House because God put him there for such a time as this. I thought it was a Supreme Court. It seems clear that the president himself believes that God is orchestrating American history and to 2003 National Prayer Breakfast for example, Bush said we can be confident in the ways of providence behind all of life and all of history. There's a dedication and purpose set by the hand of a just and faithful God. Because these sorts of beliefs arose with the founding of the nation and for a persistent uncertain Christians. There's a strong, constructable even on Protestant Christians at America's A vehicle for God's will. He says, if you scratch people enough below the surface, there's this belief that providence has a hand in everything that happens in America. And it turns like this it comes up because it's in the back of people's minds or hearts. Appearance believed they were establishing the new Israel and that their enterprise was guided by God. That they were God's chosen people headed for the Promised Land. But that metaphorical idea that America was a beacon began to mutate by the early 19th century. It would be believed that America was the literal instrument, the way to world transformation, to Christian democracy. It's been a powerful idea in American history and it usually lays Dorman Hank and says, but at times the language is so powerful that when positive things happen in the Asyvian jellicles, there's a tendency to fall back in the bad language. The last time this trample view was coming was during the Reagan administration before then it was the Cold War struggle of the 50s. It was very difficult for evangelicals to stop short of saying God was on our side, Hank and says, not only evangelicals by the argument however, or in McManas a rising evangelical leader who leads a Los Angeles church called Mozik, leaves this interpretation short said in isolationist. What we really need to ask is what choices do we make that's your humanity the best to reflect the value system the Bible teaches? How do I believe the most suffering? How do I do the most good? How do I give people the best options of the life they should live? How do I create a culture of life? McManas say, Reggie's an independent who voted for Bush, so as members of his conservative evangelical Bible center church don't believe God intervened in the election. The rabbi changes 25 and they represent 57 nations. They feel embarrassed when they hear language of sound a leadist because that isn't Christian then, McManas says. But that is not how many evangelicals understand their language. They consider it fair warning. Land looks in the Old Testament for proof. When God's people were idolatrous and rebellious he said, Justice, sometimes evil kings and sometimes foreign car carcasses he says. I've said I know more occasions that if God were to allow his chosen people to be taken off into captivity don't think he won't judge the US he said. I like that. So God gave us Bush, okay? Which is the way that expressions can't from him? God can't say that. Love God be a choice, sir. And she's a lady of the cloth. And you know what you can do with that cloth? You turn 28 after one at five, 60 WQA. And if you're carpeting looks like maybe a few of those got dropped in there. Maybe they did, maybe a phyto have a little bad stomach. Or maybe who not only knows what's in that carpeting speaking to God. Thry concepts is the place you want to call to sanitize your home because you're carpeting like I always tell you. Next year's impact even more than you're sink. There's more bad germs in your carpeting than anywhere in your home, even your turlet. And what comes to having your carpeting, your furniture, your drapery, your area and oria. It will be a clean and looking and feeling and smelling just like brand new. Nobody anywhere does it for your light ride concept. That's why I've used it in my home for over 20 years. And you shouldn't even dream of using anybody else. And just recently there was an expose and local TV about those five manufacturers, Game artists and the carpet cleaning business people are giving a big solid advance. Pretending to give you a bargain. And then rip you off like crazy. And of course on top of it, do a cramp job anyway. God concepts does this spectacular job. It looks like they had brand new carpeting lathe in the floor when they finished. And it give you a written guaranteed price up front before they see it. The work no scans, no BS, just a stupid industrial of each and every time. Give me a call once you'll ever use anybody again. I guarantee I've got you a great life on it. And they'd routed in a Palm Beach is called ride concepts tool free. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 on a web at strikeconsets.com course. Ride concepts making carpets brand new look and in clean sense. 1979 all over South Florida. Everybody organization mail-orders, mornings and f 젯 investigates. First summer is once in Cold Colombia. First Sunday and remember that present and new and fundamental E. After the free flow of the Cape Tires Forces knowing the truth.. This is the religious thing, was not for me. They held the big convention, and they became more free. But, if I turned from when I don't like the end of what I was about to see. They were speaking in tongues at all, that they be a very good, well-known, well-known, which kind of fun, well-known, well-known, well-known, you shitty self- dlategoing. My dream is to seek it out of està eardrums. We got to retrieve it by doing it from side to side. It will do it and pull it down by hand. It will do it- You control it so well, now you can reach the味ce. I bet my tongue should be For everyone, whatever I do will feel for you, me I love now I speak in front of you That makes me a very liberal And I'm having fun Playing now with time now I'm actually getting close Tell them that I'm not a good person We don't really want to touch it What? Thank you Mr. President for those Oh, the whole gas prices And for that strong American dollar Why? We're going to have an 83.69 a Canadian dollar A couple years ago with who had 62 cents You were going to have to have almost 84 cents I think they're doing just this by me, you know Fastuits Anyway, time in Fort Lauderdale says Republican Party is so laugh that they're just right and unfortunately The rest of us are going to pay a hell of word both in infringements of celebrities and we do personal safety when traveling abroad Absolutely correct As the rest of the world has started, hit Americans like poison Thank God at least Gaze won't be able to get married That'll be such a comforting consolation While I watch the flag wave confidence coming back from Fludja Oh, wait a minute, I almost forgot they won't let the press show that he says Time to brush off the old slogan Better dead than red, it's certainly has been never true A more true talk You got it, Tommy, go to your thumb on it But you better take that thumb off Because we'll say him in is is watching you now, okay? Used to be John S. Crop now it's Jose Jimenez He's dead, isn't he Bullardina? I'm sure he is Why you say that? Because that's a hundred years ago My name? Jose Jimenez, he was good, he was fine Even the same thing else, but that's all he said Kind of like the dead LaBazard thing on ESPN yesterday When it would make him fight with his Guaya bear and they were singing balladoo And I don't see what he got off of it I think they listen to the show Right? Where else was Dan LaBazard before two and such terms And Lucy and Babalu, we were only here A lot of people, you know, even dropping on the show They don't want to go to a letter to check the 10-day window on CNBC You know what I was thinking before? What? Because it's getting me, pond-riss, you know, just talking to the same people Every single day, it's just I was thinking like taking a full member, we're going to do a full page ad For whatever the reason was, and you were saying that What was that all about? Oh, and the way I had something to do with the SEC, remember that? Yeah, more wasting our time. Just take it out and add to promote On yourwatchers.com Okay So just with it, just with it, just with that WWWWD.com, that's all we have to say Okay Is that even a picture of your pussy? No, I don't want to picture my pussy Oh, we got one of those, oh, we got one of those Get the ground show glasses and a big nose and mustache Forget about that Well seriously, you don't think that's a good idea Sure, well I scare her, he could do it all He couldn't handle the whole thing, I'd pay for it How much was it like five grand? Hmm, I do it Have paid full page whatever would cost That's all it has to say Right? Right? Can you imagine the attention that we get The Zidians of people would be listening online Who would discover the website who would like to be hit on it every day? Huh? Who would be checking out the beaten curtain every day? Oh, right Hey, I know what you're saying I mean there's so many different things on there Both of the brothers says Bill Dana is alive See, there you go, and you're here and ever again You know, first you tell me they've known you're sucks And now you tell me Bill Dana's dead He's like, yes sir Or fine, he's gonna do the live? Yeah Ha ha ha ha ha Yeah Dominic, you way in, hello You're high in here? Yes sir Did I do a lot of what if I ask you something There was an article in yesterday's US day I don't know if you're sort about how cat-feeding He was given an award He was a poor, a peaceful man of a year Not that care was maniac Yes, man The one incident is the same Oh no Anybody seems to be afraid of being a threat to our national figure That's a sure man Anybody that seems about peace, that's the real care Is right there, he's trying to throw you off the track It's not really as you're something He's something And I'm being serious Do you feel like you're going to retire Or do you think somebody has to see this And a friend of mine who has to take people like yourself Or fear Are we heading that way? I'm going to be serious What do you mean people like myself Off the air? How do they take somebody off the air? The FCC looks like they've been there What do we want to show down so much now But I don't give many opportunity Okay, we don't even say crap much less take one I mean what? What are they going to find me for now? We don't do anything Well, you never know They just change the rules They don't be day-to-day You're telling me like I don't know that I don't know I don't know I don't know what the day change is I'm going to be a crazy bitch Joyce over there in corporate headquarters And they say jump back to steps She jumps back 30 You know what I'm saying? Let me ask you one other thing Go out, not we know who that is We know who that is We know who that is trying to put through We know it's hurting channel But who do you think is going to become the new You know what he calls it? Who do you have to get it stuck down the How are we secretaries? Yeah, we're secretaries I'm here at Commerce, probably Jim Baker Not Jim Baker the lawyer But Jim Baker the evangelist What if you're paling hanging there? Yeah Jim Baker, he's good with numbers, right? Sure. From a look at who Yeah? Or maybe you have Miss Kamal when she gets out She's pretty good with numbers? Young numbers? You're listening to a new Roger You're a man of the school You're a man of the school On 566 Are you a... I stand in front of you now Two years later and say it took me a little while A little slow learner But Neil, I apologize It's way Neil You are the truth I'm not a cold here The number one raided in the Moja And they've been in his own And in the police According to my aspirations You're a liar I don't even know how you have children They're a ball alone And I want your take on J.P. Oh, J.P. Is a great court of I can a good joke I like J.P. Well, not the majority He's got extraordinarily smooth The cops Oh yeah Oh yeah He's going to be gentle with you say he is Oh, he's a bit of a thank you mom No, no wait a minute Oh go I have nothing else to say Oh, about this I was the way the down there in the mirror I'm right down the street Some you I have to go Oh, I know, I've got a way By the way, he's not No, I have to go I told you what I'll hold you over and I break How's that, man? I'll give you one of my old The tentation Just that I'm not way true That was the only call that we had The thing that he knows is Always again Come to play Call아니 Go by That's what the guy at Corbus Go go goes Oh no I know My no She doesn't know Youусов Who? It's hard to do Take your light away This pomegranateThat toron Cause you golden apple Smaller capo My head Gallera That's a gold. That's a gold. That's a gold. That's a gold. Oh, 46. I had W2 and bad news though on that Scott Peterson trial is that we're supposed to care which we are but I don't. Journal number five has been dismissed now. You know which one that is? That work. That was one that was like picked to replace the other during it was dismissed and I'd sure number five has been dismissed. Does anybody care? No, man. To see you crazy people in the media, you saw the old jail deal. You could milk air with one of these deals that comes up. There's milkier than McMan that was alien, you know. There's only one problem with this. I don't care how many panels that were king puts on a year. Would Nancy that bitch grace when I fully said it and draw. Nobody cares except a few shut-ins. You know what I should do, Shadow and Housewives? No, but you care? So? Josh, you care about Scott and Lacey Peterson? Oh, exactly. I care more about like Paul Peterson. Number Paul Peterson? My dad. Remember that? No. To bed. Five hundred twenty-eight votes. Now that the election is over, what I want most from the New York show is. Back to fun and games. One hundred fifty one. All right. It's fine. Wait, it is one hundred twenty-one. Let's make it a move. More politics seventy one. Get serious now. Sirius. Just keep saying that. Sirius. Spill it right. Anything but politics sixty-three. More crazy colors like. That's fine. Hi. 50 seven. More bedtime stories 41. Lot of that pond was reading, man. We want more. No colors, 11. Fewer colors. Five. Fewer bedtime stories, five. No more bedtime stories, great. See so much else in a minority. One day time haste to react like that. You like it because I'm not like you like it. Because they're interesting. Oh. Cuz they're reading so well, right. Because I don't mind the humble and thumb tree in the half year, you read them. I don't have to. I see This thing you just asked me here here's another America example see I can't even know this is read it. I'm because I'm tongue-type from it No example of America's lost its way The headline on this story from Corvallis, Oregon Trojan's come from behind against beavers. I don't like that What's the guy only knows what's gonna be happening next this is only about football? God they let us sure Trojan's come from behind against beavers my ass Man Dominique Berg or Emma's even worse Dominique Berg called two touchdown passes and Reggie Bush. This can't be for real. This is gonna be a Oh, huh? I've saw the opponent Dominique Berg called two touchdown passes and Reggie Bush returned upon 65 yards for a score as the top ranked Southern California Trojan's came from behind Welcome against the beavers of Oregon states opposed to 28 to 21. That is the most unbelievable I thought it was that sport is much of perfect. That's it That is disgusting. What the hell is God gonna think about that? Oh, right. How's our land or doing? What if he ever looked for this boyfriend? Yeah, so many closet cases and so little time Maybe he can run for governor of New Jersey So he's people up there in Union City that they go to big oh WQAM hello Hey, you don't know all right, pali. I learned and going great. I got two things for you. You're so well I know I'm gonna get the last on this but as normally Has he done anything? Yeah, I mean at least a quieter about it You might remember in the godfather after Santino got the shot in the causeway Yeah, and Tom Hagen was sitting there talking to him and telling him that the sunny just got set on the causeway and and down Coroleal gives the I want to all inquiries made never that yeah all inquiries are being made Really, yes, he's living food queries all our memories are being made. Yes, they are The other thing is During the commercial flip it around me I come across that other speech that course and they go into that one other station is that So they go to the 90 yeah, they go in that corny music lately They got a break news and they come up with the The Dave walks that story and he goes there's a new sheriff And I Like okay, I listen and he goes But the criminals are wearing all the scene uniform Well, sounds pretty simple evening to me who's had Daniel Bastard on those guys the only him We've been that is your rosemen. It's all they got they have nothing else They're little for a quick regret or Vini. He's a weenie. I mean forget about him. He's got no no following. He's got nothing He's nothing to table I can't wait to hear all those bits of dirty bits on a serious Okay, Tommy that's our slow bit of 2004 get serious Well, what happened to his phone there? I think huh? Did you hear that? Yeah? Wow, that was exciting Yeah, all encorries have been made and of course, you know, I'm examining my options Right stalks are options that is correct Jerry Falwell plans for evangelical revolution I'd be surprised if he gets the thick and tinky link you off the Roger this. It's commlusive like on five I don't think I was hit I'm not worried about some of the life kind of one of those Regions of course we worry about a something line We're on the hunt after a something line we're using every asset out of this nozzle to get a sound in line I don't know where he is. No, you know, I just don't stand in this timeline. I'll be down this with you and and you know I don't know where he is I'm repeating what I said. I truly love that concern about him