Hey Joe, put me in such a mean guy. Most of you are a mean man. Tell me who you am. My enemy for Dlerj. Quit being an old meanie Joe. Come on. Yes, he's seen. What word did you say? What word did you say? What word did you say? What word did you say? What word did you say? What word did you say? Oh, Jack. No, Jack. There's will be the field down our half-know-beat. You can touch the ground on new eyeball. So put your glass eyeball down. There's a place you can be at the flatters. There's a special today for some fingers. It's double-doodle-on-day in your buying. Listen to and part you'll find. You can use their new X-press line. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, andzo… it. is garve t a League. Can we say that? No, I'm taking a p. P. Going. And of course my little bathroom, my second bathroom is only a few feet away from this lovely little studio. And I'm playing that dolphin song, a KJ dolphin song that everybody loves about the dolphin's stink and this in it. And in the middle of it he says 50,000 p.p. polls sitting in the stands and I thought, Oh no. Now George of course being Johnny on a spot and being panicky as he should be. Dumped it. Right. I think. Well I'm pressing the dump button just to react. Just really hell of it. Just to make sure. Like every 15 seconds of. Right. Just to make darn sure that nothing bad gets on a year. Oh listen. I find out this morning that the list is growing and of course they don't want to give us any specifics. Well you give it a shot. Take your best shot and then let's you know afterward whether you said something bad or not. Anybody who really believes there's free speech in America anymore, you're crazy. You have to you're suitable. You need to be in a rubber room somewhere. You can't say squats or the new deal is we can't say G-DAM. Modernity house to a phrase or we can't say god. We can say god bless America. But that's the newest one. We're still trying to get a ruling. They're having a confab somewhere. We're having a ruling on crap. Can we say crap as of now? Well, I wouldn't still say crap. That bit that we have by Bob and Tom Hedge shampoo. I don't think we can only say head if you're going to go. I don't think we can say under any circumstances. No, you're going to go take a leak like I said before and go to the head. Now I think you or he's got a good head on his shoulders. Can we say that? You have to say not get head in shoulders if we had advertising for that. She's just like that farting horse and a super bowl commercial. If there's money to be made then you can say whatever you want. And it's okay. I thought there was money to be made. What in crap? In a yeah insane crap. Well, look at what we're doing. Here's the appell result from Friday. 2475 votes. Then they're 20 darned. They're 2,500 votes. We can still say damn. We just can't say damn. G damn. Toro, which of these people places are by the way aerial sure own nice job on our roadmaps. We'd heart. He's doing it. Oh man. Oh no. And now they word is today that they're so whipped up into a frenzy. They want his head on a plate. Oh, I pay money to see that. Or it'd be a kosher plate? I don't know. But it'd be a hell of a big head. It's a good thing they don't want his whole body on a plate, man. I think they have to use a platter. Which of these people places or businesses do you think is the most overrated, mostly hype we asked in our pool? George W. Bush, 446. And Richard Clark says he's a freaking liar. I freaking an f and liar. He's what he said about El Presidente. Howard Stern, 281. Joe's, I can still do that as of now. Now tomorrow I'm not too sure. We're going to get some more clarification for you. Just wait for about. Joe Stone, crab 209. Perisultant 172, Russel, and ball 158. South Beach, overrated 150. Ronnie Ragan, 82, Walmart, 80. Walmart, number one, on the Fortune 500 biggest, most grave robbing business in the world. Larry King 70. Disney 70, Rosio Donald 65. Ricky Tickey, Sanchez 64. The Outback steak house 60. I'm surprised it's an open-out hostility at the Outback. Better for 51. Donald Trump 49, Plender Hollywood 49, Hard Rock Cafe, F-41. The Rascal House 38. Alex Penelas 37. Saw Grass Mills Mall 36, Jimmy Buffett 36, Alien Gonzalez, Alien Edo 35. Paul Castredova 34. Simon Cal 26, WQA M25. The Bahamas 23, Smith of Alenski 17, the Swap Shop 16. Niagara Falls 13, Bayside 11 Chuck E. Cheese 11, George Lucas 9, and the Sequoium coming in last place pulling up by the rear, and three for the Miami Sequoium. So that's quite a list of places that people think are highly overrated. That whole state of mind thing, you know what we left off at are the forge. The forge on the beach, you're right. It's another state of mind. I mean, if you don't know anybody in there to Schmier, if you don't know the matter to do, they sit in that room way in the back. The one where a few people got shot. And I think it was in the front they got shot. But at any rate, they sit your way there in a back. And the services just pathetic because they figure some kind of a slipper that shouldn't be there in the first place. And then when you get those, those microwave potatoes, that's the best. What are they? This was years ago, many years ago, maybe they really bush up their rack. Is that? Oh, no. How much teeth killed an air strike? Oh, as the Israelis once again, aerial shrew on opens up the floodgates of hell. That's what the Arabs are saying today. Shek Ahmed Yasin, spiritual group of spiritual head of the Pelsman militant group Hamas, was killed. He was butchered. Smashed a smithorines that in Israeli earthquake. He was targeted as he returned from a mosque in Gaza City at daybreak. Reports that he was being pushed in his wheelchair when he was directly hit by a missile. Good hit, by the way, but not good timing. Two bodyguards and one of his sons who reported to be among those killed at least 15 people were wounded. Those pinnany as bystanders. Can we say, ah, sorry. Oh, let me ask you about that. At the funeral procession of Gaza City, mortars jostled the touchy-yossians coffin, which was written in a green Hamas flag. Gunman wearing Hamas had banned fired shots in the air. Kind of like in Hailea. They said today they killed an Islamic symbol and now they're saying every house in Israel will be a house of death. They're saying they're pledging that the stuff is really going to hit the fan now and they want aerial serones head on a plate. I didn't make that up. That's what they're saying. You know, then? Yeah, they're saying. So the entire Arab world, even those people that weren't all that crazy about Hamas in the first place, they're all like bonding together now. So Sharon is doing for the militants in the Middle East. He's doing for them what Bush did for Osama Yamanah. Oh, go ahead and attack Iraq and just turn the whole Arab world against you and just turn the Iraq into a hotbed of terrorism. So I did watch Richard Clark. I have the audio on tape, which we will play today from CBS to 60 minutes. So I guess that you know, Paul O'Neill and Richard Clark, all of these people. They just want to sell a book and they must be it. Yeah, that's what the writers will tell you. Oh, they're just making it up. Look at the timing. His book is coming out today. They just want to sell a book. Hey, what's the job in the carry? Right. That must be it. In connection with Richard Clark, well, let me first give you the poll today. Let's hop right on that. With all the SEC crap going on and of course it's a good thing that we can still say crap as of today. I mean, maybe tomorrow we couldn't take this poll. Hey, we could have a we have to say tomorrow with all the SEC stuff going on. But being a vulgar and a potty mouth, I just can't I can't say stuff. You know, when I want to say crap, we should make it the word of the day while we can say it. Right. That's right. When I want to say crap, I don't say stuff. I'm going to go take a stuff. Until we can't say that with all the SEC crap going on, Neil should and I've got five choices on here and I've did I leave anything obvious out. I don't I don't know what the other options are. Nothing obvious. Retire. Keep going as best he can. Just keep ripping motion ass. See now we can still say ass today. Play music or go back to all bedtime stories. Those are the five choices on the poll today. Daisy, Fuente's behind the beaded curtain today if you're over the age of 80. And you swear I never look at it again. Daisy Fuente's and look I told you when you click on it that beaded curtain thing there on our website. Be sure and keep your eye on John Ascotch eyes they're moving around. He's monitoring you. Newsweek magazine is learned that in the months before 9.11. The US does the department curtail the highly classified program called catchersmith to monitor alcatta suspects in the US after a federal judge severely chancedize the FBI for improperly seeking permission to march have terrorists. During the Bush administration's first few months in our office attorney general John Ascotch downgraded terrorism as a priority choosing to place more emphasis on drug trafficking and gun violence report investigated correspondent Michael Iscotch and assistant managing editor Evan Thomas in this week's Mark Twynon issue of newsweek which is on the newsstands today. Let me say again ask off wanted more emphasis on drug trafficking and gun violence to let it in put rush on the slamer that would have been good pop in all them oxies. Oh brother they sure had their priorities right and of course they also left out of this to show you how that liberal media's covering things up again covering up naked statues and drug trafficking. You know what I mean? That's right. You know what this is like a dream this is like a nightmare that never ends. We're going along singin' a song doing our thing all of these years and then all of a sudden like oh what you can't do this anymore and you sure can't do that and you can't say this. Anybody's getting fine and suspended and fired left and right and the public is like woo woo woo woo woo woo. Remember like that. First like that and then the main stream media other than 60 minutes the main stream media is just uh I'm gonna go and I'm with the agenda just bring in that cash register make it as much money as they can and that's it. Now I'm garring damn tia out here in Darantia that if it was c in end they were after for some crap they put on here or for some stuff they put on here uh then all of a sudden you'd be seen oh my goodness they're after us they're free to miss beaches gone and what are we going to do about this maybe they be screaming around a clock 24 seven but they're not and they're sure not after Fox News although see what I'm thinking is that maybe some people ought to start protesting just like the steering people are protesting Oprah which will get to that start protesting all those racie shows on the fox entertainment that work as opposed to the fox right wing news network right what go through on come through on and see just how many fines they get and how many licenses they lose at fox for all of that unacceptable left wing coming pinko radical rabbit homo stuff that they put on fox entertainment so they can make the money to fund group or Murdoch's right wing agenda anyway you catch my drift so far though repeated i'm drifting 10 13 at 5 60 WQM you're on believable station for the uh new millennium hey listen we just can't say nothing no more and then we're code we gotta look at today a front page article from Saturday sunset no by little Tom jica which Tommy you know see this is one of the reasons I don't like doing those things no more is because Tom means well and I appreciate the coverage of the issue and uh the stop at CC dot com plug in his other story but at least get it right i didn't say QM has stripped my uh this and taken away i said based on the FCC uh vagueness and rulings now i can't play all of the stuff normal but he puts it in such a term to kind of create like an adversarial relationship which we already have one of those anyway get it right Tom but thanks anyway 10 13 at QM hey if your fat is a cow and just about everybody in their brother in America is balance for life isn't tough to stick to like most of those other so-called diets because balance for life is the premier meal delivery service based on the zone diet by doctor bear issues and they deliver all that delicious prepared food right your doorstep i'm not talking about prefabricated garbage no crap in your little sack three delicious fresh meals two snacks every single day so with all that food five feeding today you can't really say you're on a diet so try to yourself the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet and don't settle for limitations imagine there's no no cooking no cleaning no calorie counting not even any carbohydrate counting and people on balance for life are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month the zone diets been proven to lower diabetes high cholesterol and high blood pressure too i think what they mean is lower your blood sugar is what they're saying i don't know how your lower diabetes and if you ever wanted to try the soft beach that hears you chance balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because balance for life is the only meal delivery company that offers you menu choices let you go from phase one to phase three of the anxious soft beach diet so feel the difference either results on the scale just about right away if you're frustrated if you're fat it's unhealthy trust me do it before you become diabetic believe me if i've ever told anything true that's the true right there column toll free one eight six six two two five forty five forty three that's one eight six six two two five forty five forty three or check out their website balance for life dot com my my my my my love this is for is that this is actually in hell yeah but that is going on in truck it's a race of and max So I won't stop by when they're so happy You're not there to tell me that you're so sick That's the only thing I'm lucky What's going on you, boy? We're gonna be the real day And let's bury that head And let's see you turn We're gonna bury that head Okay Stop MCC.com We're doing really well on their floor There's a very strong current effect We're right on California's ass at the moment Ricken some big move in there I just took a look at it I see your boy Miguel sign on that It's good to put that on here Yeah, yeah, no he came in to say hey I just signed the thing go look and see if my name is going to go Nice going The Gallicors that means he's gonna fall out of favor And he Hispanic community Although probably not because even our good close personal friend over there at that no speaking in L.A. Station, Joe Ferrero At Radio's L.S. He's quoted in this time's at Article 2 I'll get to the article and a whole bunch of stuff Then we got the audio from the Richard I don't know whether we really need to play that Don't you think everybody saw 60 minutes last night Oh, I know we really need to play I'm just it's just in the show Just throw the bags Here's a little tease Right now See there you are No not Really why they hit you right? Why they hit a light word Leslie's stall do that piece I mean it's like the future of the world Is hinging in a balance and they got Leslie's stall Who's okay like maybe doing cooking recipes or interviewing Martha's store He's so embarrassed He's so embarrassed and so soft and more She's weak, weak That was one for Mike Wallace to be doing Right or Ed Bradley Or Ed Bradley Or Ed Bradley Yeah Ed would have been great Yeah that would have been a dynamite With a little earring a museum But anyway So nice going Miguel Don't I'm telling you right now And please don't take this lightly And there are going to be some people say Well, you know they're going to get a few thousand signatures And what do I mean? We got almost 67,000 signatures on there now Does our friends scot up there in New York I'm stuck at CC.com And if some stuff are grandizing Pomp is fools on a year Would spend more time promoting that thing Instead of just making a link on their websites We'd have hundreds of thousands already You need to get together with Eric Okay Man No listen to me Okay I'm serious Remember the so far campaign I did INZ many years ago S.O.F.A.R. Save our first member rights We need to be kind of let only for the purpose of raising some money We need to get together with Eric And maybe even Norma Kent Because what we did was we had to create a corporation Okay Because I don't want people sending in checks Made out to me that's bad In fact we got enough of how much is leave No seriously And set up a corporation like that And then take the money and buy ads And I'm talking in the next month Within the next month And buy ads In like I'm thinking you will save a day Okay I'm telling you where else I might even think about putting I know this is disgusting But you don't want the Fudge Report on that website With all the people that view that every day And put the banner up there Stop at CC.com You see what I'm saying? I do So you and Eric need to brainstorm Because I don't have the I'll be more than happy to make a nice donation To start it like a grand or a grand It's like that But if we can raise maybe like 50 grand And then we need to find out what the rates are Like and you will say today And on New York Times That's what we did before Only this would be just for the purpose of promoting the message It's on here on this website And then the actual website It's upstop.cc.com So we can get that mid in signatures Because at the rate we're going now It's going to take months and months and months to get to a million Because there just isn't enough publicity for this thing I think I read somewhere that our bell promoted over the weekend And he showed but Most of his people are on a new planet That's the problem It takes a long time for their messages to get here But stop and think about one other factor That makes it so difficult If you're working for cheap channel If you're on one of their stations Are you going to go on here on promote stop.cc.com No way Jose I don't think so Not unless you think you can sneak your signature Or either you're not going to find out about it See what I mean But if you're like a well-known personality I'm one of the cheap channel stations You're not going to go on here and promote stop.cc.com Even though you should Because that would their corporate people have a cow Is what they've had Here's the fact that this is last week I've fact that stating was ironic you could say G damn but not other words Yeah last week we could say the whole thing Now I can only say G damn G I guess the Bible thumpers woke up he said Now it's got nothing to do with the Bible thumpers It's got to do with our corporate attorneys Over there in Fort Myers-Napels Where we'd better hang it out in a ranger Says dog shut lie used to the Lord's name And event Neil Gnivey Neil God Oops, Neil Neil Oh, uh-uh-uh Neil God Coming out When and out Cut it out Tom Jick or right on Saturday on the front page of the Sun Sentinel Thanks again Tom but next time get it right I just don't like being miscoded He did that to me twice he did that in the first article And then he did it to me again And I never said that well forget about it That this QAM has stripped mine my occasionally whisky program Does that sound like what I would say? No first of all QAM that never got a smart To figure out what I mean we got 5000 comedy bits in here Do you think that they went through the thing and all No It's just based on what the SEC rulings are right now And based on the corporate interpretation of the same Which we're desperately trying to get some clarification It's a hell of a deal All you people listening to me right now when you go to work every day You have to beg your employer to say to tell you what it is that you can do And you can't do you know? I give you driver cab. Okay boss how fast can I drive today? I would say About thirty me Even on the i75 on a thirty Because there's no stop signs While we're in the same pickle here now the FCC has got these vegan ambiguous Roarlings are making up as they go along your BD to curtail free to mspeach To curtail your ability to enjoy your entertainment radio TV pop up posters Cable next satellite radio TV next internet next There's no ending it Time's at your right. Sound Florida radio host warned to clean up acts to avoid fines Just in tinkerbell might as well have turned up the arangers radio playbook when he ripped away part of Janice Jackson's top during the Super Bowl half time show petrified by the specter of draconian new penalties from the FCC up to five hundred thousand dollars per Offence her broadcast in decency. Sound Florida station managers have tightened the rules on what air talent may say Rogers who has been the dominant personality in the mimey for the market for more than a quarter century But third man says his employer WQM has virtually strip mine is occasionally risk a program. That's not what I said But anyway they've taken away about seventy percent of my comedy bits at Rogers that again is not what I said Who has been given a new list of forbidden words that's true which includes trademark epithets he's used thousands of times over the years Which of course is those are in addition to the infamous seven taboo words George Carl and once coined in the comedy routine which became an official part of broadcast law. I have about five thousand comedy bits in the computer said Rogers earlier this week How do you listen to everyone to see if something that is now forbidden is in it? I find myself auditioning bits during my breaks to make sure There are right before I put them on I've been playing some of these things for twenty five years and suddenly they say I can't do them any more The ripple effects of also reach Spanish language radio with its own new list of forbidden words I backed myself into a corner How finished this after the break okay because I don't want to like after rush through it. Did he say rush? Okay, right. I don't have the proper pills here to you know be able to talk fast enough and no helium either 1026 at five sixty WQM your Station for the Millennium It's really it's who could have ever believed this you know? I think I've ever dreamed this and an additional which who could have ever dreamed that the response would be so like Nambi pambi you know, oh gee It's it's scary but then again you're in America I'm not don't tell you that really did an crappy job are you overpaid underworked What did I say? I always think about Todd REC are you underpaid an overworked Maybe like to have a new high-paying career, but you just don't have the cash or the four years to waste on college If this sounds like your situation that you're in right now if you're struggling Pick up that phone and call fast train today and change your life in a really positive way called 1-866 fast train They can have you train in certified for a great new high-paying computer network professional career by a summertime By the middle of the summer you can be fully trained already for that new job by like say July or August Fast train offers dating weekend classes to fit around your schedule Fast train offers job placement assistant semifin actually the people who qualify to Fast train got seven convenient locations to serve you so don't wait Change your life today by making one easy phone call how simple can it be for you even if you're simple yourself Call them today at 1-866 fast train and like I said by late summer middle summer whatever You can be on your way to a great high-paying career in a big fat paycheck that goes along with it And who doesn't like a big fat one? I'll check them out of the web at fast train dot com and then make that call 1-866 fast train By the local this is 560 The radio's on your channel QEM L. I. 60 W. K. May And then the Lord said let there be life and more there was life from the same people who brought you the much below talking Bible Comes a new 10 volume set brilliantly updated before the eighties Yes, it's the wrapping Bible That was dark everywhere then the man said lying life was there. He said I've done good There's no doubt on the seventh day He just chill out Genesis Beginning of that beginning of this finally the good work is best and he's where it is Master check it out It's a town called Sodom and the woman everybody funny like look tomorrow God look down say now my fault don't look back or you turn to saw Watch white to the beat started to freeze the cow came up and next I see take a link You're a machine. You're a legend all the song all the parables every sacred biblical word Interpreted by the finest suckers in season of all time Genesis Rapping by both making his way fresh again 33 boy those markets are in a precipitous drop today. I'll tell you that I think that round, but we're not allowed to I'm a you burn. I would make a sound effect about don't do it The ripple effects rights Tom Jick and also reach Spanish language radio with its own new list of forbidden words Oh before finish this column I got two more choices for our poll today With all the FCC crack going on Neil should I got two more do a sports show oh yeah or doing a hockey show Come on Eric let's get those two on here get a lot of votes rememberable vote for the hockey show then he can replace you Sure come on if something do next you ain't gonna be no season on before finish jick is column the Panther organization once again pissing off people from coast to coast It's kind of like there in some kind of a contest to see if they can have like an empty arena by the 10th of the last game They now have what they called the Lexus parking spaces the four rows double rows which is the closest to the escalator going to be arena Which used to be when you and keep in mind that the people who pay for the good parking there. They pay extra for that. I think it's 10 bucks a game But no you can't park there no mole because now those good spots are the Lexus area You have to be driving Lexus and you also have to pay on top of that Yeah, so if the game I think it was a buffalo game on Saturday. I got a spy report And they had a pretty good crowd cuz they were given up given away the one go something or rather give away some free stuff So people brought their kids and they showed up, but you know people that don't really care about the game But if there's something free they'll be there and there were like 10 Lexus is parked in there out of about 600 park in spots Everybody else had to walk an extra 100 to 200 yards to get to the escalator and a lot more people are pissed off and fired up See I hate to break the news to Alan Cohen most people don't drive a freaking Lexus. How do you like that you idiot? God Airbnb time they get a chance they turn around to do something to piss off the fans for example There was a game a week or two ago when it was raining cats and dogs And so people come into the arena with their umbrellas. Well guess what? Can't have it umbrella That's a weapon can't bring it umbrella in here, so the people had to go back to their cars stashed their umbrella and then come waltzing back into the arena in the pouring rain getting soaked Maybe we ought to do a pull on that some more ideas so that we can have nobody at the escorting of heads in South Florida Anyway The only problem said talk to your host and week a Santos on Friday is that an English word is the same for anybody who speaks to language But depending on the country a word in Spanish can be their harmless or incredibly offensive when a Palabra in Espanol Santos and his sidekick whose Joe Ferrero have been held up as local heroes since they made a prank called to Vidal Castro nine months ago There morning show on wxdjlsoul ff95.7 is the most popular on Spanish language FM radio The coconut grow based Spanish broadcasting system which owns wxdjls Has distributed the list of 21 words mostly references to sexual and expatory organs and functions that can no longer be set on the air Some of these are so offensive Santos said one would have to be an idiot to use them however The second generation Cuban Americans said the list included one word that the dictionary defines is the female sexual organ for Cubans the same word Although an explodive has a different meaning and is commonly used in every language don't say what it is please you Can say our show has some colorful content the way I never thought it was offensive said Santos who considers the FCC's reaction to the Janet Jackson stop a witch hunt Everybody in industry has scared it up because of the outrageous fines the FCC's imposing he says he says I'm not a millionaire I don't want to take the risk through to I want the FCC he was me as an example Does that always say the example However critics say the FCC's refusal be specific about what is permissible now is left broadcasters in uneasy on a unfair position That's the only correct one new guideline according to the FCC is what an average adult judge's material to be offensive Where do you find the average adult Rogers asked what is an average adult against the FCC will decide to play at safe station to having extremely cautious and addition to the banished comedy bits and words WQM told Rogers he can no longer broadcast flatulent sounds There's one thing I can interject here, okay remember the raspberry guy that used to call it in the drive units How could we forget how could we forget well let me say this to you that could be a raspberry see I was asking you about raspberry right I like raspberry. I got some an affrage right now. I got raspberry strawberry So I don't think you should be allowed to and incense and peppermint Rogers who show errors from 10 a.m. the two p.m. is the local English language talk host most affected by fear of the FCC Most affected by fear be afraid be very afraid of the FCC WQM this sports the rest of the day in a markets other prominent on music stations are owned by clear channel which primarily uses syndicated talent Clear channel which dropped Howard Stern from six stations including WBG has instituted a zero tolerance policy toward indecency for all its talent local insinicated They're going to want to talk they are in decent effective you look up the word indecent and the dictionary You'll see the loudremas and Dave Ross and the people just pictures next to it indecent. That's T. Channel and John Hogan the driver Rogers makes a reported million dollars a year says he's either stubborn or stupid and us will adapt I'll do whatever they want as long as the checks keep coming every two weeks as Rogers you just have to be more creative He's already proven he's capable of that tweaking the FCC in the process instead of using one of the new forbidden words he says vice president Cheney's first name Oh, how clever aren't I clever? Oh, no Thanks Tom, but next time get it right I don't think there will be any next time. That's why I stopped doing those things No matter who it is no matter how good their intentions are they they just miss quote you. I didn't whatever How's that pull coming so far? Well with all the FCC crap going on right now Neil should just keep creepy or ripping reaping motion as 147 Out of 200 12 votes already wow onto impressed impressive Just keep ribbon motion as 147 keep going as bestie can 45 retire 12 5.6% say retired go back to all bedtime stories force. They hated that you're the only one elected Play music three I vote. I was one of the three. That's what I voted Do a hockey show once see what did I tell you we know who voted for that And to a sports show none Five that gets cleurich has a vote of yet Right, I'm sure do a sports show come on you can do it Neil you're all this stuff Just what we need is more the same we're done in crap and by the way I heard this morning a story that Joe roses a bad guy That's the that's the story that your close personal friend the moment is friend is a bad guy He's mean you're a meanie Joe That that's I'm not gonna tell the story on the ear because there's an aspect to it. That's you know delicate But I just want to say this if anybody thought that mole Howard David was like a good guy No, no, not just a good guy, but if he was like reforming a little bit like he was trying to change his ways Maybe that happened for about how many seconds thought to her the man and then he changes his mind He is totally we return to a forum believe me and then some What an idiot a child you are moe you're just pathetic, okay? You ain't no Joe rose. I'll guarantee of that you couldn't lick Joe's toes. Can I say that? Oh While he be says I fully support you in your fundraising project makes a hell of a lot more sense to be the contributing to individual politicians First things first I pledge a hundred dollars. Thanks, while he be I'm sure Eric knows about the internet PayPal payment method and would make convenient for people using credit cards But don't we have to have like we have to register some kind of a name Something I'll ask yeah, I'll call him well you are you a brainstorm that with him very soon Pronto Tonto it says if that feature could be introduced on your side of wood enhanced the process good luck And who do you you're showing the stuff at CC guy that's gotten New York for being active on this heinous. I don't think can we say heinous Let's go we can't say aim is situation. Thanks, while he beat your good guy 1041 at 560 WK my promised myself I would never do these campaigns anymore raising any money, but somebody's got to like stand up And somebody's got a support and I'm not saying I'm the one it's standing up, but this guy's got in New York with his petition rap. It makes a lot of sense to me It's a great thing in a lot of and I'll also say this which I never do but the people in this audience have really responded big time When we started with this thing a week ago tomorrow When somebody called in and turned us on to that website there were like 1700 people from Florida who would sign those petitions now we got almost 9000 So somebody out there is paying attention and somebody is pissed off and fired up can we still say that as if today we can still say that In fact, you know what we ought to do is just play that all the rest of the day Fire it up when I hear someone say that Fire it up when I hear someone say that What while we can well I'm because we got a quota. I'm sure so that's why we got the quota. Let's keep playing I've been telling you for years why you ought to call dial a mattress at 1 800 mattress dial a mattress backs up everything They say they're advertising a hundred percent, but they're competitive still use lots of false and he's set of claims When you see a mattress at making outrageous claims do yourself a big favor read the fine print or lots of lies out there Here's an example the ad scream half off but this only applies to a limited select device that you'd never choose everything else is full price And they probably double the regular price first and you'll probably never be able to make fair exchange if you don't like it At dial a mattress the reds have no tiny print notice framers no lies no BS when we still say BS sure When you call 1 800 mattress you'll see that the prices are solo others doors have to offer half off sales just to compete to be close dial a mattress has a no risk 30 day comfort exchange policy how many days On all beds including yours and don't forget when you call dial a mattress at 1 800 mattress you're getting a company ranked number one in Overall customer satisfaction from candle the steward Palm Beach to four mires dial a mattress reminds you to read the fine print because we want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them So what you'd be waiting for do what I always do pick up that phone and guarantee yourself a great night sleep for years to come One easy call that's all it takes 1 800 mattress or log on a mattress dot com dial a mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES the honest way to buy you a great bed You a M Meal Rogers on sports radio 560 oil Parents hilton had a farm me I And there she lived a simple life with her friend Nicole with a dunk luck here and a dunk luck there Here, what their cluck getting lots of yuck gets parents hilton had a farm E I E I O Parents hilton made a thing E I E I O and this tape was really hot E I I Whoa with a download here and a lawsuit there see it once since why she is not a night fair as hilton made a thing E I E I O Parents hilton had a farm and a reality show it's funny all the things she'll do while the cameras roll And if she's so dumb, I wonder how come she's paid every day when she rolls in the hate fair So hat of farm E I E I O Is really post on leveled on board or what a shock huh? You'll put up the gates and hell this time and an aerial sure on that big fat Cover crap it's right next door Look at that the Dow's down 120 points are 121 in the Nasdaq about 31 and dropping like a gigantic border Wow Anyway regular guys has spent it over stuck stunk gone a rye WKLS Atlanta's morning show the regular guys hosted by Larry wax and Eric von Hasler have been suspended from the clear channel Atlantic rocker following a stunk on a rye on Friday show The host were reportedly working during the commercial break on a stunt in which a poor actress was taped simulating various sex acts The duo planned to wear the tape backward kind of like in the exorcist But disappointing any indecency problems, but the dialogue went out over the year rolling underneath a commercial WKLS management told our in our were conducting a swift and thorough investigation of this morning's WKLS broadcast Our preliminary understanding is that a microphone was left open accidentally during commercial break How do you like that? Suspensions, firings, fines, you name it For example The nearly three year old broadcast at brought Howard Stern as first in Ds and C fines in student 98 Valdez Stern and his crew defining terms like Blumkin, Balloon Not and the David Copperfield Frays is used in rigged a rotation by Opian Anthony before they were canceled by infinity in August of O2 The content cited in Thursday's 27,500 dollar fine against infinity was a July 26 2001 Stern show That triggered a complaint by a list of obsturnafiliate WKRK and Detroit That's the same station facing a 27,000 dollar forepure for domestic indoor, a fine recently upheld by the FCC Infinity maintains that the stern material wasn't actionable and decent and didn't contain any description of sexual luxury to our organs or activities And a patley offensive manner and finity also argues that the commission's generic indecency definition is unconstitutional See, that's where I add wholeheartedly agree Nobody's got any idea what they're talking about including the FCC In previous rulings, the commission's fine not only the station cited in the complaint, but the others that are the same broadcast So far it's only fine KRK something that's not sitting well with commissioners Michael Cops and Jonathan Adolfstein Both tried the commission for not finding others during affiliates in their statements with cops suggesting that WKRK's indesancy trackware warranted a trucker to warrant a more than a slap on a wrist, in other words, yank their license This Michael Cops he makes Michael policy like a good guy Rabbit foaming at the mouth and he's a Democrat And then it goes on in the article too, it's on our website To a list of the whole conversation in there about what is a bumpkin, I don't want to go into it, and we certainly won't But How it's turned accused, oh, this is in the New York post Acused up or a win for you being a fellow potty mild saying the afternoon TV queen is there the same kind of Kinky sexual material for which he's being pilloried And I've noted that on some of the steering websites, they're staring campaign which I wholeheartedly endorse For people to write letters to the FCC and we're filing complaints against Oprah Then you're going to see the stuff hit the fan, you don't understand Then is going to be a whole different Oprah If they find me for this then they've got to find Oprah the darling of the world's turn toll listeners after trying to play a shocking excerpt of an Oprah show on teen sex And if they find Oprah he said all a hell is going to break loose The shock shock pleaded on the air with the state's internal energy to let him play a tape of Winfrey and her guest discussing and Iraq erotic activity known as tossing the salad Yeah, this is Oprah Winfrey at four in the afternoon saying this Oprah graphically discusses it's during cold as a total skrock boss Tom Q's on Whatever's name is on Thursdays when for sure a writer for her magazine Oh, explained in meticulous detail what she described as popular sexual pastimes from her teen ages including oral and anal sex practices The writer Michael Michelle view for it also described in detail a variety of other slang sex terms Don't believe it's certainly with his producer this is what's going to expose the hypocrisy. This is our battle of the bulge If they find me they have to find her we had a few imagine a headline Oprah Winfrey find for indecency Q's on a putster and ran on hold for ten minutes and sought counsel from infinity broadcasting lawyers after Stern threatened to call malcharmus in prison of infinity parent via com The lawyers turned down as request and Stearns where a producers kept the sexual references off the year Under the standards as they now exist our answer is do we believe that it that's indecency? No, we don't too sonno said we believe that they the FCC believe it the answer that is yes Everything and anything they don't like is indecency A spokeswoman for the FCC's enforcement bureau told a post she hadn't seen any complaints about Oprah show Typically the FCC doesn't act or comment on controversial broadcast until a complaint is received FCC guidelines also way in fact as such as context and material that appears to pan derere as used to titillator shock A win free spokesperson said her show was on production hiatus and that Oprah was unavailable for comment What a coincidence he's unavailable for comment So she goes on it. Well, this is just for educational purposes. Right who are you kidding bitch? Okay, we still say that today who you kidding Let's see here's one that says if you have bell south as you're in a service. They found a new way to rip you off for 290 after the year contract is up to be charged 290 for another made up charred whatever that means Oh, well, this is somebody's you you're probably you won't put them up to this somebody's personal gripe with bell son. I don't know we don't have we don't have time for that. Okay, if this is a juncture Well, we have bigger than I tried to Have you heard it's the copy the letter they sent telling them how they're gonna be ripped out. So just throw that away to I just did all right 325 votes with all the FCC crack going on Neil should just keep ripping bush and ask 2023 that's almost 69 percent can we say 69 like I said it's a little over 68 percent Keep going as Vesti can 71 retire 17 5.02 percent say bye bye Go back to all bedtime stories for an average of George voted for that No What did you vote for the one that's the lead? Oh, keep ribbon bush. Yeah, yeah, do a sports show for our clearance voted now and Probably Greg plain music three or do a hockey show three so let's see Rimmer and Ferrell is wife and who else would have voted or The knees pop in he's a big fan You dumb frog the knees you silly goose you silly ass W to Q M hello Line one eight there Our first call nothing happened over here. Why don't you press it again? I just did nothing happened over here. You know no. Oh Please tell I'm a tree Well Limer tree problem a power Oh no, I know you got it you did it. I did not you did that. I don't know. Well. I'm on hold Well press it again. I did not Oh, yes, sir, what up? What up pal? What up, how are you? Where is he? W Q M hello W Q M hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. All right. Yes, Neil. I was glad you mentioned that Because I I gotta I gotta new one for you that you're gonna love but first of all I can just make a quick point is yes, as long as the government is making their money on taxes and that's yeah What are you? The last time on the Super Bowl about the rectale dysfunction and the doxness and the car right right Fountain and all that well here's a new one Neil a judge rule that the girls gone wild video is not pornographic Demonions making millions of dollars and taxes off of this thing all of a sudden you can show the press You can show the real but you guys sure walk on eggs shells. You cannot mention this stuff on a year You know if ridiculous in fact, you know like the girl turn around and pick up the substance So we can get a better view but you guys are so limited and you know it just I just had a call and say that here Thanks, Bally. Okay, see you now when they knock in the door ahead under the bed Okay, Neil by see you That's our message to America right now. This is not a joke. Be afraid Be very afraid. Right. Okay. I'm there Remember those billar rights no mole ain't got him no mole Freedom of speech forget about it freedom of the press gone 1056 at five 60 WC just like I said at times. Yeah, because that's the one thing He got very accurate as long as the check-skied come by the way Claire is the 25th is Thursday We got two very big Thursdays coming up. You want to know why okay? I know one this Thursday March 25 is paid in Next there is the April one. No fool in is Trend they 11 30 Charlie. Oh, yeah now that's gonna be a precipitous trend man That's gonna tell us whether we got any future whatsoever or whether I are out of business Whether Greg is completely done the old hunting dump the on QAM and broken into a billion pieces even at Shmata head over there in the middle east That they that they bombed and killed yesterday even he wouldn't in as many pieces Unlike of course that Egyptian Thing that's our coffee booth. Oh, yeah, the Ramsay six now if we say Ramsay isn't in that economy Like I said Oh, six Farrow It's the last mortgage. You'll ever need it's the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are in Credible you pay zero closing cost zero application fee zero credit bureau fee and even Zero discounted points get yourself the new low interest rate of just 1.25% if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan Your payments are a mirror three thirty four month if you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are just 60 in a month and don't forget once you be finance a new home mortgage from financial group You'll never ever pay closing cost again So call today this toll free numbers their new number is no obligation call one 8639 five land and they'll explain it to you get the low rate mortgage you deserve then move Unix property would know for the cost of expense Zero underwriting fee zero dock fees zero closing cost even when you moved one other property and speaking of moving in houses for sale I got a great story about my neighbor don't let me forget in the next hour. Okay. No Get the new low rate financing of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group for details call 1 866 395 land and never ever pay closing cost again That's financial group at 1 866 395 L a and the the Renekwell housing lender restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly 4.21 APR My This is what we're gonna price it Disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to the station that's my opinion. I'm like Disney When you're being or less all about 10 minutes For my amish or I'll just take the bullet train Now you can travel from he West to Jacksonville in less than 15 minutes on the Florida bullet train Thanks to your well-research lands ride boat Now put in the bullet train Boy, yeah, hold your chest up and Why just take the moderate or some barbecue when the bullet train can take you all the way from Tampa right into this game day Where you can explore the tropical barrier leaves made entirely of Kyoban view it You'll hold up confidence and the credibility of elected officials has finally paid off take the Florida bullet train Retroed the position of the Florida bullet train call wait a minute. It's a little way It's a level two. That's one my all-time favorites Here's the a new poll from Zagbe Carry 48 bush 46% Undecided five if you throw Nader in there. That's the Chigran wood pile Then it becomes carry 46 bush 46 Nader three and on decided five to that Now in the blue states those that go one carries a head 56 to 38 4% on decided in the red states of one at bush one or least allegedly Bushes had 53 to 40 with 6% on decided but wait till you're this and a Zagbe pool. It's on our website by the way If a major terrorist attack were again to hit the US 51% of likely voters prefer to be led by Bush's compared to carries 40% Which six on decided to that? Sorry sure hopefully don't have no October surprise if he catch my drift If that's what it gets down to Daisy point days almost Completely nude get a little fish net deal going there behind the beaten curtain today take a look at the response on our poll pretty exciting Aren't you impressed? Impressive 396 votes with all the FCC crack going on the ill-shoe and just keep ripping bush and ass Braccombe 265 67% just keep going to bestie can 89 retire 19 4.7% say I should now not so sure that all of those are like negative to you know Maybe they think enough is enough already just to go and enjoy your life. Do I'm all think huh? Make a purt of it that I don't really know do a sports show eight to a hockey show six Go back to all bedtime stories only five play musical me four so naturally be in a hard-ass like I am Music I voted of course they hate my music and they also hate kind of Lisa there she is About all kind of and it was oh get out of here man. She is a nasty nasty as bitch that the kind of Lisa oh that's right But can't criticize kind of Lisa doctor rice Can't criticize her no more because that's also part of the new constitution The establishment because that'd be bad 5 6 7 0 5 16. Now. What are we gonna do with this retard? Oh, that's what is his name Ron? Yeah, yeah What are we gonna do about him? I mean it was a music the first couple of times by think we need to get him his prosac Or maybe we can get rush can get him in touch with what's your name Wilma sure Tubby Q a him hello Yes, sir. Are you a How many Q and hello Yeah, speaking I was wondering This is a good job with that bed drive Why can't you do this? You know with this but but yeah, please What what is it me? I already often have actor plays Why don't you send a van out to different places and people can come in Oh, yeah, that's a great idea. That's always good take the van out to Iowa and Oklahoma and Arizona and no Mexico and California and Wisconsin Yeah, take the van out the people to sign the petitions and That hell a lot easier than just going online See, I guess I didn't explain myself too well see the idea being since there are 50 states last time I check the idea If you're gonna get a million signatures is to get him from all over the country See and so we can get some publicity for this campaign because most people never heard of stop fcc.com Most people would know what we're talking about but if you go online and check it out or if we take out full page or half page or whatever quarter page newspaper it And we put the explanation in there. We're Scott did a good job of on the website and then we let people You know, find out about the thing About the word or click on it and in fact we can even have a form where they can sign their own petition right rather than the I add okay See what I'm saying Yeah, let's just take the van out and get let's see how many by two deer I think Zagor and Evans would be proud in the year 25 25 we can have our median signatures Of course most of the people be dead by them, but nevertheless Right boy there must have been some good crap kid and over the weekend you didn't tell me about that No, I didn't get any because these people are really wired today Here's one it says it suggestion for the pool from hue. Oh, I see do a 100% squeaky clean dating show for gays, lesbians and transectuals The religious wackos would drive off a bridge or maybe all wind up in Tennessee Which is a good place for them 560 we will play the audio from the Richard Clark interview on 60 minutes last night the entirety vote segments Do you notice they did vote two segments? I know that was a big big thing. There was a big thing and I got the whole I got the whole thing Hi, if I do target me have been in the area I just watched it see it and oh, they they catch you that I'm in the payment. I was while here yet No, no Boy, this is it and now they're showing all the tunnels in the escape routes in these long tunnels If you ask me I don't think it was there in the first place It was a good diversion though. It was a really good diversion from after those horrendous things that happened like that hotel being crated in Bagdad that they before and then all of a sudden out of nowhere. Oh, we got I'm in the payment. We got him surrounded there. We got him Well, did we get him? No, no Then they floated a rumor that well he may be dead. They're doing DNA DNA test to see if this body they found was him was it him? No, no, WQM. Hello QM? Hello, yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. I saw a 16 minute thing was Richard Clark last night pretty amazing Guys got some balls. Yeah, and Also, I just want to know that I'm a fan of you can say that anymore, sir. Oh, sorry. He's got a pair Exactly I wanted to say that I'm a 33 year old male. I've never voted me my life this year. I got registered I'm ready to rock and I get bush at our office. I ride and I voted on the FCC Stop the FCC dot com, but I never got the little email a so much sure if it went through or not Now they went through sometime you don't get it in a technical thing which we talked about last week, but if you sign on there went through Awesome, we'll get him out of office this year, baby. Thanks a lot, pal. Good job. All right. I mean, okay, and in fact there's an article that did I printed out or not on our website about the Cuban vote I was talking about it Huh, but yeah, they were they were touching on that on the news too. How they're a little disenchanted Pretty disenchanted with the bushmaster who promised he's gonna do this gonna then set in fact a lot of people are figuring if he invaded Iraq and spent $100 billion How much less would it have cost to invade Cuba and You're ready to say to help with the doubt right what she promised all kinds of crap and of course is usual Left them hangin good at that cheap When report Murdock calls this is a great column of the online beat by John Nichols in the donation He says last Friday the Bush administration was busy pumping out hopes that the war on terrorism was about to yield a victory The capture along the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan of the repeated number two man and Osama bin Laden's all cut and up work as It turned out Dr. Alzawahiri was probably not among the militants so hold up and heavily fortified compounds that were solded by Pakistani troops and the US advisors But by most measures The prospective capture of what a administration age described as a high target value was treated as a very big deal by the bush White House At the same time administration age were busy trying to hold together the coalition of the sort of willing That was cobbled together the support the invasion of Iraq with Spain's new Prime Minister declaring the occupation It is saster and threatened to withdraw that country's troops from Iraq and with Poland's present on European reporters That his country was misled about the nature of the threat posed by Iraq the administration has its hands full Surely national security adviser Condor Lee's a rise a key player on all the fronts that were in play had a very long list of responsibilities No time for diversions on Friday right wrong Rice took time out in the middle of the day to address a secretive gathering that included global media Muggle rubort Murdock and top executives from TV networks newspapers and other media properties owned by Murdock's newscope conglomerate Rice spoke at some length via satellite to Murdock and his cronies would gather at the posh risk call in hotel in Cancun, Mexico According to reports published in the British press The Guardian newspaper which said a reported a cancun reveal that Rice was asked to address the group by executives of a Murdock controlled Fox Broadcast and cable networks in the US The Fox family includes of course the Fox News cable channel which the Guardian correctly describes as hugely supportive of President George Bush Although she's not there in person the presence of Ms. Rice underlined the importance of a Murdock's news operations for the Bush administration Which may face growing criticism that it led the country to warn false pretenses ahead of November's presidential election the Guardian County can't whom gathering explained In addition to Fox Murdock controls the Bush friendly weekly standard magazine and New York post newspaper as well as 35 local TV stations in the 20th century Fox movie studio Thanks to Bush administration appointees to the FCC Murdock's reaches rapidly expanding in the US in the Sember the FCC approved newscrop 6.6 billion dollar takeover of direct TV the country's leading satellite TV firm That decision made Murdock the only media executive would satellite cable and broadcast assets in the US In other words, Rupert Murdock is a very powerful player in the media and because of his willingness to turn his properties into Mothpieces for the administration in the politics of the United States So it should probably not come as any surprise to like the politicians in any number of countries where Murdock has come to dominate the discourse Bush administration officials answer Rupert's call even when they're supposedly preoccupied with national Security concerns Ryses willingness to brief Fox executives as especially intriguing in light of the fact that she continues to refuse to breathe the bipartisan panel That's investigating the 911 terrorist attacks on the world trade center in the Pentagon National commission on terrorist attacks upon the US Is expected to hear this week from CIA director George Tenant Secretary of State Cole and Paul and his predecessor Madeline Albright defense secretary Rumsfeld and his predecessor William Cohen And president Bill Clinton's national security advisors Sandy burger, but Ryses rejected invitation to testify in public So it seems that when the national commission on terrorist attacks upon the US calls the Bush administration's national Securities not available but when Rupert Murdock calls well how could condolese a rice refuse? That's doctor-rice to you John Nichols in the nation Yep She is really whatever we said she wasn't that song and then I held a lot more you know I'm saying kiss my grip Remember that song let of 13 at 560 Q a m atmos better Mickey joke tutte wiska I am going to... ...move in a bit... Don't pretend Don't pretend Don't pretend Don't think disproportionate Don't confess Sporting news radio overnight. Yeah, how embarrassing. Anything new on Joe Mark? No. No. Any good news going to respond to that? No. I think it's a cost cutting move. But even if you assume that it's not a cost cutting move and it's for real, well, it's not a pretty sad commentary. 6 and 10 Cuban American voters say they likely will cast ballots for President Bush and November. The financial drop from the support he received in 2000. They could have a blast possibly reflecting tensions between exiles and a White House that's some in a community field as fallen short of its tough and type that El Castro rhetoric. Bush has estimated who have garnered about 80% of the Cuban American vote in 2000. Thanks in large part to anger over the Clinton administration's return of Alien Gonzalez to Cuba, Porto, Alienito. You think he's getting his happy meal today or what? Unhappy meal. Oh. But in a recent poll, a Cuban Americans in David Broward Counties only 58.4% of registered voters said they definitely or probably would vote for Bush in November about a quarter said they were undecided with the rest saying they probably would not or definitely would not vote to be elected president. Wow. So I guess there is no alien to kick around anymore. Said Guillermo Grineira, sociologist, FIU and the author of the poll which has been done seven times since 91. A Bush campaign spokesman said the president plans to come on strong among Cuban Americans and said the White House's record would contrast favorably with the Cuba record of the Democratic presidential nominee Massachusetts Senator John Kerry. So there you go. And this goes on forever. It's on our website. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a fact that says a word about fuel Henry. What's up, are you sure? I was watching a panel on C. Span dealing with politics and comedians and there he was carrying the water for the Bushies. He had the audacity to say he was a liberal but believed the Bush administration was correct in their foreign policy among other things. Afterwards some of the audacity about the Bush marches policy on an amendment against gay marriage and what he thought of it. Fill without missing a beat said that Bush wasn't against it himself but was only appeasing the right wing of his party. But, if you say so, Phil, then he would understand that Kerry didn't have a chance in November because he said GI's in nomad committed atrocities, etc. There were over a half dozen people on the panel and Phil managed to monopolize almost all of the responses is the RNC paying him by the word by the way. Henry definitely belongs in the radio medium ugly and overweight. He's become a giant on the broadcast industry. 300 pounds. Can you believe that? I saw it. Did you see it? Remember that radio ink thing where he was like twice the size when we got started? Wow. Somebody stuck up bicycle pump inside Phil. I can't say where? Welcome. Here's Phil says I've been another Phil. I've been driving around with stopfcc.com, painted on the rear window of my car. I urge everyone else to do so the same. I didn't get a chance to, to, what? To something, to, to, to vote for, to, to, to vote for, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, for a to play his on price sloppy. Joseph and he was and Marty. Raw aka the pew festival says Phil and Marty. Okay. Thanks Phil. 560 we're going over 67,000 signatures on stopfcc.com. What am I keep saying we've, uh, Scott, who started a thing? That's we. It's us against them. Let me take a look. 67,078. And, uh, let's see. Thanks to Marion in Orlando. We're to held in She Get it. And Michael in the dear field beach. Maybe there's other people in Florida who are talking about this because I sure can't take credit for the entire state. But we're catching up to California, man. When this thing started last week, we were like about six or seven place. We passed Ohio and Pennsylvania and New York. Like, there were standing still. In fact, almost 4,000 signatures ahead of New York state. That's pretty embarrassing. If I'm a big shot in the year in New York state. And I can't get more than 4800 signatures on there. I feel like I'm, uh, I don't know. I can the job done. New York state's got 4837 Florida 8611. California 10,166 and Texas 11,905. So Florida's only let's see 14,500 behind. We were thousands behind California last week. Thousands. Nothing that's a contest, but just as an extra, like motivating factor, like I keep telling you to try to get people off their ass. I mean, how many seconds could it possibly take to log onto the stop FCC.com and sign at petition. About a million. That's all. Thank you, Wayne. Hello. Am I being minded? WDQM. Hello. Hey, Nitto. Yes, sir. It's funny. It's not the Trump situation. Now, I heard board just trying to patent the words you're getting. Uh, wow. Like I told you, the stock came in over the weekend. WDQM. Hello. Hey, Nitto. Yes, sir. The stop FCC.com thing. What I've been doing with it is I've been attaching it to the signature line of my email. So every email that goes out has that, my business plan. That's what I did, how standing. And another thing. She got blooddioshing. Uh, he put his people putting a hospital for nine months back in 1988. Who's people? Come on. Yeah. At his orders. Basically, I was the only one my neighbor was doing a little Jewish dance today. I was in these really defense forces back then. And I, uh, hated on the news. Yeah, on a personal level, I'm sure you're delighted. But the fact that a matter is this, uh, this is open and up a can of worms. It's going to be grotesque and brutal and a lot of innocent people are going to die. True. But if you take a look at all the other leaders of the little terrorist groups that care of that has never been able to control that, you know, they all say screw you. Y'all, sir. If I can say that, maybe I should be. But, uh, he's looking and they're looking today like, boy, they're going to get me through. If I don't strike my act up. Yeah. But the other week, you're going to see Shirons head on a plate. That's my prediction. Well, Neil, you've seen with the only one that said, uh, the idea, who if this real pulls out a guy that he was going to continue his attacks, he's stated it over and over again. That they said, you pull out a guy that we're still coming after you. That was you seems own words. So they had to take him out. Sorry. Okay. Good luck to you, Pally. Same to you. They had to take him out. That's always worked before. Every time he told me, yeah. Hey, it was worth it. Sure. Just like the war in Iraq. It was worth it. Just like all of this bloodshed and insanity that's going on. It was worth it. But anyway, this guy's out of personal asked to go and I understand. 27 past 11, did I say personal ask? Can't say that. No, no, no. Uh-oh. You can have your personal ask, but you can't talk about it. Spring and the savings right now, like never be full on a great new car. Truck from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. You'll find him on US-1, 20 minutes south of the 836. And Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth the drive no matter where you're hanging out because they're going to save you a whole lot of thousands on great new Toyota's. Check out these great leases. And oh four camera your 400 is 260 9 a month for 48 months. How about an O for a highlander just 309 a month? Need a truck? How about this? And oh four Toyota Tundra? The safest truck in the US of 8 just 107 9 a month for 48 months. These are just some of the savings going on. Now at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. So the toll increases on those using cash on the turnpike. Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead will give you a free sun pass when you buy your new car truck from them. General Manager David Rich and the staff will do just about anything out of the sun to put you in a great new Toyota today. So experience the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference are locally owned and operated and they're committed through 100% customer satisfaction too. Their service department is even open late until 8 week nights to make sure they get your service worked on and then right too. Easy to get there there at US 1 in 23rd Street and Homestead just 20 easy minutes out of the 836. So, stop wasting your time at those mega dealers or car giants who always over promised an under deliver and then get your their dealership under Fony pretence. Do the smart thing called David Richies the GM at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead. Call him a 305. 2 4 2 3 2 4 2 3 2 4 7. 3 0 5 2 4 2 3 2 4 2 3 2 4 7. Drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. My life and law is for 205. 2 2 1 2 1. This week on NBC. You're good. The Friends episodes too hot for television. You haven't taken a half in search with your brother. Let's go let's go let's go! Are you crazy? Patrick is about to happen. I'm going to see you at a ninke. Get off your sister. What? What? Oh! Oh! Friends? Two hot foot television. No one is hotter than we are. One thing with another and oh, before you know it, we were kissing. Obviously lost his mind. Well, this is what happens when people live on the air. Not a buy for underage viewers or anyone who's in friends' character for me. There's a wild pet car. I don't tell you our gentle. I'm a 33 of 56. W.C.M. We got a Zidian votes on that poll today. You believe it? A good Jillian. 573 with all the FCC crap going on. New York show. Just keep rip and vote. And ask to be a 6888. Keep going as best you can. 18. Retire. What? What? What? 30 man. Do a sports show. 13. Go back to all bedtime stories. 10. Do a hockey show. 10. And play music for. Yeah, we got to do a hockey show. Ha ha ha. Oh man. You're close personal friend, Rimmerman. I hope that when you guys sit down had that lunch. Yeah. And he's going to buy for. I hope that, uh, oh brother. He'll be sitting here during my vacation. You give him a what for. But all those hockey shows that nearly put me off the air. There was a little bit of a habit of getting hot like that Bob. I know earlier in the area, back to back capture. It's on a coast west coast trip. Los Angeles and Van Covers. So when you get hot, it's your, uh, going for it. Of course last year, a couple of years ago. Oh man. Talk about coma and do something. Get that crap off of it right now. A rank war wasn't justified. You went, what I'm going to do is I'm going to play that audio in the new now. You want to know why? Why? You look just a lot of people. A lot of people are off during their lunch hour. Correct. So they'll be able to listen in their car on their pop up toaster on your, uh, flash Gordon wristwatch, whatever. What's your thing? That's a good idea. That's a little idea. The United Nations top two weapons experts. He has today that the invasion of a wacky regal was not just about, oh, by the way, before we just misfudges hyperventilating on her website about all 60 minutes on the part of the publishing company that published that Richard Clark book and they didn't reveal it. I got an interest in it. What does that have to do with the content? Anything. No. How would you feel? I mean, he must be, he must be really getting well taken care of. You know what I mean? And every respect. How would you feel if every single word that came out of your mouth was put in there by somebody else like Miss Fudge? It is, guess I feel rich. Isn't that the ultimate whore? Right. I mean, it's just pathetic. Air-re-time to right wingers have got some crap that they want to play. There it is on the Fudge Report. There's Miss Fudge on the air Sunday nights on all 50 states. Spewing her right wing crap. Self-hating, faggot, man. Tragic. Didn't learn anything from David Brock. Anyway, the U.S. top two weapons experts said yesterday the invasion of a wacky regal was not justified by the evidence in hand at the time. I think it's clear that in March when the invasion took place the evidence that had been brought forward was rapidly falling apart, said Hans Blitz who oversaw the agency's investigation into whether Iraq, head chemical and biological weapons, that's what he told the lay the dish with Wolf Blitzkrieg on CNN yesterday. Blitz described the evidence secretary stayed colon pop presented to the U.N. to the security council in February 2003 as shaky. And he said he related his opinion to the officials including national security adviser, con the leaves the rice that's doctorized to us. I think they chose to ignore us, Blitz said. Mohamed Albaradai, director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency spoke to CNN from IAE headquarters of the Anastria. Albaradai said he had been pretty convinced that Iraq had not resumed its nuclear weapons program, which the IAEA dismantled in 1997. These before the fighting began by President Cheney. What's this first name? Don't say it. I won't. By President Cheney waiting with an opposing view, we believe Iraqi leaders Sodom who say in his has in fact reconstituted nuclear weapons. I think Mr. Albaradai frankly is wrong Cheney said. And I think if you look at the track record of the IAEA and this kind of issue, especially where Iraq is concerned they've consistently underestimated or missed what Sodom was doing. Now more than a year later, Albaradai said, I haven't seen anything on the ground at the time that supported Mr. Cheney's conclusion or statement. So, and I thought to myself, well, history's going to be the judge. And of course the story goes on to say, as we all know, no evidence of nuclear weapons program has been found so far. None. Zero. Nada. Niente. Nith. None. Just mention that in passing. 560. 560. 560. 560. On a AT&T in Verizon, where was line? WQA and hello. Hello, you. Why I said to this phone response, we're getting to the end. And it's really something. Yeah, I can see that this audience is whipped up into a frenzy about all the stuff that's going on. Man. WQA and hello. Yes sir. How's it going sir? Okay. Listen, I just need an observation. I made this weekend. I was sitting down watching cartoons with my son this weekend on Channel 7. Uh-huh. And I noticed that. Recently, they gave you an FSC path that you can play in smart noise. They're any spludging and anything like that, right? Yeah. Because of the kids and they want to protect the kids and all that. The TV, they had a couple characters that their music powers was smarting. And it's sure that smart and coming out. And all these things that I'm like, isn't it the same thing that they're ready to you people from playing with the smart noise? Oh my god. Yeah, but yeah, you watched that if you went into cartoon, they're burping. They're doing all you kids. I'm like, I don't get it. You watch it. I'm actually show again. Oh, you watch it that wrestling show again. Yeah, there you go. That's it. The ultimate muscle show. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks for the band news, Palin. Close up that record. I don't work before the FSC smells it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, I don't know. I should probably just play that thing over and over again because the calls today have been, we've been doing too well for too long. We've been rolling it and smoking it for too long. That retired by the way, we will get involved on his ass again. Yeah, like I said, it was humorous the first 40 or 50, 60 times. But now he's starting to just overdo it a little bit. You know what I'm saying? I say the police report. Good. Save everything. WCWM Hello. Not there. QAM Hello. I've never been pissed off about anything more in my life. But let me tell you what I'm trying to do. Go ahead. I also have a sign in the back of my truck driving around. If it gets people to pay attention, you know, maybe it doesn't want to check it out when they get home or whatever. So stop that, Cc. Well, on the American Idol website, BIRTH. That's the board. We have a little part where you can go off topic and talk about whatever you want. Some lady put a stand up for stern message on there and about the FCC. They're getting on all. That one's still on there. I put a message on there with the link. But when I tried to start my own message forward, it's infected even down. We don't reply from somebody you agreed with me. But then it's gone. It's gone after like two minutes. But you know, I want to, one thing I'm discovering is that with this week and I spend tons of time looking at just every kind of work. It just every kind of website under the sun that might have to do with this. And the stern people are just like him. Everything in the world is revolve around him. He's the sun. All the rest of us are, you know, the planets. And we've rolled around Howard. So if it doesn't have to do with him and the fact that he's making a martyr of them. So that's not worth talking about. Yeah, they even had a bit on NPR this morning. I'm morning edition about he actually said they had a clipper to show. And he actually said, oh, it's not all about me. I just wanted to laugh. Well, it's about time though. At least he said it. It's about time he finally got the message. But I think the people in New York are not getting involved in this stuff that's the same thing because they still get to listen to him. You know, they're not suffering from it. Yeah, but you're missing one point. So he's been belly icon on the air for the last two or three weeks that he's about to get canned all together. And then Fiddity's going to have to take him off the air. So you think they would be the first ones that would be on there. But he's just not promoting. He's got to link to it on his websites. But I mean, we could have a link to it also, which we do, but unless I talked about it, we wouldn't get any response. Exactly. Well, I want to contribute to your campaign as soon as you get it up and running. I'm militant about this. I don't think you can say get it up. Okay. As soon as we get it running, we'll let you know. All right. Thanks, Neil. Thanks a lot, bye-bye. We're doing it. We're trying it. Even though the people out there, we're just like that. How we doing on at the stopfcc.com. I said last, you know, I went nuts for a couple days and I said, well, I'm going to be a lot more Mellow. I'm not going to keep banging away on this because it's pond. Where's it gets boring? But we don't have the option anymore because every day we're being told new things that we're not going to say we're being told. I keep asking. And then we find out, oh, I can't say that no more. Who ever heard of such a thing in an additional which whoever heard of a public, so compliant to roll over and play dead like the American people. This is what just amazes me. Oh, freedom of speech. What the hell's that? My life and love. This is for a real life to be. You and who am. Toria Clinton arrived three weeks early on February 27th, 1980 at 1124 P.A. While I was recovering, Bill would put his foot on my throat, yank me by my hair and say, woman, don't spoil her. I said, okay. Chelsea was sold by her opium addicted father when she was eight years old. Chelsea looked at him and said, that things about her daddy. That sealed the decision for Bill. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry. But even more frightening, at the age of 15, Chelsea had come back to haunt us. She escaped and returned home. Only to be sold again to a poor house. Who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them? Me, Hillary, Rodham, Clinton. Chelsea said, come on mom, don't do it. Oh, yeah, right I said. Looking like a days fox or who had just been pummeled in the ring, she leans toward me and whispered in my ear. You bitch. Can we say that anymore? No, you bitch. I think that's course language, don't you? Sure is. Of course. It's 1146-14, you'll know that 560QM, you're confused, station. You're a whether to a f***er, Rita banana. Arab's bottle of vengeance is wheels killing of yassin. Antis wheeled demonstrations erupted in the Middle East today. After his wheels killing of the spiritual leader of Hamas, and hopes for recent Arab moves to reinvigorate the region's peace process, were dined by shots for revenge. Aren't you surprised that those hopes for that road map and the peace process they are dined yet? Oh. Arab rage over the death of Hamas found her off-made yassin. Killbine is really hell-copter, a copter gunshot of a daybreak as he left the Mosque near his Gaza Strip home in his wheelchair, re-verbory did cross the Middle East. Egyptian president Hasn'timobaric who had been using his influence to press it with peace efforts called it cowardly. Asked about what it's likely impact will be on the peace process, mobaric replied, what peace process when the situation is on fire? There you go. Like I said to that guy that was trying to rationalize and justify because he's got a personal acid run that'll be a lot more innocent people die. Kids, you name it. Forth it. Because you deal with crazy people over there and when is it going to be a stop? I told you that for years, as long as they've been on here and never stop. Oh, we got this peace process and this peace treaty and this road map. When is they're talking about the road map? I don't know whether to read it banana. 560560. We got 8600 and some odd signatures. 8658 from Florida were in third place behind Texas, California. Stop FCC dot com including Brian and Orlando. Thanks Brian. 67,000, 216 signatures. We need a million. We need a million. Okay. I'm talking right now. We can do it. Yes, we can. And if we don't get to 9,000 by the end of the show today from Florida, that's it. I'm packing it in. That's only 342 more we need to go to get to 9,000. We can't do that by 2 o'clock. What's he use? What's the point, right? Money. We're closing in on California even though like I said, it's not a contest. But let's get some of you people off your ass. Well, we can still say ass on the air. Stop FCC dot com. Instead of just being lazy and sitting back to the day everybody else do it. Because even though we've had a pretty good response thanks to us last week. But it's not even a shadow of what our ought to be. A fraction. WQA and hello. Yeah, hi. I want to register my complaint about the FCC. Go right ahead. I have a major complaint about it. I agree with Neil's first time I've ever called this up. This is Neil. You're on right now. Oh, you know how are you? I'm sorry. The pleasure to speak to you. We like the picture off guard. Say again. I said we like to catch your off guard. No, you did. Um, and that's not too easy with me. Um, well done. I'm 100% behind you. And I think it are good for you. This is that, uh, or what's just president is. Giving the last nail with this. You know, real jerk. Hey, man. And I thank you very much. Supply. Thanks a lot, Paul. Have a great day. Yeah, I think that after watching that Richard Clark thing last night on 60 minutes or when we play it in the next hour. Anybody who watches and listen to that and then the polo Neil comments and all the other stuff that we're getting. Uh, you know, it's it's it's very easy to that. Blackboard one person says, so it's our grapes or this one has a subvested interest or it's, uh, whatever. But when there's this mountain of evidence out there that these people already had planned the Iraq business before 9-11. And this line from Rumsfeld about, you know, we don't want to go to Afghanistan because there aren't any good targets there. Iraq has lots of good targets and he says, I thought he was joking when he said that. He said, you really mean that. Oh, yeah, there's a lot of good targets in Iraq. And I hate to say this, but I'll say it anyway. It makes me really, really revisit my mind the whole business of 9-11. Yeah, and all those Saudis who are allowed to depart on a plane while everybody else was grounded. And the picture of the, uh, El Presidente holding hands with Prince Bondar as they strolled around the White House two days afterward. What were they talking about? I wonder. Money. Business. Yeah. Bush been lawdon business. Bush Saudi business. Yeah, the oily bird. That should be big and Florida. The oily bird catches the worms. I wouldn't put anything past these people and I'll tell you what else I wouldn't put anything past and to get re-elected. Anything. I'm with the sun. No matter what it is, right? Whatever it takes, they'll do it. WQA, hello. Hey, I'm. Yes, sir. Hey, hi. I'm not saying you just, uh, nobody can see what a cover up this is. If nobody can realize this, I mean, it's, it's, it's, it's not even as clever as Nixon's voice to cover everything up. Right. That's right. I mean, that's clever. I mean, you don't know what would have been burnt to, you don't even need it to spread out there and, and, and, and, for everybody can see it. What's happening in Iraq these little this last year is like a human sacrifice. Oh, for sure. And, and nothing would have the, uh, the Middle East problem to the problem that Middle East can get to see now, or all the folks running that show it there and there's, like, got it, both of them. That's the problem. Well, that may be the problem right now, but it's been a problem for 5,000 years and it's never going to change. It's a good old-time religion, maybe it's the Jews and the Muslims and the Christians are on their one or two cents every once in a while too. Once we get a good movie come out, just ask me how to hold tell you. Hopeless, hopeless situation, religious crazy people, started to be redundant. I started to say before anybody who votes for George W. Bush after seeing all of this crap come out after watching that last night, you have to be a crazy person. You must be out of your mind. You have to be a lunatic. If we had a democratic Congress which we don't, and even as spinuses they are, but if we did have, impeachment proceedings will be going on right now. I believe that. But we don't, and I haven't got to turn them in chance and also what's the point. With all the FCC crap going on, Neil should just keep living Bush and ask 458. Two-thirds say that 67 by 1% two-thirds. You turn. Keep going as best you can 140. Retire! Do a sports show 16. Go back to all bedtime stories only 12. They hated that George. In fact, through a hockey show has got 11 almost as many as the bedtime stories and play music six out of 682 votes. Did he just say 682 votes? And then I want to have. Yes, what he just said. Wow. There's another reason for that smiley face for the third straight year. Walmart stores tops the 50th annual Fortune 500 ranking of the nation's largest companies, and is certainly at the top of our list of companies that we hate. That we despise. Walmart, the Bentonville Arkansas based discount retailer is one of only three companies ever to top the prestigious list, which was announced today by Fortune Magazine. The other companies are? Exxon mobile. What is shock? Oh, by the way, thanks Mr. President for those low gas prices. Exxon mobile, which rose to spot the second place, and General Motors would split them out to third. Rounding up the top 10 companies are Ford Motor, GE, Shavron, Texico. Did he say Chevron, Texico? Oops. City Corp. IBM and American International Group. I don't know whether I can belch on here anymore, you know? Did that, isn't that course, isn't that like a course sound? And isn't that expo to reactivity? Can we even say core? I mean, if we can't play the farting sounds anymore, we certainly are. Belching sounds, are you a sculling gas just from a different office? You see, the idea that we sit back and we take all of this crap. Now, infinity are the only people with the resources and the balls to fight it. They've been funded for years to keep steering on here because he's their cash cow. But the rest of the people just roll over Beethoven, roll over, roll over, roll over. Oh, yes, yes, yes, or whatever you say. Yes, or did you say that? Yes, you did. Yes, sir. And I'm going to say it again, the idea that this station, which Greg has been desperately trying to destroy for the last two years and doing a pretty good job of it. But we put a row on the year for our two hours, even though many of you enjoyed him. But nevertheless, the idea that we did that at the time when we was obvious through all of us that the climate was changing could put it loosely was an act of madness, if you ask me. Remember how we discussed that? And I would say to you, how come, why did they decide to do this now? Yeah, they lost touch with reality. Are they out of their mind? Is Greg a loose cannon? Is he like irresponsible? And goofy is all hell. I have a local one next. It's five, six years. There are years old yours now. I'm a QEM. This is Mark. Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on QAT. Okay, it's 12-to-one a QAM. Now let's, this is going to be a difficult hour because we're going to like half to, we'll get all the breaks and don't panic, okay? Okay. But I want to play the audio from 60 minutes last night, Leslie Stahl and Richard Clark. Right now, a special presidential commission, is investigating whether the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon and September 11th, 2001 were preventable. There were a few people in a better position to answer that question than Richard Clark, the administration's former top advisor on counterterrorism, who left the White House last year. Clark has helped shape U.S. policy on terrorism since the 1980s when he got his first presidential appointment from Ronald Reagan. He went on to serve the first president Bush, then was President Clinton's terrorism's are and was held over by President George W. Bush. In testimony before the 9-11 commission later this week, and in a new book to be published tomorrow against all enemies, Clark will tell the story of what happened behind the scenes at the White House before, during and after September 11th. He does so first tonight on 60 minutes. When the terrorist struck on the morning of 9-11, it was thought that the White House would be the next target and the building was evacuated. It went from having hundreds of people in the White House complex, a hubbub of activity, to being totally abandoned. Richard Clark was one of only a handful of people who stayed behind. He ran the government's response to the attacks from the situation room in the West Wing. But I kept thinking of the words from a pucco-led style through the whispered words of Marlon Brando when he thought about Vietnam, the horror, the horror. Because we knew what was going on in New York, we knew about the bodies flying out of the windows people falling through the air. We knew that some of them had succeeded in bringing horror to the streets of America. After the president returned to the White House on 9-11, he and his top advisors, including Clark, began holding meetings about how to respond and retaliate. As Clark writes in his book, he expected the administration to focus its military response on Osama bin Laden and al-Qaeda, but was surprised that the talk quickly turned to another target. You were late at conversation, you had with Secretary of Defense Wumsfeld. The Rumsfeld was saying that we needed to bomb Iraq. We all said, no, no, no. Al Qaeda is in Afghanistan. We need to bomb Afghanistan. Rumsfeld said, there are any good targets in Afghanistan. There are lots of good targets in Iraq. There are lots of good targets in lots of places, but Iraq had nothing to do with it. You thought he was joking? Initially, I thought when he said there are enough targets in Afghanistan, I thought he was joking. What was your reaction to Alisa Rack talk? What did you tell everybody? What I said was, invading Iraq or bombing Iraq after we were attacked by somebody else. It's akin to what the Franklin Roosevelt after Pearl Harbor instead of going to war with Japan said, let's invade Mexico. It's very analogous. But didn't they think that there was a connection? I think they wanted to believe that there was a connection, but the CIA was sitting there. The FBI was sitting there, I was sitting there saying, we've looked at this issue for years, for years we've looked for a connection. And there's just no connection. And you told them that? Absolutely. You personally. I told them that George Tenet told you. Who did you tell? I told that to the group, to the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Attorney General. They all knew it. You talk about a conversation. You personally had with the President. Yes. The President, we were in the situation during the complex. The President dragged me into a room with a couple of other people, shut the door and said, I want you to find whether Iraq did this. I never said, make it up. But the entire conversation left me and absolutely no doubt. The George Bush wanted me to come back with a report that said, Iraq did this. Didn't you tell him that you'd looked and there'd been no... I said, I said, this President, we've done this before. We've been looking at this. We have looked out of it with an open mind. There's no connection. He came back at me and said, Iraq, Saddam, find out if there's a connection. And in a very intimidating way, I mean, that we should come back with our answer. We wrote a report. In other words, you did go back and left. We went back again and we looked. You did. And was it a serious look? It was a serious look. We got together. All the FBI experts, all the CIA experts. We wrote the report. We sent the report out to CIA and now the FBI and said, would you sign this report? They all cleared the report and we sent it up to the President and it got bounced by the National Security Advisory and the Deputy. It got bounced and sent back saying, the wrong answer. Come on. Do it again. Wrong answer. Do it again. Did the President see it? I have no idea it to this day if the President saw it. Because after we did it again, it came to the same conclusion. And frankly, Leslie, I don't think the people around the President show him memos like that. I don't think he sees memos that he wouldn't like the answer. Clark was the President's top advisor on terrorism. And yet it wasn't until 9.11 that he ever got to brief Mr. Bush on the subject. Clark says that prior to 9.11, this administration did not take the threat seriously. We had a terrorist organization that was going after us. El Kaya, that should have been the first item on the agenda. And it was pushed back and back and back for most. You were about to testify publicly. Before a committee that wants to know if the Bush administration dropped the ball, what are you going to tell the committee when they ask you that? There's a lot of blame to go around. I probably deserved some blame too. But on January 24th, 2001, I wrote a memo to Condolese surprise asking for urgently, underlined, urgently, a cabinet level meeting to deal with the impending El Kaya attack. And that urgent memo wasn't acted on. Do you blame her for not understanding the significance of terrorism? I blame the entire Bush leadership for continuing to work on cold war issues when they came back in power in 2001. But as a result, they were preserved in amber from when they left office eight years earlier. They came back. They wanted to work on the same issues right away. Iraq, Star Wars, not new issues that the new threats of the developed over the preceding eight years. Clark finally got his meeting to brief about El Kaya in April three months after his urgent request. But it wasn't with the president or the cabinet. It was with the number two's in each relevant department. For the Pentagon, it was Paul Wolfowitz. I began saying we have to deal with Ben Laden. We have to deal with El Kaya. Paul Wolfowitz, the deputy secretary of defense said, no, no, no, we don't have to deal with El Kaya. Why are we talking about that little guy? We have to talk about Iraqi terrorism against the United States. And I said, Paul, there hasn't been any Iraqi terrorism against the United States in eight years. And I turned to the deputy director of CIA and said, isn't that right? And he said, yeah, that's right. There is no Iraqi terrorism against the United States. In eight years. And there was a plane that. He explained that there was no Iraqi terrorism against the U.S. After 1993, when Saddam Hussein attempted to assassinate the first president Bush, while he was visiting Kuwait. We responded to that by blowing up Iraqi intelligence headquarters. And by sending a very clear message through diplomatic channels to the Iraqi saying, if you do any terrorism against the United States again, you won't just be Iraqi intelligence headquarters. It'll be your whole government. It was a very chilling message. And apparently it worked because there's absolutely no evidence since that day of Iraqi terrorism directly against the United States until we invaded them. Now there's Iraqi terrorism against the United States. Was there any connection between Saddam Hussein and El Kaya? Were they cooperating? No. Was there rock supporting El Kaya? No. There's absolutely no evidence that Iraq was supporting El Kaya. But you call certain people in the administration. And they'll say, that's still open. That's an open issue. Well, they'll say that until health reasons are over. By June 2001, there still hadn't been a cabinet level meeting on terrorism. Even though the U.S. intelligence community was picking up an unprecedented level of ominous chatter, the CIA director warned the White House. George Tenip was saying to the White House, saying to the President, because he briefed him every morning, a major El Kaya attack is going to happen against the United States, somewhere in the world in the weeks and months ahead. You said that in June, July, August. The last time the CIA had picked up a similar level of intelligence chatter was back in December 1999, when Clark was the terrorism ZAR in the Clinton White House. Clark says President Clinton ordered his cabinet to go to battle stations, meaning they were on high alert, holding meetings nearly every day. That Clark says, helps wart a major attack on Los Angeles International Airport. When this El Kaya operative was stopped at the border with Canada, driving a car full of explosives. Clark harshly criticizes President Bush for not going to battle stations when the CIA warned him of a comparable threat in the months before 9.11. He never thought it was important enough for him to hold a meeting on the subject, or for him to order his national security adviser to hold a cabinet level meeting on the subject. Why would having a meeting make a difference? If you compare December 99 to June in July, in December 99, every day or every other day, the head of the FBI, the head of the CIA, the turning general, had to go to the White House and sit in the meeting and report all the things that they personally had done to stop the El Kaya attack. So they were going back every night to their departments and shaking the trees personally, finding out all the information. If that had happened in July of 2001, we might have found out in the White House. The Attorney General might have found out that there were El Kaya operatives in the United States, FBI has lower levels. New never told me never told the highest levels in the FBI. The FBI and the CIA knew that these two El Kaya operatives, both among the 9.11 hijackers, had been living in the United States since 2000. Yet neither agency passed that information up the chain of command or told Dick Clark as the White House terrorism coordinator. And here, I am in the White House saying, something's about to happen. Tell me, you know, if the spiral falls from the tree, I want to know, if anything unusual is going on, because we're about to be hit. No one tells you, no one tells you. The FBI knows they're in the country. Leslie, if we had put their picture on the CBS evening news, if we had put their picture on Dan Rather on USA today, we could have caught those guys. And then we might have been able to pull that thread and get more of the conspiracy. I must say we could have stopped 9.11, but we could have at least had a chance. But as we all know, the El Kaya sleeper cell was left free to plan the 9.11 attack while Dick Clark kept agitating for the high level White House meeting he'd been seeking. You finally did get your cabinet level meeting. Finally, when did that meeting take place? The cabinet meeting I asked for right after the inauguration took place one week prior to our level. When Clark got his meeting on September 4, he proposed a plan to bomb El Kaya Sanctuary's in Afghanistan and to kill El Sama bin Laden. It's the same plan he had tried to persuade the Clinton administration to adopt to know a veil. When we come back, Clark's view of the president's actions after 9.11, and the White House view of Clark. When we come back, this is from a 60-minute last night on CBS Leslie Stahl, Richard Clark. This thing that you just asked me, this is almost hysterical. Yeah, from Glenn Garbett at the hero. Dear George, I'm the TV critic and the fact that we're right over here at the hero. I'm working on a story and how pressure from Congress and the FCC is affecting on air personalities and connection with that. I was hoping to sit on a neo-rodges broadcast. What do you think? What's he going to get by sitting on a broadcast? What does that tell him? I don't know. I don't know. I'll get free lunch at it. P.S. is my pal Ellie Brecker says, Tom the psychotic bitch says, Hello, and he says, I didn't know anyone called her to that tour face. I think the idea of sitting, I mean, talking to somebody about it, fine. But sitting in on the show? No. We got enough people to feed in there without feeding people from the hero. Plus we don't like to hear all that anyway. Since they're not in the free space, since they got rid of Max Castro's column, since it wasn't right wing enough for them. Screw the hero. Don't take it personal, but unless you want to. 1214 at 5.60 WQM, you want to know more about following a low carb diet. You want the best tasting, biggest-lexive low carb foods. Then head forward, the lights are west-vocate. It's unbeatable. Whether you're starting or restarting the Atkins, the sugarbusters, the South Beach, Rainy low carb, sugar free diet, diet, do it. The lights are west-vocate. Always been the number one low carb store in a country and for good reason. Because they've got over 1200 low carb products to choose from, including breads and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips and brownies, chocolates, carbolite ice cream, pasta, sauce, ketchup, cheese, gakes, and so much more. And don't forget if it's a new one, great tasting. You always have it before anybody. You're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. You can always try anything in the store before your bite and they got a friendly staff that knows dieting inside and out. And they carry the most complete line of Atkins' brands product around sale today, a week from Shivou's and every day. The lights are west-vocate on the North East corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market. Call them toll-free, 1-877 low-carb LOW W, C-A-R-B, around the web it's low-carb.com. Don't forget there's only one day lights west-vocate's official Atkins retail center. We're supposed to be in 5-6-4. You A-A! He says that the Bush administration should have, and could have taken out Al Qaeda and its training camps in Afghanistan, long before the attacks of September 11. He also says the fact that Osama bin Laden is still at large, is another major failure made possible by what he calls the administration's sluggish response to 9-11. Clark's book, in effect an indictment of the President's handling of the war on terrorism, arrives just as Mr. Bush is beginning to hit the campaign trail in earnest. I'm George W. Bush, and I approve this message. The President's new campaign and as highlight his handling of 9-11, he's making it the centerpiece of his bid for reelection. You're writing this book in the middle of this campaign. The timing, I'm sure you will be questioned about and criticized for it. Why are you doing it now? Well, sure I'll be criticized for lots of things, and I'm sure they'll launch their dogs on me. But frankly, I find it outrageous that the President is running for reelection on the grounds that he's done such great things about terrorism. He ignored it. He ignored terrorism for months when maybe we could have done something to stop that one. Maybe. Don't ever know. Does a person who works in a White House, all of the President, his loyalty? Yes. Well, this is not a loyal book. I'm sorry. No, no, no. It's just up to a point. Up to a point. When the President starts doing things like risk-American lives, then loyalty to him has to be put aside. And the way he risks people's lives? I think the way he is responded to all kinds of both before 9-11 by doing nothing. And by what he's done after 9-11, as made us, let's say, absolutely. Don't you think he handled himself and hit all the right notes after 9-11 showed strength, got us through it? You don't give him credit for that? You give a really good speech that we got after 9-11. You don't give him credit for anything. Nothing. I think he's done the terrible job on the war against terrorism. That may be the most serious indictment yet of the administration's handling of terrorism, since it comes from the President's own former terrorism advisor. It's not a surprise then that the number 2 man on the President's National Security Council, Stephen Hadley, vehemently disagrees with Clark. He says the President has taken the fight to the terrorists and is hardening the homeland. Dick Clark, he was the administration's top official on counterterrorism. How would you describe the job he did? Dick is very dedicated, very knowledgeable about this issue. When the President came into office, one of the decisions we made was to keep Mr. Clark and his counterterrorism group intact, bring them into the new administration really on. He says Clark did a good job, but is just dead wrong when he says the President didn't heed the warnings about Al Qaeda before the attacks on 9-11. The President heard those warnings. The President got met daily with his chief of intelligence, the director of Central Intelligence, George Tunnet and his staff, and they kept him fully informed. The President became somewhat impatient with this, instead I'm tired of sliding flies. Where's my new strategy to eliminate Al Qaeda? Hadley says that contrary to Clark's assertion, the President didn't ignore the ominous intelligence chatter in the summer of 2001. All the chatter was of an attack, a potential at Al Qaeda attack, overseas, but interestingly enough, the President got concerned about whether there was the possibility of an attack on the homeland. He asked the intelligence community, look hard, see if we're missing something about a threat to the homeland. At that point, Larry's went out from the Federal Aviation Administration to the FBI saying the intelligence suggests a threat overseas. We don't want to be caught unprepared. We don't want to rule out the possibility of a threat to the homeland, and therefore preparatory steps need to be made. So the President put us on battle stations. Now, he's the top terrorism official in this administration at that point. He said it didn't go to battle stations. Well, I think that's just wrong, and he also says Clark was wrong when he said the President pressured him to find a link between Iraq and 911. We cannot find evidence that this conversation between Mr. Clark and the President ever occurred. Now, can I interrupt you for one second? We have done our own work on that, ourselves. And we have two sources who tell us independently of Dick Clark that there was this encounter. One of them was an actual witness. Look, I stand on what I said, but the point I think we're missing in this is of course the President wanted to know if there was any evidence linking Iraq to 911. So he's not denying the President asked for another review. Nor is he denying that Clark wrote a memo stating once again that Iraq was not involved in 911. In fact, the White House showed us the memo dated September 18th. As Clark said, it was bounced back. The notation reads, please update and resubmit, and it was written by Stephen Hadley. I asked him to go back not wrong answer. I asked him to go back and check it again a week or two later to make sure there was no new emerging evidence that Iraq was involved. That's what I was asking him to do. So Hadley says the whole issue about Iraq was moved by the time Clark submitted his memo. Since the President, at a meeting with his work cabinet at Camp David, had already decided to focus the US response to 911 on Afghanistan, which is what Clark had been recommending. But Clark says it was not moved because the administration wanted to make Iraq phase two of the response, no matter what happened in Afghanistan. You can't distinguish between Al Qaeda and Saddam when you talk about the war on terror. Clark intends that with statements like that, the President continually left an impression that Saddam had been involved in 911. The White House carefully manipulated public opinion. They ever quite lied but gave the very strong impression that they were suggesting that they knew better. They did no better. We told them the CIA told them if the eyes told them they did no better. And the tragedy here is that Americans went to their deaths in Iraq, thinking that they were avenging September 11th when Iraq had nothing to do with September 11th. I think for a commander in chief and a vice president to allow that to happen is uncomfortable. And he thinks the President to this day misinterprets the nature and the scope of the terrorist threat. He asked us after 911 to get him cards with pictures of the major Al Qaeda leaders and tell us when they were arrested or killed so we could throw our exes through their pictures. And you know, I write in the book I have this image of George Bush sitting by a warm fireplace on the White House drawing exes through Al Qaeda leaders and thinking that he's got most of them and therefore he's taken care of the problem. And while George Bush thinks he's crossing them out one by one, there are all these new Al Qaeda people who were being recruited who hate the United States in large measure because of what Bush has done. He says that the war in Iraq has not only inflamed anti-Americanism in the Arab world, it drained resources away from the fight in Afghanistan and the push to eliminate Osama bin Laden. It's not correct. Iraq as the president has said, is it the center in war in terror? We have narrowed the ground available to Al Qaeda and to the terrorist. The sanctuary in Afghanistan is gone. The sanctuary in Iraq is gone. Saudi Arabia and Pakistan are now allies on the war in terror. So Iraq is contributed in that way to narrowing the sanctuary's available terrorist. Don't you think that Iraq, the Middle East and the world is better off with Saddam Hussein out of power? I think it's just a widely held view that that's the world would be better off if a number of leaders around the world were out of power. The question is, what price should the United States pay? The price we paid was very, very high and we're still paying that price. What do you mean? Usama bin Laden had been saying for years, America wants to invade an Arab country and occupy it an oil rich Arab country. Even saying this, this is part of his propaganda. So what did we do after 9.11? We invade an oil rich and occupy an oil rich Arab country which was doing nothing to threaten us. In other words, we stepped right into Bin Laden's propaganda. And the result of that is that al-Qaeda and organizations like it, offshoots of it, second generation al-Qaeda, have been greatly strengthened. Exhibit A, he now says, is the attack on the passenger trains in Madrid. Dick Clark worked for Reagan, Bush won, Clinton, and now here. He has a track record. Why do you think, man, with those credentials, would be so completely critical of the way this administration is handled the war in terrorism? Well, I don't know. I've not read the expert. I don't know. We said about the prior administration, which again was in office and dealing with this problem for eight years. We were in the office dealing with this problem for 230 days. The time when he left us, the conversations I had with him was that he was pleased that the leadership provider by the president. He did tell you he was pleased when he left. My belief was that he appreciated the leadership that the president had provided. But there's no hint of that in his book or in our interview. When Clark worked for President Clinton, he was known as the Terrorism Zarr. When George Bush came into office, though he kept Clark on at the White House, he stripped him of his cabinet level rank. They demoted you. Aren't you open to charges that this is all sour grapes? Because they demoted you and reduced your leverage, your power in the White House? No. Frankly, if I had been so upset that the National Coordinator for Counterterrorism had been downgraded from the cabinet level position to the staff level position. If that had bothered me enough, I would have quit. I didn't quit. Not for another two years, he finally resigned last year after 30 years in government service. The senior White House official told us he thinks Clark's book is an audition for a job in the carry campaign. Are you working to defeat Bush and are you working to help carry get elected? No, I'm not working for carry. I'm independent. I'm not working for the carry campaign. We're here at Harvard right now. You teach a course at the Kennedy School with carries National Security Advisor, Ranbeers. I have worked for Ronald Reagan. I have worked for George Bush. I have worked for George Bush. The second, I'm not participating in this campaign, but I am putting facts out that I think people ought to know. Looking back on September 11th, the day itself. I decide the attacks in the horrible images of those planes hitting. What do you remember? I remember trying very hard to keep my emotions in check. I knew people in the Pentagon. I knew people in the world-fraid center. I assumed that friends of mine had died and in fact it turned up they had. I felt the loneliness rage in anger against Elkida. But also a rage in anger against the US government that we hadn't been able to stop us. Well I'll tell you something. Some of that rage is in this book. Well it should be. Over the weekend, we got a note from the Pentagon saying any suggestion that the president did anything other than act aggressively, and effectively address the Elkida and Taliban threat in Afghanistan is absurd. There's that tickin and keep sound like, did you see the goddess on the CNN? No, I was watching Jerry. Oh, shame on you. There she was looking at a really book. 1232 at 560, every human, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The only one mortgage from financial group, the benefits are incredibly a pay zero closing. Cause zero application fee, zero credit zero fee and zero discounted points. Get the new low interest rate of just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are just 334 a month. If you have a 200 thousand dollar loan, you'll pay just 60 eight a month. And don't forget once you refinance or get new a mortgage from financial group, you will never ever pay those ugly nasty closing costs again. So call tool free and get all the information about it. Call 1-866-395-LIM. Get the low rate mortgage you deserve. Then move to the next property would know for the cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dot fee, zero closing cost even when you move to another property. Get yourself that unbelievable, unbeatable low financing rate just 1.25%. With the only one mortgage from financial group, a never pay closing cost again. For details call 1-866-395-LIM. That's 1-866-395-L-END either an equal housing lender. Restrictions apply rate-sumptive change monthly for 0.21-8BR. This is your 20-uply 60-uply QA-N. Drugs. This is your brain being chopped ablits by finally home meat fever. This is your brain in a blender. And this is your brain being stared into a big pot of chili. Brains. Real food for real people. All right. So like all the hard burn. Don't don't don't ever eat. Don't don't don't don't let me cut it inwards. Don't don't don't fall. I'll keep you as me. President of the world. Repolicate muscle days. And in our case we live hideous. I don't know why. Say a word. Want to never know each other. First from the neck for years. With President of the world. I'm so full. I'm so full. All what I can do. I'm so full. And get to we go vote at home. Here you are, this. Don't don't don't let me. Don't don't don't let me. Don't don't don't leave it. Lovers in me. He's president of the world. You don't care what is done. You got to me. You got to come across the Christian world. I'm so full. I'm so full. What do you want to do? I want to do it. Thank you. Thank you. 849 votes on a poll. By the way, we need. Let's see. 262 more people to. Side of petition on stop. CC.com by two o'clock. Or we're going to be pissed off. That'll give us two and I see even 9,000 so far. And that'd be good. We'll take it. So far. With all the FCC crack going on. The old should we ask 849 votes. Just keep. Rip and push an ass. 571. Which I think which you clerked in a magnificent job of doing. Keep going as best you can. 168. Retire. Look at that. 54. It's up to 6.3% effect. You've watched that going up as I was playing the Leslie Stalt piece. I can't imagine those people are like me to be off the air. Can you? Oh no. I can't imagine. Do a sports show. 18. Do a hockey show. 17. Go back to all bedtime stories. 14. And play music. Only seven. Only seven. For playing music. It's wrong with these people. Here's the facts from a chronic in vocals. Thanks for playing the 60 minutes audio. Enjoy the show. He says that you might be used to know that up here in central Florida. QMS coming in fine. But it's surrounded by right wing Orlando stations at 540 and 580. We're surrounded. So while listening to Richard Clark calmly tell the truth. One can adjust the touch of a finger to the radio just down to rush. They're trying to rewrite history to save John Kerry or up to Neil Bush. The same coveted on CBS is publishing that book. Endless loud lies. Boy, Miss Fudge must have meal boards worked up to a frenzy. And the goddess was on CNN or at the right wing schforzer. Armstrong Williams. What a contrast. Keep the truth coming. It says go national as soon as you can. Now what a joke. But the George PS found stop FCC. Come several weeks ago to mention on move on dot org. Groups like that would large membership need to keep pushing on that and you're right. All you people that are involved in move on dot org. You should get them off the dime. We could have our million signatures in no time. Could be if they would really push this instead of just, you know, a little mention here or a link there. That's not good enough. You got to keep pushing it man. Am I right or what? Look at he split it could be done. There he goes again. Jack did you hear him say that in a Friday? Yeah. See he's monitoring you. No, you don't realize it. He's monitoring your actions. Don't get you. 19 till one the mad dog had to the hump or from wind of Nassau Crystal Palace 47 to sacked on the hump or in a Bahamas mind. And then Hurricane Hotline at seven or Lando El Segurio the big eight to ten who was embarrassingly a week with mode this morning. What was he doing on this morning? Sitting in for a guilty. Advocate ten and sporting news radio overnight. Oh, but why? What is he doing on there? Oh. I mean, mold by himself is better enough. But mold and the big mold and oh, man. That's an almost. Yeah. The almost show. I'm in time to pre-years. You ought to call that a mattress. One 800 mattress. They back up everything they say in the advertising a hundred percent. But their competitors still like to lie a lot. When you see a mattress at making outrageous claims. Please do yourself a favor and read that fine print. They're just tons of lies and BS out there. Here's an example. The ad screen half off. But that's only a place to eliminate it. Selected by them is that you'd never choose anyway. Everything else of course, full price. And they probably doubled the regular price first anyway. And you'll probably never be able to make a first change if you don't like it. But at Donna mattress, the rants had no tiny print and no disclaimers. When you call one 800 mattress, you'll see that the prices are so low. Other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete. Now, the mattress has an over 30 day. I'm a good man. Coupled exchange policy and all beds including yours. And don't forget when you call that, you'll see that it's 1 800 mattress. You're getting company ranked number one in customer satisfaction. From Kendall to Stewart, Palm Beach to Ford Myers, Donna mattress reminds you to read the fine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them. So what you'd be waiting for, do what I've done for years now. We need new bed. Make that one simple call. They'll be there knocking on your door. No time at all. Call 1 800. What is it? 1 800 mattress? That's what I said. Or log on to mattress.com. That'll mattress 1 800 mATT RESD Honest Way, the smart way to get you a great new bed. My and local year sports video 560sueling 2 AM. Music Tyler Bane FC C, Bines from Newly. Feeling so sensitive. My show is now set alone. Don't know what you expect me to be. We're under a risk next to you. Take me off my show. So close I've got to go. That's true. It's not true. Every word that I say is under the mic. It's close. So close. It's a cold in my room. Fight, wake up so, Play, wake up, Break up, wake up, Break up so, Play everything we've got. We're still in the old I want to. This is the way more dirty. But don't fire me, too. Now I can do probably 3 9000. Or maybe 757. We're in code in this way. We know our signature is done there by 2 o'clock for 9000. From 4. Yeah, 433 as always as between now and 2 o'clock. Another hour and 12 minutes. You think we can do it? No, come on. Let's get with it. What does it take? Like I said in the letter that they never published in the Sun Sentinel. What does it take to get people off their ass? You know, I was going to play the word police there and I just don't. I mean, we can't play it. Oh, how? So as limited as we were before the jica article on Saturday, we're even a lot more limited now, right? Sure. We can't say, gee, damn we can't say, That's we can't say that. And there would be those goodly two shoes people would say, Well, you know, you don't need to use that kind of language anyway to do a radio show. You know what it reminds me of? If you want to a theater to see like the big new movie of the day, whatever it might be. And every time they used a four letter word in the movie and sitting here in the word, you hear, like that, right? Well, you don't think started censoring movies at the theater. People would say, what the hell is this all about? We were here in those words in movies 30, 40 years ago. And I don't know, if you can entertain people without that kind of language, if you can't entertain people like they're all a bunch of five or six year olds, then you just ain't no entertainer. Liny Bruce is rolling over at his grave. It's what what's going on right now. And a public sits back as usual. Like that. Can't get him off the grass. You know, Leslie Stahl, who just like we said before, So what a week to us through that very, very important interview. The one line that just just blew me right off the chair. She says, do you think he really risked people's lives? Just like in the Godfather, who's being naive now, okay? Do you think he really risked people's lives? Well, here's one. And explosion and bad that near a US patrol killed another American soldier and a Iraqi interpreter, the military said. While a car bomb blew up near a US Air Force base, North of the capital Monday, killing two Iraqi civilians and wounding 25 hours. They've splurged and begged that wounded three West soldiers beside the deaths. You think he really risked people's lives? Based on lies? Based on the fact that they already made up their mind to go in there? Well, there's no good targets in Afghanistan. There's lots of good targets in Iraq. So says Rummy. And we still have that picture of him shaking hands with his good buddy, but he saw them back in the 83. That picture's still there on the website. What does it take to get across the American public? They're their hopeless. Absolutely positively hopeless. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, calls today way off. Way a week, really week. WQAM, hello. I'm losing. WQAM, hello. Yeah, how you doing, you? Okay. I think CBS would have a lot more credibility with that story. If they had disclosed that their parent company is... What's the reason for that? Well, I'm just saying I think it's going to be a great reason, but I think they're self-serving that they're promoting it. It's almost conflict of interest. I don't think so. Okay, thanks, Niel. Okay. Parat that misfudge line is conflict of interest. Why? Because you don't understand that when you've got these gigantic companies that don't publish in companies and broadcast companies, what does that have to do with it? Who doesn't own what? Right. But what's all this amperive? This guy's just just periting again the same thing, the same right wing garbage from his fudge. This is the response now. Let's smear CBS again because they have a vested interest here. They're promoting a book. Forget about the book. Forget about what they're promoting. Listen to what the guy said. So if you'd have gone on date line, this is some... Some waving liberal one on it. This is a guy worked under Reagan and Bush one, and Clinton and Bush two. This isn't like some... Some wild-eyed liberal came on here and made these charges, but don't confuse some of these people with a fangs. And this is the way the right wing always operates. You've got all the hookwords, the buzzwords, the catchphrases, you know. Just throw that stuff out there and in and date the public with it, and pretty soon they'll start to believe it. But if you weigh him, hello. How you doing, Uncle Niel? Pretty good? That was a real interesting last night. It's just every time they put somebody to rebut the gentleman's name, I can't forget the position administration. They always do a real good Ralph Crandon invitation to homin' a homin' a homin' a homin' a homin' a... And to be as I think, it's a pretty good job with the get back to him that it was pretty much like heapsing the car on those notes and certain things. And it just gets an appointment. And no matter what you put out to American spaces, this still might probably be a still my criminal listen. They go listen to what Rush says. Where are we writing his career to him that? I don't know what to do, but it just as long as you just keep on pushing along and maybe some people listen to just... Look at me saying money on how are you guys going to do that? We're looking up to money to get this thing advertised. Well, we're working on it. All right. And you had mentioned something else before, about something, somebody mentioned something about, brush something on the show or whatever. You know, they just had something in the tone of what they just... bunch of another hotel because a girl looked at her top. Oh, it's good, a girl gone wild with a court accent. And they're making money off of that. But he just depends on what part of the country you are and what they're going to want to go on and what they're not going to allow. No, not anymore. Well, I guess like you said it almost four years ago it's a start of Nazi Germany here and... Okay, good luck in Palais, I'll see you tomorrow. Okay. Hello. Not there alone. QAM Hello. Yes, sir. Can you cut me some flatjack? Hello. Hello. Hey, Niam. Yes, sir. I voted at the CC.com. Thanks for putting up the word. And you can somewhere but you get up off the raft. I can't believe you have gotten from the godfather. When some of you is running out of the house and you get to wipe on the causeway. I can't believe you haven't gotten that drop. Do you can call me the news from sign? What's that? What is that mean? I don't get it. I was hoping you could explain it. Tell them the good news from a sunny. Okay. 560560 we need 239 more signatures for 9,000 by 2 o'clock. That's just a number I picked out of the area. I thought we could easily get that. And that probably we do a public service to stop taking a call between now and two and just let them get to their computers. Because I would say level of a call is about 90% today on a scale of zero. I've been minus infinity. But that's okay. I mean you're under a lot of stress. Lot of pressure. WQAM. Hello. A meal. Yes, sir. In these trying economic times, I'd sworn to let you know all the websites called mine. The gas prices.com. Yeah. I don't know if you heard of it. But it basically has people on their registering and telling people where the lowest price gas is or the highest price in the last 72 to 84 hours. Right. I kind of very useful. Also, my wife and I each went on at spotfcc.com and it's actually sort of both. And I'm sorry to hear that over 70% of your company fits your now. Unplayable. Now I would say 90% now. 90% that's unbelievable. All right. I'll see you on the red planet meal. Okay, pali. Bring the gas. Now see, or nearly, if I said, bring the gas, I would, you know, there's something I would drop in there. We can't do that no more. You just get in the habit of doing all of these things like it. You're like getting out of bed in the morning. Can't do it no more. All of these things. Right. Can't do this and you can't say that. Based on what? Well, we just decided. We just made it up. Michael Powell was offended by that booby on TV. He never saw one before. He never looked in the mirror before I guess. Just dazzling the idea that, oh, we's talking about, oh, America, the great mission and all the freedoms we've got. And about the freedoms we're going to help them have an Iraq. Let me say it again. I guess he's talking about the freedoms that we used to have here in America. My life and look before they stole the ice in 42560. 212. Stop on to 211. Hi, hey. Jump in the taxi car about that driver, central home. You look that mean so quishickery. I could tell he wasn't a dog. So I acted out my pop-shurrayed. And with my arms, the trees I made. There's no bug to speak English and a mongon. I went down to my, yeah, I made a witchware. The weather is nice and sunny. I walked into a liquor stall, but the guy there talks real fun. I asked him for a pint of fortune, be me just not to end up. What does that mean? The butter's cooking wish. Got him more. Got the corner deline. Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's thick English smelly. Are you going back to the hour? I came here for a year to go. I learned my ABC. I don't say much as gross years. I say pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're an American now. Stop making me sick. Stop making me sick. Stop making me sick. I'm going to go to a Thai 60 WCM 8771. Florida petitioner signatures on at stopfcc.com. 200 and 29 to go in the shower. Can we do it? No. Not even close. We won't come with a million miles. That's sad. No, we'll do something eventually. What does that mean? It's all good. Every little bit helps. We'll do something eventually. I don't get the significance of that statement. I don't do the fundraising thing and all that. I see. It's disappointing though that these people just don't get it. They just, I mean, you know, they're some who did. But I think we've shot our. So far. You know, I'm going to catch my drip. So far. That's it. Last week, two or three days. And there was this big response. Everybody, but that's it. There must have no care. They don't care enough to send it very best. Even if they're very worst. You think they want a big shot. Big time. Like me. Get to an ear. Can we say schmuck? No. That'll think so. A big time. Like me. I mean, people think that I'm exaggerating that I'm abelishing. This we don't know what the hell we can say anymore. And the idea that we got some broad over there in Naples who sit in their who fancies yourself as some hot shot attorney. And she sit in their making these decisions. Now based on the best advice in our corporate lawyers. And what does that mean? What the hell does that mean? I think the music thing is the answer. Maybe we have to worry about it. Any words? Question you got to worry about the words in a music. But it's very easy to like. Yeah. Instruments. Baby. Ah, yeah. All ventures all day. Make sure that none of those instruments sound anything like a sound effect. So no. Maybe how about tequila by the chance. So once in a while, let's throw in little champs. Lots of adventures. Oh, yeah. Love the ventures. Maybe a little bit Mitch Miller, although they had some vocals. Right. Not a great kind of. We got Frank Mills like the music box dancer guy. And how about some vocals sound good to me? Right. John Tash. We got a CD in here somewhere. Right. Although now we got some vocals in here. But I'm not really sure we can play like this one. Which could play the game. Yeah. I don't know what the lyrics are. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, raspberry. Hey. Oh. F-2-0-560-560-0-8-t-t-line. What all the F-c-c crab going on? Neoshedu-what is our pull question? 8-943 votes? Just keep ripping abortion ass, 639. Keep going as best he can, what 84? Retire! 57, 6% say I should retire. Not a bad idea. Send me some money, but in fact, instead of raising money for the ads for stepfcc.com, how about just my retirement fund sounds good instead? Okay. Do a sports show, 21. Do a hockey show, 21. Go back to all bedtime stories, 14. Well, that hasn't moved even one vote. They hated that. In fact, the 50 people who did like it have probably gotten out anyway. Not an event. They use it seven out of 943 votes. Under God, key phrase for court this week. Oh, good. I love this. I think we'll do the pull on it tomorrow. Boston Globe is taking their own pull on it. And it's about 50 50 last time I checked it's about even steamer. We're shocked to hell out of me, especially with all the good cat looks up there in the England. The Supreme Court plunges back into the nation's culture wars this week exploring a new the role that religion can play in public life as the justice is examined the constitutionality of the pledge of allegiance. And I'm one of those old thoughts old enough to remember before they used to go step us along and make a say under God in the pledge of allegiance. In Jesus name, Amen. On Wednesday morning, the justice is will hold on one hour hearing with the attorneys over the meaning of the words in the pledge affirming that America exists under God. A phrase that appeals courts at a monster a religious exercise and must be omitted when public school children recite the pledge. And those people who say that are the lower court ruling has been condemned by President Bush, both houses of Congress and a multitude of political religious and conservative advocacy organizations. Organizations. And as produced 51 legal priests more than in most cases arguing the pros and cons of the issues before these supreme court. The total enrolling in February 2003 by the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit Basin San Francisco as well as the support of a number of organizations including Americans united for separation of church and state, the ACU and parace atheist groups as well as a number of scholars of law history and religion. Americans united cause the case to most controversial religion in schools case since the school pair decisions of the early 60s. That's 1960s. If the justice is designed that the phrase under God makes the pledge like a prayer, they construct out its use in public schools the only setting at issue in a case. But if they're persuaded instead that the phrases a patriotic expression like the Declaration of Independence and the Stamin that basic rights come from the creator, they probably would withhold a pledge. The ruling on that guy and by the way not only that do we force kids to recite the Declaration of Independence in schools? No, no, no. So it's the words of the connection, I don't get it. But it's a patriotic expression, I didn't know that God was all that patriotic, I thought he liked the Jews over there, although lately he wouldn't know it. The ruling on that constitutional question could be difficult for the court either way said brecchi, sharpsay, law professor, and Brigham Young. He likes him young. The court in this case is reaping the consequences of decades of vacillating and uncertain doctrine in this area of law, the relationship between government and religion, the pledge Kate Sharps said, may give the court an opportunity clarify its doctrine. Although they're ruling either way in the pledge to be a major event in constitutional law, two factors may prevent the court from deciding to question it all. First only eight of the nine justices will hear the case and decide it. Oh, here's some great news. Great news, finally. Justice Antonin Scalia recus himself from the case after questions are raised about his impartiality because of sharp public criticism he had made of the nine circuit decision. Scali is absence from the pledge case raised in the prospect of a four to four split, which would simply uphold the appeals court decision against the under God phrase, but without an opinion by the justices. That would make the appeals court decision binding only in California and the eight other states include in the nine circuit, but that would be a considerable result affecting nine million public school students to which we say. Yeah. Second, a basic question as original whether he Supreme Court lower courts have the authority to decide the case. That question involves a dispute growing increasing or complex as the case unfolded about what the California eightiest who successfully challenged the pledge recital in public schools had illegal right to bring his case if he did not, his lawsuit would be dismissed and the pledge was damaged as it is. But that would make the issue go away as a conservative adversary ever because he grew up the AC at the American civil rights union, public court and illegal brief. There should be no doubt that if this case is dismissed without decision, another test case on the same issue will be brought somewhere in the country, and in about three years that case will arrive in this court for determination. In the meantime, at the school districts across the nation would have no reliable idea of whatever teachers could lead students and the pledges recital kind of like us here on the air, you know what? They have no guidance. We don't know what the law is today. It's one thing tomorrow. It's something else today you can say tomorrow you can't say it. Wednesday maybe we can say it. There is a we can't say it. The fact that there are people just forming at the mouth about this about what's going on with freedom of speech in this country is staggering to me. It's amazing. It's not just about Howard Stern or Bubba Love Spunger, the two guys that got suspended in Atlanta or all of these other fines and firings and suspensions going on and threats. We're going to take away your license. We're going to find you fifty million dollars. All right, so they'll say they ought to make ten trillion dollars. Every time they say crap, it should be ten million dollars. Take a pinky. So crap, crap, crap. There's there's thirty million right there. How do you like that? Oh my god. Gosh, I'm thirty man. Yeah. Thirty million for crap. Here's the facts that says I understand most anti-bosh advocates people to come down to the bush followers, not believing the lies and deeds of the administration. I honestly believe many of the bush rights are new, it's all lies and believing the agenda. The approve of takeover of weaker nations and the destruction of other societies. This is a little bit too soon and let's show for me. Let's see, is anyone those two legal? No. I mean, can you play the if you think this is as long as dirty go after yourself? Well, no, to see that, that's farmer's daughter. Right. I'll also this one size, find the stop at CC.com. Thank you. Now we can play that because the words aren't there. They just don't exist. I mean, if they're there in your mind, that's that's up to you. That means you've got a potty mouth dirty mind like most of us, but they're not there. In fact, I think I'm going to play that after the break. There's absolutely nothing wrong. That's one of the few that we can play. That's even like a little bit suggestive. But double on time. Now can't do no double on time or triple on time and quadruple on time. Fifty years in jail. No parole. No really parole for good behavior for a quadruple on time. But I'm sure that our brain trusted QAM are working feverishly right now. They're emailing and they're calling and they're they're crying. Oh, Greg, what are we going to do? To get us all the answers we need, aren't they? Yeah, sure. Oh, oh. Hey, it's so tough to stick to those diets, man. A lot of them sound good in the beginning and then you lose interest in the have to count calories. You have to worry about buying this stuff and that's up. Balance for life makes it simple because they do all the figuring out on the shopping for you. Balance for life is the premier meal delivery service based on the zone diet and deliver right your door. Three fantastic delicious fresh gourmet meals in two snacks every day in a little black sack. With all that food, how can you say you're on a diet because you're going to be full all day, which is the key, you're not going to have to be cheating in between. So try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet. Don't settle for limitations. Imagine no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning, no calorie or carb counting and people are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life. The zone diet has been proven to lower your blood sugar, high cholesterol, and high blood pressure too. And now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet, here's your chance. Although I can't imagine why, balance for life is the closest thing to ever find. Because balance for life is the only meal delivery coveted that offers you menu choices that let you go from phase one to phase three of that South Beach diet. No matter what it is that you do it right now, if it's not working for you, you'll really owe yourself and attempt to balance for life program because that could be the answer you're looking for. Feel the difference these results on the scale almost right away. Call them today at that new toll free number, 1-866-2254543. That's 1-866-2254543 or check them on that wicked worldwide web at balance for life.com. Hey boy young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and laces and white fluffy dark. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children's old age would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, ref you send litter from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the middle was robbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dock. He looked like a man with a side above home in the country. Will be fence out front. If he asked her phone like she showed him her little pet go who was subject to this and maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with the movement so quick. And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy so taste the made-up butter scotch. And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty you can go **** yourself. Excellent, lady thank you for the good job. Whoever did that they did. Can't at well. Well that's what I'm in. 1-18 is 5-60 W to come. Mike Faxes and says mymigastpresses.com check out what bushes buddy's paying gas. Love your show. See what the border. Highly Hitler says Mike. Pretty sad thanks for those low gas prices Mr. President. Thank you very much. 5-6705-6-5-6 pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Land. The calls have been fabulous today make no mistake about it. How did you QAM hello? Hey Mr. Rogers, how are you doing? I'm finally got it. Okay. What are you doing? Right wing about out in the out-of-the-date paddages of Tate-O with a large ass right now, man. Yeah. They scrambling the date man. I think what problems lead. If this guy was set the bad personal set that's didn't help. Why didn't they say it now? I mean, why would you that bad when they kept him from putting in middle streets and they just got this car guy was so bad. You know what about Ray and Roy about Reagan and Bush won about daddy. This is what I'm saying. This guy's been that for 30 years. I'm just like now he's been up by turning the man. But they kept that listen. Let me explain something to you. Explain it. These people here are so corrupt. You know what I mean? And friends, when they're in the family struggle, come and buy out of them too. I just want to eat that fire for it. Turned care should be ashamed to say what you feel and mean. What you say, these people are corrupt. I'm so happy when you say that. You want to get the power to the country. Listen to the feedback. They have some real idiots calling me into this show. Yeah. You're really seeing what we do with an American man. I think it's a okay, probably hang in there. I said the border. Uh, I don't think village in 8798. We're not to make it much progress. You're 222 away from 9000 on stopfcc.com. I don't know what it like I said, but it takes, but we're not gonna. I'm not gonna bust a good about it. Bus the one. Got. Got. Top of gut. You can talk about Uma Mowl. This can't play it. We can say we can't play it. Can't say this no more. We sure can't f**k say that no more. But they haven't really don't care. So that's a, hey listen, don't bother you. Don't bother me. We can play the same five bits over and over again. I can pay the same. I thought we were gonna. Yeah. Well, so we won't get no more bonus. Oh well. Wait, go. The onus is on the bonus. What about that under God business? So I will do that tomorrow. We'll take the poll. There, the, the, now the Boston Globe and their polls interesting the way they, and I know to since I mentioned it, it's probably our people. Probably people go in our Boston Boston.com, which is the Globe's website. Go ahead. Have a good time. I know this. It's kind of like a 47 to 40. Do want to keep the pledge away. It is now with the under God. And then the other 13 or 12% whatever was said, who the hell cares? I have more important things for the Supreme Court to be worried about right now. Not just one of them things. Like maybe freedom of speech, something like that. Like the Bill of Rights. You can't have that. You can't have freedom of speech. We'll decide what speech it is. And then we'll let you know. Maybe one of these days and maybe not. So you just keep guessing. That's what it uses me about our middle-level management people is. Well gee, I mean we gave it that list last week. Oh gee. We want some guidelines. We want our company policy. Okay. We want some rules and regs. We want to roll with some speed limit signs on it. 88.09. It's not just driving down the big Hershey highway. Okay. Although, Muck probably has been down that road a few times. See what I mean? There you go again. 80809. 1951 away. Do you think we can make it? Hello? Oh boy. He's laughing. It wasn't that good. Oh, that's not what he said. It was probably true, but it wasn't that good. See now there's another one that that is right along that line. Careful right on the edge. I think on the safe side, but nevertheless, I don't think if we say that. We're all, you know. WDQAM. Hello. And nice talking to you too. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Yeah. I just wanted to call about the freedom of speeches you in the censorship. When I got at high school in mid-80s, there was a solar guy I worked with. And he told me a story back in 1939 when he went to see him gone with the wind. He said that when he said frankly, Scarlet, I don't get it down. The whole theater was like, oh my gosh, do you say damn, oh my god. Are you kidding? They made such a big deal with. Oh my god. It was just, it was unbelievable. That was like we were looking back at this. That was 65 years ago, man. 65 years ago, and now we're making them look progressive. Thanks again, Palmy. Don't say again, damn it. Oh my god. Thanks. 88.09. We need to 1951 people out there who care enough to send their very best. I'm sure that if we just push it and plug it and crack it and twisted. We can't say that either. No. You're sitting right there at your computer. All of you idiots there at QAM. Now my girl cared enough to send his very best. He signed on a petition. What about Josh? Did you do it? I did. Josh did it. George did it. I did it. Anybody else in NSW has been probably not, but you're mom didn't do it. She don't have no computer. Hey, my fault. Right. She didn't have no computer. What do you mean Josh is bomb? I bet you're mom didn't do it either. You're your mom. Yeah, you're mom didn't do it either. She don't know. Everybody's got a computer. And if not, they can go steal one real quick. Okay? If I can go right now in any of those places, they're all over the place and spider George's ignorance about them. All those internet cafe places. They're all over the here in Toronto. There's one in every corner. I just said I didn't see any down here. Internet cafe. Pop a little changing that machine. They give it a little little ticket comes out with a number on it. You pop that number. You're printed in there. But I'm being you're on the internet. For just a few sent you can be on there long enough to go to stop FCC dot com and sign a petition put your name in a dry. You don't even have to put your address on there. Just the city where you live. You're not to put your shoe size. See there a whole lot of people. Oh gee, I'm scared. I don't want to put mine in. Why not? If you're that scared of the American government, then you should be moving right now. You should be on a banana boat somewhere. But you're really that scared. I'm trying to be on a banana boat somewhere. As much as much as a content design for the present government there, I mean, if you're that nervous about it, then how to help can you possibly still be in America? Catch my drift. Well, they got the guns. Let me just see it's hard to refresh this thing because it doesn't have an 88 16. Well, what do you do? We got seven more there while I was right in and raven. Then ain't good enough. That's not good enough. They got to be coming in. I don't understand this thing. I'm not saying they're getting a million signatures guarantees that we're going to get these uh, clowns to back up. But it's a hell of a way to make the politicians sit up in an election year and take a look and say, wow, people are pissed off and fired up and they're not going to take any more of this. We better start looking at this. We better start addressing the issue as opposed to just posturing as moral goodly two shoes who are holding you then now because we think that's the perception of public wants of us. Voloni, we know you're all a bunch of perverts on you people in Congress. You're a bunch of perverts just like we are. So when I had you going to loosen up a little bit and stop the crap crap. Say it again. Spel it with a K crap. Don't they make that good macaroni and cheese crap? Yeah, it is. I do like that. Can't eat it. But poor. I mean, I'm not brand. You don't know. Well, what's the good one? All of the other ones. Borden makes a nice one. You know what's really good? Yeah, I do, but what do you think about hamburger helper? Oh, yeah, I agree. Wow. You know it. But you I told you those stories. What I used to do is you're a soda when I went 50,000 pounds. Hamburger less helper. I cook up the whole thing with a hamburger with a pound of hamburger. Cook up the whole thing and be a big juggerge Hawaiian punch with sugar. I need that pie and watch out. Like the football game college football Saturday afternoon eat the whole thing. Can you even a smoker? I mean, a water pipe. I smoker. And that's it. Josh, did you notice that Mark the time down? Mark down the time. 126 Monday, March 22. Your pipe's promoting drug purfine area. And that only that. But he's promoting that potty mouth for real. Wow. Thanks a lot for a while by the way for being on this station because it was his all of that business with him. That's what started where we are right now on QAM. I'm not playing in him for the whole national thing, but in terms of QAM, that's why there are unloading there are diapers every five seconds. I say unloading in their diapers well at two. 27 after one at five, 60 WQM, you're very pure and lily-wide station. Make no mistake about it. Be sure to tell everybody where his pure as it gets. Just like from the White House pure crap. If you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid and overworked, how do you like to get yourself a real career and a big paycheck that goes along with it so you can basically have a life. I have no line. Well get one. Pick up the phone and call fast train right now. Tull free at 1-866 fast train. They can have you train in certified for a great high-paying computer career by like the latter part of the summer. Sure you can be fully trained already for that new career in as little as four short months. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes. If it around your schedule no matter what I might be. Fast train offers job placement assistance financially. The guys who qualify and, because there are seven convenient fast train locations all over Florida, there is bound to be one nearby use. So don't wait to cut the phone and call them today. Check them out on the web first if you like fast train.com and then make that call that can really change your life in a most positive way. Get you some serious cash. Call 1-866 fast train. Okay. All right, those are a little bit of that. They're in a break to make sure I can play it. And then I just trusted Volka Bryant. Finally we chord one bit. I've been hit. One of those words and I've gone a blind. There's one. 8846 from Florida on stop at CC.com 154 to go for 9000. Wouldn't that be sweet in a half an hour 154? They could do that in the next 10 minutes you know. If they wanted to. If they really wanted to. If they wanted to carry up the set of very best. Just this one time. Just this one time people get with it. Get your finger out and tap it. That the computer keyboard. Stop FCC.com and stop the insanity once and for all. Egypt unveils. Restore its our Coppicus of Ramsay's six. What's that good? We've got where says our Coppicus. Oh, that's an attribute. Right. There's a word you don't hear too often. I don't know why. It's a great word. Egypt yesterday unveiled the restore its our Coppicus of Ramsay's six. Peased together from 250 fragments. And now I'm promoted to display where I was first entered in the massive tomb of the ancient fairy, Afaro who ruled about 3, 100 years ago. Chip Vincent director of the Egypt project of the American Research Center in Cairo said 10 American Canadian and Egyptian experts worked for two years on the reconstructed these sarcophagus carved in the shape of a mummy from a single block of green conglomerate. In the past visitors to the tomb would only see the broken pieces of the sarcophagus of Vincent said. Now they had the experience to see the head and the face of the ferro. And that great? It's something the restored lid shows a face with white said eyes and full lips in the cross-tans held a whole royal scepter as much of the lid as missing however. And some fragments on the size of the port would steal rods. Yeah, they must be trapped in their pants at the White House. I'll tell you after that piece on 60 minutes last night which we played the audio last hour. To try out Cheney to bring him out of the closet by President Vic Cheney out of the bunker to bring you out of his hiding in his bunker like Heinrich Kimmer and put him on with Rush today. The owner how many they were popping to two of them huh? You've heard of Hell's Apopin as you call that trope Pills Apopin. And how come we don't hear any more about that other than uh that up. Roy Black is pissed off about this and Roy Black is pissed off about that and you're picking on poor Rush. We don't want to say he's a hypocrite do we? Yeah, yeah. Finger pointing ton of crap. Come on Wilma we need some more Wilma. What the North America ship and Wilma the good stuff. 88 46 what did I say when you go or didn't turn it up? I forgot to turn it up. What do you mean by that? In other words you don't know the towel. You don't think I can do it. No, it can be done. I mean, physically it can be done. I mean logistically it can be done. But in terms of this crowd, I mean there is uh somebody from Kuro Gables on there which we think them but the last five people to sign Indiana Washington the state of Washington uh Michigan and uh white Lake Michigan the list and Kuro Gables. Well that's good. That's something good. Have it in a gable. Thank you. The guy that said he's uh doing a thing with it. Now what did this? What just happened here? Why did this print out? I didn't print it. Did you send me this? Send your wife. I must be losing it. I've just printed it out to all the stop FCC resolve. I didn't send that. 8846 and we're not that far behind California. I should point out. Well again, make it into a contest. Make it into a fun thing. And we'll raise $50,000 a hundred thousand dollars faster than you can say. And get ads all over the place. Well that's our million signatures. At least we'll go down fighting anyway. As opposed to just pretending we're on some kind of an ego trip. I don't want to mention any names. Just can't stand that stuff. Canadians horrified by the discovery of an alleged serial killer in their midst of an confronted with even worse news. They may have eaten animals that ate the victims. Do you see this story? No. The farmer's suspected of killing at least 22 women is feared of dispose of their bodies by feeding them to his pigs. The pigs were slaughtered on his farm 30 kilometers that's 18 miles east of Vancouver and the meat given hundreds of local people. A rat. Police this week confirmed samples of the pygmy probably contained human DNA. Raising the prospect that those living near the farm of suspected killer Robert William picked in eight his victims. They're eating people. Sounds like both of her is all over again. Picked in 54 apparently had a habit of slaughtering pigs wrapping up the meat into distributing it to associates and friends. Many of picked in victims were prostitutes. The killer regularly gave her from his farm to other sex workers. And the old days I have a great line for that but I can't see it. The old days we'll just have to imagine it. Oh, what a good luck. Back in the day. Those are my friends that he served up said one prostitute this week after learning she may have eaten meat contaminated with a friend's DNA. Families of the missing women expressed shock at the news with one telling of Vancouver radio station on that eating dinner tonight. How about some macaroni and cheese please? Pellies have asked anyone with frozen pork products from the farm to turn them into authorities immediately. Health officials are examining whether human pathogens and diseases such as hepatitis and HIV could have been transferred through the meat products. Police arrested picked in February 2002 but only announced this week. They had found human remains another DNA samples at the farm. He's been charged with 15 are counts of first to be murder and the disappearance is a woman over the past 20 years. They were eating people. Yeah, but they were who they were hookers. That oh, like I said back in the day there are a lot of lines of possibilities that come to mind. But that's because I'm a perfect just like you are. Sure. proud of it. With all the FCC crack going on that's our poll on theorages.com 154 votes. That's not too shabby. Neil should just keep ripping version ass 714 67.7% and look at this scomaculity pursued a policy. Because Richard Clark's accusations irresponsible. Yeah, they can't handle the truth at the White House. It's not responsible to tell what it is that they fake the whole world into a phony war and that they're doing all these human sacrifices over in Iraq. So anyway, just keep ripping bush 2-3 and say that. Keep going as best you can to 06. Just keep on trucking and we say trucking. No, just keep on doing it. Retire 63 5.9% say hey you old fart retire. Especially for the election they'd like that. Do a hockey show 24. Do a sports show 22. So a hockey show has moved in the lead. How do you like that? That's all. I'm hockey fans that are pissed off and fired up about that. Lexus parking section there at the Mac Arena. That to me is when you're having trouble selling any tickets when you give it all those tickets away, when you're only time to give any asses in the arena when you're given something away, when the team is like basically no chance left for the playoffs now with that island or when yesterday. And you're pissing people off by creating a Lexus park in area with like 9 or 10 cars in there and all the other people have to that much further even though they're paying additional preferred parking. I heard then I didn't know what the scream or eat the Chiquita's banana. I just can't believe it. Anyway retire 63. Hockey show 24. Sports show 22. Go back to all bedtime stories only 17. They hated it and play music eight out of a thousand 62. Come on let's play some music. What do you say? All the hits all the time. We got all the great jingles to go along with it. I don't think Clarence and the muffler too are crazy about the music idea. They didn't have too much to say about it. But I'm actually that the two of them fiercely are working on her right now about our dilemma. They're working on it and there's a lemon too. Oh, see that's a quadruple on time. What's that? I don't even know how to respond anymore. That's just a, it has reached a point where you every time you say anything you think well, when I couldn't say that, did I just say that? 141 at 5 60 WCM. Here's one thing. I'll try to have an user and dry concepts in my homes for over 20 years because there is nobody anywhere in the universe that comes close to the job they do for you and the whole deal all the way around. They don't give you any rip offs when they finish the job and say, oh, guess what? It was extra for this extra for that. They give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing their fantastic dry cleaning job. So whether you're at your carpet area right at your draper you want them professionally clean. Call the experts at dry concepts because they're simply the best in the universe. Using dry concepts certified trained technicians, they'll drag clean your carpet, like you'd right clean your clothing. That's why they call it dry concepts. Leaving your vibrant and color soft of the touch they smell. Lemony fresh. They're drying a couple of hours and it looks like you had brand new laid down. Check, I can't say, laid no more brand new carpeting laid down on your floor and even if you didn't. And don't forget, with dry concepts, your rugs will be dry like I said no time at all so you can clean today and entertain tonight. And when you do make that called, dry concepts, please ask them. How you can get on their stand by list because that'll save you next to 15% off your next carpet cleaning off their already unbeatable reasonable price. Call them today. You'll never dream of calling anybody else again. We use these people the first time. They're the best anywhere. Call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcets.com. Is it George W says no? All those girls in one teacher, he stopped the show. He sent down all the parties in the alcohol. Now let's bring great sucks into fun and all. We see the spikes, but she's red. And all day. We can't bring big and loud music in play. We won't even let you stay out past eight. The budget minutes, bringing it sucked on track. We see the spikes, pushes red. Absolutely. I'm proud of you. 1-47 at 5-60-70-50-50-50. So sad. 88-83. We just need another 117-70 get to 9,000, but we only have 13 minutes to do it. I don't think he's going to happen to you. So close though. Close but no sea guard. Jackson Brown was just inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame March 15. We could go today. Carlisle, we're rather the great human singwriter, songwriter. What I say, singwriter. A fine per visa to come to the US to sing as powerful amazing songs. He had concerts planned in Miami, New York and LA. Our government turned him down. Vases have been denied to other Cuban artists because their visits are detrimental to the interest of our country. In essence the government says that if Carlisle were able to play concerts in the US, the money he makes would go to Fidel Castro. This is untrue. In Cuba we're now in our, our disc keep much of what they earned because the government does want to delete the country. Live somewhere else. Yet the Bush administration used the same reasoning to keep Abraham for where of the Buena Vista social club, and Manuel Galdban from attending the Germany Award, the Grammy award ceremony in LA last month. Both men want awards. Germany, I guess, was a 40-inch slip. I guess. And also forced to postpone a of concerts by Spanish, or Fomeco, Master Paco de Luchia. Luchia? See, Paco de Luchia because he plays with Alan Perez Rodriguez, a Cuban board basis. I congratulate the State Department and finally the Truman and MS to pedazes is not detrimental to the interest of our country. All the loos of us are able to reschedule and hear him play this month, know that he's a truly dangerous man. In a profound way our government takes on the role of a presser when it tries to control which artists will be loved, access to our minds and our hearts. We may think we are isolating Cuba with our embargo and our travel restrictions, but it is we Americans who are becoming isolated. People travel to Cuba from Australia, Britain, Canada, Italy and Spain, countries with considered staunch allies, eh? US foreign policy toward Cuba is unpopular in American for good reason. It stops Americans from traveling to Cuba and Cuba is from coming into the States. It stops us from sharing medicine with E.O. and restricts our ability to sell food to the hungry. This policy is an outdated relic of the Cold War and exists only as a political payoff to the Republican-Leaning Cuban-American voters in Miami. The policy of punishing Cuba worse only when Americans see the angry face of Cuban repression, but in the face of Carlos Varello de Languages and the language of his music, Americans would not find the mask of a demon, but hear the aspirations of people just like themselves. Perhaps the most prominent paradox here is that Carlos Varello is known not only for his talent, but also for his courage to speak out through his songs, many of which have been interpreted as critical of the Cuban government. While these young Cubans respect the accomplishments of their leaders, they are ready indeed inpatient to run their own affairs. They want freedom for themselves and independence for their country. They want the new Cuba to be created by the Cuban people, not by the US. I believe in justice in human rights in the US and abroad. I'm saddened by the treatment by the Cuban government of the political distance in their country, along for the day when there's freedom for both Cubans and Americans to travel in both directions across the streets of Florida, without undoing interference by their governments. I want this freedom not just for artists, but for all people American and Cuban, who live each day in the hope for a just and prosperous future, giving Carlos Varello a visa to sing in America would be a good way to begin, rights Jackson Brown, and Dr. The Rock and Will Hall of Fame would go today. As Red Marble would say, Oh, Dr. My eyes. I can't move. This is for 20th place, 60th. You, A.M. I'm a father now, but I'm not gonna take that anymore. Oh! We're gonna make it George I think only 87 ago. We got a shot. The middle Eastern world will be exploded, but we're gonna die with people killed with the gas that we sold him. First time a crescent nation and the only one that's going, now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going, forget about Korea. The nook they're toe to man the right queen is really hit over and over it to our head. That a rock has some. Fapping some past the structure. Oh my God. Three thousand people killed. Our now forgotten let's exploit them instead. Hey, there's oil to be caught it. Going after centum to play Kato's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in Latin, but no it seems concerned all of them being complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel is in a station that controls us by fear through me and the manipulation and the right queen is dreaming it over and over and to our head. And I ragged as some weapons of past this structure. The loss of civil rights is the rights that were paid. We're all suspects now not the ash grump is seen. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying that I know beating a cattle don't have any reservation. Out of provoke battle and world annihilation. Old regime must fall and have a virgin and stoke with no objection at all. Till the crackstone of the falls and the right queen is really hit over and to our brain wash pants. I ragged as some weapons of past this structure. Now what was that all about? I can't get on there now. What what? That. What was that? Oh I just I had to know. Oh for no particular reason I thought maybe we got to 9000. No no it's just inspired. I got the music in me. I can't get to it. I can't get out of it. We had 813. They're all on there. Right at the ass. They want to leave me hanging. Thanks anyway. Everybody who signed a petition stop at CC.com. We don't need about 80's gazillion more. Did you hear me say John Geres? Did he come into say nice going John Geres. There's a guy that's got a pair from power 96. There's a one guy in the building along with Miguel and the rest of us on this show. He said he was going to go a lot. He'll get dirty. Kids. Kirby. Holder what? Because he don't want to have all those. He's going to have a hit by a record since it's on power 96. I mean where the hell does it stop? It isn't just about Howard Stern or Bubba the Love Spongebob or Neil Rogers or this and that. It's about whether or not you get to make any choices. It's whether one day all of a sudden the government gets better shape and they say, oh well we decided this is all very dirty and it's acceptable based on what. Well, you know it's just like a month on me this morning. He got. Huh? That's just cause. You get to get the email from over in Naples. She says well the g damn I know. We don't think so. But based on how does that fit in to sexual activity or eschatory activity? Huh? The questions don't like it. Well screw the questions is what I say. All right. I have. I'm sure and they like it. I can't get on this thing. So I'm going to have to assume that we got our own. Oh no. We don't have 89. 89.28. I just refresh. I see. Well, like I said, we're going to come very, very close. Maybe if there's this last minute flurry, huh? And this last minute before 2 o'clock. Anyway, that's uh, we'll have the pull come out. Then we keep for overlooking that important with all the FCC crack going on. The he'll should just keep in rip and motion as 766 keep going as best he can. 222 retire 64 or 5.6% do a hockey show 26. I do a sports show 23 go back to all that time stories 20 and play music only 8 out of 1129 votes. A staggering total. So from Monday, we kind of like steered the pot a little bit. And of course after your story, you know what's time to do. Time to smoke. Bye bye. I'm going to show I'm going to play. My own four more days. Stages taking charge of me. You damn 38.