Hi Stodgell, great book baby you demand, are they didn't tell him? 16.0. Hi Stodgell. We are sports radio five, 16. Tell you, Kiyam. My Ellie Ford Lutter Day though. Yeah. From the makers of CSI comes a show of our tackling on the nastiest criminals on the planet. Wacky morning show DJs. It's FCCSI. Okay, people, we've got a shockjacked making, a scatological comment about the female anatomy. Let's roll. See the Guardian's Addison C take down the pervayers of the film on FCCSI. So, can you guys think Juggies don't complain with strange men? What a point you! You guys get that? Uh, yep, that's three points, two juggies, a big dangler and a Lewinsky. Sir, we got a case. Let's move. Okay, I'll take care of the 14 for tickets. Please, FCCSI. What, what, what, me, what did I do? You don't know under the rest for the indecency on the airway. Oh, come on, that's good. Okay, well, if you let me go, I'll give you a morning sushi. That's what he said. I don't want your t-shirts come. I want your ass in jail. Uh, give me a third. Can you say ass? Sure I can. I'm not on the radio. I'm on TV. FCCSI. FCCSI. Only on CBS. When we're not exposing Janet Jackson's breast, I was super bold. We were exposing some really serious cry. It's a 10-01-5-60 W-A-M. It's some Monday. It's May 10th. Georgia to fight with us job last week. I'm sure. Yeah. Yes, you did. Why would you say that? I don't know. I just have that feeling. I can tell. I have that six-sense. Six-sense. Yeah. Like Gary Surnar might be in the building. Gary Surnar, I sure hope your playing-oh crash in a way back to Miami from New York. Okay. It would be a really bad thing. Wouldn't it? To bring Gary Surnar back in a little teeny tiny scratch-up pieces and a box and a bag and a sack. Anyway. What? Good vacation, fuck. I had a great vacation just that I hate Gary Surnar. He's a slime hole. See, I haven't forgotten what the was still saying. There's a few words we can still say. Fucking good man. Not too many. Anyway, I've had a couple of celebrity deaths. Everybody knows I'll read. Alan King died. Unless you're on the edge of 100, you probably don't know who Alan King is, right? Oh. Right. So, who Alan King is? He was on the edge Solomon show 93 times, big in a way back in the 50s. I think he was a 76-di-di yesterday. Alan King. Alan Cancer. Smoke up a storm. He smoked man. He was not just a chain smokeer. He was smoking chains. He was like a wild man. And he's dead. 76. Alan Cancer. And. Look at that. I got great reads. The memo stuck in between the two slumber deaths. You think there's an old man there? Wow. I'm going to say it again. Okay. Since I'm going to let it all hang out today. I really am. Good thing it's radio. I have never ever seen a man make so many mistakes and continually come out small like a rose like Regary. This man. He is just a. We're fine. Did it. Yeah. He's just an extra way to happen. And in spite of him, WQM continues with a big numbers. And Joe Rose was a big part of that, too. I should point out. Did you go over the hour by hour with a shower of power? I think it was a golden hour shower. No, seriously. Did you mention that was what Joe did? I went and showed it to Joe in the numbers two. I'm talking about on the year. Oh, no. I don't want to know what you showed. We were number two with an 8-o and there you are. Right. But no. I think I asked from noon to two. I'm proud to take that. We were we were third. Yeah. From noon to two. Tender one. Our tender. With a 9.3 share and men tend to know. But noon to two between WCM QFM FAMA and rush. Because we have to get over to rush to here about how the babes are. Just they're letting off a little steam over there. And I rack the babes are doing all this stuff. And it's just a little bit of fun. Or having a let-off some steam. You know. That's a kind of crap. That a lot of you people want to hear. Okay. So that's where you can always find it. On that got off of WIOD. That Glenn Drexio man, I think, didn't do too good. do to good did it. I didn't know. What have three share a three two I think? But anyway Joe Rose had a 5.3 and the 8 o'clock hour and an 9 o'clock hour. Respectable. No, I wouldn't say respectable. I would say outstanding. Nice goal, Joe. It would be nice if they paid you now. And actually signed their contract. No, seriously, Greg Reed just continues doing everything in his power to demolish WQM and continues. No matter how much X-Roman he drags us all into, continues coming out small like lilacs. I don't know what it is. I think he was born with a gigantic four-leaf, clover and 16 horses and sighted. Reckome ass is what I think. What it's the last week. Huh? What's that how you doing? And that's why he walks out. I don't know about freaky Carlos. I think he walks that way for different reasons. But anyway, mother of the Osmond family dies on mother's day. That's terrible. Huh? Yeah, okay sure. He died. So it makes any Utah. All of Osmond. Mother of Donnie and Marie Osmond and all of those other members of the performing family. DiGuest that a family spokesman said she was 79. She died of complications from a massive stroke. Oh, by the way, how about Jeff Bush and what's your name there? That he can't this court said. Can't keep those tubes going. Terry Chivele. Poor Terry Chivele. Terry's law. Huh? And the Jeff says if necessary, he'll take it all away to the Supreme Court. That is after he makes sure that Disney won't make that Michael Moore movie. You know somebody else is going to make it. What's made? I mean, they're going to release her. Yeah, I know that. In fact, it's going to win the thing at the Cannes Film Festival again. See the Cannes is what you try to say. And from what I'm hearing about Jim, well back in the day, I might say something about that. But I better not say it right now. Anyway, she died of complications from a massive stroke. She suffered more than two years ago. Family members were at her side on mother's day. That's just not the time to die. She died. She was born in the Idaho 1925. Mary George Osmond in 1944. Wait, did you hear these numbers, man? They were busy. Oh, I know. The couple had nine children, 55 grandchildren, and 22 great grandchildren. How do you like that? Oh, my God. Wow. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. And now all of Osmond is dead. Never, never heard her before. She must have stayed way in the background. Hurt of olive oil. Right. And Popeye, but never heard of no olive Osmond before. But she's dead and so is Alan King, rest in peace. He was, you know, he's all right. I can't say I actually ever saw him. He was small to you know, he was one of those Jewish comedians of it. Probably should have spent a lot more time in the Catskills, you know. Jewish comedian on the Borscht belt. Yeah. When I would fit into your pole, one of the pulls you took. Oh, and let me ask you, which one do you like better the roadmap or the court head? All this crap is going on. All of this insanity, this madness is going on. People are dying, children are dying. And we got here that world accorded, we were the world by cliché. The way things are going right now. We got the road map to peace and we got the court head. The court head had another meeting today. Is that the semi-davis court head or quintet? I forget the barbershop court head. I see. That'll be seeing a different tune if you ask me, but that's beside the point. Yeah, the winter ratings are in and the court in this memo by Greg Reed announcing their ratings party. Too bad I can't be there because it's going to be this Thursday, May 13. Am I coming for that? No. It may fade into an images. It'll be served the party. Will be held in a Pembroke Pines. I can't say where because then some pain in the eslissus will show up. Right. Did likely were invited. Staff only, which I assume when he puts that on there that means that no wives, no kids, no mothers and law. Right. Gary Sarner. I hope I don't hope you're playing crashes because they're probably a lot of nice people. I just hope you fall out. Yeah, I hope he just falls right out. All the other people on the plan are safe, but it is so pissed ass falls right out in the rest of him too. You're an idiot. He's the only person in our building could make Todd Dreckler fuck a human being. That's the kind of schmuck Gary Sarner is. Anyway, looking forward to seeing you all there says Greg would that squiggle in his head right? We kicked ass, why were you? We're great. We're doing it. We're doing it. We're doing it. Just astonishing to me. The man who does everything this power to destroy everything that we attempt to do. Who's just the biggest impediment to our success continues coming out spawning like like Daphatiles and springtime. Like roses. Like the lilac in Rochester. You ever smell the lilac? Sure. Purple and white. Have you really were just smell low Montana? Several trees. Montana had lilacs? Oh yeah. Well, I'll be there. Huh, Huckleberry's too. Here's your pull from Friday. And another nice list. I check your pulls online. I'll week. You know, all week. I was away. Yeah. And another is a lot of good judgment there. A lot of building poles. Full building is exciting. They call up. That's the only thing it's in the call. Do you don't see anybody call right now? Do you know that I'm back from a week in Copenhagen and Roman. I'm shedom. And places where they give you the real news or where they don't sugarcoded like on CNN. The certainly not news network. I'm going to tell you seriously that the difference is like night and day. Reading the British papers. Watching the news on BBC. CNN International. Not sky news because that's a report murder piece of right wing craps. It's like watching Fox News light watching sky news. That's garbage. And what is it with the Brits and all that soy sportsman with a cricket? It was a test. A record for a test cricket. What were they talking about? I think they had a tester sanity. Then Brits. And it was plenty of them and Amsterdam again. Too many. One is too many. All them silly twists. They all look like the beast. They got those bowling ball heads. The Brits. They're talking about bowling ball heads. Big porkey guys with bowling ball heads. Drunk is a scum. Acted like a bunch of silly twists. And we know that the Queens. Well, what is it? Who would a British soldiers that did a lot of the abuse in Banzer? It was the Queens battalion or something like that. Oh, couldn't we possibly have been that? And based on their behavior over there, I think a bunch of Queens is absolutely what we're talking about. Just like you've always said, nicely, how will our delivery agree? All of these things always involve all of this factory. Faggery is what we're talking about rush. Lots and lots of factory. What? That's a fraternities, military man. Sports? You get a hold of somebody's sports? Make sure they take a lot of naked showers together. Initiations, baby. Right. That's right. Get a stripper naked and then have your way with them. Right. Haven't do stuff. Murder, golden showers. You name it. Whatever you can come up with. Stuff that we can't see on here anymore. Right. It's funny. Right. Oh, by the way, he is the missing link. The weakest link. The mole man. You can't complain about his numbers in this last book. Because basically he didn't have any. Remember how he was out sick today after the numbers came out? Well, I'll wick you or Friday? Right. Yeah. He was in mourning. That's what he said. He was in mourning for his own bad numbers. Man, I was pretty lame, Mo. I know you stink. I'm not saying that. But the numbers you came up with when he rested the station had a gigantic book from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Everybody kicked ass. The mad dog, the humpar, yours truly. Joe rose the blockhead. Everybody. The mole man. In the old. Buh. Dumper. Nothing worse than a sorry old man. And just in his hairpiece. Spending all that time in the dumper. Anyway, I will have to do the break. And then get your pulver got sent to your rock rock today. Yes. The play did uranium. Just those are two words to keep in mind. Okay. Nobody cares. I'm going to tell you one of the books. I know. I'm not going to read any of it because they don't care. Spending on the access of evil. It's a paperback. It's not that expensive. Written by Scott Taylor. Best selling author award winning journalist who spent tons and tons of time in our rack. It is. When you finish reading this book. This is the one you need to read. Forget about John Dean and about Bob Woodward. This is the book you want to read. Spending on the access of evil. You got it? No, not on me. By Scott Taylor, why you shouldn't have it. I'll bring it. It is just going to make you want to pee your pants. It's going to make you so freaking angry. And that line about that after half a million Iraqi kids die because of our sanctions. And because of the depleted uranium that we've dropped all over the country. Not to mention the birth defects of the children of our own military. Since the Gulf War. Have you been in Iraqi kids dying to ask man of an all-bright on 60 minutes in 1995? I want to get the exact quote. I read it to you, but I want to get the exact quote. This time you can out here. See that CNN's even trying to muscle it on my show. If they asked whether the US policy toward Iraq, meaning the sanctions, the US sanctions, could possibly justify the death of 500,000 children. Then Secretary of Madeleine Albright didn't hesitate. She said, yes, the price is worth it. Well, there it is. And that was nine years ago. You can imagine how many more dead the people we got now. But then he writes, who cares? 10, we don't. 10, 13, at 5, 60, WQM. VOOM is the only entertainment system designed for a high definition TV. VOOM is got over 35 channels of great HD programming three times more than anybody else. VOOM has exclusive HD channels of movies, sports music, and news not available on cable or satellite. Maybe like real news. VOOM is got your favorite cable networks like MTV, ESPN and CNN proving nothing's perfect. VOOM has got your favorite local channels to and both high definition and standard definition. VOOM has got over 100 channels of great entertainment waiting for you. And they deliver the best picture on Earth like you've never seen in your life. If you want to tell us column toll free, 1866-84886-66 or visit vOOM.com. VIO-OM for a limited time offer. Think after your free installation, no upfront cost, no long-term commitment. But it gets booming because this offer ends May 31st. Call toll free for all the details. Call 1-866-848-8666 or check them out online at VOOM. VINGéralE-1010-59213. It can't be trusted even to inteiro and contact with your team. Don't see the channel there! 듯 cant share oneقي! Jacknab from BL18 girls... I'm not the state of your matter. You're a bad man. A very bad man. I'm gonna find your face on the snow here. Tencent Nums, when guilty faces off with Captain Moe. I-I those pictures I saw of you doing the... the guy here. Yeah, that's right. And I want to keep it on the right, see? Okay. I don't want nobody to know what went on there. To meet my career. Don't say gritty, say fruity. Good. I got it. Hey everybody! Captain Moe put the moe in full moe. Ah! Oh! Ten 18 at five sixty. It sounds like they brought some of the good rooms in on a plane with me. Sounds like they're spreading them around. That's it. The plane before Gary Sardor makes his next business trip. Tom, I got something special. I have a gift for him. I'd like to place it in the suitcase personal. And anyway, what's your favorite oxymoron? Is what you're jazzed on? I was the one you said that they'd be the euphemisms? Yeah, yeah. There's my antagon in the quartet. And I got only one vote, which I was pretty sure. Nobody understood what that was except me and I already voted. What do you mean nobody understood what that was? Oh, you got to watch news and be up to date on Middle East and all that. I understand that. You do? Yeah. You do. I see. Are you trying to say that the audience is dumb that Americans are dumb? Is that what you're trying to say? Stupid? Stupid? Is that what you're trying to say? Well, guess what? Absolutely correct. It anyway. By the way, what somebody ring the alarm in the John Kerry's room and wake him up? He's been in the Vig coma for a long time. He makes Terry Shival seem like a live wire. Yeah. Ocean said live wire would all have pictures of the show in around these days. That's not a good, you know. What's your favorite oxymoron that was your just pull on Friday? And if I read all these, we can get up to 155 before you know it. And I don't know some of these don't qualify, but, you know, Compagent conservative, 125. President Bush, 277. Military intelligence, 110. How about presidential intelligence? Coach Wonstad, 92. That's sad. Yeah. Rat music 88. Paul Mendoice, Spessway 79. Highly a garden 77. I don't know, I don't get that. It's not a gardener. Is that kind of like paradise? Right. Happily married 68. Good Christian 55. Jumbo Shrimp 54. Miserable F 46. And the mishable can't say it 46. Pretty ugly 44. Kind of like Roy Arbison. Pretty woman pretty ugly pretty Roy. Christian Science 34. Fox News 31. Civil War 29. Holy Cruz, I like that, that's cute. Holy Cruz age 24. And equally cute. Middle East peace 23. Now we're getting warm. Hey, how about some halava area? If you I walk, you need to canole some godfather three, then I think I'll sure won't need some of that halava. He could share packs some in big time. Friendly fire 20. Dodge Ram 18 airline customer service 18. Nine alcoholic beer 18. Religious freedom 16. Same difference 15. Postal service 13. Microsoft works 13 family fun 13. And on a goes with a whole bunch more, which I'm not going to waste my time with. Defensive strike didn't get any. Rolling stop didn't get any. Well, there were some. I think that's good. You know, like that rolling start like that a lot, but you know, there were better choices on there. I see like express lane seven. Fast access DSL seven. I didn't add that that was somebody else called a who put that on there. Somebody else somebody else somebody. It don't you're not picking an air. You're not going to do that. No. Well, who did it? Josh didn't do it the spelling. Are you talking about controlled chaos? Where I don't see where that is. Oh, K a o s. I see. I was judge. I told the least. He just passed his 21st birthday ladies and gentlemen. He still can't spell Schmidt. How do you like that? But it's not said. At a rate we have the, the lovely, uh, what's your name? Cynthia Rothrock on her. They have no idea who she is. She does martial arts movies. She's a martial artist. I got her bio here. I'm on top of this is because of the application of week. You think I forgot how this thing works. How would kill another couple of good minutes here? She's the. Look at this is almost 10 30 already. Haven't taken one call yet. Of course we don't have any because we have no tickets to give away for some stupid ball game. I'm, I'm thinking very seriously about this. I'm, I'm all that over. I spent a few seconds. I'm not. On my vacation ticket about, you know, whether I, I don't want to keep taking these pulls where we make a list, you know, and I commend you for doing it because it's the easy way out. And it's a smart way to do it. And I did that last, uh, whole last week before vacation. I was just killing time. I'm not going to lie to you. Just get the hell out of here. That's what's all about. But just because of the fact that the software audience can't respond to the show, unless we're have a pull building a stupid ass list. I don't think I'm going to do that anymore. I rather go back to just reading mostly bedtime stories with all the crap that's going on right now. When you tell me that most people don't even know what the quartet is and how stupid that is. That I tell you there ain't no hope, okay? There ain't no freaking hope. They don't have an idea. They have no clue what the quartet is. Zero none. The US, the UN, Russia and... Yeah. You can do it Israel. The EU. Oh, I didn't know. I thought it was Israel. No. See, there he goes. Bitch, everybody else out. There's a smarty pants and you ain't got a clue. Anyway, Cynthia Rothrock, she's behind the beat of current today. If you're very old and you're very feeble and couldn't get it up on a bet, here's the deal. Then you're allowed to look at it very briefly. Keep your hands right in front of John Askkrotz eyes at all time so we can keep a watch on you. Make sure you're not getting no bad ideas. But he did. He would have gone nuts and roll man. I never realized why I did, but I forgotten. Have been there in a few years. All those naked statues over there. There are breasts and the penis isn't it. I mean, there's just all kinds of stuff. Just right out there in pubic, man. Piazza del avis and Piazza del avat and Piazza del avajayna. It's unbelievable. Naked body parts. At least we could keep his ass busy over there anyway. Covering it all up. Because the one thing this administration does best is a cover up. Cynthia Rothrock and let me just tell you right up front. Okay, all of this stuff in the rack with the abuse. This with the brits and the US. This isn't just a series of isolated. And since this is the policy, this is policy made by the de movers and shakers. The people in charge over there. And all these underlings there, the ones you're going to stick it to. And I'm not saying they shouldn't know better. Like you girlfriend, Linda England there. What up, what up? They, I figured which network it was on. I think it was on a BBC. They referred to her to report his trailer trash. And which I thought was was so perfect, man. Some of us are keen on that trailer trash. Wow. Anyway, Cynthia Rothrock, she was born March 8th, and she was born in the 1970s or a very old 47 in Delaware. She was the undefeated middleweight kickboxing weapons lady champ for. And then it says, I don't know what. I see. That's a trivia thing. She was in sci-fighter 2004. Redemption 2003. Ballopardita 2002 never say die. Untouchable two Manhattan Chase Tiger Cause 3. There is a list here of 80 billion martial arts movies that she was in. The hostage, night fin, and not all martial arts movies either. Duke's a hazard reunion on TV. She always kicks somebody in every movie she's in. She really did a contract. Did she kick ass and other parts? Well, you better tell her, WB about it. Maybe she can go with her kicks a man. Deep covers were to justice. I for an eye, portrait and red. Yes, madam, fast get away too. Guardian Angel. Undefeatable. Undefeatable. It's said, or so. I've never seen a list of seldom seen anybody was in so many freaking movies. Man, she's just unbelievable. Cynthia Rothrock. There she is. And you all together for all the sea. Speaking of for all the sea before I do the break. Can you believe in other break already? Well, as your friend, Druzee would say. Right away, Gary, you got a sarner. We have news as plain is just kind of been wandering over the ocean. In preparation for, uh, Ha ha ha. Letting his ass. That's dumb right out. Just drop him out, okay? Nobody on this. Boy, it's he bad news. Anyway, the, um, on our website today, and it's 15 pages. I'm certainly not going to read it. Although it would be a good idea, but I'm not going to see more her, you know, at the New Yorker article. How did the Department of Defense Miss Handle the disaster to Abu Gray? And now the other cognitive Abu Gray, so I'll say it too, but that's not how you pronounce it. Abu Gray. And here's the latest picture to add on. And of course, this is only one of many, many, many, many more that are coming. And the video as well. And Iraqi prisoner in American military dog handlers, other photographs show the Iraqi on the ground bleeding. There it is. It's on our website. Chain of command by Seymour Hurs that from New Yorker. It's under today. With a picture. Nasty looking dog. An angry dog. And here's the Iraqi prisoner standing there. Nick it is a jib or, of course, you know, the Muslims have already got this thing about dogs. Really? On the one hand, like, oh, keep that thing away from my ass and arrest him, too. 1027 at 560 W.M. Think about it for a virtual company to succeed without any storefront locations is unbelievable. It means beating the competition and every dimension. That's what Dalamaekriss has been doing in South Florida for over 12 years. When you call 1-800-Makriss, you'll get better prices, better delivery times, better customer service, better airy thing. Dalamaekriss won the 2004 Better Business Bureau local torture award for excellence because they work harder than anybody else during your business before doing an act of the sale. When you call 1-800-Makriss and speak with one of their expert vetting consultants, you can arrest the sure you can bed grave's life on it. You're getting the best possible deal anywhere. Choose from the complete lines, Seely. Sir, the Simmons King Coil, tempered pedics, Stearns in the foster bill hewitt. At 1-800-Makriss, you'll discover there's never extra charge for same day delivery either. Dalamaekriss takes same day orders all day long from candle to steward Palm Beach to Ford Myers, too. And don't forget when you call 1-800-Makriss, you still get to pick the date and to our delivery window. When you want your mattress delivered when it's convenient free and there might be a product delivery record. On time deliveries 99.7% of the time. I'm one of their Zidian's satisfied customers for years, and I know you will be too. So do the smart thing like I always do call 1-800-Makriss or log onto their website, mattress.com. Dalamaekriss 1-800-Makriss, TTR-ES, the easiest possible way to get you a great night's sleep for years to come. The next day, we'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. I'm here on VKation. I wasted at least 2.5 hours of my time. Watching, of course, everybody had it. Sky News and BBC and CBC and whatever was in an international. I don't watch the Senate hearings. I did see the tent Kennedy and the John McCain ripped the rum spell. I love that. But when a house representative is when a house was holding their hearings. First of all, mainly what you got is a bunch of politicians sitting around making speeches. I was really embarrassed about it. It's not political, but why you really have to be a son. You went on and on and on. Just making a speech. Not really illuminating or getting any information out for the most part. One of the congressmen from Illinois, the guy's name was Jim something. I wish I remembered his last name. I don't want to make fun of somebody that's got a hair lip. If he got somebody that's got a hair lip or whatever his handicap is. I don't know. He's got the strange thing out of the in the list. You, Rumswell could not understand him. The genitals could not understand him. Nobody in the room could understand a word he was saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They prefer if he refers to it as a club palette. I see. He was verbally challenged. Okay, is the best way to describe it. And I thought, and I kept watching him go from one of these bows to the next one. And I thought to myself, these are the kind of people that we have on a committee like this handling sensitive issues of life and death. Holy moly, and you wonder. Now I see him the news today. More Democrats call for Rumswell to be science. So I guess they must have taken some weatine or something over the weekend. And they're bunching up just a little bit. I'm going to say the same thing that I've always said to you. Because now the people who accuse me of being partisan, which I do have my predlitions. Your leanings. Yeah, but the fact that in my ways, you got two really crap political parties in the USA, one is bad. And the other one is just dangerous and bad. You don't have how many good politicians can you name with balls? Who really like, you know? So you say Ted Kennedy and John McCain really did a good job there on Friday. Name me some other ones. You're done. Yeah. That's the end of that list. Maybe Charlie Wrangled, but he was not in that committee. Unfortunately, I'd love to see him rip Rumswell to the ass. Because you know, Rumswell's line through his teeth. The whole deal behind this thing is they knew about this for months, both the Brits and the US. It was military policy and the only thing that they've got egg on their face about just like the bush mice do is that all these pictures are available now. See, these things are supposed to go on, but pictures. Oh no. Oh my God. Pictures are the kind of atrocities that they go on in a routine basis. I'm just going to wait a couple of few short paragraphs. Tana command by Seymour and Hirsch. I will take one quick call first and it'll be good. WQM hello. Henry Wachman from California has a pair. He can't do anything because he's good. He's good. He's good. You're right. Thank you. There you go. He's chronic. He's a good guy. He came up with a good name. Not Henry Wachman's good. He's got that bald head and that funny little mustache. Bees a good guy. In his devastating report on conditions at Abograe, prison in Iraq, the major general Antonio M. Taguba single-ladenly three military men for praise. One of them, Master at Arms William J. Kimberwanevi dog handler, should be commended to go abroad, because he knew his duties and refused to participate in improper interrogations despite significant pressure from the MI military intelligence personnel Abograe. Elsewhere in the report of he came clear what Kimberw would not do, American soldiers to go beset used military working dogs to frighten and intimidate detainees with threats of attack, and have won instance actually biting at the Tanee. To Guva's report was triggered by a soldier's decision to give Army investigators photographs of the sexual humiliation and abusive prisoners. These images were first broadcast on 60 minutes to April 28, 7 of us did members of the 300-70-second military police company of the 320-th Military Police battalion and Army Reserve Unit are now facing prosecution and six officers have been reprimanded. Last week says, Seymour Hirsch, I was given another set of digital photographs, which had been in the possession of a member of the 320-th. According to a time sequence embedded in the digital files, the photographs were taken by two different cameras over 12-minute period on the evening of December 12, 2003, two months after the military police unit was assigned to Abograe. One of the new photographs shows a young soldier wearing a dark jacket over his uniform and smiling into the camera in the corridor of the jail, and the background are two Army dog handlers in full camouflage combat gear, restraining two German shepherds. The dogs are barking at a man who's probably obscured from the camera's view by the smiling soldier, another image shows that the man in Iraqi prisoner is naked. His hands are clasp behind his neck and he's leaning against the door to whistle, controlled with terror, as the dog's bark a few feet away. Other photographs show the dog straining at their leases and starling at the prisoner, and another taken few minutes later, the Iraqis lying on the ground, writhing and pain, with a soldier sitting on top of the knee-pressed was back, blood is streaming from the inmates' leg, another photograph is a close-up of the naked prisoner from his waist was anchors lying on the floor. On his right thighs what appears to be a bite or deep scratch, there's another larger wound on his left leg covered in blood, and it goes on at the great length. Now we'll say this, there was one Republican member of the house committee that did the interrogation on Friday, which I knew what his name was, kind of a blonde-haired guy, do you see any of it? No, I know who he was, there were some clips. He was great, and he said to me, he was talking to Rumswell, he said to Rumswell, he said, you know, you, you people talked me into voting, the semallies young people over there, we've had over 700 of these people die, including I guess one in his district, they mentioned the name, said these people over there died, I like to know what word still doing there, what are they dying for? And he made a great little speech there, but of course Rumswell is busy looking off into space. So you had about, four or five people was a real ball's there, and the rest of it was just when we were dressing, the speech making like a Republican chairman of that committee, my god, he did everything but go up there and kiss the Rumswell on both cheeks, and I'm not talking about the ones in his face either. And then at the end of that whole proceeding, here's the Duke, not to Duke you're thinking of, here's Duke cutting him. What? Sounds like a basketball player or something. Duke cutting him. That's what he said, how does Duke cutting him? And he's been sitting there all day long, some old grizzled up guy, look like John Wayne and drag, you know, big old glasses on, and he's telling us about his exploits and a military and about how proud he is and secretary Rumswell, and all he knows all of that men would follow him right over to Hill to hell if necessary because he's such a great guy. And he just made a little stupid speech. Was he a member of the committee? Did he have any business really being there? No. Did he ask any questions? Did anything to our understanding of what tell us that the atrocities was all about? No. But it was nice window dressing, you know? It's been photo-op. That's the Duke. I'm sorry you missed Duke cutting him. Oh well. Oh Duke, he's a good grizzled up all the boy. Twenty-before-leavening, of course, that thing about was on my side on sixty minutes again, but me lie, and about the ass outies those barburi and lying bastards in Saudi Arabia. I'm going to turn you again right now and you can laugh all you want. Nineteen 73, that's when we had the chance. We were too busy bogged down with watergate. That's when we had the big chance. The original Arab oil embargo by the way, gas prices just soaring. I'll get to that straight momentarily. Up another dime. Happy about that. Thank you Mr. President for those little gas prices. Anyway, let me get to that. Just tell me to come down. No. Too bad it didn't bring back some of the good magic shrumes. What did you mean? Nineteen 84, 11 is 5. Sixty-w-q-u-a-m. Let me tell you right now about the financial group. You know, we've heard me talk about them, and they're a credible only one mortgage program with an unbeatable one and a quarter percent rate for the purchase or refinance of your home. One and a quarter percent. That's just $334 bucks a month if you have a $100,000 loan. Just $6,000, $8 a month if you're having a $200,000 loan if you haven't a breakdown. Now the advertising on TV, they're all over the radio. This program is everybody talking because the only one more each makes it possible and the only ones who make it possible for you available are the financial group. So we finance your current home, get money for renovations, move to another home and never pay fees or closing costs again. Zero closing costs, zero credit of your off fees, zero application fees, zero discounted points, zero everything. This is for real, it's the MS. So just call financial group toll free. One, 86, 395, lend a get all the details. That's one, 86, 395, L-E-N-D, the only one mortgage, it's the only mortgage you'll ever need. There were an equal housing lender, credible strictings apply. 4.25 APR rates, subject to change, month-laced. Rye and local, we're sports video 562A, 2AM. And we're talking hobo, on 560WQAM. Call me homie, right here at 567, H-O-O, 560, uh, call me homie, let me talk to Steve and Miami. Steve, you know what me? War in the mighty. Well, Crow, what are the moments have to do to win the world series this year? Oh, that's an easy one, Steve. Hang out of swing the bat, hit the bow, hit some strikes, remember? The game of baseball is the difference in hitting. Hmm, that's almost half. 5% field in, 5% pitch and 2% of opposite management. But Crow, that's 175%. What? Go you be questioning me, what'd you be? Ignit, be watch? Hey, man, hey, man, I'm dead. You be, hey, man. Well, now I'm not ignorant. Boy, I play ball, fetching a made ball. In a dirt world, cut you get made half my son. Did you? Well, actually, I'm... Run away with it! I played it. Run away with it! Are you gonna... Run away with it! Come home homie, I'm the Crow, out of GT! Elemental P. 14-11-560, we got the mad dog at 2 of the Humper. The Hebrew hammered 4 from Schuylestate 2 in Miami Lakes, 4-07. No ball game today, so we got like a clean slate. I've all set for the fact we got nothing's perfect, 7-Flock, Hurricane Hotline, such as it is, then in a clock we got 2 hours of the big... A-O! Any K10 of Clock and then that's it. That's all you need to know. Until a joke comes on in a clock in a morning, Joe Rose. When you green? Yeah, that's all you gotta know, Joe. So all you gotta know is what's after Moe, which just starts with Joe, 185 votes, what's your take on abusive Iraqi prisoners? We got that whole C-more Hersh article on our website, Cheney Command. How much is read the whole thing, you know? Dying? What? I like that. I don't know how to do that, but you see, you don't get any diaries, that's the problem. They're concerned about ratings. They're all concerned about ratings, and we gotta keep pandering to a bunch of people. I don't really care quite frankly about... I don't really know the silly people anymore, you know what? I've just taken this turn in the road. I've come to that fork in the road in my life, fork in the road, and I've decided to myself fork it, is what I've decided, you know? Yeah. What? Don't be dumping that now. If you tell me he dumped it, I'm gonna get up and walk around. Don't know the watch in TV. You didn't dump that, did you? No, that's a good comedy. Well, there you go. It's comedy? Jesus, what was your head? 85,000 like you guys? One or two, 85,000 a piece. What, I have a 50 share? Easy. Anyway, a fact you backed this thing for clearance. Thanks a lot, Clarence. You're the best when it comes to them checks. Anything else worthless? That was a raspberry. I just want to keep you on your toes, okay? Keep you on the edge of that. I had a dream. You know, you know, it dreams a different times of the night. Sure. And late in the, uh, sleep process, which I slept like crazy, because I'm doing the, like, switching over the time, you know, from my European time. So I went a bit about nine o'clock last night, which was the equivalent of three in a morning, Europe time. I slept till seven, 15 this morning, my regular time, which is amazing. I slept right on through like a rock. And right toward the end of my sleep cycle, I had this dream that I'm on the air doing a show and sitting in that where you are now. In a room configured obviously much different, much wider. Is this long, long table? And there are about a hundred different guys, punk sitting at the day, and each one has a yellow button in front of them. Yeah. A yellow dump button in front of the audience. Well, if it is big of a charge, I don't know how this we do because. But under the recent circumstances, we're all the, deep and stuff going on. I thought it was kind of amusing myself. It Josh told me last week. Did he really? Yeah. Where did he dump you off? Sorry, dude. Why, what did you say? Give me a clue. Master bait. And he dumped that? No, the word is the context thing that there was a judgment call about. And that's what I'm going to do. Whatever. Who am I to argue with him? Well, I see the Iraqis. That's one of the things now. I'm glad you mentioned that because getting back to this Iraq business going on, all the abuse this insanity. As we discussed so many times on the air, it always comes back to factory. Always. Yeah. The fraternity. I mentioned this before. The fraternities, the sports guys, the initiations, the hockey, hazing story that we had. All of this stuff, and certainly the military. And when you get a hold about the people and you have complete power over them. Now, what was it on? Was it to 60 minutes? Single was on a date line last night. Which one? Were they had a little bit? Were they had a segment about the experiment that they did with the people and they gave them complete power over. Huh? That was date line. And it's a pretty scary thing because it almost always seems to involve a great deal of factory stripping the other people naked, making them a humiliating degree themselves, abusing them, repping them, repping in fact part of this thing with a britz now as repping young boys in Vazra. Lovely. Cursative. Ritthing. Yeah. They've been at that a while. You know them. Thilly. What's your take on the abuse of Iraq prisoners? There's our question today. To a hundred fourteen votes, bush has to go 90. Rumsfeld has to go 47. It's part of war 24. Sure. It's just boys on me boys and girls on me girls they're having a good time. That's what Rush says. Rush says the babes are doing it. They're just having a good time over there. Okay. The babes are doing it. Just stripping them. There. They're baiting them. They're rabid them. They're rabid them. They're Abusing them. But the one thing they're not doing is popping in the axes. Well, that's called an Appalachian Party, what they were doing over there. Only the abuse of officers should be punished 20. I just don't give it to him 18. We'll rocket scientists out there. That's those of the people we can say goodbye to. Okay, I'm tired of them people, you know? Maybe they'll do that about those other pictures. And they must have deserved it 15. I've been like those people better than once. I just don't care. I don't give it to him. You know, that doesn't do it with my life. America's full of idiots, man. You watch the news any place else in the world and they come on with important stuff that has an impact on our lives on a future to whole-stinking planet. And you watch the news here in the second stories about stupid ass Kobe Bryant. Well, who gives a flying thing about Kobe Bryant? Okay, I sure is held, don't. Do you? So, I guarantee a judge probably does because he's got a little bit of that Sporthner rubbed off on his butt. I don't care about Kobe. You know, then a tell it tastes just as good without his picture on the way. And I think it was clearance that was responsible by the way. See, I said that all by and you even pay me attention. I got your outfit on that. Wait. This is yeah. Ha ha ha. Right. See, I'm pretty sharp. The first couple days after vacation. I slide back into being a dot-rigal fool, but that's okay. Because the checks keep showing up. Yeah, I hope there's a plenty of checks in that box there in that PO box, Florence. Okay. We're talking a whole bunch of cash ought to be in there. Maybe enough for me to say, although I've said, I got a new guy to tally my money. And he's losing it so fast. He makes me sure so much like I rock inside. Really serious? Yes. Oh. I have no equities though. I have no, I have no, I've got to call this guy. I'm going to show his over today and tell him that my hiring look at Brotsie. What's going to be a two and a one-door hit and Gary Sarner. And anyway, why don't I even bring that up? It's really pressing. There are all a bunch of snake roll salesmen, baby. That's all they are. But I need better book than I'm up. Well, we're here over an area of bread. Kind of like those weapons and mass destruction. You keep looking for your money with all these investment experts. It must be over here under the table. So I'm telling you this sofa. Somewhere some of your cash. WDQAM hello. WDQAM hello. Hey, me all you doing. Okay. I don't know why they have to be torture people. We've got to zone our side. Yeah. And you know, if he was sent by God to be president, he should have more powers than torture people. Wait until I get a hold of some of our justice too. Which is also sent by God as well. So it's amazing. Did you see the dog eating? John's dog eating? What thing? Well, he has now said if the carries election to lose. Yeah, and he's doing a hell of a job of it. Yeah. Well, if it keeps up like this, I mean, under these circumstances with all this stuff that's going on right now, carry out a B-15 to 20 points ahead and pulling away. Well, you think, but you also have that 40% evangelical base of the Republicans. It's just no matter what happens, they, it doesn't matter what happens. They're going to vote for Bush. So, you know, it's hard to pull away. Wait, that's 40% of the country are evangelical Christians? Well, I've not, well, 20 million, 20 million evangelicals in the last election cycle. Out of the 50 million who voted Republican vote of the public. Yeah. So he's got an order. But that's only 20% of the total electorate. So he has only half of the voters vote for Bush. Well, the absolute, you're absolutely right, but they're saying about the other 80%. And then he's got another 10 million in the order already vested. Because he's got, you know, all his cronies and the people he's doing business for. There's a 10 million population there. So he's got 30 million secure votes. And, you know, obviously, with neither in there, it, it causes a problem. Let me say it again, a carry out of the head, 15 to 20 points right now. Well, I agree with you. And have a great day. If he was doing any kind of a campaign, any kind of a job. What's his plan for getting us out of Iraq? Does anybody know? No. No. What's his plan? What's his plan to counter this chilling or free speech in America and the freedom of the press? Any plan? No. No. No. Where is this? Where is this man? What is he waiting for? It's his for the grabbing. Grab out of the brass ring. Okay, John. If he can find it, he's a fuzzy, pathetic, sad loser. Excuse me for telling the truth, but that's my perception of John Kerry right now. Maybe he's got a morph again. You know, he keeps all these guys. They morph from one thing into another. Like my magic. Maybe he'll morph into this dynamic, Brand ball of fire candidate between Alan and November the second whatever the hell it is. I don't see it happen. Do you? No. I think it's not too late to make a change. I told you this before vacation. People thought I was nuts. Well, they always think I'm nuts. That's because it's a busy word about important things like the heat. Yes, I. And Kirby Bryant. And a lot of other seven foot free semature. How about Jason Williams? There's another one when he ain't playing no more. Yeah, how about that? Got all? How about that Jason Williams got all? What a surprise. No. Not. What a shock. Not. Because one thing in America, Jocks don't commit crimes. Okay. Do not commit crimes. No matter what it is. They're always innocent. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. What am I getting all worked up about night or 11 clock year? But it's break time. I'll whip up into a frenzied nobody cares. They're trying to tell me they don't care. Don't start with that bedtime story. So maybe just had a nice book there. I want to keep those numbers up. I don't care about the freaking numbers. How do you like that? Okay. Play some part sounds. Oh, I've been doing this too too long. Do worry about stupid ass numbers and watch those rush numbers on there. Tells me all I need to know between the CM Q numbers and the rush numbers. That tells me. I've got to more your livelihood people and more bullcret that you dispense to more. They just want to lap it up. And there's plenty there for the lap and every day from noon to three man right there on the just slightly to our right. Oh, about 6,000 yards to our right. 10 57 at five 60 W Q. W. Is your cavity suffering from regulations and increased labor costs? Let Oasis outsourcing help when it comes to the people side of your business. Pay rule administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Make you some big cash. Call Oasis outsourcing the day for a free of adoration. Call 1 866 at Oasis. That's 1 866 286 2747 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide. Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management. Outst�ings being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to the folks at Oasis outsourcing. Let them make your business lots more profitable if you want a free of adoration. Call at toll free number. There's no obligation. Call 1 866 at Oasis. That's 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. My life and love. This is 4356. 2 866 286 2747. Will you dutch pack a new on Bravo? It's the makeover show where 5 gay women show one straight woman how to act like a straight man. Queer pal for the straight girl. When it comes to fashion, I got one word for you. Planol, Plano. Why Plano? Because then our pigs. What's that got to do with Plano? Nothing. Say you're a pretty little thing. Uh oh. Thanks the Flab vibe and elite team of overweight lesbians in Bid overalls and crucas. And each isn't expert in a different aspect of the rich lifestyle. Transportation. I got two words for you. Holy Davidson. But I don't really say you are a pretty little thing. You want to ride? Watch every week as we're pal for the straight girl. Transforms a stylish straight woman from Fab to Drab. This is tasty work. Got any deit? No. All I have is wine. Wine, swine. Which reminds me. Men are pigs. Yeah. You mentioned that. Boy, you sure are pretty little thing. Yeah. Got to go. Don't miss queer pal for the straight girl. Right after Flanthops and Birkenstocks. Where else? But Bravo. Alright. It's 1102. Don't let some little bit low. Oh right. To me. Could be. Low. That sounds mighty low. Anyway, you're supposed to stay thin by this point. I would say come back to your senses. Neon, quit the top of your senses and place some more. Farts sounds. Right. Well, we can't do that anymore. How about you, then? Like that. Some silly stuff. The quit start with a serious heavy duty crap again. It doesn't really care. Well, I'll give you a little bit of proof that that statement is correct. After just five weeks on a year, era-america radio showing signs of stagnation, what it understay method is, as co-founder and chairman Evan Cohen and vice chairman and vice director Rex Orenson joined the ranks of those who have already left the building. One week earlier, co-founder CEO Mark Walsh resigned while they've Logan had a programming with fire-dated. The company also, here comes the real jackpot. You ready for this? Ready. The company also reportedly failed to make its scheduled payroll Wednesday, leaving approximately 100 on-air personalities where it is producers without a paycheck until Thursday. We're on a wild ride, say John Stitten. The nervous president, considering that the network has suffered the typical bumps and bruises faced by any startup, but the bottom line he said is that we're on the air to stay. We said, right. Cohen is a former Republican political operator. It was among the nervous initial investors. So what's in his and investor who owns radio stations in Guam? Well, maybe they can go on you in Guam. Okay. Just to start out small, you know, then you work up from there. Kind of like when we were at IOD and they had a sample casting on that station key west. They had the tower knocked down by a tornado. And the tower was laying flat on a ground, but we were a sample casting we were on the air just that nobody could hear it. Remember that's a true story. Hey, Neil, two things says this facts. The fast talking vereritz Senator Dayton blasted them about suppression of the news about this today and rather, and jam them up. Well, I don't know. This facts is incorrect. And as if this is proper for a general to call a news organization, that was a general Myers to suppress this story as usual. Both medancers and double talk and other things. I don't understand this. So do all generals have list blanks. General, Kim it in general, Myers. And they all have lift. Okay. Maybe that's why they're all abusing all the truth over there. I don't know. They're raping in the moth thing and playing with them and doing things and piling on. I don't know. So, era America's bad big trouble. Did I tell you that? I didn't know chance because this whole myth of this, see, when you look at the, at the radio ratings there and we had a really great book and no complaints of separate at no speaking, glaze, that nobody ever heard of. But the rush people see they're all they got to have their fix in that right way. They're just like they're like the Fox news people. It's the same thing. And there is no, there is no counterpart on the other side of the political spectrum. It doesn't exist. Because the rest of us are multi-dimensional. In other words, we're not running around going. I have no luck. I don't like that. Praise the Lord and, you know, and the worst Fox news, you know. And if you were watching Sky News like I was last week, very little, I should point out because I wanted to get the real story. What was going on to many big stories. But you see that group of Murdoch spreads his poison everywhere he goes. On a one hand he gives you all the real, the real, Racy entertainment to make the money so we can produce all of his right wing propaganda news stations like Fox News and Sky News. And his tabloids. Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices by the way. Right. It's free. I like to put that kid in Gary Sarner's lab just before that plane hits the, hits the ground. The kid that calls several months ago, smart ass. Oh, thank you Mr. President for those, look at this is right after they started. Probably about a year ago now I would think. I started the big rack attack the shock. I think shock and awe is what we got now when all these pictures and videos coming out. Oh, shock and awe. Oh, shucks. As an awe, see the pictures got out dang it. Gary and Weston says what that last call was referring to is that 40% of Americans Fender read the Bible every day. That's W.A.'s base. That being said, could you please get the word out that everybody should consider voting absentee. So the very minimum will have some sort of paper trail. And be sure and sign your thing unlike Catherine Harris would in sign her thing. We'll get to that also. She didn't sign her thing. Oh, maybe Catherine Harris could be flying that plane that Gary Sarner's going to be on with that kid with the low gas prices. She could be the pilot. Or the very least, maybe God could be the copilot. Don't you think? US gas prices rose by slightly more than 10 cents a gallon the patch to weeks. How do you like that? The biggest jumps since last August and industry analysts say yesterday more than a dime in two weeks. The weighted national average for all three grades of gasoline was just over a dollar 96 a gallon of Friday, according to Trilby Lundberg publisher of the biweekly Lundberg survey, which regularly pulls 8,000 gas stations across the US. But you folks do for business. Oh, we call up gas stations. Yeah, we pulled a gas, we pulled a attendance of the gas stations. I could tell you some stories back in the day about that, but I better not pull the soldiers were on. Tight gas alleen supplies and rising demanded to time when seasonal environmental regulations cause a price adjustment are responsible for the increased Lundberg said those regulations of both a cost and supply impact on Marfiner said Lundberg. We'd get less gasoline out of the higher cost just when we need more of it. Meanwhile, tighter regulations make a tougher for importers to bring in additional supplies. The nation's economic growth is also on increased demand, contributing to the rising prices Lundberg said. The average price of gas is broken all-time record highs for two months straight, although the average price remains about 90 cents a gallon lower compared to the peak gas price in March 81 when adjusted for inflation Lundberg said. Kudos prices reached 13 year high of $40 a barrel on Friday. See that this is why this is also insane, you know, madness. And also in this book that I'm recommending so enthusiastic we in heartily, spending on the axis of evil by Scot Taylor, America's war against Iraq. For the umteam time here once again documented in very planning, wish to understand how we give the Green light to Saddam Hussein to invade Kuwait. And we said, oh, we don't know if we're an Arab versus Arab matter. So a wink wink nudge budge anyone ahead and did it. And then the Saudis all stare at being in their pantalones in their rush mothas. Oh, he's going to come after us. He's going to take over Saudi Arabia. And that's when the George Bush number one, the Saddam Hussein better go in there and come things down. And a reason that they didn't finish off with Saddam after the first Gulf war is because they didn't know who else was going to come in there. They didn't want some eye at hola coming in. This is a religious fanatic. That's the only reason they left him in power. And so for Rumsfeld to be talking any kind of crap, the same guy who went over there. And as well documented in this book also about how we went over in shoukhans with Saddam we had the picture on our website. They didn't care about chemical weapons. We provided them to them. We gave them the chemical weapons. We sold them the Saddam Hussein. And so we used them against Iran. But he also happened to use them against his own people. The Kurds in north. We said, wow, who gives a crap? They're animals anyway. Let them lose their souls. We don't care. And now all of a sudden, you guys, there's own people. He was, see, that the guy and I wish I knew his name. That one congressman man, he should get a congressional Medal of honor for his performance on Friday because he's the one guy had to balls to say, what are we still doing there? How can we justify we've killed over Saddam Hussein? He's over 700 of them have died already. And the number is increasing every day. What are we doing there? What was this all about? And this business about just like seeing it in the headline of fight for Iraq. That was never the fight for Iraq was about protecting us against terrorism. Did it have anything to do with terrorism? No. Were they like 45 minutes away from an attack against us at a bridge? No. It was all a pack of lies. Were they involved with Osama Yamaama? No. But now all of a sudden they managed to pull a baton switch. This is the biggest baton switch in the history of the US. What was supposed to be about connected with the war and terrorism and making things safer for America? Obviously I was not made people, but if you had any idea how Americans are hated all over the world right now. You would do crawl on your desk right now. Oh, they don't care. They must be wrong. Yeah. I'm talking about hated despised. Probably Americans are hated in the world right now more than at any time in a history of the human race. History of this country. Were the new Nazis. And we can thank W for that at the same time. We're thanking them for those record high gas prices. I was going, W. You moron, you're simple to new idiot you. How's that pull looking? What's your take on the abusive Iraqi prisoners? Bush has to go 147. See I shouldn't have put that on her because that's a given. Tremen 41 with this crowd. Womus call last to go 68. Only the abusive officers should be punished for these six. It's part of war 37. I just don't give a shmit. 26, 7.6% of those people. Who won here. Four hours of that. And they must have deserved it's 17. Yeah, they had it coming. Right? Yeah. That's a bunch of infidels. Right. Right. Head. From on the Sanctuary 11 at 5.60 WQAM. Womus is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV. Womus got over 35 channels of high definition programming. That's three times more than anybody else. Womus has exclusive HD channels of movies, sports music and news not available on Kable or satellite. Womus has your favorite Kable Networks like MTV, ESPN and CNN. Womus has your favorite local channels both on high definition and standard definition too. They've got over 100 channels of great entertainment waiting for you. Womus delivers the best picture on earth like you've never seen before. If you want to tell us on this great offer to make any right now called tool free. 1866-84886 or visit their website.vroom.com for limited time offer. Free installation? No upfront cost? No long-term commitment. Better get booming because this offer ends May 31. Here's the tool free number to check this out called 1866-84886 or visit the number is at the level of free number. Free is not an awkward hour by is much way in the high-privileged, safe life to catch it. It's a little awkward with two kinds of power. Here's the only girl's turning house in our down and down and down. It's a small stupidity. And that's why a true name lies to be for a little awkward. I'm heartless bird. Tell me my heart, I'm pretty just going past. She's my little hind with. Go to say my little hind with. Thanks Mr. President for those low gas prices here to best. It's 11 17 at 5.60WQAM. Here's the fact that says George W's having the soldiers look everywhere for WMVs. That's why the prisoners are naked and bent over. Never thought about that. They might be high in the minery. You know what? Blackcomb. Yeah. Something to think about. For just a second there I thought you just maybe were already at the counter. You were doing a lot? We're reaching for a counter. Well I see. Don't tell me that they got those allergies. No, I crap into vents and everything in there again. No, no, no. It's just a problem. It says I think we should bend GW and Rummy over and look deep for some brains. I'm sure that they're somewhere. I've heard from good sources in Nigeria that they brought back some brown cake brains on a black market. I think like that says Tom P.S. George has to go. It says he sucks on radio. And he underlines radio. Now maybe a big good on TV but on radio you suck. He said we'll see. Well at least at least no good thing is you can't see. You do that on TV. You can see it and you've been big trouble all over again. But of all kinds of tourists. Then strong. Who's usually a very good factor here. It sends the, I don't know what that is. crap. Can't always be good strong. I can't even get a good one. I don't know what that is. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What about those Marlins? That's our topic today. A lot of about those Marlins. I think kicking some right there. Not doing too well right now. I don't want to. I bet you're pardon. Still in first play. Yeah because they're in a craft division. Okay because everybody else is about like under 500. Everybody else blows during a crappy division. The way the teams are playing that is correct sir. They're in a craft division. In fact let me get my an I'd send the other room. I don't want to take the time to run in again. You probably got the standings right there. The praise 500 or 100 or 100. Yeah they're 200. They're 100. They're 100. They're 100. Well what kind of a division is that? They're in second place and they're a game under 500. And you're telling me that's a good division. Well the last time I checked baseball season was six months long. And uh, by the end. He's talking to his teeth again. That's alright. It's a, it's a shown. What's your take on the abuse of Iraqi prisoners that's our pull question that a 374 vote? There ought to be 55,000 votes on there. People ought to be foaming it to them. I'll take off you by flying crap you're right. Let's go back to that again. See, took me an hour and 20 minutes and I finally came back to my senses. God. Oh. Oh. Fake death claim on six case priest will get to that. This is in the British Guardian yesterday. Well, if it's so refreshing to find like real newspapers and real TV news stations to watch and and they're just ripping bush and rum spell that ass on all the TV I was watching even on CNN international of course because that's not seen domestically. That's not partly brainwashing program from the New American Nazi Party. That's not part of the game plan. I guess one of those ends in CNN certainly must stand for Nazi don't you think by now? No question. Kable Nazi network. WQ, WQAM hello. Yeah sir. Hi. How you doing? Okay. You know I used to listen to you for for laughs and and I still do you know you're awesome. You know. So the the world has taken a turn for the worst. It's taken a turn man. And we have got a horrible horrible administration in there and I just thank you for your service sir. You know you put in your time and and you do your research and it's important and it really is important that people here what you're saying because there's no one else out there saying it. And let's see. You listen to Randy later on and you know. As long as long as he's going to be on here good thing for her she can still come back you know. That's true and back to Palm Beach when the Alts for given at him or American thing at Sister it's did me. All right yeah well I hope it goes you right. Go you might not mind that. Let's go. All right. I was wondering if you I don't know if you mentioned this yet today and the newspaper today there's a there's an article Um or some Pentagon officials and some generals in the field are saying how we're losing the war we're losing battles but we're winning the war. Yeah it's on our website. Oh okay you got it okay. Yeah I again I thank you very much keep it up you know you keep me saying during the day. Because you know there's so many people out there you just can't get through to. I mean it's just amazing how these people like you just said a little bit of a why these people are all. This stop and fire up I don't get it either. I mean when you look at the news on here in the second stories about Kobe Bryant that tells me everything I know about the American public. You're right that's exactly right. Good luck pal. I'll see you at the border. Hey thank you. All right. In fact which stories it on there want to make sure I know the stories talking about. I just want to make sure I see the headline on here on our outstanding. Good time stories on theorages.com. I like this story too on a break of the cronkite moment it's beginning to feel like 1916 when we get them or was first challenged by a till then compliant US media. Start to get the same thing. Let's see where's that story we got the crispy cream story coming. The this here it is the sentient grows in senior ranks on worst ratty US maybe winning battles in Iraq but losing the war some of the top of the city. There it is by Thomas E. Rick's. Rainer his Kimter Ranger Rick's. He said he's flipping it. Deep divisions are emerging at the top of the US military over the course of the occupation of Iraq with some senior officers beginning to say that the US faces the prospect of casualties for years without achieving the goal of establishing a free democratic Iraq and you'll notice I should point out. In recent days they're saying we don't want an American democracy anyway they never wanted that in the first place. We want an Iraqi democracy which is really what they say is the theocracy is what they really want. They don't want any part of this it's not it's not their culture and I can't emphasize enough please pretty please. I'm begging you. If you read just one book and most you won't read a book but there are 22 bucks Canadian. Oh good luck. They won't spend that. Spending on the access of evil America's war against Iraq by Scott Taylor. He doesn't pull any punches he read as now one side or the other side is not politically partisan he rips Clinton and ass he rips metal and all bright and ass he rips colon Powell and ass bush rums fell all of my ass tells you exactly what's been going on over there for a long long time the Reagan people. The real evil doers. And we're stuck in the middle of all of this how the hell can we still be there and how can John Kerry not have any kind of a plan to get us to hell out. That's what I'd like to know. Of course somebody would say well he didn't get us in there in the first by sure he did he was one of the participants. Right he was one of the enablers. And now he's saying well we're still going to have to be there for a while. I say Dennis Cassinant for president man just because he's got a crappy hairpiece. Well, cinnamon Chuck Alfie or I'll pay for it. I said if I Charlie said you could go I'll probably trade it out in two days to get Dean back. Get who back. Did I say that like ten days ago. Yeah. Can we say it again? Well, I'm saying again. Let's get back Howard Dean. I'm going to I'm going to say it again and I'm not a conspiratorial. I'm not always screaming about the Belverberger as Neil Omanade in the trial out of commission. But there's a group of people who decide who's going to make it and who doesn't. And if you think it's the people at vote your dream and man. I got some real cheap line to set in my backyard. Some old dog droppings. Because somewhere along the line it was decided that Howard Dean was just a little bit too independent. He wasn't one of those people that they could manipulate. And so they just overnight they turned him into a jackass. They just all look at us. He's screaming. They manipulated that video. The audio from it. They brought back that old crap again about the Iowa caucus. You know, when you talk about caucuses or garbage and stuff from years back. Just like now this desperation with Kerry in the middle. So what the hell is that have to do with anything? And then I want to scream when I read these letters like in Time Magazine about from these Grisseled military lunatics from these brainwashed idiots. Well, you know, a Hanoy Jane and people like Kerry during Vietnam. They took away the morale from the troops. Yeah. So we could have kept them around. So we could have kept them there in other 10 years. And brought home another 58,000 kids in body bags. That would have been smart. So we could have fought off that red menace. Dennis to red menace. Dennis to red menace. Right. Venus to red. Mean as. Careful. Venus. Yeah. Rimes with penis. We can still say penis. I got news for you. Fred Lindy England there can be pointing at this is an Iraqi prisoner there. We can still say penis on here. How do you like that? All right. We can still say. Braccomb and penis and that's about it. And after that coming up. Speaking of dummy, how's it, Todd rectilum? I haven't seen him in a long time. I'm I'm Stalin because I got the locus of copy. You know how that goes? Sure. What we had that little problem with Kerry started this morning who's in New York and we certainly hope that his plane makes it safely back in his return to South Florida. Or not. Is the case maybe? Isn't that a little bit harsh on my part of anything? I'm sorry I was spaced off. But I do mean it. With every ounce of energy in my body, I do mean it. I'll be praying. Remember in the movie the ace. The great Santini. Yeah. Robert Duval. And his plane crashed and then his son was all all just choked up because he used to play a prey for his tiny crash because he hated him so much. Remember that? Yeah. Well if Gary Sarners plane should crash, I would not feel bad about it. Terrible. I got some special luggage. I'm going to pack from next time. Next trip. 27 past 11 at 5. 60 WQM. If you're planning on replacing your carpeting, it's been a lot of cash because you think that's the only way. To get your house looking great again. Here's the answer for you. Do what I've been doing for over 20 long, amazing years. Just call it with people and dry concepts. Before you think about doing anything else. Certainly before you start spending all of that money on new carpeting, with costume arming four legs. Dry concepts is the best in the world of bringing carpeting back to life no matter how old how dingy looking, how smelly whatever. Because using their certified print technicians then their exclusive patented dry cleaning method. They leave your carpet looking brand new smelly clean and fantastic lemony fresh. And softer the touch to. They're drying a couple of hours so you really can't clean today and entertain the night. It's not just a slogan. And don't forget when you call dry concepts, ask them to put you on your stand by list, which will save you an extra 15% on your next carpet cleaning. And keep in mind they always give you a fair price. They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the job. On your carpeting, your area rocks your area rocks your drapey or postry. All of these are the straight things. So call today and then let her let you down. They'll do a spectacular job. You'll be amazed at how great your carpet's look smelly and feel. Call tool free 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the wicked web at dryconcept.com to the best in the business. On the market, the logo of the 6-560, your area's on your own. Oh, you ain't! It's day-on! In Miami town, the conclusion has five six-oh, WQA. You've been along a couple of months old. Oh! To our place we know. You're... A name of Mattuffella. Whose first name begins with old. There's one thing we all understand. How capable we've finished. Until we blow up that could stand. We could chase them round forever. With our tanks and all our truths. With special forces, our so tired. I'm jumping through the moves. You told me you needed another airplane. So let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up back a stand. Now, we can't even clear our tank. Okay. Why don't we stop? We'll see food. And go blow up. Oh, my God. Pack a stand. And while we're at it, Saudi Arabia sounds good. Boom. Boom. Boom. Why don't you stay on the way? Boom, boom, boom, jepery on you. By the way, something else. So it's on the way, Saudi Arabia. Right on the way to Pakistan. Oh, I see. Fake death claim on six case priests. British police have flown to Australia to investigate claims that a priest fake death in order to avoid child sex abuse charges. Father, Christopher Klonan was attached to a church in Kventry for 20 years until 1992 when he fled the city after former alter boys accused him of lost in them. Now they're one of these isolated incidents you do understand. Of course. He went to Australia where he's believed to oppose his Christy Oliver a property developer. I don't know if that's Christy as in a guy or I don't know. In the town of Bendigo, 90 miles north of Melbourne where his brother Andrew lives. Andrew Klonan said the priest died suddenly a brain hemorrhage since years ago, but there have been sightings of men, Birmingham and come to you with a past year, and claims that he's back in England using a false name and posing as a teacher. As Sergeant and a superintendent for West Midlands Police are an Australia, liesing with Melbourne police, born in Klonan, the county, and the Irish Republic father Klonan moved to the Christy King Catholic Church in Kventry as an assistant priest in the 70s. A part-time builder and property developer before into the priest city was nicknamed Father Fixit for his abilities and church construction projects. Look out for Fixit man, he's dangerous. But he vanished in July 1992 after eight former altar boys between the ages of 8 and 17 at the time of the offenses accused him of molesting them. In January of this year, Simon Gray 38 received an out-of-court settlement of 330,000 pounds, record compensation in the UK for a sex child abuse case, Mr. Gray claimed that six years have abused at the hands of the priest during him into a violent alcoholic, which spent time in jail and tried to set fire to himself for other cases were pending, our pending. Last year Andrew Klonan produced a debt certificate stating that Christopher all-all-over-cloned out of a brain-handbridge October 22, 1996, and was cremated in Bendigo, Crematorium. Andrew Klonan said at the time his wife identified the body and the presence of police that his brother was cremated on usual for Catholic priest because the family was short of money, but... But... Sourth quoted in Birmingham's Sunday Mercury newspaper claimed several priested spotted father cloded in the city on number of occasions over the past year, maybe made a comeback, maybe he pulled a Jesus, maybe it's a resurrection, maybe Mel Gibson can make another movie of autumn, to make another totem 50 million bucks. The source claimed he lost a lot of weight, but otherwise had not changed much and he was using an Irish passport which stated his profession is a teacher. How do you like that? I just mentioned that in passing. 560, 560, 560 on a AT&T in Verizon line. What's your take on the abuse of a Rackie Prisoners wrestling in the arroggies.com? 444 votes we got, which is 2'3", is the way to you know what? We got 444. Voshes to go 211 and those people are... Oh my God. Absolutely correct. Rumsfeld has to go 83. I have no right. Only the abuse of officers should be punished 57. It's all part of war 50. It's just one of them things. It should be hit. 50. I just don't give a smith 32 and they must have deserved it 21. 21 people almost 5% say they had it coming okay? Stick it to them, bring it on! They had it coming. Like that CAD driver for example. Right. The end of it. He was a therapist. He got out of his car and that was good enough for us. It was charging on reasonable terrorist that was made of a therapist man. I say turn and put bulls who son his ass before noon. Bracom! 560. 560. 560. I guess we have to have a whole pile of stuff here tomorrow you know? I mean I don't know. I'm just not doing those, let's build a silly pool now. And I got a couple for your profile list you know that I'm all done with that. I'm through with that you know. Thank God. I assume the purpose what? Huh? It's the purpose of kills some time and you know, ran another few months off the meter that I'm running here but that's it. Yeah it's like running a meter you know? Right. Play it on the clock. Right. WDQAM hello. Hey there. I need to speak with Neil. Speaking. Is this Neil? Yes it is. Hi. I listen I have quite off. If I'm lying you're dying. Hi there. I actually I have this friend of mine. Well not my friend but I hear I use like a friend. He's always calling him. Maybe he needs a job. What are you talking about? What? What? What? What is that job? A job doing what? I don't know. Maybe I don't know. I don't know. I'm driving everybody crazy. Yeah why don't you all run up in the get lost okay? Finally. See we have no women the last book proved that we ought to share it over down. When we do get one it's always somebody like this bitch. I mean somebody just crazier certifiable. like that as if this is a topic of conversation and I know that everything we're talking about that's going on. I'm whipped up into a friend's of here and she's talking me a trying to get about crazy Ron. Hi. Hi. That one there who makes that one the see moment normal by comparison but you know I wonder why I'm the almost no several times. He's probably calling from the same home. Yes. Why don't you get him a job? Okay honey. Or give him one. There you go. Add something to think about. Be careful. You're going with that note because Josh has this finger all all sharp. All sharpened up now looped up and ready to go. He's got that baby looped up and ready to insert WCOM Hello I bet your stuff is coming in. Yes. I Want to put on on your uh, yeah, I bet you did put this They get they get so frustrating. They just can't stand it. Oh, but you left off. They I mean it's the more selection at no after you you're gonna have to cure yourselves with that Okay folks no more that I got a couple names for your pull now no more that's done finished that was that was a phase It was it was fine and it's time that's over New ball game now got some new play toys will bring out. I'm not sure what they are yet, but we'll finger it out Gosh, I'll finger it up Once he sharpens up his broadcasting tools and skills he'll finger it out for you Twenty-two how do you like that so we got Ron and Ron's accomplice there? I like that In fact, let's let her be sitting on Gary Sarner's lap when a plane goes down How should we throw more during phase one if he recall she was what she was at a complex during phase one Ron phase one I don't recall I've washed that from my brain. Are you serious? I am sure I remember these things Well, you are more innermally involved in that. Oh, yeah, they go have to send the authorities back to pay them a visit again tight right Twenty-two noon at five sixty WCOM We got the highly rated Jim Manage and Henry Goldberg between two and seven a afternoon The Hebrew hammer will be at Shula stake two Her a cool hotline at seven. We apologize for that because who really cares? The big oh at eight and again more apologies. That's a series and then at a kid ten No apology needed. Oh, how do you like that to follow our Panther hockey huh poor Eddie? I wonder can you imagine if we had something on like seven a ten that people would listen to tonight It's been strong and I would have book we could have been like number one man. We could have been number one overall Even what a week sister we got on there in a morning man the week is link between five and eight and a man She is just pathetic absolutely guy Joe Rose certainly showed his ass to that one didn't he? You know I'm talking about Ish huh Just picturing it well pretty big picture yeah What are we gonna do with that piece of crap? I don't the bitch right now. Well, something to think about They sure like to I'll say that and In case there's anybody out there don't know who we're referring to it's hour from Boca 19 till noon at QA and let's face it you've been heard me talk about fast train for a coupons He's gonna show a now Maybe even wondering if it makes sense for you since your life seems to be going no place I have no life. That's your deal. Well the facts are simple if you had the dedication fast drink and provide you with the necessary training and they can help you achieve that new High-pain computer career and just four short months by the end of the summer You can be on your way to make in some real serious cash like your ish owner for example or Todd Drek Fast trains god day night and weekend classes financial assistance available for those who qualify to once you complete your classes Fast train will even help you out. I'm getting a new computer job. It's just that easy So if you're sick and tired of having your life beyond a treadmill go in no place Just pick up that phone and change it call fast train at 1 866 fast train They have seven locations including Miami Kendall for Lodderdale and Pembro Pines So there's gonna be one nearby you call them today. Check them out of the web first if you like it fast train Come and when you make that call be sure and mention Todd Drek for some extra Brownie points call 1 866 fast train Start bombing back dad Do it every day I want to watch it on TV. I write I We've loved the moon It should take a day Let us just put a man to which I I rock I Want to wake up and see there's cities don't exist book and then air and tell the Saddles saying We're really pissed you're under my skin that little piece of Hey I'll hit the Hit So You go We are No, it's time to bomb I Right I Right I want to wake up and see there's cities Or want to fit And say that when number one top of the heat We can't be beef We have one Farming Let's Let's make your heart a Miss That When Of the boys I'll do a show with that shit share and say goodbye I I I Come on a anger till noon out here the one is taken on you Whole shows and the reason I played that long bit even though it's very pond-rissin old and weak I was on the phone with my financial guy oh That's my suggestion for him, okay, or maybe for me So I think they have these lines written down on three by five cars oh just relax these companies are going out of business yet I've heard all these same songs before you know the market is very volatile right now Yeah, all these things all these things come back so fast It's like they're all on three by five cars at these snake world salesman University Anyway, you want to be keeping all of my source on everybody else do I right now? Poll show majority why you paid troops to pull out This is the UK independent newspaper today this morning should be pretty strips pull out of a rack by the 30th of June by about about 30 man That's the question the response yes 55% no 28% don't know 17% they're too worried about the queen And you like that two to one margin 55 to 28 pull our racket troops out by June 30 and I should point out the debris acted as you saw incredibly defensive and paranoid All the mirror the daily mirror is just making all of these things up the road doctor, I guess what the same crap was going on in Bosra and the software rack as was going on up in all these other places As I'll go grab it Man always into now all those brits those bloody brits. Oh, we wouldn't be doing anything like that That's those bloody Americans doing it those barbarians and of course we all remember how well the bridge treated those people in their massive empire All their subjects. Oh, yes, but the greatest of dignity Right Gandhi was just a trouble maker and the South African is too always with the greatest of dignity and that's him forget Las Melvinas Wow The mushrooms applied this came in I can tell I wish even by it long this then so I can smell it Or speaking of smelling brush limbo on the babes of Abu Garib grave Gras is written by Curt Nemo and counter punch. It's on our website today. Do believe you do yesterday or today I put the stuff under yesterday not knowing whether you wouldn't I'm glad I did because I don't think you did I did that I'm thinking you did on Saturday either No, I slapped I thought you'd be back like on Saturday I'll just pretend I didn't hear that torture at the Abu grab prisoner rat question markets no different than fraternity hazing or so to clear is the king of reactionary radio worse limba Beating and killing Iraqi detainees according to the buzz good fun I'm talking about people having a good time these people see eye agents and impeach at Abu grab you ever heard of emotional release You heard of need to blow off some steam limba asked to call her This is no different than what happens at the skull and bones initiation and we're gonna ruin people's lives Oh, we're gonna hamper our military effort and then we're really gonna hammer them because they had a good time Limba was attracted to people who torture on his May 3rd show the love mouth drug addict said have you noticed have you people noticed who the torture is our women the babes the babes are meeting out the torture Limba was talking about special Subbre what is it? What does that mean SPEC? Is there a word that's supposed to follow that? Anyway, sub-brinda dey harman and military police officers have been charged with abusing detainees at Abu grab Harman is now promptly the world's most infamous dominatrix of fatal massacism She took her orders from army military intelligence officers CIA operatives and civilian contractors conducted brutal Israeli stealth interrogations She's accused of photographing data rackies posing with corpses striking several prisoners by jumping on the Miss Daley in a pile Writing rapist on a prisoners leg and attaching wires to prisoners hands and penis while he stood on a box with his head covered Most of us would likely find Harman seriously deranged in need of years of psychological treatment But Limba'll find sir and pfc linda England attractive England has featured in many of the torture photos and once he smiles happily with the cigarette clenched between her teeth As she points at a hooded Iraqi man's private parts. That's my girl England's boyfriend's Argent Charles Grainers a former prison guard with a history of domestic violence None of this bothers rush on the contrary How many England are patriotic Americans? Innocently engaged in good old American pornography is limbo satin may six more like good old American snuff films In fact, Rolimbaut tortures a good thing it builds character Americans are two-squamish two wimpy unable to face up to the neocon plan of total war against Muslims in Europe's A war bushes promised will ice-bridge generations I think a lot of the American cultures being feminized. I think the rest of this stupid tortures and Example of the feminization of this country told his audience in other words It if torturing people makes you sick your a feminine or maybe French did use to it We're seems to be saying there's more where that came from For Russian the neocons it's all about humiliating and torturing as many Arabs as possible It could well be that the whole purpose here which has been said was to humiliate these prisoners and there's no better way of doing it than what was done These are Arab males What better way to humiliate than than have a woman oh have authority over them? What's the purpose here? What's the objective of this the objective is to soften them up for interrogation later on? As I said there was no horror there was no terror there was no death no injuries nothing Said rush Never mind that people were killed and photographed by limbo's set of fold subrina de Harmon The pork rush is making is that Arabs are Intervention subhumans and they don't experience horror and injury the same way Americans do It's okay to settle up the 70-year-old Iraqi woman with a harness and writer around like a donkey because Arabs are immune to terror and abuse and it goes on Rush limbo on the babes of obbo grave Yeah, nobody died right well a few just a few that were beaten to death, but yeah just a few and the bridge by the way Beat a few did that also plus raping the young male the prisoners Well all of these things In the war against terror Carol You're doing a superb job. Oh, yeah, you know, but job especially over there in a campsman Wait till he starts taking him in to take those showers Hmm, what's your take on the abuse of Iraqi prisoners is our question? Bush has to go 243 Rumsfeld has to go 104 this is out of 534 votes only the abuse of officers should be punishes the two it's part of war 55 I just don't give a Schmidt 43 8% they don't care no matter what they just don't care they want to hear Blood more of that and they will and they must have deserved it 27 5% say they had a common damn schmotha heads Raghead barbarians they had a common they shouldn't have bombed us on you know not a lot of That'll teach and not to do it again. Oh, by the way the number of Iraqi dead so far see the British newspapers actually list the numbers each week Go for the week and so far the total why would they do that because they're not like the American press They're not totally intimidated yet Not totally controlled and brainwashed 16,000 dead Iraqis Hmm any year 1195 US and the Brits almost 1216,000 Iraqis. Well, they shouldn't have attacked us Shinneman having a movements of astrosthruction all over the place right and those plans should have been haven't did it with Osama your mama The story with all these other evil doers harboring terrorists should have been put in that chemical weapons that we gave them on their own people 4 minutes till noon at 560 WCM Nobody wants to talk about cancer heart disease all of these horrible things in it We owe it to ourselves and our families to be sure that we're in good health It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well treatment if Detected early. That's the key There's an amazing place. It's called Hollywood Diagnostics Center was there about three four weeks ago They're proud of announce their virtual colonoscopy coronary heartscoring and full-body screening exams that can detect cancer other life threat and diseases in their early stages The doctors referral is needed for all your imaging exams call Hollywood diagnostic center nine five four nine six Six three six hundred for the test that can give you and your family peace of mind If you ever really go to exam like I did you walk out of there get the results and you think hey I'm gonna live like in these at least another week or two and Hollywood diagnostic center They are presented the item engine equipment with open MRI high speed cats can't do clear medicine and much much more These folks have been serving the sunflower community for over 20 years and their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service That can come right to you like for example when George's mother breaks her arm and leg and neck So call Hollywood diagnosis says for your imaging exam today at nine five four nine six six 3600 that's nine five four nine six six 3600 it could be a life saving call I am fra al iliana Rush laden and I like rubbing my smelly gorilla as with soap made from juice and listening to the meal Okay, I'm gonna miss the hour And I sure wish you had a wrecked my wedding day Was on my back And then you shot But now I will not have built because you never got You have me I have led I will fill you until I kill you I hear you so I always will And the revenge rules my heart I will shoot straight I should say yes, you better be prepared to meet your fate Oh Come on, too. Have a little we need for lunch here Okay, have an asleep and cheese More to go. Where am I to work alive? And I'll present it called the Iraqis Iraq's The revenge security will continue on July 1st and beyond on July 1st. Okay, ready for that on July 1st It's gonna be fun. Yeah, we're gonna turn it over to somebody. Here's the case to the kingdom anybody want them. Oh Well, don't go. I'll jump a riot once now. Come on. Ha ha ha Yeah, I mean this is already made the 10th June 30th we're heading over to case to the kingdom to somebody over there. We're not really sure who Paul Bremer by the way is foaming at the mouth. You see what he said the other day about how they waited and waited on this thing with the abuse of the prisoners and they knew about it for months And the international red cross have been screaming and young The bridge finally admitted that in early February There were worn by the international red cross about the abuse that boss were by the British troops at the same time the British were saying their new news media Oh, it's all a bunch of funny pictures. It's yeah. Oh, well, I guess we were wrong But it's probably tea time anyway and Britain what you think? It's not always it's always tea time. That's why they spend so much time in the tea room Here's a facts from Jeff who says welcome back. We went to Rome a few years ago after hearing you for so long We went all over the place in Italy and we went to London Paris after 911 everyone was sympathetic treatars like kings the French kissed our asses That's all been shot to hell. Thanks, W and fact I was talking about this with some friends over the weekend, but we're still in Europe The fact that right after 911 we had the whole world on our side the whole world loved America They felt for us. They empathize. They sympathize They want to do everything they wanted them massage our parts. They loved us two months as all it took for W to turn that right around Turn the entire world against us Anyway Jeff says this year we're going to Vegas in San Francisco not Budapest and Prague like I want can't wait to pay three dollars a gallon PS where my guilty noises Jeff wants to know There you go that's your keeper until least one o'clock Keep you going through the lunch hour Jeff calm down 560 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line Go for you. We got the pre-tons coming up Saturday right Dave Johnson will be calling in on Friday. I gave it a triple man What's in the horse? I'm on the derby that I picked smokey as smart as smart me Adam the squizley Adams whatever it is I forget smokey Canadian horse Long the derby easy in the mud and imperialism with the Kent de Sormore aboard finished the ride I 20 he'd be on the in a money I think that's as always not fast enough Neil. I'm so sorry 940 some dollar triple I do believe probably some people cash, but they don't want to call and say hey, thanks a lot of you. You made us some money That would they would be you know that would be bad Let's see Kentucky Jeremy oh yeah already got this it's on our website and I'm gonna get to it But I don't know why you've a special man. Guess you're not checking very closely. Okay, about Jose Santos We love your Jose always like Jose Santos number one number two now I like him even better than ever because he's so in a hero Hi, Skone Jose, baby Part I think it's the same yes the same AP story The jocky road funny side of it between last year's Kentucky Derby and Prickness takes is suing the hero for a libel All right, you know even you remember that bit where they showed the That you believe that the imaginary battery that he supposedly had in his hand right I think somebody at the hero or should have a battery up there Let's get all those Iraqi abusers let's bring it over to one hero a plaza, okay? And start abuse in those hero publishers those right wing lunatics those maniacs those pandeers Jose is taking 48 million dollars in damages in federal lawsuit filed last two day in US just record Louisville The suit contains that the hero printed articles and photographs about the Chile and Jockey that were libelist even after Santos Directly and in arguably disagree with and contradicted denied all the allegations presented by reporter during a telecom Interview Robert Bay the attorney in spokesman for the Uxia's hero publishing company said yesterday He hadn't seen the lawsuit once we do will analyze it and determine the appropriate responses him But I can assure you we will be defending against the allegations vigorously You should only rot at the hero, okay, and by the way Howard Cole and I story there about those ratings, huh? You idiot man Did the Aver print a correction about that all see that's the thing about the newspapers They just put any kind of crap they want in there and that if it turns out that they were on if they ever do printer retraction or correction It's a little teeny tiny print somewhere like on a page where they got all the subscription information or that nobody reads You know I'm talking about oh yeah, yeah, that's their idea of a correction Big one oh six not hurt by shop jack laws right you should live so long They went from a nine something share in February to a 1.8 and men in March What's eight nine so nine says like 11 it's almost 90% of their audience vanished in one month And it's jackass this clown is idiot in the business section of the hero rights a week You go Friday big one oh six not hurt by law so shock-jock and Then time jerk a by the way our good post personal friend Muff gives him all the numbers okay, he given the graphs and the charts and the numbers for this and for that And of course stuff he's seen a few numbers missed time The his time I checked the Suncental every single day and I even confabulated with Muff about it this morning and our pre-show Amitting I said I didn't see a time checker right a word about it did he any said oh how you like that with egg on his pussy said no didn't write a word The amount of numbers all the information That's the kind of information you get in the soft load of fish rappers boys and girls. You don't have a doe's a real newspaper The only hope for mankind is the internet and That's pretty sad because it's a little scary sight like the 18 year old kid in Germany With his sassur virus They had a that a stick him on top of a box and stick those wires up to his hands and his penis Don't you think oh yeah In fact, yeah, let's take a look at the pictures. He would he looks like all the side now, which ones I'm gonna take care of if you want it and interrogate a person or Not just that I would clip the wires on The complaint was brought by San Jose and his family as well as sack the Togo state of New York which owned funny side The newspaper is parent company Nagbiteric and several employees are named as defendants The provisible centas would have to show the newspaper had knowledge that the factory ported false or enacted with reckless disregard of the truth Stoids investigate of the finish of last year's Kentucky Diby after a photograph and stood in the newspaper last May raised questions about whether Santa's might have cured And illegal device a battery is right hand when he crossed the finish line Stoids later concluded Santa was holding only his whip The newspaper reported Santa said he cured an object in his hand during the race and they described it as a curing to alert an outright or do his presence The jockey who speaks English with a heavy accent later said there was a misunderstanding he was talking about his curing bracelet for arthritis See no speaker that no pick it up honey. Now. What kind of Spanish did they speak in Chile? Spanish being Chile in Spanish Spanish Kind of an answer is that it's it's Spanish, but you know there are salties between the countries I see I 670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line let's get some additions for this pool of it What's your take on the abuse of the Iraqi prisoners bush has to go to 66 rummisfile has to go rummy is 115 lying piece of crap lying Nazi bastard hair-mongering junior Only the abuse of officers should be punished 73 it's part of war 62 I just don't finish mid 47 almost 8% they just they refuse to care and They must have deserved it 28 4.7 percent of nearly 600 votes WQAM hello Yes, sir, I don't want to turn into a music show, but have you ever heard that let's do a music show Have you ever heard that beach boy song a coconut mo? WQAM QAM hello Wow WQAM hello K to talk to Gordon WQAM hello Yeah, do believe that FPEC would be as special as However, they could be an smspc S&M yeah, that would probably work S&M spurs list okay, thanks. I think that's what we got over there's a lot of S&M spurs list See this is working out real well not building the pool like I don't care. I will you don't care He can't just talk I bet you're part of they can't just have a conversation. No, they have nothing to say about anything We worry figure that a long time ago, right? Oh, yeah But boy if you got a pool a name me a movie name me a singer name me a song name me a A mountain name me something a planet All the movies that they get with our what's your favorite Eronic exotic metal How about heavy metal I like the noble gases personally sad South Florida man's it's America at its purest and most pathetic it's exactly what you see is what you get WQAM hello Yeah, you're speaking I'm doing good He also said that it was Clint this fall that all the abuses were going on because of those asshole Oh, that must be it he's must all be fangs out there and clear. Yeah He's a thing you'd have never put them on there For rush There you go don't make them a stick again pal. I just rush away from that spot on the dial. Oh, no, we have to hear rush Let's go up the nut. Yeah Very sad 12 13 at 5 60 WQAM Boom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV specifically Boom VOLM as in Vava boom as over 35 channels of HD programming three times more than anybody else Boom has exclusive HD channels of movies sport music can news not available on cable or satellite Boom has your favorite cable networks like MTV ESPN CNN Boom's got your favorite local channels in both high definition and standard definition too Boom's got over a hundred channels of red entertainment and they deliver the most amazing clearest best picture You've ever seen in your life call 1 866 84886 or visit boom dot com for limited time offer There for your free installation no upfront cost no long-term commitment Better get booming because this offer ends May 31 just in three weeks so call today for details 1 866 8488686 or check them on a web at boom dot com We're sports video 562 a 2 AM And then a car accident have you been injured at work are you a middle aged albinal former pop star accused of Tile molestation and you need the law offices of Thomas Mesero Jr. We specialize in auto accidents Tog bites medical malpractice workers compensation and surgically altered freaks charged with being a little too fun the little boy Hi, I'm Thomas Mesero Jr. If you're in a senses as plain as the nose on your face call my toll free number Your first consultation is great even if you're a moonwalking her mackford I do think she's be the pain I am Peter Pan Soon I don't get paid unless you win and you won't win unless I get paid So hand over the deed to the ranch and you might have a chance Don't leave your case dangling like a baby overall hotel balcony call the law offices of Thomas Mesero Jr. Today And I guarantee you It's a 12 18 can we still say that okay, what do we need them to say was 12 18 at 560 WQM happy Monday to as made the 10th Ag cash I missed they'll sickle to my own oh we had a party to give a big party on that day and buy it all the next Red cross report describes abuse in Iraq The Red Cross on American offices mistreating oboe grave prisoners by keeping them naked in total darkness in empty cells and up to 90% ever Recky detainees were arrested by mistake a corny report disclosed today Let me just read that last line again there up to 90% of a Recky detainees were arrested by mistake Like cat drivers for example the report by the international committee the Red Cross supports Attallications that abuse of Iraqi prisoners by American soldiers was broad and not individual acts Contrary to President Bush's contention that the mistreatment was the wrongdoing of a few ICRC delegates directly witnessed undocumented a variety of methods used to secure the cooperation of the person's deprived of their Liberty with their interrogators according to the confidential report The delegates saw an October how the tannies in Abu Graib were kept completely naked in total empty concrete cells and in total darkness the reports said It said it found evidence supporting prisoners allegations of other forms of abuse during arrest Initial detention and interrogation Among the evidence were burns bruises other injuries consistent with the abuse that prisoners alleged it said The 24-page document confirmed by the ICRC C as authentic after was published today by the Wall Street Journal said the abuses were primarily during the interrogation stage by military intelligence Once the detainees were moved to regular prison facilities the abuses typically stopped it said The report site to abuse is some 10-month of torture including brutality putting humiliation and threats of imminent execution These methods and of psychological and Physical coercion were used by military intelligence in a systematic way to gain confessions and Extract information other forms of cooperation from persons who have been arrested in connection with suspected security offenses or deemed to have an intelligence value The agency said arrest allegedly tended to follow a pattern arresting authorities entered houses usually after dark breaking down doors Licking up residents roughly yelling orders forcing family members into one room under military guard While searching the rest of the house and further breaking doors cabinets and other property reports said We're here to liberate you Why are you taking us into biggest candy and flowers Sometimes they arrested all the meltmeals prison in the house including elderly handicapped or sick people it said She may often included pushing people around insulting taking in with rifles punching and kicking and striking with rifles It said some coalition military intelligence officers estimated between 70 and 90 percent of the person deprived of their liberty In a rack of an arrested by mistake. They also attributed the brutality of some arrest to the lack of proper supervision of battle group units Pierre Kronbuel ICRC director of operations said Friday the report of a given US officials in February But only summarize what the agency of until US officials in detail between March and November of last year Either in direct face-to-face conversations or written interventions Kronbuel said the abuse of prisoners represented more than isolated acts and that the problems were not limited to obbo grave We were dealing here with a broad pattern not individual acts. He said there was a pattern in a system Decline me further details the report described how male prisoners were forced to parade around in women's underwear Well or two by we don't hate that song, you know That Christmas song we don't oh that's right It said that information obtained suggested use Suggested the use of ill-trimon against person deprived of their liberty went beyond exceptional cases and might be considered to practice tolerated by coalition forces Kronbuel said the ICRC regretted the publication and said it would have preferred sticking to its policy of confidential discussions of a coalition of 30s Because the US have been making progress to her meeting its demands They've a kind of discussed the full report yada yada yada But then of course these damn pictures got out. You know That's the trigger in the wood piles the pictures got out Damn it. That's the proper training that we're talking about it. They were trained not to take pictures Right, you're probably and they keep asking what kind of lunatics look at a maniacs would take pictures of themselves doing All of these things already seen part of the procedure they decided Katherine Harris your about her plane For her to bother peanuts. I heard Kari Sarner was on her plane That's a room arm starting today put that in your a pipe and smoke and misplied your kethers room in your mouth Yeah Tough on it man Representative Katherine Harris the former Florida Secretary of State who oversaw the disputed 2000 presidential election and Mitchie's be responsible for a welcoming uncounted her own She's a bozo. She's a dumbled she's a miserable idiotic bitch Harris forgot the son of absentee battle when she voted in longboat keys local election march nine I feel terrible the Republican said Friday. It's a mistake. I regret it Here is since he was in a rush to catch a flight Uh-oh You hear that? Catch a flight To Washington DC when she headed the un-sign ballot to her husband to set in she said she usually both in person has never had trouble before I know how important voting is Harris said. Oh, what a line that is He knows how to fix an election with a vestum The election decided the fate of a proposed community center yad yad yad yad to make interviews Harris later received letter from the supervisor informing her that her vote didn't count This story to me this is one of the most amazing things for Dr. Bob when he wouldn't he be just shocked right now the crispy cream story. Yeah You talk about nope. Well why not you're saving it for me. Yeah that talk Hey, you like your crispy cream and they'll fit me had one this morning Lier about your jackpot crispy cream. We had crispy cream all over the place in here. I like you can donuts better actually Oh my god I have just Lost it Well find it That has got to be the most unbelievable comment in the history of these subhuman race You like dunk in donuts better than crispy cream. You know what that's like saying? Boy That's like saying you'd rather sniff you'd rather snitch screens ask for six hours Then have a banana split You'd rather put your nostrils under ducks armpit for six years than enjoy delicious plate of spaghetti bolognese and roam like I had Spaghetti pommad doro Man outside of the food and roam continues to be it. There's just nothing like it Man I wish I waited about 20 pounds when I went there. You know and just had to eat like several meals a day just to stay alive Hmm you really said you like crispy like a duck and donuts. I'm gonna give you a chance to change your mind And then now you want to you stand by that answer Yeah What does he know he's just a pump now? Do you don't eat the crispy creams that we have in the building for free? Now there look his sugary, you know, I don't know a little too sweet Maybe if you'd study crispy cream and deadunk and donuts you'd stop talking through your teeth like that Maybe it makes you it makes you greet your teeth when you eat the dunk and donuts they suck They're the worst. I wouldn't feed dunk and donuts to like to like a starving Saudi Arabian in the death to a peasant in the desert I wouldn't feed dunk and donuts to some slipper on a street here Sand spares and change mr. I wouldn't feed them duck and donuts. Hey Crisbee cream hit by the Atkins craze. Oh my god. Yeah, we're getting that heavy duty even though Josh would rather her butt I I noticed that dunk and donuts stock and affected because nobody gives a flying crap about dunk and donuts So there's no story about them, but you continue eating those which leaves a lot of crispy cream for George and everybody else right right So we did idea 26 past noon at 5. 60 WQM. Let me tell you right now about our friends at financial group you for me talk about these people in our Incredible only one mortgage program with an unbeatable one and a quarter percent rate for the purchase Are we financing of your home one and a quarter percent that's just 334 bucks a month on a 100 thousand dollar loan $668 a month on a $200,000 dollar loan other advertising on TV they're all over the radio This programs got everybody talking the only one mortgage makes it possible and only the financial group makes it available to you So we find as your current home give money for renovations move to another home and never ever pay fees or closing cost again You pay zero closing costs 0 credit bureau fees zero application fees zero discounted points zero everything Kind like Reg Reeds zero all the way around this is for real just call financial group toll free at 1 866 395 lend to find out more that's 1 866 395 LND the only one mortgage sits the only mortgage you'll ever need there were equal housing lender credit restriction to fly 4.25 APR rates subject to change monthly 64 Back in the day when someone done a strong We didn't take their crap in Pearl Harbor or when the jobs dropped their bonds We've Them and now the Saudis They hit us high and on our cards are little blacks As that's all new love and recharge points of honors the wrong way And on embarrassed to be in America Where they follow those like cheese You died in space of Arrogance and by bush and family reading on this country And the late boys and the just things and I just agree I don't want to be a taxa marron Acting What's a few 1000 innocent lives Stop living in the past If you want that as you need to drive You're gonna need more gas It's the greatest country in the world They train us to believe And anyone who says that obviously And before to be And You will stay. Guy's Day in 1232 at 560WFU. I'm this dustin from the mirror.co.uk the Daily Mirror. You know the one that published all those holy pictures. Coalition forces were yesterday accused of a catalog of sex crimes against your wacky prisoners. U.S. forces were led to a committed wide-ranging sex attacks on prisoners. News and three British soldiers were sent to be facing sex assault charges. Sex assault. London and Washington were braced for a fierce backlash from the new revelations. The Yorker magazine published a photo of dog threatening anicard and made it Abu Great Prison. We got that on our website. And the same man would bloodstreaming from his leg after he was apparently bitten. The U.S. was expecting the publication of more photos in a video from the notorious jail and bagged at that they're thought to show U.S. soldiers raping a woman prisoner. Troops are also seem beating a detainee to within an inch of his life. A video is expected to emerge taken by U.S. soldiers showing young boys being raped by Iraqi guards. Photos of soldiers acting inappropriately with a dead body also exist. Pasi Moto would be proud. One accused Sabrina Harmon is said to be posing with a decomposing corpse with a thumbs-up. Pentagon sources warn that the abusive dead bodies, possibly murder victims, is a recurring feature in the sickening material. I'm going to read that paragraph again. Well, I get sick. Photos of soldiers acting inappropriately with a dead body also exist. One accused Sabrina Harmon is said to be posing with a decomposing corpse with a thumbs-up. Pentagon sources warn that the abusive dead bodies, possibly murder victims, is a recurring feature in the sickening material. I was announced that the umberly stitches will be handed over to Congress by the Pentagon. Senator John Warner said lawmakers would be allowed a few them in private. But Senator Lindsey Graham said, the Bush administration needed to make the Photos public as soon as possible. You know that Dr. Lyndsey Graham? He said if there's more to come, let's get it out for God's sake. Let's talk about it because men's and women's lives are at stake. He said for God's sake, gosh dang it. Last week, Mr. Graham warned the public needs to understand we're talking about rape and murder over here. The administration is prepared for a damaging fallout, a worried defensive official said it's a time bomb. The expected steam of filth loomed as British troops were also accused of sexually bruising prisoners, three soldiers and the royal regimen of few siliors. What the hell is that? They don't come no silayer than them. Just a few sili-grits. Our said to face charges of sexual assault including rape and breach of the Geneva Convention after photo showed prisoners being forced to take part in homosexual acts. Oh my god. Well, they're brits. What do you expect, okay? A bunch of people are worship a queen. What do you expect? The abuses came to lie when staff at a photo lab alerted the police. Kelly Tilford, a work that Max Spielman photographed a shop in Timworth's staffs yesterday, described in graphic detail the pictures she saw for Rackies been sexually abused. Kelly 23 was processing a film taken by soldier Gary Bartlemy Urgo. She ended the pictures to police they passed him out of military authorities who launch state, Probe, if you've pardoned that expression. Kelly Tilford, a mirror was a film of about 24 pictures all taken in Iraq. Most of them showed general scenes of soldiers holding weapons posing for the camera, but there were four of them that really shocked and disgusted me they were horrible as she said. The first showed a prisoner being forced to perform oral sex on a soldier, the prisoner was screwing up as face and disgust he looked deeply ashamed. The second showed two naked Iraqi men with one apparently being forced to rape the other one. The third appears to be taken in some kind of warehouse and showed a naked Iraqi looking terrified being dangled in the net from the lifting gear of a fortlet of truck. He was being held about 15 feet off the ground and looked absolutely petrified at the wheel of the fortlet was a soldier in uniform and you could clearly see his face. Two British soldiers were watching what was going on and snucking. The fourth one showed a group of Iraqi men all naked sitting on the ground. They were about 10 of them sitting were squashed up together, but none of them were on top of it. Some of them were scared to not look to shame. Labour MP Alice Mayan said the seconding twist of this already horrific tale diminishes as all. The news that Iraqi women and children were raped is a truly horrifying turn for the worse. Are we really to believe that these soldiers are the only ones responsible with the not a chain of command? We need answers from Washington and London about what those orders were and who gave them. There you go. We're going to get that on the way to the church. I guess someone off steam. That what it is. Good fun. Yeah. That's what Russia says. This boy's little boy's girls will be girls. It was the babes that were doing a lot of the stuff those had babes. Just pathetic. People who are there and all of them virtually all of them and we've done extensive research on interviews with their loved ones. They're relatives. They're friends back in their hometowns, whether West Virginia or Maryland or any place else around the country. Say they have no way they can't understand how it's possible that these people did allegedly, what they haven't seen as having done in these pictures. As you look at those young faces, what goes through your mind? They are the face of America wolf and not only that. They're smiling just as they are in the pictures. And that's why when my colleague says, well, let's just keep this investigation quiet. Let's recover. We can't recover, by the way, if we're looking like we're covering up. And these young men and women were smiling in those pictures because they believed that they were doing the right thing. They were saying they were going to get into trouble for doing what they were doing in these pictures. There's a sense of hilarity in these pictures. They were having a good old time as what a good-gale time is. But it looks like tomato. Right and ho, Dad. Exactly. Yahoo, y'all come. 22 till 1 at 5. 60 don't. Don't forget about that crispy cream strainer that Josh don't want to hear about it because he's too busy with his dunk. He don't. Man, I can't believe that. I'm my opinion view was when the fact George told me before he came in this morning, you did a fabulous job last week. It was great. It's sort of a story. And you have just dropped several notches on a Richter scale. You got some serious work to do, Mr. You eat like two crispy cream donuts. You got diabetes. Like how can you handle it? I already have diabetes. Okay. You can't eat only two. You have to have a least three. I think you got it. You have to have only, at least three. Okay. I only had one this morning. Yeah. Well, what's he excuse for that? I took one and then I ran away from the other ones and ate it in here. But ate it right next to the box. I would have had five. That's for sure. You can't eat only three. 21 till 1 at 5. You have 60 WCM. I got the mad dog at 1 at 2 at 1. I'll write. I like to sell that at 2. You got the Humpur the Abrahamer at 4 and then after that it's well. It's Monday with you went. No ball games. There are tenets has been dropping badly. Although, most of the had 30,000 people there because it was, it was, uh, uh, uh, dar, what was it? Don Troll, Cap, uh, flip off of your coach, something night. What was it? Was it like, like, Don Troll, Hat Knight? Well, he made it a little more complicated now. You kept flipping something. But that's tough. You know, She's got a real sense of you. And he said 30,000 for the giveaway. Now for the other games have been a little on a week side. 13,000 for the Dodgers, 14, 16, 12,000. Little on a week side. I would say, Maybe everybody's bail out of town. You think? Yeah. And excellent idea, too. Hey, is your company suffering from regulation that increased labor cost let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business. Pay rule administration. Fortune 500 company employee benefit human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services. Oasis outsourcing can cover the help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation at 1-866 at Oasis. That's 1-866-2862747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management. Outshores things being recognized by firms large and small as the powerful management choice, which lets you focus on your core business, while leaving the operation will details to our friends at Oasis outsourcing. So let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable. If you want a free evaluation, no obligation column, column toll free, 1-866 and Oasis. That's 1-866-2862747 for Oasis outsourcing. My life and look home. This is 4-3-566. You're way too way, yeah. Project God. Project God. You're way too way, yeah. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. Project God. back to the USA I'm curious by the way if you notice how little we've seen him these last couple of weeks I mean Where is the ad finally which are kind of weak but at least there now But where the hell is he though? In the middle of all of this he ought to be screaming and yelling and carrying on Shot from the rooftop We see a lot of Joe Biden we see plenty of Ted Kennedy we see lots of John McCain Where the hell's John Kerry? But he's Biden his time Either that or maybe he's trying to get the metals back Now get back to Chris we cream the important stuff In fact let's do that pool what do you say not not on the website but just for the help of it He'll give him some to call about Do you think okay crispy cream or dunk in donuts or maybe they got some other ones they're like Is there another I don't know any other ones as far as a big chain yeah A big chain Crispy cream hit by atkins craze this is shocking don't make her crispy cream is seen as sure as plunge After warned that the man is being hit by the craze for low carb diets Every every buddy in your brother now is low carbing it. I mean beer is low carbon it Subway every fast food joint is low carbon it all you'll be pleased to know that the pet rat was still Our McDonald's on the damrack What's good? I understand it's always under you know the deep fire they had with a fryzer It's always under there and every time I've stood there waiting for my diet so to my whatever I'm getting it comes run now. Maybe it's just a greeting or something. I'm thinking maybe it's a mechanical ride. I don't know you should name it The firm said donut sales were I did I said hey Greg nice to see an Amsterdam The firm said donut sales were following across the industry and that it would close the gourmet bakery until it But what oh unit that have only last year the news profits were likely to fall push cheers down 25% to $23.90 since more and more Americans and try to cut out carbs as partly popular to be atkins die rest in peace I promised Dr Bob How can anybody stick to that diet though really? I mean I did it once how can you stick to it? I don't know what we have to lights away spoken then I spray some maybe that's the answer See how I've built out of that For the diets at here in crispy creams glazed gooey confections as well as baked goods in general are off the menu See that Josh you don't want to balloon up like the beast and all those other fat tubs like Zach all those tubs of crappy guy Right around there those bald head of geeks I don't think there's any chance of that The warning marks the first real setback for the company since it went public four years ago the intervening time is Spandre overseas including and what some would see is that a parter from its down home roots in the US south and outpost in the upscale Herred's department store in London, no less. This is the BBC website The brands endorsement by celebrities has helped drive it to a strong position in the ten billion dollar donut the year US market And since floating in no wonder is this written so awkwardly it's under BBC website It's written like it by a bunch of brits In a statement crispy cream had no hesitation blaming the atkins died and this lookalice like the south beach style Which is absolutely nothing but a real cheap imitation of atkins I don't care what anybody says For several months has been increasing consumer interest in low carbohydrate diet said Scott living good the firm's president chief executive and chairman He's the sea oh When did that start we started here to about the CEO and the CEO oh and the SE See you next time what did that all start just subtly slow yeah, it's gets kind like the quartet Yes, are you Schmidt made and nobody knows what that is that they're using the term And I was surprised about the EU thing because since when did they start acting as a unit just because of the money thing? It's the US the UN the EU and the Russians And I'll eventually but I thought Israel was in there somewhere in what in the court. Oh, they're in there all right They're stealing all the halafah The trend has that little discernible fact that our business last year but recent market that is suggests consumer interest in low carb diets has heightened significantly Following the beginning of this year and is accelerated the last two to three months from now on He said the firm will focus on the court donut business Which means that the writing is un-of-all from Montana mills the gourmet bakery business brought last year for $40 million an addition Chris beat cream is hoping to bring out here you go Josh, which you've been waiting for a low calorie Sugar free donut by the end of this year The isn't taste like crap oh And probably gonna taste real good, but the crap part you gotta keep in mind because that's probably what it's gonna make you do It's probably gonna be loaded with like silver tall and man-etall and multi-tall and the old less day close to home crap at all Can't say that no more I watch it that team of button pushers that are lined up at that table. I dreamed about they're gonna be on your ass I'm serious I really had that dream they were all I think I had that dream to yeah, they're all just sitting like Us along long long wooden table and each one had nothing but a little yellow squared dump button in front of them And it had to go right right down at whole committee before can finally go out on the air whatever the hell we were talking about 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line WDQM hello Yes, yes I got the point that no car died No Jamie no Ashcroft no road still okay, okay work on it Wow five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line I think you really wanted to say something about Dom trail will us and about them caps But he got he was in him outside of sports show. Yeah, he was humiliated in bears he was getting there 567560 pound five 60 our AT&T in Verizon wireless line WDQM hello Yes, sir Did you see one of the prisoners in one of the photos? He looked like he had a swollen package WDQM hello Oh, no great that next I got a call in his whole thing his swollen package that's his whole lot. It's a rock group or whatever is swollen package, okay? That that's his life. I have no life. Oh, excuse me 567560 crispy cream or duck and donuts you can do it come on paper or plastic I'm gonna I may just go back to that like the seven months you I'm I'm gonna think about it very seriously The seven months of what the no calls right oh Oh, I'm pondering it in my mind. Well, you know, maybe you called there like one over You know, just just for variety say Because it's too much pressure. It's unfair for us to put this on a public actually like have something to say about anything It's a hell of a lot. Yeah, as opposed to just saying swollen package You're supposed to do for that not the other way around. How do you if you am hello? Yes, sir He's easy for you to say yes, hi, bye How do you know him hello? The other speaking Yeah, I'll be free crispy cream and drunk him down a time with a crispy cream, but you know you had s on the pole If there were any others like a time and all said it's the best Oh Okay, they're all small potatoes. Thank you so much. I watched Godfather three on a plane against him the 777 I watched Godfather three. Yeah. I'm sorry Don't be sorry the acting was just as bad, but and then awful lines. You know now they were now they will fear you Maybe they should fear you. I was just So sad to take in a movie. I'm movie with such an important message so much important historical stuff in it and make them acting just stick to join out Like I said before the show today if they were to shot so fear if they were to shot Mary in the beginning of the movie And if they would have fed Eli Wallock the canolees rather than a very beginning then we could have had a piece of movie gone Daddy and if they would lift the George Hamlet somewhere On TV would have stupid and that amazing that he actually he and his wife actually had a talk show for like five minutes to your Hamilton Well, what does he do? What did he come from he? He does exactly that he has a tan and nice teeth and that's that's it Boy can't complain about his acting because you don't do any WQAM hello Neil yes, sir. How can someone not like crispy cream? I know it's this sounds like a communist thing to me. I used to live about two blocks from a crispy cream shop And by the time I moved out of there don't don't a waste picture and looked at me and went damn you need a diet Yeah, and the last time I don't condone it's It was horrible You know they say that's what's the make the donuts fresh My god when I was living over on the other side of state I could have gave a donut to jablons Can he couldn't have stopped that in the net? Yeah, it was that bad And okay, you're on a material pal thanks. I mean, yeah, I'm not asking you like do a whole lecture on it just Back quite frankly, I would hope you wouldn't respond to what but they will Because they got nothing else going five six seven. I have no life 05 60 pound five 60. I have no lie on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line on our pool We're gonna good response. What's your take on abusive the Iraqi prisoners? Which were sure just isolated incidents not? 723 votes bush has to go 328 Well as felt has to go 134 Only the abusive officers should be punished 93 It's part of war 75 very naive folks. I just don't give a Schmidt 61 8.4 percent now. It's moving up there and they must have deserved it 32 They did something we don't know exactly what it was but they must have given like a dirty look or mouth off or something They're there they must have said you mama they shouldn't have a bomb night or one over there. WQM hello. Hello. Yes, sir Meal yes talking about poll I just don't believe any of these I'll pull about the president being a head, you know, I just I don't know if you take on that is but I just I don't buy it at all Why not What do you think do you think that all the pools are fake they're all fixed? Not all of them I mean what do we have to look at these days? I mean all the corporate mogul won't all the media stations I mean you look at it. I'm not like a citizen as ABC. I mean it's a Disney so they're not gonna cover any of the issues that's having a protect but Move that Have a great day. What are you said ABC 10 couple did do the thing the other night week you're fried in ridd the names of all the dead soldiers Which I commend them hardly for and then of course what was the company doing it with an S I get I think clear simpler group There's seven ABC affiliate stations did not carry because they said it was political propaganda design do I make the war look bad yadaya right? Only a glorify only show the public the you know the narrow things we do in all these wonderful things where emancipating we're bringing democracy Since when and again nobody's asking this question because the American media sucks But since when was it our goal to Export freedom around a world export democracy nation building which is exactly what bush city wasn't gonna be doing when he was running for office Nation building when did that come about Char I see emancipating people from all these evil dictators that we installed in our first place I don't know I must have missed that part of the campaign you start up again. Yes play 2537 at five 60 WDQ like I said there's nothing like the Atkins died man Rene at the low card and I just say that minutes ago just Why did I did point out that it's hard to stay on a low card diets because just the the meat and the cheese and the seafood I mean it sounds all wonderful and good in the butter that's great pie. It's something but it's pretty boring It's one dimensional and that's why people are looking for variety and that's why you ought to be hitting for Delights of West Book of the number one low cards store in America now a lot of the new reduced card products on store shelves are geared toward cutting back on carbs But not on weight loss for who to how want to do that the lights of West Book is expertise is always been on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting To carry over a thousand products with a focus toward the lowest carbs possible that can fit in ways of successful low carb weight loss plan The spring sale is in full swing right now. It delights or stop by their staff knows dieting inside and out and they're open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10 The lights of West Book it's on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to prestigious Boston Market or column toll free and one 877 low carb LOW WCERB or find them on a web at low carb dot com here's some taste here some variety Here's something to keep you on that straight narrow path that otherwise is so boring and one dimensional Don't forget the lights of West Book is your official Akans retail centers You I see you! The way you're going to your town! You ain't gonna be! He's a delirious, and you move! More will be this dinner, and your new rodges are one-two-hour. Another thing, two-hour is an amoeu, and a bit of an extra-hour! I know, that little bit of a bit of a bit of a-hour! I know, that little bit of a sweet voice! How do you expect to get anywhere, a little cute, you little! We say cute! I think I'm supposed to get a little bit of a little, I don't know what that's, but there's no way to hide it! I want you! The more white you, the more you! Yeah, what a puff! The more white you! What a white you! And when I hear you! And when I hear you! Okay! I want a tie! I, you have a tech-to-green! He, no, no, no, no, no, no! He, no, no, no! He, no, no, no! He, no, no, no! Why you, why you, why you, that's not you! That's not you! I know my smell attracts you! I don't like that you! It's still got such a... I feel just like that you, I, my dear brother! And, what needs to run out? That's why you are so not buying it! That's it! That's it! That's it! That's it! That's it! That's it! That's it! I want to show you! That's it! That's it! It's 103 at 5.60 WQA. I'm happy Monday, too! You didn't talk at all last week, I guess about that story about the A3 Proms in Lions, Georgia? No, I did not! That we've seen this morning on CNNN, the A3s, so... I beg your pardon? I missed the story! Three cultures, three Proms for high school, on the only story I could find was one from last month. Monday, April 12th, and the month... What is it? Monterey, here old somewhere, where is this from? Monterey, here, I don't know. Where's Monterey? Oh, it's in Georgia! Okay. Well, that's where it happened before, they keep having that there. Yeah, I understand. The blackheads at Tomb Scally High School, and even mine, this was written before. I mean, these Proms just happened this past weekend. The blackheads at Tomb Scally High School will hold their prom at the National Guard Armory next weekend, and the whiteheads will dance life reminiscence in crime the same building on May 7th. But what about the Hispanicheads, which party will the children of the Mexican migrant workers attend? This is in Lions, Georgia, neither they'll hold their own prom. And won't have to be a first for... Oh, hello. Wow. I don't know if you can hear us. Nail. We just lost a line or something. Or audio or something. This is fun. Nobody in there? All right. Guess what? It's a technical emergency. They can go back on it. I know it's lunch time, that means nobody's in the building, right? Engineers anywhere. No. Go up, go up and I do something. And you know, panic. Like, you know, yell, scream like a woman. Hello. We just lost the ear thing. We lost you. And now you're back. What was that all about? I didn't go anywhere. Are you shouting anything off? Obviously, you didn't. You're in. So something's going on on you're in. Is what you're saying? I'm sitting here talking and I'm not in any response. I'm thinking you're probably just to stuff another door on your face or something. What kind of crap was that? I'm up and running, but we weren't there for a while. We're often running, man. It sounds like sabotage to me. Probably Jeff Bush got his fine figure stuck in the middle of this crap. First impression. And evil elf in the control room leaned on a button or something. But there was nobody there. Anyway, what I'm trying to say is, tom's County, Georgia now has three separate problems for the high school. They have one for the blacks, one for the whites, and one for the Hispanics. Well, I didn't like that. It wasn't supposed to be this way when you reflaurize about a $50 ticket to the white prom in February. She returned later that day with a white girlfriend Jennifer Hart, who also wanted to buy a ticket. Hart says the white prom committee grew one to know if her date was white black or Hispanic. Mexican was the answer well. She told me that it was a white prom, not a Mexican prom, not a black prom It may be feel mad. That's not right. I wanted to put my fist in her face. You go, girl. It's the babes that are meeting out that punishment. Anyway, that's what Russia says. They floated to was stunned, hurt mad, and with the men's determined. The Hispanic slash Latino prom committee was formed that February afternoon. The Silverwater Night Club on US-1 North Alliance, Georgia. Respected May 8th, I was set her night with cumbya, rap, pop, and reggae. As Latino high school kids in tombs, county, and from across East Central Georgia, go to the prom. CUM-BIA. cumbya? Huh? My Lord cumbya? This is the land of freedom. It's supposed to be a land of dreams that N.R.R.S.A.S.A. tombs high school juniors with braces and ass operations for a Korean Hollywood. But it's not equal. We just don't want to be left out. I'll probably show other people if you want to try to achieve something you can do with it. Why can't all the kids go together? I'll excuse me. I'm sorry. Don't be naive. Okay. Oh, boy. I printed out a good part of this. See more her story from the New Yorker. I don't know. It's just too long in pondress. We do. We do have it on their chain of command. How the Department of Defense, Miss Handler, Disactory, Obligrate, Grag, Graib, Graib, Graib. Graib? Would that new picture? From the moment of the dog. Everybody's going to want to take a peek at that. And then also they were speaking of dogs. Cynthia Rothrock. She's all right. That picture is okay. It's kind of erotic. She's got a good body. From a mini-win years ago. She's how old I see. She's not 75. I'm like that. 49 is up to 9 or no. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Look at that phone, man. Are they doing it or what? Oh, WQAM. Hello. New. Yes, sir. Free things. Love the moon, Goldie Bits. Man, that's the best thing on radio. Second thing. I got to tell you. What about all time favorites? Oh, God love it. I got a brother from the military. And he said that the civilian contractors is a politically correct way to say mercenary. In case anybody hadn't caught on to that quite yet. And I was delivering to a feed supply store near Lake Ocotjoli last week when George went off on one of his Middle East ramps. Right. And actually had a guy come up to me. Come big cowboy bow hunk. And he came up to me and said, what station he listed in two? And I told him QAM out of Miami. And he said, who's that Fagget liberal that's talking? I told him that George needs a skill in host. And it goes, that Fagget needs to have somebody put a bullet in his branch. And then he's got Jesus saves license plate. And I'm like, oh, I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. And here you have it. So he's got a good baby. I'll forget it. And have a great day. There you go. He's a gunner for your eyes, George. Yeah. We were talking about the Christians. When you're good redneck, he folks there went in good Christians. He's got Jesus on his bumper sticker. He got his shotgun and a back in a cam. Speaking of what he was just talking about before that. Many of the prisoners have used it. They were a prisoner where innocent Iraqis picked up at random by US troops and a incarcerated by underqualified intelligence officers. A former US interrogator from the notorious jail told the Guardian newspaper The Brits. Touring Nelson who served as military intelligence officer at Guantanamo, baby, for moving to Abu Gareba as a private contractor last year, blamed the abuses on a figure of command and US military intelligence. And overreliance on private firms, he alleged that those companies were so anxious to meet the demand for their services that they sent cooks and truck drivers to work as interrogators. So, maybe this truck driver that this last caller was talking about, maybe he ought to be going over there. I'll try to do it for an exam. Now, yeah, he'd feel right in with this crowd. Military intelligence operation did address to be changed in order for something like this never to happen again. Mr. Nelson said he spoke to the Guardian a series of interviews by Founon Email. He claimed that many of the detainees of the prisoner actually innocent of any acts against the coalition, and are being held until if you'reocracy there can go through their cases and verify they need to be released. And it goes down about the variety of different incompetent, unqualified clowns who are in charge of the interrogations. Mr. Nelson denies any involvement in the physical and sexual abuse of Iraqis. Abu Gareba has listed it in the official military report into the scandals of witness rather than a suspect. He says he resound from his job in February and fear for his life. Because Abu Gareba was coming under increasing attack by Iraqi insurgents and because of his disillusioned and military leadership there, he's never seen as a private contract of an innocent interrogated. And the audio and on a quote also on our website, torture on the cheap. It's a beautiful thing. 560505050. So I'm just examining in my mind since I made that comment the beginning of the show. I'm going to let you in more of those build the pool things, the polter builders. And well, have you noticed? Yeah. See, it's like a culture shocker now. Oh, like what do we do now? Because you had a really rolling there on Wednesday Thursday and Friday with the euphemisms and the oxymorons and just to plain old everyday morons. And they were on a roll man. They thought, hey, this is heaven. WDQA, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good. Hey, Andy, where do you have a great idea for what George Bush had been doing? Yeah. Did you hear it? I did not. And see, he looked at me. He told me he needs to get off the camping channel, stop acting like a candidate and start acting like a president and get us out of that quagmire. Put all his energy in to get in the set of that quagmire as opposed to campaigning. Well, I had a suggestion for you, Andy. Hold your breath. Okay. And he'll write now. We'll let you know what an exhale. We'll keep on on your eyebrows. The chances of that happening on a scale of minus infinity are, it can happen. And in addition, which how do you act like a president? Oh, you know, put on some makeup. Oh, in other words, what he's been doing for three years plus. Twelve minutes after one at five, 60 WDQA, me and I, no biometrist can be so dang confusing. So many brands in different model names that are restored, so it's almost impossible to compare plus all the phony sales. False promises and strings attached to you have to re-freed to find print, which is why dollar mattress is so amazing. It's the easiest possible way to buy a mattress. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get the best prices on the best brands, with your delivery on your schedule and the best customer service in the business. Line a world where you want to shop for mattress any place else. Now a mattress won the 2004 Better Business Bureau local torture ward for excellence because they work harder than anybody else to earn your business before during and after the sale. When you call 1-800 mattress and talk to one of the expert betting consultants who are rest assured, you're getting the best possible mattress and deal anywhere. Choose from a complete line of silly. Surdors Simmons King Queryl temperpidic and Stearns eminatus foster two. And dollar mattress takes same day orders all day long from candle to steward from Palm Beach to Fort Myers, so do what I've been doing for a long time call 1-800 mattress and pick the date and twilight livid window you want that mattress delivered. On time 99% of the time 99.7% is done when I just said yes. I'm one of the residents as far as customers and I guarantee you will be two when you call them the first time at 1-800 mattress, a log onto their website at mattress.com. Dilemma press 1-800-MATT-R-E-S-The-E-Z-S-Possible way to get you a great night sleep. We're supposed to be a 5-S-S-H-A-M. The military version of the old West, when cowboys were smelly and used 500 curse weights for sentence, there's a new gunslinger in town to avenge the death of his family. Why don't you feel like you're a fucking fucking hard stranger? Yeah, who did you? I'm a fucking old bear, mommy. He's saying that. Kid Blippy is a low bill. If you're our fast on a fucking jaw, I wouldn't be fast if I didn't put the lotion in a molster. I'm a fucking stranger. I think they throw the tariff for my low-schirpy shirt. That's about as close as we can get to promoting the violent gun and get one. Only on each. Once 17 at 5.60WQM, the man dog coming at 2, we're gonna change the poles now. Oh. I already emailed a tariff. I mean, a fact that I did something with it. I stuck it in that stuck it. I already texted to him. Here's the final result of the first poll today. What's your take on the abusive Iraqi prisoners? Obviously the audience isn't nearly as a whip-up into a frenzy as I thought they would be. No. No. They just read don't care. Bush has to go 359. Quick to the best. Any. We could have asked. Which is the best donut. And if we put Bush has to go as the first category on there, it would have won. Right. See what I'm saying? Bush has to go 359. Rumsfeld has to go 145. Only the abusive officers should be punched 101. It's part of war 79. I just don't give a Schmidt 65.3% which is depressing but probably the honest answer. And they must have deserved it 32% or almost 800 vote. Here's the new poll for the rest of the day. Much more important obviously. Which is the best donut. Okay. This is something they can sink their teeth into. Christy cream. Duncan donuts. Or I hate donuts. I don't know why they have their choices. There are many many independent donut shops. Yeah. But none that we have heard of. I know there are individuals. This is like mom donuts. Pop donuts. Yeah. Mom's donuts. And then it grows donut. You're brosy donut. That's by the way. We thought about that. Yeah. I suppose the bros. You suppose the bros? No. Yeah. Who knows about the bros? Hose. Bush is a best donut. Crispy cream. Duncan donuts. All right. He'd donuts. We have no other choices. Now naturally you can always add on to that list. But see what's going to really piss them off is. And another pool where they we. I mean, is there anything else to really put on there? No. Not really. But we'll see. Because I mean, let's do it to scientific way on our website instead of having a bunch of stupid people calling and saying, Oh, crispy cream. But our docket. Yeah. It's just pathetic. I mean, we're killer good hour 40 or one minutes. But we ain't gotta go to do that. Alan King is dead. We mentioned that the beginning. He was a lung cancer. Heavy heavy smoker. He was all right. I mean, he was not like really fall down funny kind of guy. But he was small. So, you know. 76. He's dead. All of Osmond is dead. She was the mama. Mama Sita. The whole Osmond clan. She's dead 78. After a nasty stroke. Look at that power balls. 250 million. I'm going to go with that. I'm going to get in the car and run a car grab on that Ohio. And win a power bowl this week and then have a good time. And then maybe that guy would just pick up truck and drive up and give you what for. Give you like Licky, Licky all over your body. That's probably what he'd like to do. Oh, yeah. But all those people have called all the names. Him there. Just like your seen over there in the racquet. Now that's what it's all about. It's closet factory. He had his finest. WCWM. Hello. Feel. Yes sir. I'm sorry. I've never added to your polls before, but I just feel compelled. Does that be your request? Compels you go ahead. Public. Baker, you've make very good donuts. But I would never eat any there because donuts are best for you. No, I'm not actually what you'd eat him or not. I mean, this is not. I'm going to come and check in your coverage and all we might. Go looking at the second cover from the right. Oh, that's the one. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. See you at publics. Publics. Let's put publics on here. We can get Josh do a little bit of work here at a couple of names on, right? Maybe we'll have a list of a whole bunch of about 30 minutes. Like who will clock? What do you think? I doubt it. And then we'll of course have to go and sample them all. You will have to go. I'm not. I'm not eating no donuts. I'll tell y'all about it. No. I don't even care because I know crispy cream is the best number one. And number two, if I'm going to eat something outrageous like that, or maybe some rollo. I scream things. Cones. You ever have rollo candy? Rollo cones? Yeah, they have them. We call them rollo, but then what do we know? Is it rollo? I don't know. I could be wrong. What do you want to know? It's probably rollo, but you know, I went to school in Florida. I see. They're damn good no matter what you call them. And they're going to kill you. They're just nothing but peer sugar. Although the thing about those now, if we're talking about the same cone, is that it doesn't really have a cone. The part underneath the ice cream is all chocolate. It's solid chocolate. Is that what we're talking? Mm-hmm. Yeah. See now the cone is where you find all the trans fatty acids in there. So that's probably a lot worse for you. If you get one of those ice cream cone things with a cone, as much much worse than the rollo, which is pure chocolate, which has probably got more calories than more sugar, but won't kill you so fast. Because you don't have the trans fatty acids. Got it? Got it. You're coming from a colleague, Kolkomeni, where does that stuff in that homo problem, too? And I'll look what's happening over there in Iraq. Enable, grab a minute. Do you want to keep you am, hello? So? Yes, sir. Uh, will you help me? Speaking. Oh, no, how you doing, man? I'm going to help. I'm going to help. I'm going to help. Oh, my god, how could we forget that? And uh, velvet cream, all the mixed on it. Okay, the good point. Thank you. See, I told you this is going to, now the audience is happier. The velvet cream, which I can't read, that's with a K. Yeah, right? And entoments. Now, entoments quite frankly. I don't think we're had an entoments just a donut. Maybe I did, I guess I must have. With all the crap I've eaten. You must have. They, like, the chocolate covered doughnuts are the ones that most people buy from entoments, which are, I can't wait to see the way Josh is going to spell entoments. But nevertheless, now velvet cream. Uh, I'm trying to think that I'd certainly predate Krispy cream by a long time, but, uh, we're, we find those. I, I don't know. Dang. So see this, like, Tonya, this was going to open up a whole new avenue now. The audience is going to have to feel so bad like we've, we've shut out their creativity. They're, uh, their laundry list, all of these things, you know? All of these things. Right. Now that you're a little bit better about life and they're not so pissed off that I'm back from vacation. Of course, it could always be a range I can go right back tomorrow, sounds good though. No. Why not? Go to that. Then of course, don't forget a week from tomorrow. George will be on again to just test it out. Make sure it keeps it in practice. Test out that panel of our finger, uh, our button pushers. W to Q a and hello. Mr. Donetsk. Mr. Donetsk. Mr. Donetsk. I may be going to be BTA this summer. W BTA go about it. I hope we run into each other. At least I run into you anyway. And if I see it, wouldn't surprise me if he was here. Yeah. My, my, my, my, my his back. W BTA. But David, I ride my. Oh, you'd be perfect there, man. Talk about the blind leading the blind. 560, oh, I actually ought to be working on the blind. I actually ought to be working for Greg Reader would think would be a perfect fit blind leading the blind man. Greg, congratulations on the phenomenal job you guys have been doing over there. Power 96 W Q a and we couldn't have done it without you. Greg, without your fantastic leadership with your hands on approach with your real interactive thing. That's what I hear on the building is done interactive thing. That's what I'm hearing. I can't tell you to tell me that, but you can probably imagine. W Q a and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Pretty good. Good. Listen, just so you know, the developer creed was on H street at 30 second Avenue across from Georgia, supercent and another wonderful place. H street in 30 second. Yeah. In Miami and Kyojo. Oh, that ain't my hood. Across for the world, Georgia. I'm I guess they were all over the place, though, but it was a story. All right. All right. Great. Great. Thank you. Thanks. Thanks. And all this abuse and all this barbarism and crap. All the lies, all the innocent lives being sacrificed. We don't care about that. We want to hear about donuts. Now we got something like I said, we can seek our teeth and do right. That. Look, they got crispy cream here as my fellow. I don't think, I don't know. I don't think that close by me thinking this. And unlike where you are in Toronto, you don't go any like your convenience store and find crispy cream donuts or any like local gan. I haven't even seen any gas stations here. I'm thinking of fordany. I think they'd rather don't fumes. But but in in South Florida, for example, you go into like your mobile station. Right. And behind the counter, because from what I hear is crispy cream, we'll set it up just about anywhere. If you want to have a thing full of their donuts. Yeah, a boot. Whatever it is. Well, whatever they call it. Yeah. They'll come in and they'll set up for you. And bring your fresh every day. At least they used it when to like start losing their ass. See, it goes to show you man is a whole thing with a stock market. I don't want to get started on that again, but it's, you know, hide it under your mattress. That's my best advice, okay? Hide it under the mattress. Don't let anybody see it or touch it and money either. Because all of this below me. But this is the hottest damn thing to come along. A fool and his money are soon parted. Nobody knows that better than I do. Believe you may. In fact, when it show ends at 2 o'clock today, I'm going to be making a phone call. You'll be able to hear it even off the ear from all the way down there. Be hearing screaming, gnashing and wailing. I was being exactly. In fact, I might call him. This bitch, him out. Just in general, a principal. I spoke by the way, the weakest link, the moment. A grotesque book. Joe Rose showed you his ass, man. He showed it right to you. His big, right little Y.R.S. Right to your push. Let you in the dust, Mo. I'm feeling good. Yeah. So anyway, it's good thing that you told Joe because our fine programming staff and management didn't bother to tell Joe Rose when I found out he after this was like, Well, third day. Man, you clear clearance and stuff you ought to be ashamed of yourself. All these stuff anyway. Clones are getting to my checks. Hey, good news. Lobster Fest is back at the Emerald Coast. If you've never been there, you don't know what you're missing. Not just nor Neri Asian buffet. They're all over the place. We're talking about a gigantic feast. Emerald Coast offers sensational mouthwatering dishes. You won't find no place else. So that with six different kinds of soups, dozens of delicious mouthwatering entree is like, New York strip made warden. There's sizzling Asian grill along with their new whoon on fish. Enjoy main lobster thermator style, Jonah crab oysters on a half shell. And they've got handcarp primer waiting for their brand new Thai specialties to. No MSG, no cornstarch. They cook only with cholesterol free oils. Soon, never after worry about walking out of there with a headache. Just a big smile on a big fat pupic. There were faith features of full salad bar full Chinese food lineup. Their brand new sushi bar and of course fresh. Soon cocktail. And if you have any room left after all of these things, which is unlikely. But if you do, take the crowbar and shove it into your pants and make room for some dessert because they got a full dessert station, featuring Belgian motholes pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit too. No donuts. But it's the perfect ending to a fantastic feast. Airmlook Coast 3 locations for you, Pemberp pie and sunny alzine and sunrise. Take the old family, booking ex-business luncheon right now. Let him do the cooking for you. Take out of the available two. Hoded number one buys the gut restaurant reviews and even WSV and news. A sample of his best Asian buffet. And I guarantee you they're right. Call 9-5-4-5-7-238-22. 9-5-4-5-7-238-22 for information about the World Famous Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. The World Famous is the sports waiting for biceps. You way am. To an Iraqi stadium near you, it's the concept festival you've been dying to see. La La for lucha. Oh, real faith. The cutting edge alternative terror is done one stage for one explosive proponents. La for lucha. Seek such genus idle artists as Mokata Al-Stutter. He is deputy, Mustafa Al-Jakubi. And 963 other names we've carried and run out. If you want to see a concert tour that's come to me, follow G.I.s, you won't want to miss La La for lucha. And coming later this summer, it's Gaza place. I was worried. Oh, someone else, or... Oh, could I shoot? Let it pot! 1232-560WQAM. 58 votes on a second pull now. This is the important one. Now, you notice how he did that purposely. Donut can be spelled VO-UGAe, and also DO-N-U-T. Right. Oh, we've got a mits and mats all over the place. the best donut, crispy cream 26 which is clearly the best answer the right answer 26. I hate donuts 13. Dunkin donuts 12, publics 3, end of inch 2 and velvet creams got a pair. They have 2. How can it be that close? Well there's a lot of people with bad taste I guess and don't forget Dunkin donuts is for glam. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. How about a cute way to help him? Oh yes sir. Yes I am. God loves you sir. I was wondering if you listen to your bit you played the other day and it has cartmen on it. You forgot to believe just before it speeds up. Yeah. Have a good day. Okay. What is he talking about? Whatever. I don't know. Yeah. There was a bleep that he thought should have been somewhere. Well we don't really care okay sir. So just don't. Remember you hear? Oh yeah. Well we have auditions for people to sit on that long table and to panel with the yellow square buttons. We'll let you know okay. A few months away. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WDQAM hello. QAM hello. All right. Same just punching all over the place just to check it out. QAM. Yes sir. There is no doubt in any buddies. Blittered or illiterate mind it's got to be Duncan Donuts. Christian cream. Can't hold candle to a Duncan Donuts. Well how about if we try holding a candle to your back go and then you can sympathize with those reporter racky prisoners over there too. What kind of an idiot a comment was any kind of kind of militant about it too. He sounded like one of them guys you know. I guess the trailer parts did probably like Duncan Donuts a lot when you think. Right on the trailer parts they probably bring you home the public's brand by the dozen you know. WDQAM hello. Jesus rules buddy. WDQAM hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Would you marry me to get me to go? WDQAM hello. Yes I agree with that last call. George is definitely okay. It needs to be put. WDQAM hello. WDQAM. WDQAM. Yes sir. How about hostess and Drake's cakes. What was the second one? What's that? What's that? What's that? New York, baby. What? Never heard of it. But hostess is around. The hostess with the most is. Put hostess sounded to make him feel better. I thought hostess made cupcakes while I guess they made cupcakes. They made brownies. And donuts. He sounded like a brownie hound to me. 25 till 2 and here is the book spinning on the axis of evil America's war against Iraq which I know that all the intellectual people in the audience were rushing to the bookstores to buy by Scotty Rhodes a paperback. You might actually be able to afford it but I doubt it. Spinning on the axis of evil America's war against Iraq by best selling author and award-winning journalist Scotty Rhodes. If you read one of all these books that are about today, this is the one you need to read. Okay? Got it. I'll even bring it back and loan it to you. Loan it and then I want it back. It's just all in there. It just tells you everything you need to know. If you really want to know, and of course most people would rather not know. They'd rather be in the dark. I don't know. WDQAM hello. How about Ken Hoard? What is it? Ken Hoard? So, Tim Horton's doughnuts. Now we're talking a, I'll ride. How can I forget Tim Horton? Yeah, put it on there. Just for fun. Maybe a couple of connox will be voting for Tim Horton's. How the least do a mud away. Yeah. Fairly significant moderator on the buzz. Other, okay, buzz this, okay. And one of their all-dryken after that the last fully game. And anyway, it's all over and it's probably just as well, you know. I know you're pretty excited about the finals, right? Conference finals. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon world of science. Certainly they're the world's man. Ken had a win in the world tournament over there in Europe. What are they going to give it up already? It's getting a little bit stale and old. Just too much of a good thing. WQAM hello. The stomach, still in this. Uh, that's a good question. I don't know. Uh, I don't think so. You don't think so? Uh, there was one on the street. They tore it, flat down to the ground and the arm plate. And the one in Coral Gable has been gone for a while. Crispy cream rules. Alright, now there's somebody with good taste. Thanks a lot, sweetheart. Crispy cream rules. Well, I'm put about, I mean, tell the cream at least once upon a time. It did exist. But what's the question again? Which is the best donut? Maybe they got some petrified that they've been hanging on for a long time. Maybe they put it in a freezer. Great. That's like a good, uh, my otte, I was going to say chocolate is clear, but you know what's even better than that is cream puffs? Oh, yeah, that's a good. I haven't had one of those in a coonsate, man, a cream puff. I don't believe it. I haven't. I haven't. I don't know where to find those even. Cream puffs. I don't know where to place in this station. There are. Oh, well, that's another story. No, no, seriously. Where would you go to find a good, like, chocolate-aclera cream puff? What kind of a bakery? There aren't really a lot of good bakeries. What? In Hollywood, we have them like French bakeries and stuff like that that are very good. On the damn wrecking Amsterdam, they have a French bakery man where they're lined up at 7.38 o'clock in the morning for the, um, all across songs and all of the stuff they make in the morning. They make like those little tiny pizzas on whatever to hell, kind of French bread, unbelievable. Not that I'm eating them. You do understand and just watch the news. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQAM, hello. Hey, the side forward. I really don't need to stop vaccine. 20 page. All right, sorry, no. Go ahead, sir. Don't let you or just step on your material. That's okay. I got to, um, one was, uh, I don't know if they still make donuts, but doesn't roll castle make donuts? They do? I think so. They're, they're never heard of that. Yes, they do have bakery there because they used to have a little, uh, coffee right up. They create, bro, castle? Not a bakery, but they actually have the donuts and they're the Boston creamed on it. So I know, for the white frosting on the top. I'll be there. It's a one of your, the one in North Miami, I think it's from a 12-apk. I might not. We're in Arnold's. We're in Arnold, that's it. That's it. And that's all I have to contribute to that. Okay, thank you. Have a great day now. What were you saying about the guy from where? South Broward brokerage, your mortgage brokerage, or your 20-preacon page fan. Of what? Crap? George Tenet said, gender for the next century or something like that. Oh, God. Stop already. Stop trying to save the world. It's just a freaking radio show. Okay. So I'm going to put out little information there for you to read some potteries articles to kill four hours of your menace life every day. I have no one in the South border, which pretty soon is going to be like a, it's going to be like a steam factory down there pretty soon. What's the temperature now about 89 in the shade? Not really. It's quite nice last night. And not that today. Tenet of me, well, you just wait, Mr. You want to see nothing yet. Like I said, pretty soon. Like in the like about the half an hour. It's going to be smoldering. Twenty one till two at five. Speaking of half an hour, Jim Manage be longer to a clock this afternoon. The highly rated afternoon boys. Jim Manage Hank Goldberg had a big book. We had a big book. Joe Rose had a big book. In fact, the weakest link was of some five day in the morning, man. Especially those six to eight hours that a disgrace and embarrassment to QAM. We're still waiting for Tom Jick at a write is a piece about the ratings. You know, you're pretty disappointing Tom. I'm not talking to him anymore either because at last time, you know, when I try to get the thing out about stuff FCC and all of that chance. And he still miscoded me again. Put something into paper about while the station is every few minutes that keep taking some Well, that's not what I said at all about the station taken stuff away. It's because of the FCC rulings. It's because of what's happening to freedom of speech that we used to have once upon a time a little bit of Tom, but you can't get it right, can you? Tommy. So perfect for soft load of man. Just like Howard Cohen at the Harold. Perfect match. Big one or six. And in fact, when you think that this rating book if the only thing you wrote about was steering go off the ear and a market and big one or six taken as gigantic tumble. Wouldn't that alone be worth your all week could mention some of the other numbers in passing, but doesn't that make for like an important article? No. Excuse me. 141 at 560 WQM, spring of the savings right now and save like never before on a great new car truck from Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead. The run US one just 20 minutes out of the E36. Armstrong Toyota of Homestead is worth the drive no matter where you're hanging out because they're going to save you so much cash. They will literally save you thousands and thousands of great new Toyota's. Check out the great leestials waiting for you right now. They got an O4 camera or 400 for just 269 a month before 48 months and O4 Highlander, you pay just 309 a month if you need a truck. How about an O4 Toyota ton with the safest truck in America just 179 a month before the 8 months. And these are just a few of the great savings waiting right now at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. General manager David Rich and a staff will do just about anything other than the son to get you into a new Toyota day. So experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference locally on an operating committed to 100% customer satisfaction to the service department is even open late till late we need to make sure they get all you worked on free and done right. Easy to find in the run on the corner of US one in 233 street in homestead just 20 minutes out of the 836 and wait till you hear this good news Armstrong Toyota Homestead offers you free tires, batteries and replacement lights a parts for the life of your vehicle. That's right. Tires batteries and feet parts for life nobody know where it is that. So don't waste your time at the big mega dealers and car drives who give you the big saw to dance scream and shove and then get you into their dealerships under false pretenses only let you down. Call David Rich, choose the GM the guy you want to talk to with Armstrong Toyota of Homestead Call him a 305 24232 47 for an unbeatable deal for real 305 24232 47. Travel a little and save a lot in that great new Toyota. Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. Ride and local. Here's sports video 560's you a. You a.m. Barack loves to watch bobs and butts and boiting. Absolutely. To give you all across the country. I'm not the steamer. Get the sand plan. I'm going to be just a little bit. I can't just say they didn't want to buy the shit. And the best one would do the trick. I'm gone. I need chase. No girls who wear a lace. No big brothers, those specials. They're people born into their mountains flat. The dragon box tops is red curbs. All across the US. Here's Texas glory. Was they hidden that is really but cash is no reward. Not on, I'd be chased. No girls who wear a lace. No big brothers, those specials. One forty seven at five sixty WQM. I think tomorrow what we're going to do is do just do a complete turnaround. Okay. Because it's taking us all of these years. We find a figure out what the South Florida audience responds to. What they just lap up. I mean they will phone in by the millions of you give something to and seek their teeth into. How about something really easy like what's the favorite product in the public's. Oh boy. Like velvita cheese or um. How many thousand products can you think of? About thirty thousand. Thirty thousand. We can in fact that can carry us right into August. I would thank. Name some food. Yeah. That's not a bad idea. In fact, I'll make it even more specific. Name some food you like. And then the next day we can do names some foods you don't like. Would be good. Of course brand names naturally. How we do on the donut trail. And of course this is all inspired by Josh. You can blame him because he had the interpret. Comment earlier about black and duck and donuts. But then crispy cream which I thought that was like a revolutionary to say that. Oh, we'll say this. On American yes. Don't condo does has other things like coffee. Coffee. Coffee. Coffee. Coffee. I can't drink coffee. Yeah. So other. Of course. Oh yeah. They're very good too. And they you know they make croissant sandwiches. I thought that's burglar king makes. Well, he like life. Of course sandwiches without the egg. Or with. How come we never got that back in the days when default was working on. Speaking of default, how did the WFT have to? As the other station doesn't show up in the market. 850. Member Jim Sarnison. All new savvy sports fans out there will punch a button up to 850. A program your butt day 50. You're an idiot Sarnymera. Total puts. God. He looks like a puts. He walks like a puts. He is a puts Jim Sarny at the Sunsonl. Another idiot. He listed the numbers that the moth fed him of several days ago. Never mentioned my name though. This show doesn't exist because it's not a sports show. See. So even though we had the highest number on the station as usual. It didn't make it into Sarnym. Because we don't do a sports show. You know nothing about radio. Probably don't even. Oh, a probably hangs out with Howard Cohen from the Harold. A to him. Probably doing something. 129 votes. Best on a crispy cream 60. Duck in donuts 23, which is just ludicrous Josh. I hate donuts 22. Enemies don't at six public donuts five. Velvet cream four. Well, either a bunch of old marks with a good memory or maybe this one still around somewhere. Just because it doesn't exist in those neighborhoods where they said, you know, like in little Havana. Our humans begin to donuts. I would think so. Why not? The greasy right? The fried fried and greasy. Sure. No beans though. Tim Horton's donuts. I don't know. It's one host this donuts don't have any yet. I think we just invented something really new and great. Crispy cream donuts with beans with refried beans. All right. Hmm. For Cinco de Mayo. What's not to like? 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WQA and hello. Yeah, I do. Pretty good, pal. Uh, late entry. Have you ever your best eaten donuts? No. I was up in New England before Duncan don't. It's the cover. Never heard. You know, you think Wolfie or Romeo are going to step down. This is just getting disgusting. Not a hand. No. No. You think anybody? Um, I mean, below the cabinet is going to take a hit for this or it's not. Oh, sure. Absolutely. They're going to find some scapegoats. You bet. But I mean, not just the PSC. Oh, I know. I noticed that, uh, Chuck Hagle said today that, uh, who's of course is a Republican. He said that, uh, he thinks, uh, it's getting close from Saltman have to go. It's been half the roll and he'll keep the good work up. Thanks, pal. He's going to roll. But in the meantime, there's only one head that he's thrown at the November and it don't look too promising. Because John Kerry continues to be really scary. We just can't find him. We can't seem. I don't, I'm not even sure he's still around. You know, he may have just left. He may have gone on high. He just robed. You know, that new one that they're building that they can seem to get it. He ever had finished. That may be where John Kerry's hanging it out because he just, uh, absent. Here's the opportunity to go in for the, see, He doesn't have the, I don't know how he beat Dean. I'll say it again. I think that that whole thing was fixed. How did he come from absolutely nowhere to win all this primary? I thought too. I mean, what was that all about? What, what precipitated that? Besides, of course, the great scream and then of course the biggest mistake of them all. Well, we got to see Judy Dean. That was the real killer. Let me just, let me just guide. I haven't played that in a long time. I think we still play that. I don't think she says, I'm two or three times. And by the way, I let South Park thing you like, uh, Oh, oh, oh, what a bunch of knuckleheads. What's that, you know what that punk was trying to say? I have no life. That's what he was trying to say. Tell me the QAM hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Pretty good. First of all, I got a second, your, uh, your choice. Those, uh, don't us shops and amps to them. There's one right on Damrack. Right on the tell that I stay at. I mean, I go to the end. You stay at the Swiss hotel. That's exactly where I stay. How did I know? Because it's almost right like, uh, on the other side of McDonald's. And I always get the same room to 11, because I have a balcony. Well, the windows, they open up right on to Damr Square. Right. Right. Out at all the people and pro joint stand for them. Also, uh, but those places that, that, that, that, that, one o'clock in the morning, I would get four or five donuts and bring them back to the room with me. Uh, but also that guy who called about Drake. They're the ones who make ring ding devil dogs, uh, those things. That's the thing. How are you doing? I don't think we say ring ding anymore. I think it's, uh, on the list. Or devil you dog. Now God forbid. Anyway, uh, and uh, I'm not a material man. Hey, and thanks a lot, Totsines. Yeah. Do we? 152 at 560 WQA and low. This is sports radio 560. You wait a few, man. Laura, and no. A word from Howard Dean's wife. Hi, hello there. And Dr. Judas Steinberg. Why if a presidential candidate Howard Dean? You can call me Judy. Not judge Judy. That's that different rescat. People want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard. Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I scared a crap out of myself. I made crap at this and I look like a Shayna Poonam. Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much judicious, huh? Anyway, how he says after a few days. Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it. No, I say that's a bunch of mischievous. For those of you who don't to capace the year is that means crap. How is a good guy? Though he's what you might call a loose cannon. He's got a pretty bad temper on him. I remember one time when the right kids left a cap off of the toothpaste. I thought he was going to blow a gasket. The veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were born in the corners of his mouth. Even Maschuga, I spent 23 years with this shagots. Most of the time he's a mench, but on occasion, I hate him. I think my husband, Howard, would make for a very good president. One of the things I'm a little peo about is that Howard doesn't let us have a TV. I've run out of eye protection in the city. I got a shut down to campaign headquarters, or to the crookers, to watch on some tiny black and white set. I have never seen any program in color. So I'm not Jackie Kennedy. Hell, if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't want to make up. I'm like a whisker away from being amish. Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign. The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints. Anyway, Gazagazon, that's your dish for Dr. Judistine, but it's over and out. People are by the committee to a like John Kerry president. Don't forget tomorrow it's going to be a name some food then on Wednesday and name some people. And then Thursday named some dead people. Huh? Oh, they'll really get more of that. I don't know. Over that time we did a idea to pull on the dead people and he's knowing or show about dead people and he's getting bigger. Maybe he's not getting a bubble. I'm so moved. He's a good news about it now. Mo is that everybody's getting bigger, waiting for the new or even the test pattern. So you don't have to feel bad. I don't take it personal. Unless you want to. They just call hate you, Mo. That's what that's what the deal is. That's a moody. Anyway, which is the best doughnut. That's a very important pull we're taking right now. We'll get into the food stuff. We take it very cereal. 169 votes. Krispy cream 90. I hate doughnuts 29. That's kind of surprising. Aren't you shocked? How do you hate it doughnut? I don't know. You just scream at the hole. Duncan doughnuts 28. Antimons doughnuts 10. Public doughnuts 5. Velvet cream 4. Him hardened 3 votes for Tim Orton's day. And host is doughnuts 8. Make it a cut. Bye bye bye! You're welcome to show. I'm five six. You're the only two. I'm a man for my day. Big money. Big money. Big gift. Big deal. BAH!