Alley, alley spam. I'm just saying, I'm too many. If you miss it, if you leave these kids, they can't stay the same because they're honest. In the same because they're honest. In the same. No more, even though in the mud, they can use zippers instead of buttons. First time seeing a computer. Going for lunch at a place called Looters. I'm home never heard street nons and in the first time they never seen a home ball. I'm listening. Back home is a different thing. No tattoos or belly rings. Come on, come on, feel no guilt. When you eat home, you can do this. That will elay. The place is so pretty if they say. How will they survive when they're honest? In this movie. When they're honest. In this movie. I'm dying over here. It's 11.17 at 5.16. How many Qm? It's 11.17 at 5.16. How many Qm? Nice to meet you. What was that? Do you remember? No. Anyway, we got Josh Curtis in the beast today. George is off today because his daughter is on a way to Japan. Any other secret to your port. So here we are. Anything else, Robin? Ha ha ha ha ha. I got an idea. What do you say we go till midnight? All right. Okay. We're going to go until midnight. Whether mad dog likes it or not. Whether a mole likes it. No, no, no, no. By the way, a mole. He's full of it as usual. This mole. Man, oh man. He is just a mole. Maintace, lunatic. He thinks that I'm upset over the fact that I'm, they're taking time off of my show. And then I have to work a lot less for the same money. Hey, guess what? Well, you're looking at a dream world. The only thing that does bug me is that whole, you know, be nice if we knew when we're going home if they ran out of gas finally and threw in the towel. Anything else, Robin? Anything else? Is there anything else for you? It's just a little bit, you know, I'll over the top. You know what I'm saying? Is there anybody there on that side? Yeah, we're here. Yeah. What, are you giving me the sour routine like exact how is that it? No, no, no, I wouldn't do that. Yeah, you do it all the time. But you are just a big tub of crap. Anything else? I think she has another one for you. Here's a fact that says this sucks. I must listen on the internet. Worst of all, you haven't started your show yet. It's around 10. I've, well, guess what? 30 minutes later, we're still waiting. So I'm a static. They can go on to a lot of clock, but it would be nice to have like some little cleaning at my idea when I get done because I don't want to have to listen to her droning on anything else, anything else? You know, because it's not my cup of tea. I'm delighted that we got that on the ear. It's a lightning. Is it? Yeah, the news? Very lightning. It's just even if I wanted to listen to Howard Stern, he's not streaming on QM. What up with that? Yeah, what up with that? Like, yes, we can't stream his show on QM, right? Yeah, we're streaming dead air in the morning. Really? Yeah, well, that's one more of bonus for us. That's great. Here's Steve, who's obviously, uh, doesn't understand that he says, I just want to let you know you're not broadcasting on the internet today. I can hear the promos in a whistling sound during commercials. But then it goes, did when you come on. I hope this can be repaired. Well, guess what's the, when you sent this facts, uh, hours ago, I was not. So you didn't miss, what you missed the Howard Stern show. We didn't miss this because what it was not. You just do your own show on the internet and that will just stream it on QM. I love to do that. That's a great idea. You'll just start it, tell the internet. No, like I said, that's a really bad idea. I didn't go for that. So they didn't want to be associated with that because you know, I'd use all the words that have ever been embedded. And don't you just want to add this one? I don't want to add that one. And come on, let's add this one. I'm gonna get these started now. I don't want to say word. You don't understand? I want to say. Because that show is not for me. That show is for the people who are working like that. I love the tremendous promotion by the way that W.M. is giving through. You've got a Howard Stern a couple of very jackass interviews. The Jim Sarny story in a very dense force page that nobody who listens to Howard Stern read down. And he builds words. And he newspaper. No. And he fliers. Everybody walking around with a sandwich board. I'm like it. Road mall or in poison beach up there. No, of course if they were in poison beach, it wouldn't care. Anyway, because they'd listen on buzz 103 and they'd hear it like a clean and on expirated pretty much. And with a really good signal. But nevertheless, not for us to ask these questions, isn't it? We just work here. We just work here. We want the money. So, Moe, if you're seeing Moe Howard David and he wants a lot of angst and a lot of conflict and a lot of anger. You know, if that piece thinks that I'm gonna accept his apology, you know. You're just an angry old bitter man. It's all you are, Moe. Don't do do do do do. So if you want to conjure up in your mind that I'm all been out of shape because Stern goes on until 1045, 1115, whenever he's in the house. And if he went on until 130, I'd be the happiest man on the face of the earth. To get paid this kind of money for doing a lot less work. All I can say is, oh, right, this man, if this old crow, oh, don't do do do do do. We need to leave, oh, sorry, crow. If this old crude believes that I'm here like saved the world or something like that, this is the same guy that was ripping me several months ago. Oh, here you see, it's been under radio. He's gonna be reading the newspaper articles. We're gonna, you know, that was bad, but now I'm supposed to be saved in a world because I decided that I'm not gonna get angry over the fact that they've got cut my workflow down. I mean, this man is just, I'm possibly, here goes, somewhere else promos. I didn't hear too much this morning, but I heard someone else promos. Same QAM, Howard Stern, Neil Maddog, and the hammer. That was fair. I didn't hear nothing about Gilding. I didn't hear nothing about the mo. Oh, Steve says you're back on the net, have a great day. Well, we never were on the net. Don't you understand the Howard Stern show we're not allowed to stream that on the net. Because then we're not allowed to do this. We're not allowed to use his voice and we're not allowed to do anything because he is the king of all hifes, so we can't do that. 17, Howard 8 votes on George's pool. And by the way, you can scratch out that first break because we're not gonna like try to jam for breaks into like 45 minutes. Okay. I'm just done. The time came and it went for our break and it was gone. So, bye-bye. That's something that they're gonna have to work out with the water, and not see and figure out what they're doing because they obviously don't. George asked yesterday, so how does this turn show sound on QAM on yesterday that they be over the Howard Stern show on WQAM? Oh! And here's the result. Not too promising so far. I didn't listen before and I'm still not listening. We have 17, every day votes. I didn't listen before I'm still not listening. 563, 33% of third. How do you like that? You turn with all the dumps it sounds like crap. 380. I should mention right up front. Yeah. That the audience thinks that the muffler is dumping everything. He is, but in addition to that we're having all kinds of satellite problems so they're dropouts on a satellite. That's when Greek or cranks up that heavy metal music. Right. It's actually Tommy's band that he's playing. So, Tommy's band. Sounds pretty good. The only problem being that the audience thinks every time they hear that, oh, that duck just dumped it again. The Howard must have said crap or something, you know? So, we got the dumps and then we got the dropouts on a satellite. So, with those two together, it really does sound like crap. So, with all the dumps it sounds like crap. 280, 22.2% said that. Great. Sounds great. It's good to have Howard back to it in 91. It sounds like crap, but I'm still going to listen. 196. So, if he add those two together, that's 28.4% which leaves another 72% almost. I want my sports back, 195. And because of the signal, it sounds like crap 87 because it's on a crappy AM station with all of that. So, a lot of unhappy people, I guess, but keep in mind that this is just a transition period, right? Right, it'll get better. It'll get a lot better in addition to which, most of the steering people don't have any idea that he's on this radio station because Greg Reed is usual has dropped the ball. This is unbelievable how anybody, on the label can, in fact, if he get a fast Greg, I bet you're someone who probably clobber his might drop out and water to horseshoe. About 30 minutes? Yeah, so don't get up too fast. I have never seen anybody make more mistakes, do more things wrong, unicectable, and just every time, it's like jumping into a bunch of horse crab and coming out smelling like lilacs, you know? That's him. I don't know how he does it. You? That's right, you're not a physician to say. Yeah, I know idea. But you are in a physician to say how, well, in fact, Josh Cordis, I'll, out you're right now. He used to, on the first one, it's more infulled me about mole, opening up a big mouth. I'm going to be listening to bar mourning because I think Neal is going to be very, I'm sure to, and I don't believe any of that crap it's all on the air. You're full of crap, ma'am. You're just a professional troublemaker, which is why you've been blown out everywhere you've ever worked us about or maybe everywhere. And why have they had any way to get you out of there right now, believe you me? I saw Hank on the, remember Hank over, he's still alive. So I'm on a racing thing, a hunt, a hunt, a hunt, a hunt, a hunt, a hunt, a hunt, a hunt, a hunt, a hunt, an ABC on Saturday, did a good job. He was there with Brent and I was burger to bunch of guys. In fact, there's Hank what are consulted when the, I would have given him the Frankie Tutorial horses, the second horse of the pick for their, he'd have been a little better shot. But at any rate, that he did a good job. And he's still around, very round, and he's, he's, he's got them back. Everybody in the radio station, we took a pool before the show this morning while Robin was giving us another story and anything else, anything else. And the pool is pretty much unanimous. We want the hopper back. It's nevertheless, we've been on a talk about it. Christie Turlings in behind, a beaded curtain on theorodrees.com. Born January 2, 1969. I think that's the second time we had her run the thing, isn't it? I don't remember. Now, I'm probably before you started. It's a while back. Christie Turling, Tim, so that makes her 35 last time. I checked for one in Walnut Creek, California. Ladies and gentlemen, best of George Michael. Wow, that must have been a short flick. In a mid-portrait, now we'll be Campbell and scenes smoking cigarettes in the middle of cool, the Beatles Revolution. A lot of made for TV crap. Catwalk, unzipped. And that's it, basically. But there she is, he looks pretty decent, I would say. She ain't no gender genus in, but who the hell is, right? You think how it's going to end as innocent? Don't forget to Howard Stern show that was on this morning. We'll be on E tonight. See, we're here to promote the Stern show. I'm delighted to have Monk Ue in. It's a great lead in. I mean, I don't, I can't handle the show myself, especially, well, any of it. Anything else, Robin? Seriously, stop and think about it. How massive does your ego have to be to just go on, until they practically drag you off kicking stream. And like 10, 20, he said, you know, we're going to wrap it up after this. Right. That was at 10, 20. Right. Well, they did. It just happened to be like 55 minutes later. 26 after 11 at 5, 60, 50, 50, QA. And over the years, I've told you about Chuck Alphay, Araina's patented hair system is Charles Alphay, or he simply the best in the business for over 35 years, providing amazing natural looking hair systems that are virtually 100% un-detectable. And right now, Charlie's introducing the latest development hair restoration called the New Laser Light Therapy Treatment. It's used for treating fine-in-thin-hair. This new treatment is that is FDA certified restores your hair and scalp act with healthy estate, while increasing hair shaft density in volume. The New Laser Light Therapy, that's cool light laser devices effective on both men and women, is a painless non-invasive treatment that's complete in about just a half an hour. Charlie and his staff are witnessed dramatic results with this great and assisted that impedes hair fallout for those of you who would fine-in-thin-hair. So stop thinking that by some kind of miracle, you're sitting here just going to stop falling of the sink, the shower on the floor, and give Charlie a call to learn more about the new exciting laser-life therapy treatments and how can solve your thinning hair problems. So truly can change your life and away you look. Call them toll free today. There's no obligation called 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413, run away with CharlesHealthiery.com. See you tomorrow at the next. Hey, it's Howard. Howard David. Now you're the boy that's seen in his dead body. And his dead face has three eyes on him. I call him before. No one around here is gonna miss you. I'm not a little too tall. I'm not a little too tall. I'm not a little too tall. I'm not a little too tall. I'm not a little too tall. I'm not a little too tall. I'm not a little too tall. I'm not a little too tall. I'm a 32-28-2-0-5-60-W-A-M. Here's an interesting fact. It's going to show you that we're right on top of things. Well, before we do that, let me do the appol for today. How about you wondering what inspired me to do this for? What inspired you to do this waterfall? Who do you think is the most beloved American celebrity of all time? Some people say beloved, but I don't think that's the correct pronunciation. Who do you think is the most beloved American celebrity of all time? The reason I'm doing that is 27 years ago was it yesterday or today. It was my head bed and I'm going to be a pain. And they just can't let go. Everybody's talking again about Grace Land and how to keep schlepping there. It's just amazing. Anyway, I got four choices on here. I'm sure a lot of we can add a lot more. Who's the old ball? I mean, everybody loves Lucy, right? Sure. Even though even though that's before you guys' time, but still, Red Skullton, God bless. Carol Burnett or Elvis. Those are the first four I put on. They're being the old troll that I am. Now, somebody fases me today, schedule from the QA website. Nice going, Clarence. You're really on top of it, baby. Maybe if Clarence would get off of you and on top of the work, he might get something done. That's your scanning right here. As you really see. I shop on a QA website. It's got today's program schedule. Gildy, five to eight AM. The big 8 to 10 AM. George Rodriguez, 10 to 2PM. Is that right? Bocafer 2 to 4 is that correct? That's a hey, Goldberg show. That's kind of sort of. Nice going. There's usually on top of it. If you do a little bit of work, okay? Instead of running around, top it around. Well, he's in there with you doing what? Doing you? He's fixing the log. Fixing the log. Well, guess what? Like somebody I know would say, don't ask with my log. Okay? He's fixing it, huh? I think we need to fix him, although I think nature had a head start. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. The pound 5, 6, the on the AT&T and Ferraris and Wireless Line. The most beloved American celebrity of all time. President Bush will face a home video barrage for which we put the election. This is good news. Ferraris, anything else? Fight away, Robin? Ferraris and I'm 11. Michael Morris has solved on Bush's handling of the 9 level of attacks. They've used on DVD and video tape October number 5. Oh, right, excellent. You're not supposed to be yesterday. Confirm Moore's initial intention to have the film out shortly before election. Day at time, from the director, favorite. Since May's can fill best film festival, we're a fair night on level one. After the movie debut, the record box office numbers for documentary distributor Lions Gate indicated to move Mike continue playing the after-play through the interview. Potentially delaying the home video release, but surprise not going to happen. Among DVD extras will be a feature by examining the release of Ferraris 9 level. We've lost its theatrical distributed last spring after Disney refused to let some city or a mirror max handle the film because of its political content. Also featured on the DVD will be deleted footage that includes the scene outside the Abugar right prison in Iraq where 70 West soldiers have been chartered with the views Iraqi prisoners. Carbred Javlila Lipscomb, the mother of US soldier killed in Iraq was featured primarily in Furnit 911. And an examination of accident experiences of Arab-American comedians after 9 level attack. I didn't know there were Arab-American comedians did you? No. I don't find the era very funny. I hate to say that, but I don't find them to amused with the card. Why? WQAM hello. Frankie Lyman, put him on there. I know. It's the Frankie Lyman guy. Let's put him on there just to make him happy. No matter what the pool is about this guy is always there. You even know who Frankie Lyman is. What is he doing? He was a singer right? Why do fools fall in love? He was a medley of his hit. We could play it about two an happiness. But we don't have time because we're kind of worse today. He's having figured it out. WQAM hello. Hi, is Neil there? Speaking. Neil Rogers. Yes, man. Hi Neil. How are you? Good. I'm a girl listener and I just absolutely love you. Thank you. Yeah. And I'm glad to turn back on, but I like you more. Okay. And that is the reason that sounds so awful is because of syndicated and your local. What do you mean by that? Well, it's found great. And his show sounds just the quality of his sound good. Yeah, the technical quality leaves a lot to be desired. It's not the fact that he's having these satellite dropouts, but it sounded to me. I don't know. Yeah. And then when you came on like minutes later, I'm like wow. Yeah. Like a breath of fresh air like something happened to my radio. Right. It was like, go to all the hockey games and football games. So I hope we can do all this here. Okay. Good luck to us. Okay. Thanks. See you. Good luck to you. Who's weak? Exactly. All of these things have paper in my office machine. Okay. Just ran out of paper. Say something clever. We're at most for a couple minutes. That's too hard to rip mo for a couple of minutes. Yeah. We've heard just say the brand new log that he, that he dilled with. Oh, look at this. This is I find, I think, oh, I have to go to log. Just clear it. Yeah. Well, that's about the only thing you're going to have with like her and see that. Yes. He has a pretty nice girlfriend. Does he really? Yes. He's pretty cute, man. What's his, her name, Bruce? I, Rebecca actually. Let's see. What did he change now? He just, nothing really. He just, uh, thickest it is what he did. I don't see any of the changes. I don't know why he's bothered sending me a page of the Enchanged anything. But that's okay because we're almost out of time anyway. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Well, let me just take you this about people with egos. The whole thing with egos to me is just denogating. I just, I don't have any go. Uh, and I don't understand why people do it. One thing, if you, you've been successful, you've accomplished a lot of let's find, you can feel proud of that. But people with big egos just turned me off big time. So the idea that, oh, well, they're stepping on needles. Time. But he isn't it. So like today, it's, it's already almost time for the next break. Which means it's almost noon already. And I, and all I said was basically hello into a couple of calls so far. And give the pull results, right? This is great. Yeah, what's not to like? That's my expression. What's not to like? What's not to like? I just for broadcast consumption. That's the way it is. Okay. That's not like we bond. I'll probably by the time I get back. You'll be gone anyway. I shouldn't have said that. WCWA and hello. What is it? Uh, speaking. Uh, how about a football first time on time about misrogers? Who, Mr. Fred Rogers, excellent choice. Thank you. Good job, Mr. David. We end you too. Fred Rogers, right? He's a little dead. Huh? Why not? Fred Rogers for the pull. The most beloved. That's a good one. I might have fetching his right up there with Elvis with a king, who's been dead for 20 7 years. Huh? He's got the. He's in the forest. Who's speaking? Oh, my God. No, no thanks. Not now. You're a little moldy, Elvis. WCWA and hello. Danny K put him on the pole. Danny K. Who I hear was, well, something to rhymes with K. Who was it that he was supposedly doing Danny K and I think Surincerous alerts Olivier. Right? K to Olivier. K and Olivier rhymes with K. Yeah. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Welcome to those Howard Sternlussers. Absolutely. By turn man. Oh, who are sticking around for the Roger show? Because I noticed that we get tremendous promotion and we have those promos in here. Well, it'd be nice if somebody would tell somebody outside the building that Howard Sternluss on WCWA in the mornings, 6 o'clock till whenever they feel like going home. No one sounds good to me. Like 1230. Hey, can we have a Marlon game today? Sounds good to. That'd be great. Yeah, let's do play last night's exciting thrilling victory over the Dodgers and a West Coast. 20. That's right. It could have been two of setting Dave Van Boring was calling the game. 20 till noon at 2 a.m. 1. Come on now. What do you want me to lie for you? Josh, what I've said about Josh. Josh. Cortis says that Dave Van Boring is more terminal and listening to milk turtle. He says it makes Joseph Gackie sound like a Mexican jumping being. For some time I've been telling you dieters about tasty low carb multi-grain pizza for my fine friends at Cutten Carbs Cafe out in the song. May fresh to word if they just added their menu a feta spinach pizza as well as a veggie galore and need to a personal size or family banana deal. Take it down with a choice of homemade soups, wash it down and of course it's affordable nutritious and so dang good. The focci cutten carbs cafe are so convinced you're going to fall in love with their food. They told me that today only Tuesday last time we check. Anybody who comes in before 8 o'clock tonight gets a small fat free low carb ice cream no purchase necessary. And then you only have to buy anything just waltz in there and give you a small fat free low carb ice cream taste great. Bring the home ish fucco with you the whole family if you want. Give them a call today at 9.5. 514. O-O-O-1 or look them up on the web at cuttencarbskafay.com. You'll find them in the same classes. Applebees and office deep a lot in the songgrass. Call them now by the way. I'm not too crazy about Applebees. Call them right now at 9.5. 514. Wait a minute. Oh, oh, oh, oh. One. And don't forget today only no purchase necessary coming before 8 o'clock tonight for a tasty fat free low carb ice cream. At cuttencarbskafay they also have an assurment of way out of raft so be salads and curry. So just jot down this number and soon you're going to be eating delicious fiber-ristic pizza and stop feeling guilty because the carbs are low and they won't put on lower weight. Don't delay column right now at 9.5.4. 514. O-O-O-O-1. That's 9.5.4. 514. O-O-O-O-1. And be sure to tell them that old Neil sent you by. The new Rogers exclusive lab. We're going to see you in the air. Holy Macanon, this is Jullbow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Anything else for all day? Who you see if you treat this? Nothing left. There's a pretty good chance there. There's no one else. Yeah, I got me a tool, my wrist is big as a whale and they say that they can fix it with some sense of health right now on light head is a field kind of funny. So hurry up and get that fun thing money. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh yeah, thank you for thankin' you to Ramsay. Where got the space button? Spition and advice in a patch. Can't that awake in saving your freezer? You can be an old geezer like a.l.a. oldest strategy! B幸. But stem cells are magic So everybody passes him around and around them, around and around. Devdles-del fate over甚至 Dustonos isced.ystooose it isteenst 147 13 don't know we got the mad dog at two we got the what's his name Your best close personal buddy Mohour David for the 7th fully Anthony suspended in vacationing hey Goldberg for the 7th then we got the baby at the 7th of 935 the Finns training camp What's he gonna be doing out there at 7 o'clock at night? I don't talk about the Antonio freedom or something just fishing around and Then we got Marlon's on deck 935 the game is at 10 10 kind of a strange time at 7th and 7th and the West Coast Marlon's at the Dodgers Followed by the embarrassing sporting news radio here is Johnny somebody says good choice Johnny Carson, right? Love Johnny Carson. Do you really why I? Just thought it was I was showing his great did you? Yeah, him and epic man a lot of people like McDonald's don't forget an vanilla ice cream Rick says who's just unbelievably chronic how about the great Bob Hope For your pool. That's another good choice And another one like I said they love McDonald's he says Greg we just still an idiot and dollar can say that Rick is Very George George is taking his daughter the airport today. He's go to Japan for that student exchange program And that's a boy this guy's unbelievable It'll like your Rick at a life here's Elmer who says I think you've stumbled on the something. No, Elmer Why don't you do a live unended and uncensored version of your show on the internet to the Howard decides to shut Robin up think about it Don't think the FCC can regularly will you see on the net just yet see that with defeat the whole purpose all the benefits of being able to Scraw for an hour and a half or an hour to quarter or forty five minutes and not having to do the work That would just create more busy work and what would be the point right? So the answer is a great idea. I'll merge with the answers no 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT and see in Verizon world of slime America's most beloved celebrity of all time Lucy, I voted for the right one. I guess 25 Elvis It's got 17 red skeleton seven curled burn at two Bob hope one Johnny Carson none of Mr. Rogers don't have any Frankie Laman none of the first 52 votes I don't see Danny K on there K a y e I don't see no Danny K drives He's typing right as I speak. He's typing it right. I probably thought that was a joke He would know Danny K from stubby K So I don't think oh here he ago John Wayne's is our friend John and Columbia South Carolina Good choice John. We'll too little. I assume that the Bush mice are on there Montana man shocks community maybe Robin could have read this this morning Howard did save me from reading about Chuck Leonard dime a former W ABC drunk the black guy Chuck Leonard did he didn't know he was black And anyway, you don't know who Chuck Leonard has no idea way before your time back when W ABC was the big big rock station in the York 77 W before they went to talk and ruined it And he was right about cousin Brucey what a cool he is I know this Howard was using a lot of words Which I'm sure that we done see I hear the pre delay here through my court What I used a lot of stuff under that we can't say tough Like And damn and a whole bunch of other but that's okay Until this is call spell Montana two by Georgian here today because he's a Montana kind of gosh sure Until he was arrested this year and is under were in a motel room with a nearly naked young woman who is behind an her payments to his Finance company there was an a businessman in this town where respected and Richard a decent senior You'd want to great cheaper ward the high-stone or local business later can receive from the chamber of commerce An dominating letter for the ward described him as the epitome of the reason we all want to live in the Calescal area These was an energetic force in the construction of New hospital a ski resort large hotel that established this northwest Montana town of 15,000 As a player in the convention business of the Rocky Mountain West It was impressively energetic to interetable in social causes serving as a church elder helping teenagers finish high school and volunteering his time to Christian financial counseling which help people manage deaths Since his arrest in February in a sting operation of the Cartwright local motel police of on earth They side of basins life that while impressively energetic is decidedly less civic minded Basin 62 who is married with grown children several grandchildren has allegedly told police that over the past decade He paid more than a million dollars to have sex with a large number of young women many of whom were in legal trouble addicted to drugs and And death to him according to court documents when police asked station how many of these women there had been he said there have been too many to count About 30 man or he thousand probably They said apparently lost count to police say how much money in paid all these women Investigators counting his checks he paid by checking amounts of between a thousand and six grand for encounter Sometimes as much as 130 grand per month now I estimate that they send spent at least wait in here this At least five billion dollars says Charles Harball the city attorney is the owner of Chris Matthews Harball The State Department of Public Health and Human Services is also trying to find out what they said as a court appointed Conservant with 500 thousand that have been awarded in product liability Said a month for long-term care of a severely brain damage child and never in an epidemic last month And the county court overseeing the conservators here a state social worker said the money under days This is controlled disappeared with no formula counting between 1995 and 2000 since then the child having turned up on local Hospital of severe malnutrition and infected ulcers on his backside Back to him has become awarded the state and that lovely lovely so far days has been charged with rate for allegedly Propaying a 15 year old girl for sex the age of the consent of Montana 16 He's also been charged with two felony counts of promoting cross-ditution Yadiyada yadiyada nice good good American guy now There is one thing that I'll say that I'm beginning to wonder about yeah that didn't dawn on me until this moment since this is my first day of following Stern Okay, and that is this The Neo Rogers listers and I know this would come as a great shock to Greg Reed who is done more than a boxer rocks But the Neo Rogers audience there are many of our listeners who really aren't Howard Stern people you follow what I'm saying right right Now that being the case how do our listers know? I mean do we have like a crystal ball? We have a psychic hotline that they can call to tell them what day they're gonna run out of steam I know you'll go home Because we were being told oh it's about 10 30 10 45 on the average now yesterday's the first day we carry the Stern show They wrapped it up at about 11 10. I would say you would take right right This morning about 11 15 If my man we just correct right right so we're not even close to having any idea when they finally are throwing the towel How do the Neo Rogers listeners have any clue as to when we start? I guess so just have to keep checking back with us right maybe we can like bring some sirens or Yeah, there's something there. We just set off a stink bomb when you're in front of you are something like that Let's you know hey guess what the coast is clear now even changed the dial not really a too promising that part of it It sounds like if there are any negatives to behold the left sounds like one right there not that I want to be negative Like some crusty cranky people we know Surged you on highly it says I tried for two days to listen to Howard Stern share waiting for you God what a piece of crap he says nothing they said was unique or funny or held my attention for more than a few seconds and Changing the subject saw the opening ceremony for the Olympics, so he's the one and Saw the Iraqi delegation noticed that the USA approved flag of the place by the traditional flag I guess they're showing the world and to our bias media that not always going as planned or whatever that means What does that mean? No idea and you notice one of the things the American athletes are doing is wearing very tiny little American the decals or logos under shirts and sweaters and things Not too popular being American around a world these jays a two beds one of those things that the bushmarks do did for you How many people are watching the Olympics so far? I thought third man how many people attend he was bigger than 8 billion dollars they spent an atons and we see spent a billion dollars for the rights and then nobody in Show enough What if they had an Olympics and nobody showed up? I think we're answering that question right now who cares Really pretty boring stuff you know why I love handball in an addition to where and that don't forget to synchronize the women's diving But Athens and most of Europe in a month of August they go on vacation anyway to show how well this was planned the local people go on vacation They twist as they're all terrified of terrorism so They ain't nobody there But wait till the next Olympics and be jinn oh yeah, they're all gonna be flack at a china Although the one thing they they got a billion people are certain sugar all the locals nobody only the notice WQA and hello Yes, sir hey man you're right about moment and he's just gotten ridiculous I'm Friday He was talking about how you're gonna be sitting there listening to every word that Howard says oh Yeah, right and somebody called up about this yesterday Those sports guys they they say stuff on the air or they let stuff go on the air that Supposedly you can't say anymore, but they say it all the time on their show In our state market on the win-man's station of course even our good buddy Joe Rose the other day or like a week ago So I heard him say the F word as far as a female like you know SLUT I've heard the he had you heard about Dennis Miller, right? No, he had Dennis Miller on Dennis Miller said A whole on the air and they didn't even pump it He had Dennis Miller. Yeah, but that Dennis is good personal Oh, no Oh, no, I'm going to go about birds of a feather do it together. That is just unbelievable I'm going to both you should do a Monday night football Yeah, right if they both got canned 11 57 now you've got a don't make it behind here because I feel like a little bit on the rush That's a little like rush by the way a KDKA took rush out and put Bill O'Reilly on you ready for that in Pittsburgh The money are falling and cars putting O'Reilly and it's like throwing and waving a white towel If you're on the Ankehens the South Beach or sugar busters ready low carb sugar free diet and head for a de-lights a white spokea for years now Delights us how thousands of low carb divers achieve their weight loss goals and now The lights are west both is celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discounts about the 50% off I'm low carb products like Carbo light purity light carpsence and lots more by the way malgit-life gotten played golf get lost It is their anniversary super special you can save half off all Atkins brand foods and supplements don't forget their great selection of low carb bakery Atms like cheesecakes, brands rolls and brownies and of course as always you can try anything Mr. before you shell out an occasion bite they got a staff that knows the low carb dieting inside an outen They're open every day till 10 and don't forget their guarantee the lowest price policy And all Atkins carbolite and purity light products too and the lights are west local promises you they will not be under sole It lights you'll find among the Northeast corner of glazing 441 right next to Boston market or calm toll free at 1 877 low carb That's what they w low carb or on the web it's low carb calm the lights are west book as your official Atkins retail centers Home land security top ridge advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the warning color to pink for the nil Rogers 12 to 1 hour And this is gift of buttery staff at a feedback in the Maloria scone kill buying a manly jock washup But mainly I'm honored to be sitting here alone the side of legend in sport holia after an extended absence And boosted by big lumpum from the last in a more heganess Well, most anything you'd like to add to my monolithical disinteri and just one thing and what's that my bull denage in friend? Who are you? That question my vaini knows me Bob has been asked to me many times and public turrets at the track and in the back alley's a life What's that noise? Not my class the mice killed me the ankle bracelet. I must carry for life as punishment for my sins against the Indian mission I like a body if it be from time to time keeps me on my toes But when I think negative thoughts it sends deadly currents writing through my body You've been away too long cow that a 30 burden for it. My sister's I can't get me anymore take it easy Love a movie change in my bracelet battery now see here you stink and I don't like you I don't talk shit don't want to run I use all the I wasn't doing it me. I did you find You Stop it You have just a girl Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Follow three or five 60 WM 90's we vote on a poll not too exciting They don't like this one. That's okay. I've invited you Who do you think is the most view loved American celebrity of all time Lucy of all 34 Elvis 28 five hope 11 Red Skeleton seven Johnny Carson five carbon at three John way in the doofs got a pair 21 Fred Rogers two Frankie Lyman one and Danny K has got the big oh Olympics our terrorist dreams is reported the Olympic Games increase our service dream come true and undercover Report is been able to get a job at the heart of the games and plant traces vicious items that resemble components to make a bomb when a bomb a Grande Despite a massive one billion pounds to kill that's like two almost two billion dollars Security operation a journalist managed to secure a driving job Public to go with a British contractor would no references no formal interview At Friday spectacular opening ceremony in Athens a reporter was able to stand within 60 feet of dozens of heads of state including Prime Minister Tony Blair the Sunday mirror's Bob Graham The relation to Florida's a bottom Graham said he left packages containing slabs of great pastisine Batteries coils of liar and electrical tape and various locations including inside a sandwich container in the main Olympic stadium He said none of the packages was detected despite a major security lockdown and searches by the Greek army Identity text which would have exposed him as a journalist were never carried out and the report was able to wander around the side with passes In the names of Michael mouse and Robert bin Laden around his neck Michael mouse Bond Graham said when security was supposed to be at its tightest I regularly drove a nine-seater minivan Conveniently provided by an Olympic sponsor on an office site to get supplies of ice to childrens for the workers Performers and volunteers when I return with upwards of 60 large bags of ice the content of the van were never properly searched I could have picked up anything could have contained any number of explosives He added security is absolutely disgraceful the games are a terrorist dream come true Human assure insist from the authorities and the resources available to scandal on an Olympic scale He said I guess one more good reason that the people living course and good idea Made the right move 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT and team Verizon So what do you think about that a little dilemma? I have there but a show that starts like it no particular time And nobody knows when to tune for it at most we get a minute and a half notice Right one there shows you well know what we get it, but the audience does right so I'm saying there's no way to know You said I work all the stuff that I do at the beginning of the show like yesterday's pool and the Christie tourniquins behind a beaded curtain today a lot of people are gonna miss the beginning of the show And I have any idea what we're talking about it's kind of like when they threw the show back on there at nine Yeah, and had the nine to one thing on there and of course expecting everybody to turn off their morning shows at nine Which they weren't gonna do and didn't do as Gregory continues fouling and fouling and screwing up You know what who cares as long as that check keeps coming their funeral right WQM line nine hello Great People would be complete Without any griffin on it any griffin. Yep not griffin any griffin. Yep sounds good to me. Thank you. Yep. Thanks a lot any griffin. Yep right And by the way anything else Robin No, no seriously the way they do that it is it's almost the zoos like a like an endurance contest How much more can we do until we just collapse right on the floor? You hear fumbling for cards he knocks the cards so we're in the But then on and then she does the little lead into the soundbite that they're gonna play C3. I mean that's real professional C4 All the money that I'm on the body the generate they can't like it a computer I'm sure they got plenty of pubes. They got all those people sitting around that room I got like how many people do when I show I'm turned man WQM hello Jackie Gleason is a magnificent fat choice Thank you Jackie Gleason right especially in South Florida How many times did I tell you about Jackie Gleason sitting at pump and oh market is table and dining were right up by the window and didn't want to be bothered I'm turned man about 30 thousand times. I told you that I guess he wasn't really a pretty nice guy. I don't know I shouldn't say that. I heard things. Yeah, I liked him in the toy Yeah, the movie the toy. Oh, that face a toy. Oh, do do do do do do 567. Oh, 560 he was good. He was great But that was all back in the day you know those of us living in the past. I don't think we are living in the past I think TV and entertainment back then was so much better than the crap that's on now. I mean garbage WQM hello Oh, suck this okay, and there we is again the whisper and Paul. Sock yes, suck this WQM hello Yes, sir Hello, if you say Neil and hello one more time we're gonna land in your plane okay and ours too 567. Oh 560 pound 560 why he's confused. Nobody give him a roadmap or a driver's license when he got a one is a raft came on shore So what's hand coming back? Now let me ask you this are we still under like penalty a death that we can't to discuss any of these things is that either still because I don't have any MMO on that I don't have anything in writing. I haven't come around in here yet. Yeah, oh, they better not come on It's only luck. That's only when George is on it come on. Oh, you can't talk about this you better take that pole down You know the way they mistreat your day of views him that poor little spikman Abuse him something fierce because they know they can they know if they come in in a middle of the shore when I'm I'm I'm gonna tell them to blow it out their ass blow it out your ass stuff and clearance especially Duff that dough means especially clearance Duff send her a lot of stress. We want to pick on her these days Sitting in there can we get that picture on our website of here with the head full of them of Duff sitting in there with the headphones on monitoring the steering Show with his a good morning a button huh that to get it tomorrow. Oh, yeah, let's get that on our website tomorrow That'll be a beautiful thing I guarantee he'll never last a month. This this man will be in a rubber moor rubber moon by the end of the month I guarantee WM Oh, you know who that is That's that's a Jerome guy now who actually never falls with huh? The road no, the wrong is that it yeah, we're gonna I'm going if you're in any of the wrong and when George comes back We're gonna put your afloan. I mean he's a security guard. He's an imboso We'll put his all the stuff on the ear. We'll put it on T-room walls everywhere W2A and hello Is there anything else? Please, is there anything else That was excellent that was Howard wasn't it? He sounds a little bit worn out but after the first 25 hours of a show, you know you still doing Running out of yeah, they probably are still doing it Nothing about not streaming while at his on and they're just so see this is again Greg Rejumping into the pool before checking to see if there's any water in it the same craft and all of a sudden bingo We got a real serious multitude of problems on our hands. Thanks to Greg just jump into it with both both heads Everything he does at least he's consistent, right? Just like when he heard mojo do do do do Not to mention of course when he heard your favorite I'll take your children a Salam this and he should yeah hiring people have been fired at 80 million jobs in last six years and just putting them on it Hey, this is gonna be great. This is gonna be good and all based on the fact that he's trying to put he's doing the Humphrey dumpy routine Trying to put the pieces of the egg back together again that he smashed what he blew the first team out there In addition to which doesn't it come as kind of shocking to you that he's got this cavalry red-a-tube Well, you know the NFL games are all gonna be on serious on the car radio is in silver So the dolphin franchises and that valuable anymore. We don't really care whether Wayne likes it or any Jones Or this is that like this during show so we we you know we've gone from this sports obsessive like all of a sudden We stopped in the middle road and did a uterome, right? Don't we don't doesn't it seem that way? I I don't know Do you know anything besides how is this gonna bring you lunch? Yeah, they just did thanks a lot By the way, there's my psychic powers working again We have a problem with Howard. Well, I'm not with Howard Stern yet, but with a way that show operates and certainly with Don't know how we just don't have a lot of luck with Howard except for how he's thanks. How he's Fulvin it's passed no Jesus after noon already And Mo thinks I'm the pissed off. I'm gonna have a problem So then I have to work like a couple hours a day And I think the way let me say this for you Mr. Hot shot Mr. Line Green pants. Let me say this to you When he first came the reason that they had to move my time denying to one was to accommodate the great Howard David it because he was only gonna work three hours so we sure was six to nine and after being on here for how many years? I'm 10 to two. I had to move to accommodate his lazy faddle. Coloss me back till asked So he only does three hours now. They're doing a Humphor being suspended show four to seven That sounds like three hours to make so why the house should I have to do four hours? Am I paying some kind of a penalty or something? Yeah, schmuck Bob and it's passed noon a QA and when you're moving a renovating that's the best time to call this number 1-800 mattress make that first night in Dream home heavily with a brand new top quality name brand mattress Mar friends at dialometrist and you still get to pick the date and time for delivery to fit your move in schedule And don't forget dialometrist is on time 99.7% of the time and nobody know where's got a better selection of queen and king size mattress sets ready for immediate delivery than dialometrist when you call 1-800 mattress right now You get a great mattress at an unbeatable discount price dialometrist continues to be ranked the best in the world of customers satisfaction These folks will winters of the 2004 better business bureau local torch of excellence award when you call 1-800 mattress So choose from the complete line of silly Sirda king coil Simmons never pita can even Stearns and foster you it everybody at qn's column and social you 1-800 mattress for your bed We can log on to their website at mattress.com guarantee yourself a great night sleep for months and years to come we're just one easy phone calls and unbeatable deal all the way around now 1-800 mattress 1-800 MATTR You're listening to me or Roger 560 You brush back You You say cut me in my spider hole now they turn me over to a raki control When it's the American song keep me safe Pretty soon there's gonna be one more grave in your heart Yeah, he is a rat As soon as they put me in the dark I'm off the road in the jail as he rock My people can hardly wait to take the bay just like it is with you saying who's there only one way to try and over my phone Call Johnny Cachren or Mark get a ghost to your act Yeah, say go to your act Give my send my room to say luck You say get to the jail house Baby, I'm not me. I can stop a believe Baby, I can even see the same thing I must have been crazy to get into this war. It's like trying to steal donuts from Michael more here Yeah, yeah My head will soon be on the block and I will die in the jail as a rock Ty is the jail as a rock Trying to deal some diner on the air coming to speak of L. This is catching Lucy's right on her ass Lucy's got 48 the most beloved American celebrity of all time Elvis 44 we got a house race going Bob Hope 29 Johnny Carson 11. Let's go to 11 John Wayne 5 curbber net 5 downhill from here Jackie Grease is just one on he's got full already Duron Granozki. That's the John Bob that's the negative guys name the road I think you're part of it's the road the road. I thought it was Duron because it rhymes with him. Oh, oh And moron that could be true Duron kind of a name is that no idea sounds like a goofball name could be his really Duron. Oh, that's what the George said. I think Rinozki well guess what? Duron you're we're gonna have your shoe size your social security number your phone numbers Your cell phone number everything is gonna be on here because you know some of the nut jobs We can live with him, but you're just annoying right? He's annoying Extremely annoying now all of a sudden calls in a IDs. I heard him call the big Oh, of course talks to all the losers like chronic Carl and all the other sports nerds. Oh, yeah This is the Ron aka Chamba I mean what are you trying to tell us the Ron? I have no right brother. How many QA him? Hello The Ron also rhymes with muddy cone. Yes, sir. Yeah Sounds like Reverend Jones to me. No, it's not Evan Jones. Okay I get a question on it for hours turns show trying to fuck off He bought that fix of it. Is there a way they would cut his show up at 10 so you can start? No, no no chance They won't do it. See even if I did it even if I did object to it It would make a difference we'd be in the middle of another one of Greg reads illegal problems because they they made the deal With infinity with the Cinecators of the show before they even discussed it with me. It was a done deal by the time they told me about it I see if you guys this basically have to wait it out until the show ends until he runs out of gas and decides that his egos headed for the days We're gonna go home, man Okay, I like I said because I know George is when he was on yesterday He was on select 132 a clock and he this year is longer also So it's a whole more than until one thirty one thirty then Okay, so basically maybe you got a light in the sky like that and you should have us up and say meal bonus I've been the other way to get it this keep I don't know who was on a one thirty stir was off at ten after eleven years today Yeah, then how it's been on tried and George went on Then that was it it was before you know if it's whole show with over and it goes by so quick. Yeah. Well, thank God. Thanks for the good news Oh, I could say that is I'm not I'm not bitching about that so mode on beginning a fat head Don't don't don't don't no better than it already is I'm just I'm just a little bit concerned about that aspect You know how anybody's gonna have any idea if they're not a sternless near an additional which see the pole result from George's point yesterday That was also skewed because the stern people who don't listen to us I mean you think the stern people are running the neo-roggies that come to hold on our pole? No, they're on the Howard message board. Well, whatever they're yeah, the traveling message board Whatever they're doing it's got nothing to do with us most of them So so it's very much skewed because those are mostly many orangish listeners which quite frankly we have a few As opposed to discern people so you know the fact that what did it say? Let's say great sounds good to have our back 17 percent But that's very destructive because the stern people who don't listen to me or the right to this radio station They were there. I'm assuming that is if a pigeon dropped one on her window sill and told him all by the way Howard's back on QM Monday Hey, it's just I'm caught is is there not even a newspaper at anything? Yeah, there's some newspaper ads. I saw a news last night You saw on what new on channel 4. I was watching they said You know, it's starting to my amy today and that's it. That was a little blurred. Let me tell you something about Tom Jericho Okay, we said the fact that Yeah, here's the guy who's on permanent vacation. He just finished his summer time out on a west He's he's talking about me being into Ronald being out of touch with South Florida I don't know anybody who's out of touch more than he is he's on a west coast the last month getting wind and dying with a fall TV previous buddy TV people now now that we got the biggest radio story in a long long time Where is the little time mate? He haven't always on vacation because the only thing you'll find on a website They're nothing in a newspaper nearly thing on a website is the the puff piece that he does the questions and answers in the TV book This past Sunday, which obviously they got a whole bunch of those in the can ahead of time, so he's not even around So like I said before I've been very jackass and give him a sarnet with a few words in his sports nerd columns There's nothing going on if there's no big hype about this which is really sad nice going Greg you idiot You didn't come poop you was simple didn't keep scratching at hole in your head. Okay, maybe you'll find something WQM hello WQM hello Yes, sir I Are you doing how are you doing? Doing great how are you doing today? outstanding You forgot one on one person on your pole I'm sure there are a lot more than one that's the idea who is it? I was thinking curly I'm assuming he was American Hurley no Larry currently Yeah, okay, you sound a little girly curly Judy Garland now we're talking Judy fabulous Garland says this facts right here. That's a good choice right nobody did like Judy girl And even though she was very neurotic Yeah somewhere Everybody loves Judy girl. Let's put her on it before she starts popping a few more pills I Understand they had to fill up the coffin with some extra goods That's what I'm hearing WQM hello Yes, sir 100 I Bring them back Bring them back because he's gonna make a lot of money for them Oh, I got the heat is not seem to change the whole show But anyway, you know I thought the guy has been Olympic would even judge such Yeah, he didn't get a switch because he was like you know, I'm saying Thank you 567 oh here's one here couple James Dean and I guess that he'll get some votes all the way for the like me I can't figure out why and Marilyn Monroe Feel love I don't I don't know if she was all I must be loved just everybody was horny for her, but won't put her on here right? Is that the same thing No, it is not it's the same thing Why did you want to have do you think these people wanted sex with Lucy or ball? You think you're wanted to happen a sac with Jackie Gleason maybe the Duke I think the Duke a lot of these macho guys They wanted to get it out with the Duke WQM hello Ha ha ha ha they're all there they're all there they just been waiting WQM hello Hey Neil yes sir I'm talking about this a bombination they have on from six o'clock until whenever and what is that through the Howard's Burm show Well actually you saw listen to them on the other station and then And then they dropped him I was listening to you guys and then I did what you said I boy caught a clear channel I didn't listen to six ten or any other station anymore. I was a clear channel with listen to But at least clear channel had the Donat to Castle M and instead and take a stand you guys have brought back something that don't know what the hell are they just not the stars show And they say Every two men is a they cut it out. They play play the racket. It's it's an embarrassment I'm really I I'm just about 96 one and one this thing at the same time But you also will be police station Do you know That's what I can't figure out because they send dump and Robert Gripper over to four Myers or an Aprils for a couple days To weeks ago for a little bit of orientation training to teach them how to like Sit in the monitor the show and what to dump and what to leave in it and and for whatever reason to be easy Is over in a West Coast they leave almost everything in and on our station We dump like every other words of what to play I can't listen to it and I tell you I'm set up with you Yeah, I'm that if they don't fix this I'm that cut What would you say fix it how they're gonna fix it? We're gonna happen You know, I'm you know, I'm gonna take a stand. I'm gonna put your tires station I'm sorry you want to suffer because of the idiot oh geez Okay, paly all right, bye. Good luck to you. Thanks. You upset you're gonna suffer I better take a break You There is the terrible high And I'm afraid I'm going to die I'm worried Not happy Big thing I'll pay the hazard chance And that thing got to feed my fans I'm worried And that happened I'm worried not happening I'm worried Not an epic I'm worried not happy I like the doors and close the drapes I thought I'll run with rules of the tape I'm worried And I have been I'm dying on the head If they change it from orange to red I'll go and hide under my bed I'm worried Oh my my my my I'm not happy Look at me I'm not happy I'm worried I'm worried I'm not happy I'm worried not happy 23 23 27 1 mad dog at 2 and then we got the mow Howard Oh, don't don't don't don't David it for the vacationing and suspended high gold burger four what I've got a juvenile place man like a sandbox Here's the fact this is for our pool today. Who do you think is the most beloved American celebrity of all time? Carol O'Connor Says I think I spelled it wrong. He's got Carol O'Connor But I'm sure that I should I judge will get a doll's skull right won't you? That's right or close to it We got a battle going on it look we just moved into first place 27 years after his death What do you think it might be Oh It's a fly foot at tile Lucy and Elvis 55 a piece Bob hope 44 he's moving on up Jackie Gleason 13 Johnny Carson 12 let's get 11 John Wayne 10 and he griff attend Fred Rogers five Carol Burnett Scott five Frankie I'm in full Merlin Monroe one Danny K one and none for James Dean or Judy Garland How do you like that and that is shame? upset I bet they'll be disturbed by it Tom Harkin and Iowa he's pretty disturbed by Dick Cheney He's really pissed off about Dick was not vice president Dick Cheney's questioning of John Kerry's war record And his ability to protect America is cowardly said it in Tom Harkin of Iowa said yesterday It just outrageous me that someone who gave got five deferments during Vietnam and said he had other priorities at that time Would say that said the Iowa Democrat a former Navy fighter pilot Parking city it's being gifted the vice president saying and I will ask we can carry likes of basic understanding of the war on terrorism He accused Bush and his vice president of resorting to dirty attacks on John Kerry's war record They're running scared because John Kerry has a war record and they don't sit hard and what genius doing and what he is saying is cowardly As actions are cowardly like I said they if you are Yeah, you have the annual president and they defer the often deferred bad ticker a cheney They were talking about Kerry's war record WQAM hello How are you okay I'm going to question for you. I was got you so nice TV now. It's just one of you still doing the best of at the end of the year Yes, sir you are doing one more you're all the way up to us a 2003 just finished up Right It's your anyway to get copies of like previous ones that were released is so possible now Yeah, once the gun that says once your guns and eat oh, man Okay, well, he said check I got up to 992 thousand when you're in that hiatus You know call me yellow. He might have a fuel in a run holding it also I thought it's a run and he's getting not gonna call anymore That's my friend and what he means not gonna call him where he was just down here two minutes ago I just spoke to him afterwards. I call them on his cell and he said he's gonna he's gonna slow it down I thought you're gonna get in trouble. I mean it's getting older ready So I mean I'm gonna ask you the the where does he work where is he the security gun he worked down in Miami Just security got you worked so One of your guys to work because he's like mad dog or somebody he knows him and he works in his development or something He works in a mad dog's a well mad dog was in Miami lakes Exactly So that's where the world is yeah She's there he works down there another area. They're gonna stick to mad dog on his ass And he'll be sorry. Okay. Thanks a lot, family Thanks a lot. I know the girl I scob our at the station maybe he can get you some of them this Okay, thank you. Okay, or some drugs anyway. LDS cabars. No, the good drugs 567. Oh 567. What the beast is awful quiet today. I thought you were gonna rip your buddy all the Do our three arms me happy five minutes. Huh happy happy to go right in now. Let me ask you this how come now Zach got blown out I didn't really get blown out What do you mean by that? Well, he just was out of a dub Can you can you explain the difference? Well, he was Joe's producer and Joe was not anymore Right Well, let me ask you this yeah how about aren't there other producers around who wasn't Robert Greeper the Morning show was the most morning producer now he's gonna run the Howard's Churchill right so it's so the show is changed But he didn't get blown out that's cuz he's got naked pictures of Josh the Darrell right the creeper's a whole different story. Oh, I know that If I told you once I told you three I times we all know that and What about you? I mean your clearest is boyfriend the penis boyfriend. I obviously an inn. I do all my hurricane stuff Little such as one I cover all the for everyday practice and I do the side of our report You cover everyday practice. That's a job. Well, yeah You're starting to get like Mike Rosen's tall and J. Roe Keats now my job That's what they pay me to do that's your job is covering the hurricanes. Yes With a blanket something like that by the way how many are on death row? We don't want to get done a shallately pissed off because it'd be bad enough if we lose the dolphin broadcast because of Howard's sperm but then if we get You know a down a shallately pissed off and lose the hurricanes to then you really be out of like if any have to go over to 790 and be there with two gods again Have you really think that the clearest is given two gods guess now that the two gods is the program director of our only competitive I believe I would hope not. Yeah, he is on your idea is doing it Clara's Darrell he likes to he likes to deal with his boyfriends man. So what did I tell you a long time ago? It's a little boy fraternity we got in there. It is what I love the handshake So any QAM hello Arnold Palmer Arnold Palmer okay, thank you You know that sounded like The one who's in God It sounded like an ever less sound. I like to me could be or maybe it was our new Palmer hey Your obluno's Ashmuck Arnold you win all the golfers What is it about golf in a tracks real moron? WQM hello not there. I must have been moWQM hello Hi Once a day run once a day is more than once enough, but put a load on a schmuck WQM hello Hey for the poor I like to add up Thanks a notcha, yes, and I also like to say I just want to Howard people. There we go. Well, it's a prize. Okay, uh, give some after on here And you know who we left off? Since we're hearing from all of these who you was about nothing to say I'm dead now Right as one of America's most beloved celebrities. Yes, we got lots of what you're talking about you sit right there and take County right now as we speak Yeah, but this is in America what we know that well close to America close enough We got to have something on there for all of Venus See that cruise may get on there drive still listen to him. She don't he he's pedaduced Twenty-two one by the way won't be long before the football season starts. I think the Patriots are gonna be 13 and three this season And often seven and nine at best Oh, right Well, I'm reading about the the battle for quarterback starting quarterback position is gonna be like Hammer and tongs It's unbelievable. In fact, I hammer might My picture got himself. He looking for little work now. That was fun. I mean J. Feele and touchy Feele. You got to be Schmidt and me man that team is gonna really suck Am I right, Beast What I love it. Oh, you love it You all are bitching and morning they head when they're like nine and seven or ten and six He will imagine a seven and nine or a six and ten season holy moly Wow, they're gonna be crocodile tears you may drown in the sea of tears Well, we can also I will say this if you live in a trailer parkingers a hurricane Morning probably a pretty good idea to evacuate You think yeah When you shop for quality footwear great selection professional service there's only one place to go I've been telling you about brandies and pop it a beach for a long time now a brandy shoes You'll find the biggest selects and men's of women choose anywhere in South Florida the best service and most important to a lot of you folks the best prices in town period They are absolutely Unbeatable at brand use will find top quality names they got them all rock poured floor shine S.A.S. Spirit Timberl naturalizer and all the other big names in the shoe business It was brandy humongous election you can bet Greg Reed's life on it that whatever style you like is in stock right now on a shelf in your size Ready to slap on your big fast feet Brandy's open daily from nine to nine Monday through Saturday and Sunday's 10-0-5 You'll find them at 12-90 North federal highway in Paparobaets and so it was worth a trip no matter where you are because they're like I said unbeatable And all this wicked brandies. It's a great time to buy rock ports with here some of the best you in the world So that it means and women styles are only 2990 to 6990 So come and save a ton on great rock port shoes this week or visit their website brandy shoes dot com I just want to know it's a D What is your romantic McDonald's What's the name of Donald's vanilla ice cream McDonald's certain radio shows 1246 it 1246 Can you believe it's almost alarm clock? How about that you've got to be Schmidt and me mister Anybody that don't like this Howard Stern thing I can see if you was and that's a raspberry you can't like it come on taking a show away Hey, you can have it baby. I've done enough how many years in his town? That's plenty just send me those checks baby keep that money coming in I mean, this is oh, here's a fact from Joe and South Miami. See this is another thing This is happening at the worst possible time of the year because it's the summertime and where our enormous number of people in South Florida All over the country their invocation, right? I don't know the color back now school sensation, but that's my point They go away they come back and join South Miami says what happened? He says hi up alley what happened? I've been in China for three weeks get back here and all hell is broken loose The Humper is gone replaced by Moe well the Humper isn't gone he's In limbo he's doing the limbo rock He's on vacation. He's suspended. He's who knows one Because he's contractants in November most got here and a half left so with a steering thing anybody who really believes that this is all about a real suspension You're full of crap. Oh, I should have said that that's just my opinion Hey did the Humper it says but Moe makes me sick beyond believe he is horrible Then the worst news how are the boring in the morning? He's taking time out of your show of all things this sucks on pissed off just like your station F up a good thing PSI nowhere Greg leave just give me the words is Joe and South Just give him the word, okay Now Here's a pole of suggestion good one to Captain Kangaroo Bob Keaton let's just put Captain Kangaroo. Do you know what I'm saying? No, but I don't want to make it too difficult It says on the how we stir in problem. I know there was a problem. Did you? Yeah, saddened say it was a problem. I'm just and just thinking out loud of our loyal listeners out there Which we care about them some they supported me for a long time, but nevertheless Says why don't you air from 1130 to 330? It's a That we know what it's doing right like I'm gonna stick around on 2330. No. I'm done it too, okay Whether I started 10 10 30 10 45 11 15 15 15 7 30 15 9 14 to a clock that's the end Says you the van or dumpster and from a loyal deal, Mr. Well, I'm sure we got some of our people weren't too Happy about the old deal, but I'm happy so you should be happy Do me that's awesome Yeah, like that What is this thing you just facts me now the Republican chairman of the Senate arm services committee said yesterday The John Kerry deserved this combat metals for hero wisdom and Vietnam Which some veterans have disputed. Thank you very much. It's on our website Sorry, what I probably wouldn't have mentioned that so thank you I would not we'll mention this one though Bush accused of exploiting hurricane in Florida as he offers a to the disaster area He wouldn't do something like that way President George Bush flew into South West Florida Sunday and a mission that was as much about politics as Compagin for the array devastated by the hurricane over the weekend accompanied by his fat ass brother, Jim Bush Governor with the state and by Mike Brown the director of FEMA The president toured by helicopter and on land Charlotte and Lee counties with suffered the most damage by far from hurricane Charlie He made the brief morning visit as a huge swath of central Florida struck by the storm was struggling to emerge from the day Brean wreckage the official death toll. It says here made it 13 at its 19. I wasn't 19 I saw 17 so 19 and As many as two million residents along the storms pass them the Gulf Coast would land a command without power the cost of reconstructions expected It received 10 billion dollars For Mr. Bush to handle the aftermath of Charlie the worst hurricane hit Florida and doesn't years since And even 92 which we know all too well could be crucial results of winning the state in the presidential election November latest poll show is rival John Kerry with a slim age in the state I think it was 47 41 six points or 48 41 Mr. Bush will be heating harsh lessons learned by his father who was heavily criticized in the wake of hurricane Andrew in August 92 three months before losing that years election to build threatened George Bush senior came out of criticism when he flew to the perimeter of the storm's worst damage South of Miami and hastily left again After Andrew more over there were loud complaints from local officials at the federal agencies led by FEMA We acted much too slowly and getting assistance to the area I'm being elected bill Clinton made the reform of FEMA which ever sees all emergencies in the county a top priority Where we sure must vomit all week man Now we got Josh register to vote there. He's been be voting several times what about the beast are you registered voted? Course I am. Oh, thank God. That hasn't come in yet, but I'm a big your pardon. It hasn't come in yet, by the way What hasn't come in my card my registration you read your vote of registration terrible. I would call him With your laughing above call who a guy stop buying gave me a pamphlet to fill out and I mail it in Well call him up. Okay, you say hey, what do you mean have guy stuff by you don't still have the pamphlet? Doesn't have a phone number on it? No, I mail in the pamphlet. Well call the what you live in data Broward Broward you live in Broward Call of Broward elections office and tell them ask him a few names on the thing and if so How come you don't have your card yet and if not get it to get with it? Because who knows? Maybe that guy was just some kind of a used car salesman or something who knows who he was? He was a little fruity was he really two-ty-cruity Yeah Simply mail out of those people around Carrie leads bush to spite later. Here's the latest pool. All right is over here. Oh right those votes. We need Joshua courtesist vote We need the beast vote mom vote and absentee In fact, I'm gonna do is make copies of it and I'm gonna try mailing it in about a hundred hundred times Maybe a thousand times maybe about 30 thousand just just to be on the safe side Democratic challenge your John Kerry has pulled ahead of president George W. Bush even a Ralph later That loser that ego-tist and other presidential candidates have accounted for according to the brand new pool Carrie leads bush nationwide 47 of the 43% even with later a libertarian constitution green party candidates included in the latest. I'll be poll Minus those contenders Carrie is running may have a 50 to 40 sweet percent lead over bush The Kerry Edwards ticket is gained two points since the Democratic party or convention last month Bush is overall approval rating roast reports 4 to 47 percent although 52% of likely voters said they disapproved of the job the president is doing Zot me also found that voters holding passports preferred Kerry like yours truly 58 to 35 percent voters without passports favored bush 48 to 39 see the difference there Those people who don't have a passports like you guys you have a passport. I don't know and no Josh doesn't know see People that don't have passports. It means they don't get around they don't go anywhere. They don't know anything about the world They're like myopic They have tunnel vision But the people like it around and see what's going on in the rest of the world how America's hated and real vile right now from all around the globe Even down under man Look at your lymphics on serious they used to have like big emblems. You know U.S. say now like if you need a mom palamar telescope to see the USA on there Fertigostermer saying hey work Canadian eight Big investors narrowly predict Kerry over can you believe it's almost one o'clock this is the greatest thing. I don't care You know our audience will figure it out. You know You know one thing this is sound self-ish. They did a good. I don't care. You must hate it though What oh yeah, I do hate it more you any Mancie one thing about me. I'm like moly see he's another one of those guys with a huge Eagle in case you haven't noticed I've noticed oh brother What is it about guys named Howard that have these mammoth and say she will egos And so the idea that if he was on four hours and somebody else in friends on his time he'd be very upset I'm the hilarious. I'm so happy Here it's a little the only thing that bothers me about that last part of it is that Josh there This morning overracks a little bit. Oh, they're getting ready. Robbins gonna do the news when Robin starts doing the news That's the last segment of the show. Which means it goes on for about an hour Okay, anything else Anything else Robin Everybody who It's like an endurance contest Anyway, can I get back to this moment early? Good the big money man who's who's dear billions of dollars in investments around the world Reckon that U.S. Senator John Kerry might just be a WD November, but it's non-americans who give them the best chance As in most current election polls the race comes out closed 41 37 percent in nearly 300 respondents who together managed around 140 billion dollars investments say that Kerry would be bush 41 the 37 the rest are like clues, but there was a difference in due depending on where the fun manager was based This is very much an international perspective on the election said David Bower's no relation to Johnny Bower Marrow's chief global investment strategist Bush won among the 36 North American based respondents 44 to 33 percent among these 60s a British based manager 37 34 percent and among the 43 Japan based respondents 49 37 Kerry hour was favored by 90 subcontinent of europeans 46 33 28 Asian Pacific based respondents 43 29 and by 16 South African managers 50 to 31 The respondents were also asked about the impact of a Kerry went on financial markets while 44 percent said The Kerry wouldn't have no impact on the market 37 percent Session outcome would be negative and 13 percent believe it would be positive see the big money people They're always Republicans believe you me Including my financial advisor all of these people anybody that's got big bucks except a few of us For whatever reason in the Hollywood people is the only other people that got big money and the Democrats are little Because they have some values and then not just selfish and greedy and cut my taxes to mo Some mo do do do do do do do do do do I speak in a mo on that promo you heard it again before was it a region or a Which one might have been a region where about about Howard Stern and Neil and Mad Dog and then a hammer Did you anything about mo in there? No, it was a problem. By the way Well, whatever now it was and here nothing about old mo he said he's just wallpaper now Yeah, no, I love them anymore no one thinks about him. He said no one loves him any mo Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do what a joke that it is that he I made me or he ought to sue us for alienation of affection 1256 in five 60 WKM Emerald co-san photos best Asian buffet is proud. I'm doing next to our spot I'm doing the wrong spot Come on Huh Am I not doing the next hour spying what am I doing your mattress? Huh? Yeah, I don't know Well, I'm just gonna you were warning for your sheep stuff the next hour, okay? That was it was just a little five and a ten-minute warning Hey, if you wake up every morning in a crowded bed between the kids in the dog and the cats is there no room left for it? This is not the right copy You know This ain't even the right freaking copy for dust. I'll do it anyway at least it's a variety if you're ready to Clad it in the door and let for a research and say that they shoppers are choosing bigger mattresses because of overcrowding And nobody's better but a selective cleaning king size mattress that's ready for immediate delivery than dial on mattress Call 1 800 mattress right now you'll get a great mattress at this count price only dial on mattress delivers 8 in the morning till 10 in a PM every single day of your life dial on mattress is right number one a customer Satisfaction they were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local tortuvexal and so word when you call 1 800 mattress you'll get the best prices on a best brands delivery on your schedule and the best customer service Go in any wears and as far as brands are concerned they got the best they got silly Surred of the complete line king coil Simmons temper pedic even Stearns of an and as foster two all the smart folks are calling One hundred mattress for their bridge you ought to be doing the same instead of slipping all around town wasting gas getting else Where to up just sit there make that one easy call to be knocking on your door and no time at all You're into you a great night sleep for years to come call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TT RAS or online. It's mattress dot com For the center meal Roger Oh boy, it's the one to two hour I'm a claim documentary filmmaker George W Bush comes up film about the real Michael Moore and the real reason behind his invasion of convenience Your second I'll knock a more is a weapon of mass destruction when it comes to dang dogs and funny bones Marin Hight seven eleven exposing the man who is becoming the most heated figure in the Arab world From Washington to the Middle East and every place in between that sells swimsions and condy bars You'll find us Batman with a bad beard and baseball cap held bent on controlling it all Terran Heights seven eleven Excuse me congressman yeah Congressman yeah We're courting that children of politicians to work in convenience stores one night report comes in with a hangar for 20 Sir, please come back in a second second Terran Heights seven eleven now show 24 hours a day seven days a week One oh two at five sixty W to Q and minus one to two hour. How do you like that it just came upon us like? I don't know where I just like that like a bolt out of the blue This great like it a lot What's not to like moe you idiot you simple he just don't get it man. He like I told you before the show to the he's like a spectator The human race he's on the outside looking in Stay out there, Moe. Okay. Just stay out there. He's out there. All right, not bad Swift mode veterans leader lied about political activity John O'Neill leader of these Swift mode veterans for truth attacks against democratic Presidential candidate John of Kerry's Vietnam service record lied on national TV about this political activities in the fillingation How do you like that another right wing liar? O'Neill first recruited to go after carry by the Nixon administration in 1971 Sir, on CNN crossfire August 12th Then I've had no serious involvement in politics of any kind over 32 years only of also denied being Republican Get fair election commission record show that O'Neill's contributed over 14 grand of political candidates all Republicans in 1990 voter registration rules in Harris County Texas show O'Neill isn't in fact a registered Republican who has voted in every Republican primary since 72 O'Neill a Houston attorney clerk for Supreme Court justice William Rennquist a right wing isn't a pointy according to Texas lawyer magazine O'Neill lobbyed for an appointment of the federal bench by former president George Herbert Walker Bush and cited his involvement in local Republican politics He made it to the White House in shortlist did not get the appointment Record well, it's got a whole list here. It's on our website swift vote veterans later lied about political activity And like I said right wing liar, which goes with the territory serve for the redundancy So what do you think of the steering? So I know George did that yesterday, but what do you think of the new deal here? What deals that now? I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the audience. Oh To our vast audience out there is I'm sure that the steering people are just pouring out of the arraggies dot com now We have had a big spike this week yesterday in today in a response. You think that's because of Howard? Be it on there. Uh-huh. You think must be or you think it's because people are coming back from vacation because of kids are back in school Time will tell I guess Who do you think is the most beloved American celebrity of all time? That's our poll question They need a Rogers dot com any I LRO GERS Theorogers dot com. It's a very popular website. It's a great site. That's what Eric says And Josh right Elvis 68 Bob hope 66 Lucille ball 63 we got a three-way house race baby John Wayne 18. It's way out of a Duke Jackie Gluten 17 Johnny Carson 17 Red Skullton 14 Andy Griffith 9 Fred Rogers Mr Rogers and his neighborhood six Frankie Lyman five he's still dead by the way Mr Rogers and love these people Frankie Lyman five covered at five and see that cruises got for already a little faith That's all dear Merlin Monroe force not for three captain Kanga Wu's got two James Dean two Arnold Palmer one Danny K one Carol O'Connor one and Judy Garland none See we put Arnold Palmer on here. Oh, that's right. He's not a I was thinking they had to do his force, but it's gone so it's not sports Because if we would do that then you'd have to put it like babe Ruth right right Mickey Mendel people like that and of course WQA M hello QA M Howard Stern response line hello Not there QM hello How do you QM hello Yes, sir Tommy hey Tommy how you doing hey Come All in Neil that's me Yeah, I think that that's good that he's got big names for this and you should know because you can't Yeah, right I'm tell this because I can't have big names celebrities on the show we could put any we don't do guests in case you have a notice Muck But there's some of them must be a wonderful little event as boyfriend you think maybe I think so Sounded very suspicious to me get where just jealous that we can have dead as Miller and other schmucks like that on the year We don't do guests In fact, I noticed a couple of times I have punched it up since the Humphors been on the K. I mean suspended fired whatever he is Guests lots and lots of guests and a room with the army here. It is because Mo is terrified of all those great calls and you have to know is that what you told me? Huh, I didn't tell you that or I guess George told me that I think George told to that He said he doesn't deal with it very well. He gets all far blended and as a result We're gonna have a lot of guests. We're gonna have Dennis Miller. We're gonna have Johnny Miller and we're gonna have Glenn Miller, how about Jay Miller? Jay Miller would be good A Florida law that lets students from failing public schools attend private religious schools at taxpayer expenses on Constitutional it is on Constitutional state appeals court ruled yesterday The two to one decision by the first district of appeal upholds an August 2000 to ruling by a trial judge who said that the law violates the separation of church and state and a provision of the state Constitution that bans use of tax dollars on religious schools the states been allowing a lot of the issue vouchers during its appeal and that will likely remain true until they float us Supreme Court decides the case Ultimately and you can bet your bottom dollar. They're gonna say I'm constitutional baby forget about it As the forbition of going continue trying to take the money out of your wallet and stick in theirs W to Q a and hello You sure I got a couple things for you first one Roger Miller you could be king of the road right there you go Also you think the reason that Greg Reed does want to promote Howard is because of an asking questions like Where the hell for Humphor And how come you know I've not only would on your list everybody love not only would be only with the dozen 12 She's she's all washed up 567.0560 556 the on the 18 and he was at insensitive Yeah, on the 18 team for rise on wireless line I'm not I'm not talking about a free free Covered all over the exit jitter were around had written something about this but again. He's out of touch you out of touch Little Tommy you bald headed geek as usual out of touch when the big stuff goes down You can bet your bottom dollar Tommy jitter won't be around you know what's funny is it went for L came They're the hell did a huge like a layout right the whole section that he can't at home And what about was it city length or new time? Yeah, that them too. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and we're was jica We're what's what's jica? Yeah? This is supposed to be the team of radio guy. I think he had upon his radio time to get himself 567.0560 pound five 60 on the 18 and 10 for rising wireless line WQA and hello. I bet they Saturday WQA and hello Neo yes, sir. I love the show Be too hours. Well, the house. No show. I can't stand it first of all. Yeah, I know I know you like the fact that you don't have a work as much now Oh, oh, you're all my dear. You can't even imagine I wish you're on ten and two or maybe day now, but it's all right because we're gonna use to it Well, that's that's why if I do got it right you just don't know say it's gonna be 150 10 to two till two I Guess we're trying stuff you in They're just gonna stuff me in right 567 on then that's how good 10 to two 150 till two o'clock and of course life's have a commercial break in there too, right? Oh, they oh speaking a commercial brace. What is that all about I mean? I knew I knew they did long breaks And I'd show but what is that 13 minutes man? 13 minutes they they went away at 10 forty a 10 thirty eight this morning and the break into the 10 51 13 minutes So we have to tip our baseball caps to those people how do you manage to maintain a listening audience unless of course It's just a state of mind, you know How do you maintain an audience when you go away for 13 14 15 minutes at a time visa crap out of me WQAM hello Echo being squeezed in by two hours. WQAM hello Yes, sir. You know I'm not a Howard Stern fan and but but but I give here and say Dennis Miller or sucks or something you had a sex well that's a bullet me You know what they did was they played it Oh, well if like you do you know a bit a bit and He goes the guy couldn't do money and I said boy couldn't do this he couldn't do that So one of those listeners calling up Saying that the guy loved Howard Stern and and William. I couldn't find you. I've been out of town for a month Well, what would I say that what guy loved Howard Stern Dennis Miller? No He I swear or listeners that are calling you saying that Dennis Miller on the show No, but wasn't Howard Stern it was Howard David it. Hey, you got your Howard's mixed up man. Oh, nobody They're also Dennis Miller the sworn in I'm stern Yeah, not a bit it was like a one half of one minute thing We're no Okay, listen, have another one for us. Okay, I'll have a great thing Woo, five minutes after one at five sixty rock solid. Good morning QAM Time now for another some liberty presidential endorsements Like hi, I'm Britney Spears and I'm totally and Dorothy president by sure the president of the United States Because he's someone who cares about things and I think he's really good at accomplishing stuff And I come to the issues Thank you I folks Dennis Miller here and I'm standing here with President George W. Bush the man I'm endorsing for reelection everybody. Oh George here's doing a great job I mean, you know when it comes to get this done he makes Churchill look like level 10 Bruin Isn't that right sir? Oh yeah, yeah, he's not even a favorite basketball player Right, the president Bush really stands up to the terrace. I'd better than the Democrats Let me come up those guys out the back phone of a number to tell them muscle relax Is that yeah, I think I used to lick nematodes back in my frat days That's taking a lick ain't George W. Bush is gonna give the Democrats a bigger licking than hoots get Turner I know what hoots is but who's Turner George W. Bush is gonna turn this economy around faster than little Reagan's Crane them in the excess. I didn't know Ronald Reagan was in that movie I mean, come on. I don't need to go off in a red here But George W is to pro-active for policy would highs the bird was to cause a physics I was always good if he's in So please post come November 2004 both for George W. Bush just me on this when you'll be happier the roof and Stuttered with a fistful of ponderosa coke box I get that one One eight-piece surprising new friends of George W. Bush five sixty W Q a I'm don't step on me again Please here's a fact from Dean who says with the shift of the one theft of a freight train in the 30s I was eventually chopped up the youth on this question is the most beloved celebrity market to be George Burns Have we leave him off of there Now he's on it says could Bob Hope Elvis or John Wayne play God on film? Good point George Burns. He liked those big fat ones and the so-called you two Here from a darker perspective it says he's a list of pretty good ones my Hammard Ali You don't want to put well we put Darrell Palmer on her so Michael Jordan will put him on Returals Bill Cosby it's got Clinton on here, but no politician, please and Bob Marley and Jerry Garcia Did you put those all on there? What no? Well Hammard Ali Well, I don't want to have to read the whole of the beast has got the facts there. I'll give it to him But yeah a lot of them they're in hand-a-tomies. I don't want to keep reading them over me And now here's a fact from a disgruntled listener out there, which is always good a chronic Factor two by the way, I recognize the handwriting I've been a long time listener and have to tell you that a pole does not a show make you are much more talented than that I'm very disappointed. It's bad enough You're hardly ever on and then you spit it on pond with stupid poles See ya. It says it to bottom. Well, it must be from jazz in the k see ya If you don't like the show, I have one thing to say to you, okay? I've been doing poles a long time My mind by and there's a lot more that we did on the show all day and faculty do the pool We held people calling with suggestions and then we read the result once every 15 20 minutes And that's about it. There's a lot more of the show than the pool But obviously you're just another disgruntled self-living who wants to share your bridges with me in the rest of the world. So thank you so much Go out and bark at the moon and see if it goes away. You see how it works Let me know how it worked out for you five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line W Q and hello Yes, sir I would turn W and B C How old are you? What's going on? Are you really good looking? Oh hello Somebody with a steering drop it on by the way I have to point out that that's somebody playing an old tape from W and B C 100 years ago before a stern guy can there for some I'm as a bunch of booze after he'd dried out And the reason I have to clarify that is because we're not allowed to play a stern voice on the air the rest of the day We saw to show you know that no, I didn't know that we're not allowed to play it But that was if callers so that's okay very entertaining. Hey, Rob and anything else Here's line nine W Q a m Okay, how's the weather in Toronto? weather is beautiful sunny in about 73 it's so very nice It's overcast and cloudy here which is fitting for the mood here. Really? Absolutely. Why is that what do they pissed off about? What I've picked this off about that. I still got people in the street blocking the street because of O Yeah So I have a good adding you know, okay good luck you pal. See you at the border 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 team Verizon line. W Q m hello Yes, sir. I got proof for your proud. Yeah, okay. You got beautiful and I know Jason W Q m hello Hi, Neil. Yes, man. You know you mentioned that words that ends with bag this morning Yeah, that was not dumped on how or so you want to know why you want to know why why I say why because he said In fact, I would happen to be listening at that point headed on the back because I was waiting to see if they were We're gonna go home and he you know, and he said some other word That I know that duck dumped it but But because we got that seven second delay. It's gotta be the dump has to be cover and he said the other word immediately A following so I in my mind. I thought to myself well that one got on the ear Yes, it did and yesterday I was listening and I thought you know It must be something wrong with the feed because Once in a while I'm listening to air America and the same thing happens it goes out and But then this morning I was listening and it just don't happen that all those big long dumps and then coming back I think it's happened to be when Jim Dennis game is when we're talking about our movie and you know things that were Probably questionable material for especially, you know, the opium must be just a Finalist little girl. No, no, you know you understand he's he's under strict orders It's got nothing to do with him. He's not making a station policy That's the bee's les in Greg Reed But how can they can get away with it in Naples and On that station? I know that I guess because their license in Naples isn't in jeopardy like our license might be one of these days if they don't get smart But how can why is that different than yours the same company? It's the same company Okay, you don't have the same mark. I know the first the unmentioned of a one. There you go. Yeah What about how would know about him too? Because I know that he's been trying to get on Howard's showed his date him for years You know, he has an agenda or anything. I know nothing like that Okay, it's a shame that one person can screw up people's lives like that. It doesn't get I don't have to tell me. I'm an expert on that. I know that. I know have a great taste We don't bye bye to the whole idea of community standards I mean, it's just a lie the FCC like all your other government agencies they lie through their teeth Well community standards and there's you know how can one person in any community of more than 20 people the side community standards It was such thing right right but not a credit the FCC because you have a government that's and not just Republicans But Democrats alike in fact the Jonathan Aitalstein who's the the most rabbit of them all he's a Democrat and a Jew But nevertheless he doesn't believe in free speech The whole bunch of more five of them are just a bunch of fascists who think that they're gonna show everybody how good he two shoes They can be and other can drag America kicking and screaming back into the stone age and they're doing a hell of a job of it too stuff that's is as Inocuous as anything that we used to do just routine it just like the thing with the fart sounds I mean look what kind of a childish mentality you have to be just a oh Fartsons are offensive we can't have that stuff on here They based on what Face on the fact that a group of poodleish morons said about a table somewhere decided that they were gonna clean up the airwaves to protect America from from farce from gas I guess I don't know I mean our little kids offended if they hear a fart sound The only time I'll offend it by as if it's for real. I have to be there downwind Line nine W2A. Hello I'm like a guy you don't because it's pretty the last 15 people actually the same question here The hell you doing and I'm doing this is this that was before great yeah 50 was you know something I'm gonna turn 40 in about another 11 hours right now right and I've listened to since 1978 I can go back over to famous Thank you very much I can go back over to famous name game and the holy Joe's and the man on the hair and the Man trumpeter to hear this guy come on before hand. I mean please at least put some patience There isn't why there are no borders out there. There's no advertising because it's not the how it's third show If the hour starts yo a fifth it's a cab driver comes in and but sir He's like a worth free over there. I mean you're doing the opposite you're doing Rustic it paid one but in more money in your eyes this guy's making 15 a year When is he gonna produce I mean if he lived off what he did before because some are shows that it's the same as today This isn't different about his show there's nothing he's doing today that he didn't do in 1983 I don't know what the phenomenon is about this guy and he's the king of all media and why everybody just loves him But they did him or pest in a clock the guy doesn't have flowers and material That's a damn fact and 10 minutes of commercials with QEM should do it's put us commercials all while these one years So release when it's so thanks we could say release will listen to the spots with us I can't see anybody towering it's nonsense And actually it's a damn fact. I leave it the week to 10 30 10 45 1 or no They're gonna put you on the back slide for this Has been that made his day 20 years ago and a 20 years of still beyond here make a twice as much money I do an absolutely nothing. Thanks for your time. You'll never great day Nice to see that soft photo hasn't changed man. We're angry Yeah What can I say you know a lot of people like vanilla ice cream and McDonald's. That's all I can tell you pal 27 after one at five 60 W Q a lot of people love the MOTO's tooth and business because it's great It's our photo's best Asian buffet and they're proud of an ounce. You arrive alive. Love seeing fast See well, I should have done this fact. You were happy of this because I'm expecting you don't know where to fill in the hole so to speak come in on the weekends enjoy grilled See you scampy See you cocktail and peel it Okay, M. Of course there's no ordinary Asian buffet the service is impeccable. You'll never leave it on empty stomach You'll be full as the beast instead off your delight of leaving expensive different soup And then dozens of delicious mouthwatering on trays like New York strip made order What this is the Asian grill? They're new. Who non fish if you still have a little room in that puppet sampler handcar primary They're new Thai special these two. M. Of course the favorite most healthy living cooking all their fine cuisine only with the best cholesterol free Orals no MSD no cornstarch no crap. Oh, there were faith features a full salad bar full Chinese food lineup And their brand new sushi bar and if you have room after all these things a full dessert station to featuring Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit What a feast it is at the animal course with real occasions waiting for you sunrise sunny hours in Pember Pines to so take the whole family out Or book your next business lunch and right now take out an over-reelable to their voted number one Bicygap restaurant reviews and by WSV and historical news as South Florida's best Asian buffet Column at nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for a real feast This is the place the Emerald coach Chinese buffet Number one I don't even in your own Good well not the legend needs out extra or never least smooth Yeah But I have nothing else to say. Look at all of this. I was the way the down there in the mirror, my- I'm the right-hand, the street from your room. I have to go. Oh, I know. Oh, I know. No, I didn't know. I have to go. I told you what. Go, I'll hold you over and I'll break out that, eh? I'll give you one of my old tentations. How's that? I'm not lying. That worked the only call that we had. The thing that you know is lower than it is. There's no, there's no, there's no. My- I don't know, no, no. My- I don't know. My- I don't know. My- I don't know. My- I don't know. Wow! That thing was day. I knew those in my tentations. And around those old tentations. Who's wrong? I know. I know. And you go. I'll give that to your adult me. I'll roll that up, yes, silly, me. Yeah, that's it. That's me. That's me. That's me. That's me. That's me. I know, it's closed. Wants up this stream. Almost every day. I can. And my bed. And then I start to crawl. I don't know. And then I go to the door. I go to the door. Yeah, I go. I go. I go. I go. I go home friendly, oh no. And I go to high school before I go back. Who's with only five atoms to save a giant atoms as that Lot really thick boys I wouldn't ever please me. My goal for them, It's I'm not in the middle of the door. What? What? What? What? Yeah, but what about? One thirty four twenty six go two and five sixty double to QMAD.com and one. Can you believe it's almost that time? Right. Holy moly, rad man. This is, see, haven't I said for a long time for hours is too long? Yeah, you were right. Now, for thirty minute a year, I do a five hour and fifty minute show two. I'd go on until I collapse, you know, every day. So I ran out of gas. Another news about it. All hours is too freaking long, but like three hours and forty five. I mean two hours and forty five minutes. Is that what it is? Yeah, today is two hours. Four and forty five minutes. I'm almost embarrassed to take that check, you know what? But I'll over look it. Here's a, uh, thanks from our buddy Big R&E. So, don't listen to that anti-poled jerk or what's your pulls of a lot of fun. Uh, and before I finish the other sentence, which is Q, let me just say this to you. As George would verify and Josh, anybody who ever worked on a show, when you call this show, you can talk about basically anything you want. And I've been even asking, you know, the response with all the changes in a format, what's going on in the station. There are many things people can be talking about. And they're like throwing in some names at a pole, which they do. But generally speaking, unless you've got a building pole, and people can add names to, they've got nothing to say in South Florida. I've been in rent. That's nothing new. And anyway, it's just also related to starting, uh, late due to Howard. Boy, how can I get some of you to work the first hour of my job, obb? Since the garney. Good point, Arnie. As usual, you got your thumb on it. What person in their right mind wouldn't give their left arm and half of their left? And if somebody else worked the first hour to hour and a quarter, their job is to get paid the same. Sounds like a deal to me. To us. Listening. Ha ha ha ha ha. Do do do do do do do. W to Q a M, hello. Q a M. Sounds dead as a garney to me. W to Q a M, hello. Yes sir. You wanted that between your pop is moving to Miami? And? Yeah, Michael Jackson, man he's moving right. Makes doors. And? Ah, we're gonna run this buddy. Okay, good. Okay, say how do you do? Never met a slime ball that we just see. I almost said something else. F*** bag. We can't say that. Who do you think is the most beloved American celebrity of all time? Yes sir. Pull on your Rogers.com. 4008 votes. You know, come see. Of course the other thing when you gauge the response on a pull, keep in mind that when you're rolling on for 245 minutes, you're going to of course the show it ain't going to be that big on the pull, right? Right. I don't think we're going to be doing too many of those. We got a thousand votes during the show pulls anymore Josh. No more record record. No. Elvis 89. Oh, and twenty seven years ago was his last bomb movement. You can almost hear it. You can almost smell it. Of course back in the day we could let you hear it, but we can't do that anymore. Elvis 91 he zoomed past Bob Hope 85. Lucy's dropping. Lucy's all ball 80. And after that it's not much Jackie Gleason 24, the Duke 23, Johnny Carson 19, etc. It's a small potatoes. WDQAM Hello. Yeah, I did a pack of all of them. WDQAM Hello. Yeah. Yeah sir. I'm talking about the house during the show. I'm listening. Hello. And this is me. Is it new? Yes sir. Sounds like me. Hey, why are they cutting the house during the show like that? Why are they going to? I can really listen to it every other word they they bleep. Well, that's because they wanted they don't want to. You know what I mean? They don't have the balls to put it on unexpected. They go lose a lot of fans right? Because they gotta go to 103.1 to listen to the full effect. There you go. All right, that's the way you want to do it. It's able to update me man. It's on my choice. The QA in F and WA. He's getting a little porkey with me right? So it's the way you want to do it. Well, I got to do it. It's threatening you. Yeah. Well, we're going to go to the buzz. Good to good buzz. Yeah. I mean, it just makes sense. I don't know. Ask me. I'm not involved in these ingenious programming decisions. I'm not the one who all of a sudden had a bad case of diarrhea. And woke up on morning decided that oh, I don't want sports anymore. And let's we don't care if the dolphins take their act somewhere else. And Howard Stewart is going to make you know something maybe they're right. Maybe it's going to work. Maybe. And maybe on the other hand it'll blow up right in their face. You know, like that. Who the hell knows? Time will tell. What do you think? See you, radically it could work. Right? I mean, there are so many people who can't hear the buzz or Fort Myers who are dying to hear Stearn's act and his voice and whatever. Even if it is chopped up, they'll put up with whatever they did. But from what I'm hearing all of you, port said, again, keep in mind even if I wanted to listen to the whole thing. And I would only listen to a few minutes here in your last these two days. I hear the pre delay. So in other words, what I'm hearing in the sad all chopped up all the way Do here when the satellite drafts, I'll let funky Tommy's band music. I'll let heavy metal. And this morning, I said, well, what is this? I mean, even I couldn't figure out what the hell was going on. You know, like in this part of the format. It sounds to be quite honest with you, like in a barction. And you know how some people feel real strongly about a barction, don't you? Exactly. Twenty-two, two, if five, sixty, WCU, I am the new home of Howard Stearn, Morning, six until, uh, whenever. And by the way, anything else, Robin? Another news story? Oh, brother. Hey, you heard me talk about dry concepts for over 20 years on a show. In fact, I've used him in my home, it's over 20 years because for a simple to the best in the business. No rip off, no scams, no 595 room games that they play. They give you a written guaranteed price up front. They send their certified technicians in your home. Roll up their sleeves. They dry clean your carpets, which is an exclusive pat and mid-method. Nobody else in the world does this. It sucks out even the deep down dirtway in the fibers of your carpet. That leaves your carpets looking and smelling just like brand new. Lemon fresh. And of course, they're drying a couple of hours. You really can clean today and retain the night. So whether it's your carpeting, your draper, your poultry or your area, your rugs, your spensibory and a rugs, all these things. These are the folks you want to trust to them. Like I said, they give you a written guaranteed price up front. A little rose when they finished the job you had them a check and you look at that floor and say, it looks in smells like I had brand new laid right there on the floor. Call them full free at 1-800-248-5071. Use them one time. You'll never dream of call anybody else. And when you do make that call, haven't put you understand by a list. We'll say the next one, 15 percent off the already unbeatable price. Tolprie is 1-800-248-5071. Rhinelignets.com. Rye Concepts.com. Rye Concepts making carpets clean and soft Florida since 1979. You're listening to me, Rogers. For example, I'm a blacksmith, a church, you A.M. Pretty presidential endorsements. I'm Donald Trump and I'm a dressing-John Kerry. Even though I have no respect for liberals, I also don't like right-wing nuts. Besides, my casino's always too better on the Democratic administration's president Bush. This is a top one. You'll find it. They see them keep up all their injuries. Until they expose all the secret seeds. So they're not hearing what they want to hear. Let's know when talks well under over there. Is it truly FBI know about the oppressed? This CIA makes judgments that they doubt regret. Falling into terrorism on seas. We just need more answers from the men who seem to know. We need to know. What's worse, who? How about 911? We need to know. What worse? How about 911? 125. If you're going to tear it in my eye, I think it's almost time for the mad dog. He just came in. He's in studio today. Right. He just had this look at his face. What's going on at Q.A.? He just swallowed the treasure cap. He said it's weird. That was his quote. It's weird. He told us to tell you hello for him. Hey, mad dog. You're the man. By the way, he's been a kick in Asson. I was writing. Jagetic. You're my guess. And then the fact that he gave that money to Bob Graham's campaign. And we don't put that on the air. And we'll hold it against him. Oh, it's big and a win. If you look on that, I forget what that website is where it tells you all of people that don't need money to put local campaigns. Right. And Shula and Mad Dog give two grand a piece to Bob Graham. I guess that's covering the rest because of the mind-me-laced connection. But at any rate, Wayne, of course, always is a big Republican. Right, Wayne, that deal. But as far as Wayne, being not wanting to stir on the station because of the fact, see, this is making me sense to me. Well, I'm not going to waste my time with Wayne. Okay. This doesn't make any sense. Okay. I'm not case because David New Jersey scandal. He is really man. And is really just like that moron, Duran, grah Granowski, Duran, Duran, Duran, the moron. In fact, every time I hear that voice, my own is what comes to my mind. The Israeli man at the center of New Jersey Governor James McGrini's resignation over a gay affair, said in an interview published yesterday, he is straight initially at no idea that his former boss was a homo. Golem, Chappelle, for the Israeli Daily Newspover, yet he ought our note, then McGrini repeatedly made unwanted sexual advances. Chappelle said he informed the governor of one point that he planned to sue him for sexual harassment and lawyers been negotiating the assettlement when McGrini resigned last week. The other story we had on our website said he was trying to shake him down for five million bucks. It doesn't bother me that it said that I'm gay, but I'm really not. He said I'm straight. I'm straight as an arrow. On the other hand, with queues me of being an extortionist, someone has lost his mind here. He was quoted as telling, yet he ought to, McGrini when we know over the rest of that story. Try to wish him enough for five minutes. So they'd say alleged. 560560, pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line, on the Howard Stern Response Line, WQAnhello. Hey Neil, yes sir. I'd be proud to find call by saying I'm a big, I'm gonna share the ears of the listeners. I get to say it up. I love your show. I love Howard Stern. I never liked to be far, but you say, you know, that people like Fannou and all of us, but I love Howard Stern. I love you. A last of you QA, I'm not fed everything I need. Are you recording? Talkin' the morning, it's called to me after noon, right? What's nice of a life? I was not that much, 424 hours a day like a budget key. Right. Now one more thing, I would prefer X and I passed by your building this afternoon, and you were talking about the satellite. There was a pop-wood satellite. Okay, I saw a bunch of guys on the roof fixing the satellite. So hopefully all that cut the on the snow, won't be happening any more in the morning. I think those guys on the roof are trying to restrain low from jumping, is what I heard. Is that what it is? Neil. Thanks, Neil. Neil, Neil. One more thing, one more thing about your show trivia. Remember you had a call or call big something big something. She was a security guard. Oh, George would know big, he was talking, right? She was a security guard in a hall of the building where my ant lives. Right, right. We need my buddy, we're trying to figure out her name, but we couldn't. Oh, Jim, fact George just mentioned her to me in the other day because we were talking about this black-host security guard. We got now big. Right. What's the big man? Big next. That's it. Yes, sir. All right, Neil, let me see. Okay, see. See that. Now that's a kind of call we need. There's a happy guy, which is not easy to find and so on for a duck, right? Right. He likes stern, he likes me. He likes not so much force anymore. He's a happy guy, right? Right. All right. Oh, right. And they're a fixing the thing upon the roof. Huh? No, I really believe that's more left there. Don't do it. You still got a couple of good years left in here doing something. I have to after after finding out that he's not listed in those promos at all. I mean, I heard it. It says Howard Stern, Neil, Mad Dog and the hammer is what it says. I didn't hear no more in there. That was said. No, he's just wallpaper. No one knows about him anymore. No one knows about him anymore. When you think in his position, he'd be lucky. He'd be kissing the ground the fact, no, not with that ego. He doesn't get it. Kiss the ground that you're still on the air. Well, even if they could figure out some way to make you just disappear, they could get some vanishing cream and stick it on that gigantic ball spot you got. Now, they do it. In fact, if you see Greg approaching with a big jar one these days, now if you see Duffa approaching with a big jar, that's another story. That's a horse of a different color. 10 till 2 at 5. 60. How many QAM? I've been talking about ALAs and recharge the toner recharge for a close to past few weeks. A lot of you'd call 800-287-9212 and save a crap load amount of money on your printing and office equipment supplies. For those of you who haven't called, what you'd be waiting for. ALAs are rechargeers got ink jets, thermo carbon paper supplies. They provide service support maintenance for most mix and models of machines to make them run like brand new again. When you call 1-800-287-9212, you'll deal with just 5. The solar owner has been supplying businesses and staff for what they need most cases within 24 hours. ALAs are rechargeers can save you up to 50% on new cartridges as compared to depot pricing and all the cartridges sold by ALAs are rechargeers. We manufactured not refill. Anybody on the street corner can sell your cheap refill cartridge, but you only get what you pay for. We manufactured cartridges are the only smart way to go. ALAs are carries to complete a lot of cartridges for printers, copies and taxes, along with brother and Xerox drums as well. ALAs are rechargeers prior to their individual service, and they offer you a no-questions-act satisfaction-watering fee. So if you need a total of cartridges, all of these things just pick up that phone called just Bob, at ALAs a recharge called toll-free 1800-287-9212. You can log onto their website, ALAsarrecharge.com or make that call today, you'll have your stuff in O'Chamberall. 1-800-287-9212. You're listening to Neil Rogers exclusively on 5-6. 1-800-287-9212. 1-800-287-9212. 1-800-287-9212. 1-800-287-9212. 1-800-287-9212. 1-800-287-9212. 1-800-287-9212. 1-800-287-9212. 1-800-287-9212. 1-800-287-9212. 1-800-287-9212. 1-800-287-9212. 1-800-287-9212. 1-800-287-9212. 1-800-287-9212. 1-800-287-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 2-800-297. 1-800-WOOSEOK. 1-800-287. 1-800-287. 1-800-818. 1-800-287. 1-800-557. 1-800-188. 2-800-869. What do you think? Yeah. It's bursting at one. You don't think Marlon Brando belongs on the pole? Very does. Especially now that he croaked when he sounds any press about it, it's too o'clock already fat, so. You ought to be dancing a jig around there. So, Valid Poirnack can go to King's practice now. There you go. Let's see, here's our pole result. I'm not going to touch that. 453 votes. What do you think is America's most beloved celebrity of all time? And this would, on scale of 10, I see this pole is about a six and a half today. Come see, come stop. Elvis 98. Who took his last began 27 years ago. Bob Hope 91. He ain't singing no more. Lucille Ball 85. John Wayne 25. Jackie Greason 24. John E. Carson 22. I'm going to read all the results just to you. I'll piss off that facts about it. You've got so much talent taking these poles to bed. Red Skull in 1680 Griffith 11. My hemorrhally 10. Fred Rogers 10. Captain Kang Wu 9. See that cruise at 8. 8 for Syria. Oh, great work. I'll cover that seven Merlin Monroe six. Frank Sinatra five. Frankie Lyman five. Hey, Frankie, how's it going? Bill Clinton four. Do you agree? Now, how come Clinton got on there? I said no politicians. You don't think the judge made a mistake, do you? No. During our C.A. George Burns, Kerala, Connor Judy Garland 3. James Dean and Danny K.E. He's had a pair. Arnold Palmer one. Bob Marley, Bill Cosby, Rachel's Michael Jordan that was supposed to be the ethnic selections there in the so far. They're all tied with they got the big ol. How do you like this? So pretty, you know, my general analization of this is that they still got some things to work out. You know, the organization, the corporation, Greg Reed, they got some kinks to work out in the deal, right? It's a working progress. Right. It's a working progress. And progress because naturally, you're respect Greg Reed, a doing anything like with careful planning. And like, ahead of time think about the this and about that and what if this and like, you know, lay it out like somebody would do a with careful intelligent planning. No, if you jump right in with both feet and the C.A. You know, like jumping in that pool and finding out there's no water when you hit the bottom. So we'll see how it works out. Anyway, I'm ecstatic man. This is exactly what the doctor orders. In fact, I like it so much. I'm going to come back on Thursday. Little, little, Georgia be back tomorrow. And then I'll be back on Thursday. It is only the other week and a half of this. And then unfortunately, the bad news is it's back to that five day a week crack. Look. But I hear the good news is Rob is going to have anything else by the way, Rob. Bye, bye, bye.