Just watch out, Joe and I will be a face you've never done, just be patient. That means in your slot. That's my word. You know? My junior, honey. Oh! They just increased us too high, alert status. But no one blows up my bread, new dot stratus. I made a wrenxes thinking of us the news. Popping value with a big list of moves. I keep the gas mask in my welcome apartment. I call creamax for a bombproof apartment. Re-inforce my front door with syndrome blocks. Wunder it that won't keep on the small talks. Checking my mail more that deadly white powder. Stocking my covers with candles, clam chowder. Living on or Joe or Cherake no fun. I think the terror is so random on. I can't see kids. I won't be against if it goes to red. I'll pull the covers up over my head. And just stay in bed. Kids stay. Alright. 10-01-5-60 WQAM-Happy Tuesday to avoid Joe Rose whipped up into a frenzy this morning. Wow. I'm a man with a mild man or guy like the Joe Master. No, that's a lead in. Which goes to Cherake. Sometimes I think it's just me or us or whatever. I know what we're talking about. Pitching about freaky Carlos out there to reception. Or about what an asshole mole is and impossible to get along with. And Joe Rose will tell you exactly the same thing side by each right with us. It's you and I'm copying you. Yeah, right. We tell it exactly the way it is. What a wonderful life it might be. We're talking to a establishment of place of business and have somebody pleasant sitting there like, what's your name? I know it. I know it. He's a sweet heart. He's pleasant. He's a competent. He speaks a little bit of English. He's great. He smiles. He smiles at you. He's pretty good. Look at. Melt your bones. He used to sit out there by the reception desk all the time. But no, now we got this freak, this thing that's out there. Man, oh man. What a piece of tear with a crappy attitude. Who's got his Susan Luchi blow up Dallas sitting there on his lap. That's what the Joe was talking about. I'll whip up in the foaming at the mouth about freaky Carlos. Tammy, hey, bubble head down. I don't think we do really well with people named Carlos, if you win. No, we're jinxed. We're over three. And I know you don't want me to pick on Carlos, so pick your ear, whatever the hell that asshole's name is. The one that keeps screwing up the studio and just after all these years, still can't get a right. Oh, whatever. Yeah. He's the only one. No, I'm, why are you defending him? What is that all about? He's a good guy. He may be a good guy, but he's nine compas penis. You see what I'm saying? He's incompetent. You sound like the beast who was defending, uh, uh, uh, Dave Ann Boring, why do you run vacation? Well, I wouldn't do that. Well, he was defending him because, well, he's a nice guy. Well, he may be a nice guy, but he's incompetent. He's boring his craft man. He's terminal. Oh, wait to hear Mike Mayo's call him today. Okay. I was going like it's about time you wrote something. Oh, it's pretty weak toward the end there. He kind of like Peter's out. Well, you see who died? Who? Dr. Hadmigra. Who's hit again? Tug, McGraw. Who the hell's that? The Zanyi relief pitcher, according to phrase, You've got to believe with the Metz and later closed out the Philly's only World Series championship. The idea is that he was only 59. He died of brain cancer at the home of his son, Country music star Tim McGraw. Tim McGraw? Yeah. Yeah, do you really? Personally, we party. No, seriously, how do you know from him? I get aroused. Outside an Asheville team spokesman Larry Shanksett He'd been battling brain cancer since March when Underrun surgery for him, a ligament tumor. Agrozzinless came as a shock last spring. He was at Philly's training camp in Clearwater's Special Instructor looking fine acting as funny as ever, but suddenly hospitalized March 12. Uh, I left Andrew who threw a school ball and was a school ball. McGraw was a fan favorite in New York Philadelphia throughout the Major's. Once asked whether he preferred a grass field or artificial surface he said, I don't know. I never spoke to any answer to her. Okay, Bro. McGraw was known for charging off the mound, sleeping his right hand on the sti-entapping his chest after a close call. He's dead. Tug McGraw. He was colorful. They're not too many athletes who were like colorful. You know what I mean? Well, I get some personality and some like pizazz. Something like that. I'm not talking about hot dogs. Like these assholes that go in a zone and do all the crap with the cell phones and jump up into the stands and grab the fans and all that crap. Anyway, let's take a look at that pull from yesterday. We got some bad news on the lineup, but well, it's not all bad. We're a little bit concerned about the humpar, but I will say this. Like I said, I will say this. Like Boogella. Boogella is penciled in at the moment because Bokeh can't make it and the humper can't make it. We're having a little bit of a problem here. We never did get a report while Gildi wasn't there this morning. No, I come in here at 715. I turn on the pot, light one up. And I hear the moment and all by himself. That's a looting. Now this is only January the 6th. This is only the second day of what's supposed to be. Would you let me know what the date is that we really go back to work for real? This is still a dry run. That you're going to have to dry runs. Seriously, what's the date that we, get this guy damn place going again? No matter if I speak out of that, let me just check this. Uh, do you hear that? I do. Line one is working. I'm right here for Jim Yeltson man. I'm right. Nice going there. Fix it. Or maybe I reset the phone this morning just on a, on a Mark. No, I did. That's not what did it. Don't try to take credit for something that the Boris Yeltson did. Oh, he's the best. I'm sure he'd done it because he's done it before. Line one keeps crap and out and that's, That's your phone company hard at working in for you man. They suck. But line one is working. Let's hear it. Let's get a call online one. How do those see one thing I've never figured out the whole six years we've been on QM? Is how do the, how the lay of the land works with these phones? You know what I mean? Right. It's, uh, it's, they're, there are primaries and they roll over, but they're not where you want them to be. Well, what do you mean by that? Another word, Laurie one is not necessarily the first one. If somebody would call right now and check, maybe you might come in online one. I won't answer it if it's on another line. But if you come in online one, I might check it out and see if it's working. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on. Let's go. Let's have some line checkers on here. You people are so good. They have a slow five, signal. See this line too is run. Why is that? Because top primary apparently. Why would that be? Does that make sense? I tried to explain the, The primary. That it was important that they, that they roll over in order so that we know what's going on. And they say, Oh, wait a minute. I got a poke. What if you're on the wrong line? Get lost. I'm going to go in. Line one. Okay. Thank you. There you go. Line one works. That's good. Okay. Here's yesterday's pull result. Okay. Everybody else just go away. Screw off. We have 1300 and 6 votes. In fact, I bet you're more than that now. Because I printed this out just a little bit ago. We have 1300 and 23. Holy crap. You see how they start pouring in once the show starts again? Pretty impressive. Yes. I think everybody's abandoned QA in because of for real, for around getting fired. Don't you? That's what I heard from Miguel and Farell and the Beast in the, the Near East. That's what I'm hearing. A lot of people really pushed off and discussed it. Bob Eisenberg was so discussed that he quit. That's the truth. I'm not just making that a problem. Bob's fans out there in video land. Bob Eisenberg is gone. From QAM, he resigned. I can't read the memo because it says for internal use only. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get it. Yeah. Oh, just shove it up your ass away. You go on to plane. You'll have a little small bomb in your butt. But at any rate, Bob Eisenberg's gone. He couldn't take it no more. He finally got another gig. So I can't stand the insanity. They just know there's no continuity that station. They keep changing line. This is the only radio station I've ever worked at in my life. That the programming line up is penciled in. They don't even print it out like an ink. It's penciled in so they can erase it on a moment's note. It's just like the thing with the Humper today, the load. The load will not be on the set. Again. The second day in a row, he's home feeding and eating. What's that old saying? Feet of cold. Feet of fever. Right. Feet of the load. Come on. I'm closing out here too. Okay. Can't hurt your health. I'm concerned about him for 2004. I'll tell you that right now. I'm very concerned about the load. What? See you hadn't heard that before. Josh is heard. Josh knows what it means. The a toad in the load. We had a great time with that. That was mode. That was. Most finest moment. Was when he came up with that. The man dog sandwich between the toad meaning me and the hank the load. The toad in the load. Isn't that a British dish toad in the hole? Toad in your hole. Yeah. Much of much of most probably got toad and and weasel in the hole. Anyway, 1300 some on votes. Yesterday, who was the most overrated major celebrity of all time? And Oprah Winfrey wins. So by such a gigantic margin, it's just it's shocking in it. And the fact that she's got a billion bucks. I think a lot of people are jealous. Oprah, including me because he's got no talent. She has no talent. And then it's that heart. Productions, which is Oprah backward, which is the way of rubbing it in your art. Yeah. Bitch. Can't stand you, honey. Oprah. And that's why we have the women listeners on his show is because all the women in America are just like, they're uh, sucklings to Oprah. Whatever she says they don't. They do it. Yeah. Oh, my god. It was Oprah. I don't keep her crap me. If it was Oprah, get her out of here. Anyway, she's got 225 votes. She wins the poll most overrated major celebrity of all time by as they get votes. Second place and what I know coincid in some sure. Her grand sidekick and underling her under study. Dr. Phil with 103 vaulted the drooling idiot. As much as I dislike him personally, his draw that phony draw her. I like that dislike that even more. Third, Barbara Streisand with 99. Cross-eyed bitch. Highly overrated is a human being all the way around. Just keep your mouth shut, Barbara. Rush Limbaugh, who was a late edition and thank that a somebody called it in my before the end of the show. We forgot about Rush. Oh, 79. See that cruise 70. Nice going, Sidja. Monkey push. That lets us prop up serious body out there in Frinson, place of a freaky Carlos at the receptionist. Should be a lot more pleasant wouldn't it? And probably wouldn't smell any worse. Ooh yeah. James Dean 65, Frank Sinatra 50, Elvis Presley 31, Howard Sternhead. About third man. Woody Allen 29, Rosie O'Donnell, Larry King and the Kaufman and Gloria Stephon each had 27. Brittany Spears 26. So we got some more Brittany stuff today. Hey Brittany. The boy is that guy. See he was photo genics. So some of the pictures of him look pretty good. I even told you that before the show. Then they had him on CNN this morning and interview with this kid. Whatever his name is. Whatever his name is. What is it? Jason Alexander. He is so freaking ugly. How ugly. And Redneckie and the thick neck and just a real Louisiana loser. A goober. What is he going to do? It looks good. That's what pisses me off. Just keep right where you're going. No, seriously. Something's wrong with that. I think she's a dick. Or right. Brittany Spears 26. I just got everybody all booked up into a frenzy with that. There. There. I've been waiting. Dick Clark 25. Can't stand Dick. Jerry Lewis 23. Jerry Sinfield also 23. Ever seen together? No. Jennifer Lopez 22. Carson Daily 20. Wayne Newton had only 18 Madonna 18. Christian Kutcher had 17 Kutchi Kutchi. See now like if she did him. Yeah. If she did him. Okay. Except that. Sure. Okay. Because he's like you know Kutchi. He's a pretty cool. Yeah. Slice the lone 16. Jim Carrey and Tom Arnold 15. Share and Dennis Miller had 13 of piece. Arnold Schwarzenegger had 12 Bill Cosby 12. John Wayne Johnny Carson and Liz Taylor each had 11. Tom and Bob Hope had 9 of piece Ray Romano had 8. Will Smith. Lies of an L.A. had 7 of piece. Canter Reeves and Ben Offbuck had several. Oh, Eric here. Piece of crap. Ellen D. Genrewood had 5. Neil Diamond and Joe Rivers had 4. Sandra Bullock. I don't like that that she was on there. That's wrong. Sandra Bullock Patrick Swazie J.Lenow and Mick Janger and Kurkta. Oh, see. Kurk Douglas had 3. Only we had his name. Kurk Douglas. Kurk K-RT instead of Kurk. But it makes no difference on old troll. Billy Bob Thornton, Jamie Lee Curtis and Ben Stiller each had 2. And Dan rather only had 1 vote. And of course that's whoever was the cold in and the set it was Dan. Somebody probably liked Peter Jennings or Tom Brokaw. They liked their news with a speech defect. You should drop it in a lot of sound effects. You know that a lot of content. You're supposed to be on doggy efforts that he must have got Russia's supply of oxies. Extra one of the other. Just whipped up into a frenzy. I have no idea. 1013 at 5.60. WM I see the new pool is up there already which we'll get to it. And so while those you didn't call in on so it's going to be a really interesting day today. You know, because there does nothing to add to that pool. 1013 at QAM and let me say right now. If you're looking for a new mattress if you're back at sending you the message that your mattress is worn out. Here's the deal. Pick up the phone right now and call the delivery experts at 1-800 mattress like I always do. That's the number 4 dollar mattress. Nothing can improve your daily health well-being and productivity better than a great night's sleep. If you wake up in a morning after a good night's sleep, you feel like a munch. Kick off the new year right. Resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2004 by calling telematrous at 1-800 mattress. Celebrate the new year in comfort with the new mattress and telematrous. Call them right now. They're proud of added. Stewards and bananas fostered their already strong championship lineup. Stewards and fostered who it is the finest mattress made in America. And now you can sleep on one as soon as tonight. If you make that call right now 1-800-MATTR. And of course telematrous also carries the complete line of the top names in a business. Seedy, served as Simmons King Quill Temporary II. Two is from dozens of models at low on beatable everyday discount prices. And only telematrous lets you choose that to our delivery window that meets your schedule any day the week seven days from 8 AM till 10 PM. With low prices, same day delivery, free set of interval it's easy to see. A telematrous is still ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. So to do with all the smart folks are doing a QM and some of those smart two smart either. Call 1-800-MATTR-MATTR-ES or online your find them at MacTrust.com. Rye and local. We're sports radio 560-U.M. Dear Roger Scott, he's an American music icon, the original country punk. And now he's reaching across the Atlantic to pay tribute to England's greatest punk band. The best of Johnny Clash. But she'll leave, don't like it. Walk in, the Casbah. The man in black is back. I'm track with a very special version of Train and Bane. To just stand by me. No, not at all. They just stand by me. No way. Yes, London's calling. And they're saying hello. To the best of Johnny Clash. If I go there will be trouble. And if I stay in Wilby, double. Hello. This is Johnny Clash. And I shot this commercial in Reno just to watch you buy. My brand new record. So you got to let me know. Should I stay? Or should I go? The best of Johnny Clash. Look forward in the combat country section of your local record store. Thank you, John Lee. Ten 18 at 5.60 WQM. This is the story that Aby prorg it to today's pool. Girl 11 held in Miami date on charges of selling heroin in 11-year-old girl. How much? But turn man. South Miami. And 11-year-old girl sold heroin on the street while dressing her school uniform in night count. Doing the bidding of her mother and a man who may be her stepfather, pulleys. Maybe her stepfather, or maybe not. Investigators and prosecutors will meet this week to the south of the discharge the girl whose name is not been released, but she and her 70-year-old sister have been turned over to the DCF. The girl's 36-year-old mother, Allison Lowlanded Davis, was arrested during Friday's raid by South Miami's Poles Drug Enforcement Administration, agents and the Crow Gebel's Swap Team. A 60-year-old man who may be Davis's husband remains at large. You following that? He may be the husband, right. And he may be the stepfather. Or it was disturbing said Sergeant Ruben Rodriguez, a South Miami drug officer, once we found out the relates to the child we were in utter shock. We knew we were dealing with a baby, but we originally thought she was around 15. He said it's unlikely the girl would be charged everything stems from the mom, Rodriguez said. Police said they started watching the arena of the girl's home in October after receiving a tip. They said they saw the girl regularly selling 10 and 20 dollar doses of heroin from in front of her home to drivers and pedestrians sometime dressed in her school uniform or pajamas. A undercover officer said they then made purchases of their own during one-by the officers said they asked her three bags but she only had two. The girl said she needed to check with her mom, Rodriguez said, experts say that in 11-year-old drug dealer is rare but not unique. We have kids being used as decoys or curriers are making actual sales usually funding for somebody else on the street usually as an adult, the EA spokesman Joe Kilmer said. Davis's jailed on multiple drug possession trafficking charges plus an outstanding shoplifting warrant for Raymond Eschedule for January 23, police said they seized 10 grams of heroin 2 grams of crack cocaine. 10 Xanx pills and 2 grams of marriage a weenie from the family home along with $1,300 in cash and drug per finalia. Police said the last prosecutors to also charge Davis with child exploitation. Any claims Davis makes saying that she did this to feed her children goes out the window because she put her 11-year-old in the line of fires out by a police captain Greg Feldman said. How do you like that? I would have to ask you, you probably have both daughters out pedaling drugs and how they would be for long. There's an idea for you. We don't augment your income. We'll get you up very soon. The way things are going. Anyway, the Toronto sun yesterday's got on the front page and virtually every newspaper in the world had on the front page yesterday or maybe today if there's slow Brittany along with his punk. Now this picture here, I'm serious. He doesn't really look all that bad in the picture of the New York Posty and look all that bad. Hold it up. On the inside second page here, Jason Alexander. They stopped at the little white wedding chapel in Vegas 5.30 Saturday morning to tie the knot. They didn't have a license for able to quickly pick one up and do the deed. He did a deed. I wonder what deed that is. There's a picture of Brittany beneath it. She's standing with her hand on her hips and her mouth wide open as if she's ready to do some other deed. Well you think she did? I think so. Brittany's quicky marriage, joke marriage and all today, audience goes on. Anyway, the picture he looks okay. He looks human certainly. I like a big improvement over Justin Tinkerbell. Then we see him on CNN this morning. And my god, almighty. He makes a boopo code looks sexy. I'll tell you that right now. What is wrong with that child? What is her problem? Besides that. I guess when he gets that an e-bray that it is about anybody looks good including her old flame. Maybe he looked at a long time ago because he sure is held out now. That's a good point. Maybe he's grandfathered in. Well, I don't know what that's all about. In other words, maybe he's got an inside line. Or try and he's right. I don't know. All I can tell you is that her taste is in her tush. See there you go. There's something for you. Her taste is in her tush. Black comb. Taste the tush? A lot of people lined up for that tasty tush. That's right. A lot of day. He's got dips on it. He wants to start eating and that's. And Brittany's first on his list. The line forms at the rear. Right after he finishes up with an bishop. Anyway, here's. Here's today's pool. What are you making sounds about? He's been doing that on a bad for a long time. Since they shoved her ass in a box. Which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you? We don't have to have any addition to this because I think that what magazine is this. What tabloid. Oh, it's the star. And look at that most shocking stars of 2003 on a fun page. There's Kobe with his lovely wife. He's got that. He's got that dips smit look on his face. Oh, jeez. Sorry, honey. Oh, yeah. She the horn. Who? Vanessa. His wife. Here's Meg Ryan. You know who she looks like? Meg Ryan. In this picture, she looks like a blonde. What was on the cartridge family? What was her name? Susan D. She looks like a blonde Susan D. She looks almost like a spitting image. In the upper right hand corner is Bethany Hamilton. Which I don't know who she is. Who is that? Josh. Any idea? Oh, shark attack victim is shocking. We cover his death. Who that is? Yeah, that's who that is. And in the upper left hand corner in front page, Brittany Madonna is shocking kiss. Oh, my God. There it is. With their mouths just about whether tongues about to intertwine with each other. And you can you can still see a little bit of the sediment that is robbed by her. I'm Madonna's tongue. And anyway, inside here it is the stars we lost in 2003. Thanks for the laughter. Thanks for the tears. But most of all thanks for the memories is what it says right near Bob Hose picture. What a coincidence, I guess. So which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you in a course? Our audience who are all heart. I put a I put a choice on here. I don't give a Schmidt about any of them. And of course it's winning hands down 28 votes. Oh, man. I was 76 votes 28 37% of this audience say, I don't give a Schmidt about any of them. How do you like that? Eight people said John Ritter. Seven said Johnny Clag. Right Robin Cross being on here. I'd love to. Our carny six, very white six, Fred Rogers Ford Gregory Schmeck, Gregory Peck had four cats and Hepburn three. Say, yeah, cruise head three Bob Hope three David Brinkley two. Buddy Hackett one. Dr. Robert Ecken says one news vote that is yours. Mine. Dr. Bob. Well, somebody had to do it right. And by the way, he's seeing a different tune these days. No votes yet for Robert Palmer. Buddy Epson Robert Stack Gregory Heinz Fred Berri. I don't know Fred Berri is from some sitcom, isn't he? Okay. Is he? I don't know. Oh, come on. And no Carter. She don't have anybody. Not everybody like Fat and no Carter. Sure, she's part. She was cute. Koutzi. Tia died. So anyway, all those people died last year in a question is, which one of these celebrity dead people of 2003 met the most to you? And so far, I don't give a Schmidt about any of them is winning hands down. I'm not going to be a close. Oh, what a heartless bunch, you know what? Right. We knew that. Yeah, we didn't know that all along and they proved it all the time. Maybe that's why Bob Eisenberg bailed out a QM. It's turned the heartless, cool, nasty, miserable bastards out there in South Florida. Maybe he wouldn't have talked to the sickest fortune in North Carolina. Okay. Although they, you know, unless he's going to Charlotte, they don't cut in the Jews too much of their Bob. Maybe you might want to pick someplace else like maybe South Dakota might be good. They don't like Jews there either, but at least it's far away. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Now who did you vote for on this? Got it, gang. Oh, come on. Sirius, I'm Johnny. He's been dying for years. He's had like, where he was supposed to be in his eye. He's had to go with the wrong. He's had to go with the wrong. Right. Right. Right into the coffin. He was still recording. Oh, man. He's been looking like a walk in dead man for a coupons age. You go, Johnny. Yeah, you go, boy. And of course his wife died. What that was her name? June Carter. And June Carter cash get a right. Right. June Carter cash. She also died. Let's see. May 15, 2003. And then September 12th he kicked the can. He kicked it. Come on, Johnny. One more. One more song. Come on. You can do it. Walk that line. Walk that fine line. And don't fall on. He's running. He's running. He's running. He's running. He's running. He's running. He's running. He's running. Veronica's running. heiß him. He's running. He may turn. He may turn. You do that again. Good afternoon. Get out of here, Johnny. 10–20 7. I do like to nace my favorite game on the price? What do I do? Do you have a clean? Yeah, like to play Go To. Where they drop the things down a lot. I like soup. Correct. How kann? He changes auning. Bobby. Autosity of Pancrest is a 2003 blowout sale all remaining Paniac in GMC's in stock Get absolutely the best price as you ever heard of in your life and Autosity is loaded with 2004's right now take advantage of 0% financing on models in stock If you have credit problems if you're a deadbeat if you want something out with you have to force No problem. Autosity's got an excellent selection pre-owned cars for our U to choose from It's the brand new autosity Paniac GMC in Paniac rest 134-01-Sufftixie highway that's US one across the falls open every day seven days a week And it's still given great deals and spite of our lives and burden even us for more information called an yield yield hotline tool free at One triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one five three eight eight five three four forty two eleven keep in mind all our perception credit approval See our friends at Autosity Paniac for details Well, Alberto Padez, Joe creator named Tarris staff at the brand new autosity Paniac GMC of Pancrest which you and yours a happy 2004 the new autosity Paniac GMC of Pancrest low prices without the high pressure For these chiddies Just thing and have come for sure You know she made us forget the score That little shirt with the picture Baby she is so hot just as always seen a swear Who she's got a party we like to throw and then we wash them now about the phone Okay Trump I'm six feet over to QM. Can you please play? Here's our first request of the day my asses My asses on fire the Johnny Cash School. What's all this ad? That's on fire I think it's called is that what it's costing On fire you gotta be kidding me. That's great I'll be helping it up in the sky Only had a really big back home. I thought My fat ass has a big red bridge Really is watered inside My ass feels like it's all fire Reck-o It feels like my ass is all fire I'll have to get this one of those inflatable sides This is birds birds birds like I as a little fire My ass is all fire But hey one thing Fabric could get to Is sport really old Very in front what you thought was games And the truth From out of your ass It feels like my ass is all fire I'll have to get this one of those inflatable sides This is birds birds birds Oh my god Like I as a little fire My ass is all fire This is like my ass is all fire Oh wow have to get me one of those inflatable sides This is birds birds birds Like my ass is all fire It's birds My ass is all fire My ass is all fire Reck-o-m-pads is all fire Now we also had a spoof that he did Booker-brained it about John Ritter and three's company But I can't I don't know what it is Oh you know either Because I looked under John Ritter It's about John Ritter and somebody else I think Isn't it that we have like a two-for-deal in that one bit Yeah You'll call Yeah Colin Boca and listen what it is I'd love to play that too We're gonna play a lot of stuff today Good Well why the hell not? We don't have because the pole doesn't need any building And if you don't have to build a pole What are they gonna talk about? You'll see like line six here Q AM hello Hello new? Yes sir Good morning sir And top of the day to use sir Thank you very much Hey Well frankly about your artist there John Ritter was always my idol Anybody who couldn't wake up drunk in a bathtub And ended up living with two women I admire the little bit There you go What's not to like? Hey no, maybe it's a gesture for another pole Another thing Another remake that they're making They're making a remake of a Willy Wonka with one of your favorite artists Johnny Deft Yeah Right And then now Mr. Winder? Yes sir And then the cold kidman now is gonna be Bewitched What is it? Look forward to anymore So what are we gonna what's the pole gonna be? What's the best? Oh how about up? No, what would you like to see Remain of maybe the maybe an ice cream of gene Maybe Christ the drunken alcoholic ears? I don't know That's my favorite Let me know when that one comes out Okay, this is great Try the wine man Have a great day I think you already read it Thank you Let's go home now There's the best See I told you to take out some good call I know what to grab it And the calls too Let's speak of that Like I told you before the show And I'm not complaining Believe me I have no complaints But it's just it's a little bit Distressing to me Especially for the heterosexual community out there Whatever that means Uh that here's Brittany Who's got to be I would say one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen in my life And the sense I don't want to turn you under her Then you gotta agree with that That's hot I want you as I'm a cover Rolling stone just a few years ago Still have five years ago I said any rate She's one of the most Volubious desirable women on a planet And yet she has this propensity For attaching herself Maybe literally let's hope not To the most grotesque The most future look in the most I'm not just quizzling Never Bye bye Like that one for example There's a silver lining to that cloud And what is there's a silver lining Well let's get something Not getting their hands on it Well that is that is as long as she's They's ugly guys. There's a chance for all of the ugly guys in the world Like me I mean when I'm doing all of these hot guys For free by the way and you know And she's doing these grotesque ugly nasty looking guys This gotta be signed in of course there would be those people So I didn't know what's our everything Deal right Well thank God for that Almost Now what is this? Charles Bronson Katherine Hepburn and Boca Bob I think Boca Bob is the Faxer Boca Bob died Oh he's defensive Well we got Katherine Hepburn on there But we don't have Charles Bronson How about he got Charles? I don't know Huh? They couldn't have been wrong Could they? No I don't think so I'll look it up I'm gonna type it in right now There's that website too In case there's a doubt No we don't need that I'll just type in Charles Bronson And then you know what's gonna happen Every time that's the problem But he's damn search engines Is that every time you know No matter which one you use You type something like that for a web search And it comes up with all of this crap If you want to buy this you might Yeah here you go Save up to 35% I knew a top selling DVD And video is at amazon.com Which Charles Bronson Here he is on eBay I don't Oh Christ Why Jesus Christ You like it We start with like a biography Something like that I can't even find that So like I said Probably have to put him on list I'm pretty sure he He croaked Before the attorney of the new year he had to Right I'm on that site Well how come he's not in here I'm gonna sue the damn star This tabloid Talk about incomplete And not like was he small potatoes or something I'm looking for him here I don't see him In addition to which he probably died in December And this thing may have gone to press earlier What's the date on this what's the issue It's What didn't even have a date Oh yeah January 2004 January 6 So maybe this went to press before he croaked Do you think that's possible That could be We've got to get him on there Right away Charles Bronson Thank you very much for anybody who corrected the star A star blow Thank you book about Captain Hepburn we do have honor don't we Yeah she's got five votes I just can't remember The votes are what? 8303 for child processing 830 So what's the problem with them Then for Christ 6 There's people in here that died after that Trying to catch and die until September the 12 So the star Shame on you people at the star It's not my head left though If I'm looking here again And they got pictures of all these people There's Dr. Bob Atkins He's got a playful of he's got bacon And the butter and Crap But maybe he's looked on the butter on the sidewalk They didn't butter Babies of the babies of the year I see babies of the David Letterman Another old cocker making babies That's one thing that really bugs me And maybe I don't know why Watch this bugs me Like in a 20 Randall I like 20 Randall a lot But I think it's time for him to stop Making babies already Just here in 95 Enough already Oh come on What else you got to do Old cockers making babies Larry King there's another one Oh Great Reproducing God can you imagine anything alive Crawling in the sack with him out of How much money he's got So over to that by accident I think man He's there were doing And he's there were kids I wanted a puke Yes Nause eating And I think that what your name allegedly did him Why Angie Dickinson one time too That's the rumor What a slut Get ahead of him Had a blindfold 174 votes in less than half an hour Georgia you impressed with that or what Impressive I am shocked Well maybe the audience is making a comeback Now we can only hope that they give us a little more in 2004 Our long-suffering audience Because boy do we need him now We need him badly Do any fights father talks about The question to the deaths of Diana and his son Does anybody care? No, can't I put that already He's obsessed to eat food Let it go He's never going to let it go Because he thinks it's a conspiracy And the royal family had her killed And you know what? So what if they did? They did it is a favor Enough of their already Smelly bitch And I'll tell you talk about overrated Yeah She did it as far as her looks were concerned Yeah He was nasty looking Right? Do you ever see any like real serious pictures I'm not talking about the glamour shots Even though it was like a real serious picture of that post Ugly from any angle Stanky But then again look up with her to compare it to her So that's the deal That was the litmus test Look at all the other brids Look at princess Anne Look at princess Margaret Look at the queen Is he what I'm saying? Yeah, you can go to her Now look at Diana Wow What a hot number Look at the Camilla Parker bulls Yeah Camilla Parker bulls And princess Charles plays a racket bar Playes with himself Playes with a Willy That whole thing over there It's just it's part of you No seriously you have to really experience the brids Of course and prosloirs What about a silly silly silly silly silly people they are Anyway Speaking of silly way to near the spot One thing is serious That is that we're getting fatter and fatter And balance for like could help you keep your new years Resolution in 2004 and lose more That's right Balance for life is the convenient affordable weight loss need Healthy gourmagne of delivery service That you heard so much about They combine the knowledge of the zone based nutrition With special emphasis on a glycemic values of carbs And it'll ever write your door a little black sack every day You fill out the menu once a week Those are the only choices you'll have to make Is when you fill out the menu because of the only folks that give you two alternatives Reach me on snack everyday the train program And like I said, they'd live a right to your door And at black sack three hormonally bound score may meals Two delicious snacks even a 69's bottle water Write to that door by six o'clock every morning And now it seems the famous doctor, Akins, maybe change your hiss tone There it is, that's his no tone This is I think I'm losing my faith Anyway, his new book aged a fine-dye revolution He talks exclusively about the zone based principles like the glycemic index Being a useful tool for selecting foods and eating at least three four meals That are being essential for keeping your blood sugar steady and on and on a goes So get with the real controlled and proven weight loss He'd healthy lifestyle don't forget the food is fresh and delicious Nothing frozen nothing pre-fab it is out of this world And let their on-step dietitian help you to the concept would you weekly guarantee your success So get started for real on the new year's resolution this year called balance for life And you'll start seeing a weight pro off your ass in no time at all The train is lost 15 pounds already Call balance for life today nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them on the worldwide web at balance for life.com My life and look this is for real five six Two Two I dropped in on the floor I was turning blue I'm bad right after you I was every thought that I would die at the same time as John and Ashley was You shut the ambulance door I am your list of the girls you can do I'm gonna take you back on the internet pass away with the boy named Sun I think I lay a car something when I thank you that summer that day I always thought you were a fool Well every show I did blue Oh it was still on the phone out the hall and it was okay I was a star of the two And now we're both in the two That forty seven and five sixty W2 and we're doing another show on dead people Like it's more very upset I'm just wondering why the reason I decided to do it gets him just forming it the mouth I think I'm putting in angry and furious often of he might just be unalist for next year Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Wouldn't it be something huh Well you see this the choice we have to choose because I'm doing pretty well I feel okay for a fat- old fang Yeah right feel good But I will say this. The Humper, the load better cut the crap in 2004 because I think that's the office pool now is between Moa and the load. Now if we went around building and took a pool as to which you'd rather see what croaking 2004, I don't think too many people would say the load do you? No. Stop it now. We would say Moa. Absolutely. Or show. But at any rate, the load better lose a little off of that load. I'll tell you right now it's going to be, I mean. And like I said, I don't do funerals. I do not do funerals. Just in general principle, but what's the point? In my entire life I've been to two funerals. Yeah. And that's it. I'm not going to the next one. I want to go to Irish funerals like other people's. I don't want to go to any funerals. Please. Anyway, here's the, and we got over 200 votes already, which is shocking to me. 200 red on the nose. Can you in half an hour? What does that tell you? I don't know. Well, I tell you what it tells me. It tells me that they're still thinking that if we don't get enough of what you're going to do. You're going to do the week. Here I'm sitting here thinking boy, this is a phenomenal response. We must have the audience must be back. So that's not it. You're still thinking that the threat that I held on on yesterday. If we don't get enough votes by two o'clock, George is a fills in the rest of the week. Or maybe the rest of the month. And they're thinking, oh no. You're great during vacation, George. But that's enough. Yeah. What? That's what they're saying. They're saying you were great. Oh, we haven't done a pull on that yet. Well, we'll just do a call and pull. I don't give them some of the talk about all the way. I don't think we can talk that's first call. No. Two hundred and five votes. And I got some bad news for you. Which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you? Well, 73 say I don't give a shmit about any of them. That's 35.6% of his hard ass audience. Johnny Cash 29. John Ritter 27. They died was it the same day. Real close. If not. Well, I'll tell you. I got a right here. I'm asking a stupid question. A day apart. John Ritter died September 11th and Johnny Cash died September 12th. Probably like a sympathy deal. John Ritter 27. I couldn't stand John Ritter. I guess you're not supposed to say that. No, because everybody likes him. Everybody like John Ritter. He was silly on three's company, but the other things that he did were okay. He seemed, I don't want to say it. He seemed to get, he seemed squishy to me. Yeah. Didn't you leave your old feeling character? Yeah, he did. Well, I'm not talking about his character. I'm talking about every time I saw him and anyway, he seemed very fay. Right. But anyway, he's dead. What do you say? See, one thing about that is you can say it all you want after somebody died. It was supposed to be like, Raymond Burr was gay and had a lifelong lover. But of course, now that he's dead, I'm not going to sue anybody. What if it doesn't make, right? Right. Big, rich guy like Raymond Burr. Art Carnie 12. Art Carnie should be doing better than that. In fact, I wish I could vote over again. I'm voting for Dr. Bob and Art Carnie's on list. No, I'm going to let that's a time thing. Right. It's an age factor. Art Carnie Jackie Gleason all that goes way back. Art Carnie was great. He's got 13 now. See that cruises got 11. She wasn't no art Carnie. I'll pay that. Shut up, Silly guy. Gary White's got 9. Gregory Peck 8. Bob hopes 7. Dr. Bob Atkins 7. See Dr. Bob met a lot to you people out there. You people used to be faddy saved our lives. I'm a guarantee of that right now. Didn't save my life though, because I can't stay on a diet. Can't not stay on the ancons. You want to know why? I don't why. I take to sugar. That's right. I'll say it again. People laugh when you say that. Oh, yeah, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You just have fat sloth. Well, that part of it is true. And they get tired of hearing it. So I don't want to talk about it. They get very upset. Otherwise, I do have that story about America's teenagers or the faddy's in the world, but look it to it. Dr. Bob Atkins 7. Fred Rogers 6. Katherine Hepburn 5. No, he, no, you have to play that bit. No. He has my favorite. Jimmy, is he your favorite? Well, what about? Okay. Top 10. Now the sound of Jimmy Stewart making love to Katherine Hepburn. Oh, you're out. Oh, you're out. Oh, you're out. Oh, you're out. You're out. Oh, you're out. Oh, you're out. Oh, you're out. Oh, you're out. Oh, you're out. Yeah, yeah. Oh, you're out. You're out. You're out. You're out. Oh, you're out. Oh, you're out. Oh, you're out. Oh, you're out. You're out. You're out. You're out. Oh, you're out. Oh, oh. David Brinkley and Gregory Heinz and Buddy Hackett for a piece. I'd say they would drink the ought to be doing better than that. Although I guess to pissed off it in about that, um. What was the, uh, with the food sponsor they had on this week? Would they would drink the ought to be see? You're asking me, hey, Colin, Boca Brian. No, not a food sponsor, but the, uh, for Crane Alad. The one that feeds the poor and all the other, Anyway, they pissed off about that. Uh, Charles Bronson 3, Robert Palmer 1. Well, what kind of a crowd is this? The Robert Palmer's only got one. No votes yet for Robert Stack, Fred Berry, Nell Carter, Buddy Epson. Charles Bronson just went on and he's already got three. Only one for Robert Palmer? Outside out of mind. Is that what it is? Old, old meat. Huh? Right. Anyway, Grigney's got plenty of companies says CBS News. It says, let's be fair. Grigney's bride for a day stunt. See, if she would have gotten married like a Tom Willing for a day, even. Oh, she was hanging out with Tom Willing. If she was doing it. We could respect that. Wouldn't that be nice? Wouldn't be nice? Or like, uh, Jura Lido. It would make more sense. Or, um, Ethan Hawke. Tetsy? Hmm? You could deal with that. But the idea that she's been supposedly a bangin' and the... Nasty is grossest. I mean, seriously, if you wanted to, Pick somebody last year then just in Tinkerbell. I don't...you have a hard time doing it. Hard press. The only delist rodman. Denise Rodman, and Denise Pothan, probably only two. I'll be right on the bed. I'd let off the bat and Ron Jeremy. And Randy West. And Algo's team. But other than that, right? It says, written he's bride for a day stunt while I popping in its brevity. Is hardly the first case of celebrity wedding bells taking a quick left turn to the lawyer's office. It says, we've got to admit, and Alman's probably our whole lot cheaper and considerable less painful and divorces. It says, remember Denise, Arravman, see? And Carmen Lectora. It says, you don't want them. Don't worry, they may have forgotten it themselves by now. In 1998, lightning fast pairing blamed on impaired judgment. Hey, listen. Anybody that would even touch Dennis Rodman who have to be impaired judgment. Here's some more. Darvick Conger and Chris Rick Rockwell. Look, walk off. Back in March 2000, the dawning of TV's reality age, Conder outfaxed 49 of the contestants to win a ring from Rockwell on who wants to wear a Miriam multimeter. Then it was discovered that Rockwell's former fiance had obtained a restraining order against him saying he hit her. He wasn't on his contract with the judge. Maybe he's just in like him. Last in six weeks. Ar Kelly and Alia. Yes, you remember Alia? Right. Years before his alleged under-raged sex tape, Kelly produced a 15 year old Alia smash debut album, AJ, nothing but a number. Perfect. Perfect. Keeping it real, Alia then lied about a rage to get emerged. Lysons and Kelly's home state of Illinois's. Her outrage parents quickly terminated the union 1994. Lasted about as long as it took for Alia's mom to find out it said. Rudy Giuliani and Regina Parugie. All the way to like her candies. The former New York mayor's first marriage was to his second cousin, a no-no for Catholics without special church dispensation, so when the couple fell out along the Catholic church which doesn't sanction divorce credit and an almond lasted 14 years. Do you know that that she was his second cousin? No. Now I'll be damned. Janet Jackson and James DeBarge. They met on the set of the TV show's soul train they wed without her parents' knowledge, but the singer DeBarge was more... I thought DeBarge was a group. Right, that's their last date. Oh. I'm trying to forget about him. There were no handson. The singer DeBarge was more in the drugs now called in Jackson was proved to be a poor career choice for him last three months. Jaja Gabor and Felipe de Alba. In 1982 the Pulitzer Jaja underwent her eighth marriage ceremony to Felipe de Alba, since Jaja was still married to husband number seven and the ceremony was performed by a ship's captain at sea. The enumement may have been redundant last in one day. And... King Henry VIII and Catherine of Erragon. Isn't that what you put like on stake? Right. Henry couldn't persuade the Catholic Church's Rinalas marriage to Catherine so he could wed Anne Bolin. So he broke with the Pope and ordered that he broke with the Pope. And ordered the enumement himself as led to the founding of the Anglican Church last at 23 freaking years. So there's a few of those. Although I don't understand. I don't know how this... An old man said yes. I thought we were just talking about quicky ones but the CBSI is weeping, okay? Because of that Michael Jackson specialized Friday which we pray that on a you saw. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Marlustline. Who could really be banging that we wouldn't be so upset about? That would be a good poll question. Ah. Don't you think Tom was a good choice? How is he judged? Ashley Judd? Sure. She was just on TV so she's like, you know, right in the mind here. How about the freaking Carl's? I think he might be next. Oh God. Just to piss off Joe Rose. How many votes have we got on here in the first 45 minutes? This is going to shock you. And again, it's the anti-George factor came to 253. In about 42 minutes, 253. And of course, this crowd being all heart being the soft load of crowd that they are. Which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you. 85, 33, I've third or full third. Say I don't give a shmit about any of them. 560, 560, 560. 360, 380, you're the one. Oh, you man. Take off those checkered pants. Our Hi, everyone. Hi. Thanks. Forging me. Lowvad Holocaust that I said. I eyes that turned all red. I'm on the road with being again excited this time I'm dead. Please don't be over me. But I want to tell you. Thanks Да. that cheesy old man smell that the Laura says as well. And those louds he shows that I did that the half blue hotel was the need of egg burps and I want a girl. What a lovely thing. It's 11 o'clock at 5.60 WCM and that's the main dog of the be on again today 2 to 4. All right. And that's about it. Other than that it's all screwed up. We had no gully this morning. We ever find out why? Well, it's not. Well, it's not. Well, it's not. Well, it query minds would like to know. Huh? I mean, it's only the second day back after all of these vacations and everything. Maybe a one day with with Mo was enough one day to row. Now, seriously, let's find out what the deal is there. Okay? Why was guilty out this morning? He couldn't have been sick. Could he? Because there's like a bunch of disease going around. I'm not coming back to town. I might have to delay this return trip. SARS that count. Right. Exactly. In fact, we, you may all have to go into quarantine. That's right. So anyway, we got the mad dog at two of the booster for all the load at four. I mean, what's the punitime? I guess pound for pound. He could have given Hank or run for his money, but not no moan on the other end. I wrote Wonderman 4 to 5 is penciled in the big seven to 10 tonight. Well, we sure got way too much of him on lately. Any K at 10 and Jill and Mark overnight 2 to 5 in a morning. Now, here's the facts that says some more not as famous death last week. And that's for damn sure because I never heard any of these people. Bernie, were not. What does that first name say? Oh, no, it's not only it's in week and in Rick. I guess. And Rick, Bernad, Spanish candy maker, and better the world famous Tupa Chups, Tupes, Lollipop. Tupes, Tupes. Is that what they're called? Yes. Get out of here. Oh, Pachupes. Tupachupes. See. What is that? They're a kind of Lollipop. They're very popular for wildly might still be something that they're mixed suck on. No, they're a cross cultural. They got very popular amongst the kids. Something people suck on, which was what I thought. So then Spain in 1950, but it is sold on 170 countries with factories in five nations and 1700 employees worldwide died December 27 in Barcelona, Spain, age 80. Charles Blacky Hunt, longtime Vegas lounge actor, performed as a musician and communicated venue such as the Sahara and Stardust hotels beginning in the 40s, was a member of the characters one of leading lounge acts at the Sahara's Cat Cosball lounge and Yadaa never heard of. Diet of Hartford, age 75 to December 30. Dinsdale, Landon, British comic stage and TV acting on for playing nervous husbands, following suitors and eccentric bumblers, though mostly known for his stage work appeared numerous British TV movies and made guest appearances and such shows as Dr. Who the Avengers and Lovejoy, died December 29 in England of mouth cancer age 71. mouth cancer. Stay that towering. Faken him. Okay. Faken him, Norfolk England. Well, I pointed there. Much of silly clowns. Helink, that's what you see then the holidays. Take him. Helink Kleed, Barabal character actress who spent a career playing old ladies best known for recurring role as Miss Meini Baldwin on the Walton's TV series. Oh yeah. I have no idea who that was. But a period in dozen of TV shows like Dragnet, Gunsmoke, Be Witch, and the Eddie Griffiths Show, who had roles in movies like the Manchurian, candidate Fitzwillie and magnificent obsession died December 28 in the late of Hartford, or just short of her 97 birthday. Hey, how long that's old enough? Just like that old bag that they rescued it in a ran in BAM. 97. That was old enough. But the Lord must have had a plan. Speaking of crap like that, Chris Collins worth a real asshole, which you have no idea who that is. So, former Rock Jack, I see. Now I broadcast your course. And anyway, he's during the Packers playoff game there again. See, I have a which turned out to be a hell of a game over time. And he's going on repeatedly in fact Chris Zuckerrich in the papers here yesterday ripped him in ass and deservedly so. About because Brett Farbs father you know died a week or two ago whatever it was. So somewhere up there in a sky, Irving or Irving whatever hell his name was. Farb is watching this with a smile on his face. Ayati Adele also the crap don't just just just nauseates me. Well, first of all, what's he watching it on? Is he got like binoculars up there? Where we're up there is somewhere up there in the sky and his big 53 inch plasma screen. That's right. He's watching his son Brett pull out the victory here against Sto Ciel. I mean, why do people talk such baby crap, huh? Emotional cripples? That that's probably exactly what it is because mankind generally speak in our bunch of emotional cripples who can't face death just like Miss Horkheimer honored this morning breathlessly with that solely dead bitch on CNN. Oh and this is so exciting. Boy, this is going to be so wonderful when we find all of these as queer things on Mars. Believe me, Jack, we got plenty of queer things right there in South Florida, okay? And you're one of them Miss Horkheimer. I'll never forget I was telling you the night that I just about froze him out of the studio when I And Z. Oh, that was such a wonderful night. Turn that thermostat down to about minus infinity. Anyway, here's the rundown so far 278 votes. Which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you? I don't give a Schmidt about any of them still a third hard asses 94 they refuse to care. John Ritter 38 Johnny Cash 38. How do you like that the way the two of them seem to be linked? Our curry 16 Fred Rogers 12 you would think Fred Rogers would be no better two when you know come glad he's not Why not? Yeah A lot of people out there grew up. I just like you all whipped up to a frenzy about what's his name there on channel 7 Toby the robot wait. Yeah, but it was wait. Wait Chandler see that cruise 12 time with Fred Rogers Very white 11 Dr Bob Akins 11 Gregory Pet 9 Catherine Hepburn 8 Bob Hobie David Wreckley five Gregory Heinz five Charles Bronson five buddy Hackett full Robert bombers up to four Thank God for that he's addicted to a death Fred very wanted no votes for Robert Stack now Carter or Buddy Epson Even though he always gets his man. I'm gonna have to play that team song all right Barnaby Jones isn't it in here No, it's not in there. I got it just huh? I thought it was okay. It just relax five six seven Old five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Come to QA and line one is working hello Yes, I'd like to add my name to the Anacitalist of 2000 free we left somebody out. Yeah Okay the guy that played Wilson on home improvement he died and late December And what was his name Last name was him Himman yeah, it's either filament or send me Okay, well, we're looking up look up make sure we get it right. Okay. I'm gonna get it on there. Thank you. Okay. I looked at up. Okay home improvement. Okay. Oh, you know who's gonna be next speaker That sounds a lot like what he just said Benny him Benny him. No, I'll tell you who's gonna be very close on the heels of that. I say it was great the police just me Larry Hagman. Oh, yeah He's right on the edge and you know what it's from Lifelong drickin problem man. As you know it's third liver They went out and they got him a whole bunch of liver with bacon and onions and a whole deal and it just the the keeps failing and he If they keep slicing it out and the cutting it up and heating it up for lunch and it just the ain't working on He buys them by the case his mother was Mary Martin right I Don't know yeah, okay, and then she got on that awful car crash don't you remember oh yeah, now she died right I would think I don't know there's so many freaking dead people the guy from home improvement is Earl him and Earl him and excellent. Okay. Let's get him on there Earl him and Zip that right up to Eric okay, because I know he's under a lot of stress first after what we did to me yesterday with 80 million names See I told you there'll be a few more did I say that no Hello John winner in Johnny cash well they are really I see I don't see the relationship even though they died a day apart Their name were John but other net. I don't see any relationship lots so ever do No, oh and there's that sparks your Abyss of Wilton Gregory from DC Leave that these finding shows that'll be tend to find a team are keeping our word however The completion of the audit and this report does not tempt us to be complacent The report now becomes a source of learning about how to build on What we are already doing well right molesting the altar boys right you're doing it very well Makes me sick of my stomach same old white wash for his case it light black wash Same old garbage now. What am I looking for I'm looking for uh, Barnaby Jones right And we you know we ought to do that again sometime all the way guess uh, maybe Eric ought to send me a list of all the polls that we've done In a sense we like leave a couple of years in between we haven't done that thing in a long time But about building it although I guess it kind of defeats the purpose I'm sure he saves the list You think May Eric where's the list baby and look at his number 54 don't you hate when it's a cut like way up Buddy actually the truth a little more respect because like what's the name used to say on channel 7 he always gets his man What was his name you'll loss oh Just right Oh There you go and poor buddy Episome is only and what else was he in? He wasn't just in Barclays Jones that bill release Oh, that's right the Beverly Hillbillies no wonder I can't stand him as a good Most crap what that was a good show that you never watched Beverly Hillbillies funny lines. They've made everything and everybody did he never watched But I'm pretty really good show that it on watches the Simpsons right I saw a little bit of that the other night I actually admitted I just don't have the patience for those shows I don't know what it is it was very funny and very Fighting and very The very twinger right on a rare shot at the right it was exactly was great But I just don't have the patience for it no mall the he hope it was made fun of Rednex And the Beverly Hills crowd 305 votes and poor buddy Epson is sucking wind band on there's only got one He's only got one vote even if red berries got one and we don't even know who the hell Fred very is I'm telling he was on some silly ass sitcom okay At 705 this morning's I would have said 705 because I top of this is chopped off a line One of the most chronic of all of them the most chronic facts of all reports Mohawk audited reported that the near-rodger show at 10 has been canceled due to lack of interest All right, absolutely and that's got reasons to say mode because he smells like vegetable soup his jewel is rainbow covered It's set of and so on and guilty says he gives happy hand jobs well there you go Guess what mo okay we got more people listen right now than listen your crappy as it's used for a radio show Pretty entire time you've been on a radio station. Okay. We know that some of your people are playing games with the diaries That's okay and happens with everybody but then he could have continued forever all right In fact one of these trends one of these months will come along and the anti-mo crowd is gonna get all the diaries They're gonna say no mo and you're gonna be up but Schmidt's quick is what you're gonna be and Then you'll have to carry that thing carry that baggage along we don't really give a crap no mo As if we got something to prove to his story old ass no wonder jelly don't want to be anywhere near him Did you ever find out the reason? No, maybe he's just gonna boycott until they put him on with the That great idea nice going jelly. I always knew he had like a little BB in there somewhere under that gigantic mammoth Snake 12 minutes past eleven at five sixty wqm it's the last mortgage you'll ever need the only one mortgage from parental group the benefits are Incredible zero closing cost zero application fees zero credit bureau fees zero discounted points Get the new low interest rate. It just 1.25% if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mere 134 bucks a month if you have a 200 thousand dollar loan all you pay a 60 eight a month and don't forget What's your be finance or get new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing cost again? So call them two day and find out about it call 1-800 nine for Oland get the low rate mortgage A deserved and then move to your next property without further cost of expense Zero underwriting fees zero dock fees zero closing cost even when you moved to another property Get the new low rate financing that you've been looking for it just 1.25% It's the only one mortgage from financial group for details call 1-800 nine for Oland and never ever pay closing costs again That's the financial group at 1-800 nine for OLE and D be sure until the Todd Dreck told you to call There were equal housing lender restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 4.21 APR to me Except for Alan Tabitha But we're working on that too So stay tuned and they will be I told you we let the whole bunch of important people off here because star tabloid sucks Okay, yes, we left off it come to mind immediately Rod Roddy We did lean him off of there. Let's put him on right away. I've got a list facts and it's it's gonna shock you at how How incomplete the star was the star sucks stick with the inquire of folks Anyway cocaine caused righteous brother death. I just to printed this out from the usian and website Okay, right just brother singer Bobby Hatfield's death in November. He died on my birthday November 5 Was caused by cocaine and not just heart failure quarterly official autopsy report sure took him out along a long enough time In it November 5 So I'm too freaking months for the autopsy report Dr Richard toker a toaker Chief medical examiner for Kalamazoo County told the Kalamazoo Gazette in today's editions at Hatfield death was triggered by a cute cocaine intoxication Hatfield 63 died November 5 just hours before watch his brother's concert He and his partner bill medley hits like unchain melody and the anxious you've lost at love and feeling This is a shock to me medley told the orange county California register for his new porch a beach California home I never saw him use cocaine I knew absolutely nothing about it If I had known I would have said something to him like oh, can I have something? Right, and you believe that No I mean these guys were together for about a hundred years. Oh I would have said something if I know he was Give me the whole blow and An initial autopsy found Hatfield had advanced coronary disease a heart attack due to the disease was listed on the steps to navigate However toker a toker said a final cause of death was not determined till after toxicology reports were completed But that's gonna be changed to be felt cocaine as the cause of death Tukers office received the report of cocaine intoxication December 24th But that's the day information to be released after the hot Ha ha ha ha After the holidays as a respect to Hatfield's family messages left Tuesday with Tuker and the William Morris agency that represent the richest brothers were not returned I can't imagine. Why Isn't that something weird that would be bad to tell the world right at Christmas time in new years that he was a Coke Yeah He took it up the nose what a ruin Christmas Yeah I would have been really bad and nobody would have looked at marches brothers brothers CDs for Christmas gift it wouldn't have been righteous. That's right. That's what they said in Requiem for a dream anyway. Oh look at this list. This is a lot better. This is excellent. Oh geez. I think we're screwed. Yeah. How about and the one that sticks out in my mind immediately is David Bloom of former channels of NBC news reported the one that died. He was a woman in that yeah in the right in the take from the he died from a culinary embolism. David Bloom. Or of Cups in it all you Chicago people out there how many Chicago people would go to man. Yeah George Tempton who was the all-around faker guy. Leon Yuras who wrote Exodus. Oh we better you better facts this to Eric already did. Holy crap. Alan Bates. Now why do I know that name? Who was Alan Bates? I don't know. Norlands brother. David Hemings. Donald O'Connor. There you go for all you old farts out there. Donald O'Connor. Singin' in the rain. Whatever it was in or that was Gene Kelly. Well something like that. A humcronen. You'd like to keep Jessica handy. Horst Buckholz who's that out of actor. Richard Krennaf. Famous bald head of kind of actor. Very good. Sydney Lastic who played Mr. Cheswick in Kukus knows. I want my cigarettes, Mr. Ratchet. He was great. Never saw him in anything else did you? I thought I could think of Mr. Cheswick. In fact, other than what's his name? What's his name? Nick Olson. Other than him. That was my favorite character. Although we did like Mr. Martinie too. Yeah. He had me to veto. Right. They were all good. I want my cigarettes, Mr. Ratchet. Billy was great. Billy was good. Billy was good. Billy you're getting a bathtub. Hope laying. Hope laying. Jesus. Singers. Bobby had field. Which we just mentioned only moments. Before go. Cheswick. You're hit parade. I bet your book of brand remember Cheswick. You know the other old farts like me. Wasn't my hit parade. It was your hit parade. Mr. Ratchet. There's nokey snookie lantern. Russell Arms. Darthie Collins. And Cheswick. Cheswick. And they used to sing the top 10 for each week. And blueberry hill. And they're things like that. And much of Mitch Miller song. Shebway the old purple people later guy. Warren Zivan. Won't see him no more. And Nina Simone. A jazz great. Remember Nina Simone? Nope. Wow. I said jazz great. So obviously. Directors, Elia Kazan, who turns out was a real asshole. John Slushinger. Lenny. Reef install. It said she would get a lot of votes from the anti-Semites. Oh that's right. She was the one that was Hitler's director. Oh that's right. The propaganda. Right. She made the propaganda movie for Elia. Shebway Lee. He's dead. Yeah. A medley of his smash. The purple people later. Athletes and coaches. Gertude Enterly. She was the great swimmer. She swam in English channel. Larry Dobby. Cleveland Indians. Now was he the first black player in Emerk and Lee? I believe he was. Jackie Robinson and Nationalist. Field that one. Josh would know that. I don't know what he knows. They're chets. Well Larry Dobby. I'm pretty sure was the first black baseball player in Emerk and Lee after Jackie Robinson broke the cover bearing the National League. There you go. David the busher. Oh by the way, speaking of the basketball players like David the busher build Bradley endorsed Howard Dean the Smoring, which we had on our website yesterday. But they did it. Howard Dean the man, baby. Let's push him up a little bit. Let's spin him up like a rattle and get him going like a whirling dervish line. You know the thing the fact that he's raised all this money off the internet and most of it is coming from living and breathing younger people. Right. That's a great time. Yes. That's a great time. And that pull that we had yesterday shows that he's only right now. For what is it? 5.5146 against Bush head to head. And a lot of crap is going to go down between now and November. Warren Spawn. Well, they all time great. One of the great left handers for the Milwaukee Braves won Spawn. I'm sure one of your favorites. And her books the former Penguin coach and Olympic coach. Oh, by the way, two by the way, two by the way, those Canadians losing the USA yesterday in the adjuniors. World Junior's hockey. Oh, they get so psychotic here. Man. It is so sad. If there's one thing that I could really not candid about. Yeah, it's one thing to love a sport. Okay. Like like America loves the NFL. They love their football. All that stuff. But it's one thing to love hockey, which I do. But it's another thing to become like neurotic about it. You know what I mean? And every one of these tournaments, which quite frankly, there's two goddamn any tournaments anyway. It's just they go, if you've been, for example, here's this morning's national post. Okay. Okay. And on the front page, here's a huge picture of the kid for America, scoring a winning goal, a Patrick O'Sullivan. And it says Star Golly's Gaff, hands gold medal to Americans. Do this? Keep in mind, this is the world juniors. These are 17, 18 year old kids or 16, whatever they are. And Mark Andre Florey is the goalier play for the penguins for a while and really was great. And he's going to be a great goal to enter the NHL someday. But in the meantime, so he hit a bad clearing pass. And accidentally, not to puck it was on that, and that was the decisive goal in the game. So on our front page, I saw that this morning, I thought the kid is 18 years old and just bearing him here now. He's never going to live this down. It probably have to leave the country. Mark Andre Florey. Poor frog. Oh, and here's Pete Rose on CNN. I wanted to change his subject. But let me just hit this about that. Okay. Yeah. I want you to stop and think of the illogic in this, all right? Finally, after 14 years, this lying sack of crap. And there's a great article in the same National Post about Pete Rose and the two reasons that he came clean. Number one to sell his book and number two, so he can give the Hall of Fame and cash in on it. So I guess that's three reasons. Well, it's all cash. So it can gamble as good stuff. He finally admits that he gambled on baseball and is autobiography. Now it's the big story. And we're all talking about it like right now on CNN. But it's a little surreal. I mean, for 14 years, we've been debating issues. But, but now he says he been on baseball, but he never bet against the reds. The team he managed. Okay. So if he lied to us for 14 years on a one hand, why is there supposed to be any credibility? We supposed to believe they never bet against his own team and fix them again. See what I'm saying? Right. When you admit number one that you were a liar, like the president for example, why should anybody believe anything else that you say? And they shouldn't asshole. What a what a oh man. 26 past 11. I said I wasn't going to talk about him. Don't let me forget to get to the rest of these. There's a few more on here. I can't believe what a horror incomplete job we did. So many dead people in so little time. Don't tell you really pisses off. No. Absolutely. Huh? I got the pull for tomorrow. Who's grave would you like to dance on? Huh? Isn't that a good way? Do they have to be in one yet? No. No, we're talking about people who aren't in one yet. All right. What living person? Well, we'll find a way to phrase it. We'll do that tomorrow. Would you like to dance on their grave? And of course I keep in mind a cover of our CD this year to best of me or I'm farting on most grave? All the crap you could unwrap. That's what I gave you. Much crap as I could get to the back of my pantaloonies. 27 past 11 at five 60 WCM. Does this sound like you underpaid and overworked? You'd like to have a new high-paying career, but you don't have four years to waste on college. You're certainly maybe not the money to go and get the college education. If this does sound like you fast train has your solution. Pick up the phone and call fast train toll free at 1-866-fast train. Fast train can have you train and certify for a real high-paying computer network professional career or high-paying medical computer specialist career and as soon as four months, that is correct. You can be fully trained already for your new career and as little as four months. Think about it. And just for short months, you can be on your way to a new high-paying career. Whether you're working full-time or part-time, fast train offers convenient day-eating weekend classes. They also offer job placement assistance and financial aid to people of qualified. Fast trains got locations conveniently located all over South Florida. They're in Miami, Kindle, Fort Lauderdale, and prestigious Pembroke Pines. Chances are there's a location nearby you. So don't wait pick up that phone's change your life forever called fast train today. 1-866-fast train or check them out on the web at fastrain.com. That's 1-866-fast train, don't delay, call them two days. 560-W-U-A-U-A-U is proud to announce how our endeavoured he is dead. Forget about it. Curts are really after days of intensive shock therapy. Management emerged with a brand new line-up for the vacationing Howard David starting tomorrow. Wake up with the Joe Markets' Ungeo. Let's start doing a Kazansky gift practice for Dancing on Most Grave. I don't know. I'm sure there is. There are. 1131 at 560-W-U-M. We got the mad dog at 2-Div booster in for the A-Link Humperate 4 for the Load. And the big O at 7. Oh! Let's see. I think I got through the interlaced denied David Bloom or Cupsonet, George Puntin Leonures. Got your mom. Thanks a lot Mark. I happy to hear you too. How come you didn't read his comment there after the David Bloomland? About the politicians? No, they're not. No, when you stop, you're just an O-John Provocator. A few huge George Bush, you killed him. He's right, but he killed a lot of other people too. Right. The butcher of Washington. I'm going to get that guy. I'll upset who yesterday was calling in a congratulatory me about the way the format of the show is now. And this is what the audience wants to hear about. And you know, well, you know something that's fine. But that doesn't mean we're going to lay off on a W. Not a chance. Not a Chinaman's chance. In fact, we're going to exert enormous effort to make sure that all of the Howard Dean people vote. 500, 600 times this fall just to make damn sure. In fact, who the hell were they to owe? They had neither on yesterday on cross far. You didn't see that. Did you know I did not. Lucky. But at any rate. Oh, but what a what a result. Old, you get physical pomp as assias. I mean, he says a lot of things that are right. Of course, like he always has, right as Eagle always gets in the way. Good heart, that body. And Paul, uh, begallum made a good point. He had the chart. He showed I think it was 92,000, 97,000 votes that the leader got in Florida. And then also a new Hampshire. Those two states he was the difference in in Florida, New Hampshire, which either one of them. New Hampshire's got five electoral votes in Florida, 20 whatever the hell we got. 27. That would have done it. Turn it over to Gore. And you see, well, you know, uh, uh, Gore only got 38% of the vote that would have gone to me. And Bush got 11% in the rest wouldn't have voted at all. And the begallus said incorrectly. So, well, that certainly would have been more than enough to make the difference. Wouldn't it, Ralph? And then he goes on about what you want to be talking about the, uh, Bush people who stole that election because Gore did when the election, the audio, the audio, and his begall pointed out. Yeah, but if you wouldn't have been in there, I wouldn't have been close enough for them to steal it. Which seems to me, I've said that a million times or at least everyone. Right. On air is there picking the jury from Martha Stewart. Put that bitch in jail for about 25 years. She can like work in a mess hall in the commissary, right? Cleaning up messes. She can know she can be the chef. Right. Make some pineapple tea. Then that'll suit whatever those people in there have done. That'll let us serve them right. 560, pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. W to Q a m. I think how you doing? Pretty good. Good. Are real quick. Um, Alan F. He was a British actor and was with Anthony Clinton, sort of in the Greek. Right. And, uh, yes, Larry Dobby was the first American American in the American League. Absolutely correct. Yes, yes, sir. Um, one thing on Pete Rose you'd mentioned, I agree with y'all a way around except just one thing. Uh, I do believe he better than the reds. But I do think that he, uh, how do we know that? How do we know that? How do we know that? How do we know that he better than the reds? Yeah. It's long. This is just a gut feeling. I mean, you know, I just think that he bet on the team, but I think you always bet on them the win because he had such an ego that I just don't think you could allow himself to, uh, to you can think of a loss. You know, I mean, let me just put it to you this way. His gambling habit is so strong and so bad that nothing would surprise me. That's my personal feeling. Yeah, not here. It's possible. He may have, that's true. You know, but Ben, you're the other Where does this newfound credibility come from all of a sudden after somebody had missed a lie to you for 14 years? And we had it on tape somewhere, where he says, I never been on baseball. I never been on Cincinnati Reds baseball. And I was his position for 14 years. Now all of a sudden he's peddling a book and he wants to get in the hall of fame so he can make some money off. But, and now all of a sudden we're supposed to believe anything he says. Yeah, I know, I know it's just to do this. It's tough to believe. The guy definitely, uh, you know, not very, trust, great player, but not not much of a person. I think what they ought to do is stick his ass in the hall of fame and in the record books, put an ass to where Snacks to Wood say, Scumbag. All right. Thanks a lot, Paul. Yeah, they ought to have like the Scumbag division. In other words, these players were great players. No question about it, but they were Scumbag, the little side room there off the hall. Exactly. The Scumbag section of the hall of fame. 567. 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, Marlis line, speaking of Scumbags, Limbaugh wins more time to keep medical records private. Worse Limbaugh's medical records or main off limits to prosecutors for at least another 15 days while as attorneys pursue an appeal to permanently seal them, a judge who had yesterday. Limbaugh's attorneys act for the extension while they appeal the judges earlier decision-lawing prosecutors to examine the files for evidence that the conservative hypocritical radio commentator illegally purchased painkillers. Investigators seized the records last month at discovering that Limbaugh received more than 2,000 painkillers, prescribed by four different doctors over six months, at a pharmacy near his Palm Beach mansion. Limbaugh's former mate told investigators she'd been supplying in prescription painkillers for years. Limbaugh admitted his election to prescription painkillers and October saying it stem from a severe back pain. He took a five week leave of Riyati Adiyati to rehab. His attorneys argue that seizure records from doctors in Florida and California violated his privacy and that investigation was politically motivated. How do you like that? Yeah. Everything is politically motivated. It's like everybody's out to get Michael Jackson and everybody's out to get this one and that one and Yati Adiyati. I mean just your average ordinary guy he's in a lot of pain. He gets two or three 4,000 pills every couple of months right? Right. Of course he's always supported the use of drugs for pain, legal or illegally. Oh now look at this. Dean says in his facts, I like this poll a lot but maybe you can get a better response by playing to the Tushoff Road of Sensibilities and... He's all in. Here's a guy that really understands South Florida dumb man. He says by playing to the Tushoff Road of Sensibility and ask the question, which celebrity death made you the happiest in 2003? It's his Eric will love you because he can use the same list today. Oh you know what we can do tomorrow? No no no no we don't want to do it. You already got tomorrow as I can't wait for that. No and noon we can turn it around. Well keep the same list, Eric will just change the question. Right. Right. Yeah it just reset it with a different question. Which celebrity death made you the happiest in 2003? That Eric can be on the list for 2004. P.S. there's one small time between Johnny Cash and John Ritter. I'm aware of it. It says John Ritter's father was textwitter. I dreamed I went to Hillbilly Heaven. You remember that song? Of course not. I can't have a record as I mentioned Book of Brandt does. That was a big smash man. Hillbilly Heaven textwitter. An old-time pepper question singer died in the 70s. I imagine Ritter and Cash probably met. Good point Dean, excellent. Excellent. Thanks. How do you like that? I like Dean. I'm telling you man we're doing it. We got a long way to go. One little tiny baby step at a time. We got to like win back the audience and build it all over again. Like it's like if you're building a house and somebody comes along we old the big bad wolf or whatever and blows it all down and you got to like brick by brick put it back together again because Greg Reed keeps blowing it. Loan it down or just blowing it. What do we got so far in this one? Don't make sure Rire you got the question? Nope. What do you mean no? You said by the fan? No. Which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you? We're going to be changing this at noon. Which one made you the happiest? 388 whole bunch of people don't have any yet. See a better hurry. A lot of the ones we just added from March list there. Whole bunch have got none. Heume Cronin. I don't even want to read all them. Just a whole bunch. Now Carter's got one. Horst Buck holds one. Warren spawn one. Warren Zivan. One. Two for Robert Stack and Buddy Fcdon and Fredbury. Robert Stack should be doing better. Robert Stack was great even if it was only on unsolved mysteries. Right? And that was that submarine show. And what about his brilliant performance in airplane? Airport airplane. Whatever it was he only in touchables. Anywhere across on the touchables of course was he on the untouchables? He hit when I was watching that. Right. The power stack was great. David Bloom five. Buddy Hackett six seven for David Brinkley, Robert Palmer, Gregory Heinz and Charles Bronson. Nine for Katherine Hepburn. Ten for Gregory Peck. 12 for Bob Hope. 14 Dr. Bob Hackens. Sidia Cruz 15. Very white 15. Fred Rogers 19. Art Carnie 24. Johnny Cash 46. John Ritter 50. I'll write a couldn't stand him. And I don't give a Schmidt about any of them. 127 32 and a half percent. So get those votes if you want to participate in that poll. Because it is extremely scientific. Get them in there before noon because we're going to do a little bit and switch. John, but are just seen very swishy to me. I don't know. Very, I don't know. Fane. Yeah, right. Right. That doesn't mean anything. There's plenty of people who seem to fade. 19 till noon at five 60 WQM. If you're planning on replacing your carpets because they don't look new or maybe you're thinking about having your carpet or your rubs or drapery professionally clean. Here's the answer for you. Here's the solution. Call a good folks at dry concepts. Because of the best in the business had making your carpets look like brand new. And of course they've been keeping my carpets clean for over 20 years in different joints. How many places have I lived in last 20 years? A few about 30. Sanitize. No, not quite. Sanitize your home today by using dry concepts. Certified train technicians. They'll dry clean your carpets. Same idea is dry clean. You're clothing. Leave them look and just like brand new. Fabric and color soft to the touch. And they dry in just a couple of hours so you can clean today and really entertain tonight. Nobody does it like these folks. And no rip off. No game. No scams. They'll give you a guaranteed written price up front before they start doing a work. And when you call dry concepts you should ask hard to say 15% on your next copper cleaning job by having you up. Then push on your stand by list. Call them today. Tool free. 1-800-248-507-1. Now that all opinion the S company from the holidays has gone, time to get that house back in tip top shape. Call dry concepts in 1-800-248-507-1 or check them on a web at dryconcepts.com. The cold, vile stormy day in Hollywood with one of the biggest mysteries of my illustrious career unfolded right here in our all-known self-missory studios. One of the finest television shows ever to grace the airwaves here on NBC was about to be kids. At 10.45 a time included in my still razor-sharp memory forever. The inexplicable happened. That is when the TV program that served as the flagship of the NBC television una, namely un-solved mysteries, was then ceremoniously canceled by a bunch of eggheads! It has been suggested however that the seemingly perfectly normal intelligent NBC executives could have been under the influence of the FOMO or perhaps some form of alien mind control or what the hell maybe it was something in the water? Nobody knows. Well maybe you'd like me to take a guess something about ratings huh? Well maybe I should have pulled an Ellen and started French kissing my stage manager on the air. That came out real communication. You too Steve. You too Kevin. Come here let me play. That's the rating score. Robert, you're not going to hold him yourself. Aww. I'm sorry this is Robert Steffen, so mystery. fun Oh, that's cool. A deaf hero, God actually. A boring rubber track, guys. Kelly is mad. Oh, God. She learned something right there. I bet you never knew it was a dizzy loop production. Right, I did. Baba Lou. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I'm so amazed. Andy, I'm touched. I'm going to see three votes in this hard ass audience. What's the tough crowd, man? It is a tough crowd. If both of the people on this list, if they would have had to perform their entire careers in some photo, they'd have never made it. Catch my drift. I caught it. 560560, palm 560 on the AT&T and for those are great. I'd see it. That Dean had turned in this pull around. He's got his thumb on a positive baby. Oh, wait till you're this story. I don't know why because this happened on Sunday. But for some peculiar reason, it just, I don't know. They just kept it off in quiet. Was it Sunday or Saturday? I tell you already is Tuesday. A Saudi Arabian man was charged with curing three pyrotechnic devices on an aircraft and then lying to federal agents about the devices after landing at Logan International Airport in Boston. Do you hear the story? Nope. I mean, they have had it on, but it won't like in the last 24 hours. S.M. Mohamed Al-Mohandus. 33 of Riyadh Saudi Arabia was arrested Saturday after a search by US Customs and Border Protection agents of his carry on luggage turned up three small firecracker type devices. When questioned Al-Mohandus initially said they won't have been cylindrical devices or artists crayons or pens, then he said they didn't know what they were or how they got into his backpack. After initially saying it packed his own bag, he later said his wife may have put some items in a backpack. He also said he did not know what the items were, but that he had seen them around his house previously. He said he didn't know why they were in his bag. Al-Mohandus flew on Lufthansa from Riyadh to Frankfurt, Germany, then I connect him flight to Boston. He told officials he had flown to Boston on business. Al-Mohandus appeared briefly on a charges Monday in US District Court. He's being held in federal custody, depending on the detention area he scheduled for Thursday, if convicted he faces up to five years in prison on a false statement chart and up to ten years on the charge of carrying an incendiary device on an aircraft. Sounds a little bit strange to me. Another Saudi, I just mentioned that in passing. Yeah. You know your buddy William Rivers Pit? Who? You pull one of his great stories on our website while I was on Bigger. Hold that in the right on there. I thought you were talking about some sports guy again. William Rivers Pit. Not Mickey Rivers. William Rivers Pit. Not the University Pit. Not the Pittsburgh penguins who are the pits. Well, how's that, friends? That franchise has gotta be around a couple of years. Oh, brother. What a joke. Thanks to the two points last night, by the way. Thanks for the late Christmas and Hanukkah gift. William's Rivers Pit is New York Times best selling author of two books. War on Iraq and the greatest edition of silence. And there's an article that said our website today that is so good from Tompain.com. I just, eventually, don't let me forget. I gotta get around. Even though I don't want to read a whole bunch of this stuff on here and no more all the time. But just every now and then. Trust me when I tell you. The hit, well, can I read you the first, uh, I don't want to do it. I will just give the T's teaser. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. We're talking about dead people today. All the dead people all the time. They're dropping like flies. But somewhere up in the sky, our county is looking down on this show and saying, thank you so much for having 27 votes. Is it any? Sure, what that. Somewhere around Brandon and, uh, what's his name? What was his name? No. And Norton are probably on the bus together right now. WDQAM. Hey, is yours? How big are you, Pern? Is yours? No, you want to talk to George? Oh, you're back. I'm sorry. Yes, sir. I'm not really going to show right now. I just wanted to bring up something. I heard the other day and it's really freaking out about how you guys, um, you know, I'm here. How you guys, you know, you could call these, um, chronic colors and say they say have no life. And all that. But let me tell you, I know something's worth the net. I have to have no life. I just drove down the road. I'll be guys, standing on the side of the road with the tall crawls that say Jesus loves you and stay in there. I know. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I mean, I don't know what to say. I want to be doing stand here. Did I work? No, no, where is this? Where is that thing you've been driving? You're on a way to go? I'm waiting for it. I'm going to bring it up. Oh, my God. Wow. And now the side of the road here, like Simon, right to the road when you think you're in crosses. And there's a kind of muffler, there's shoulder standing there on the side of the road. And Jesus loves you. I'm like, and it's so sick that I'm leaving over there. I can't, I mean, that you didn't got no life to be able to stand there. I have no life. I want to go. I can't. I can't walk man. I'm going to say what you're going to do that. Is it a door to the base? You're going to get out of there, man. You're a God's country now. You're going to get out of that joint. But you know, why do you know the school that we're at your great for kids? I lived at Fort Laudeau Hollywood for 25 years. Yeah. And the school's over here is so incredible. It's so quiet, peaceful, and it's great. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. There's hours of Bible pass over to you. But other than that, it's probably pretty good. Yeah, but I just flow them off. You know, I don't deal with those people. They don't. Yeah, a few good. That's what I say. Okay. Probably like you hanging out of the body. Okay. But you have many acts running around. Big crosses on a West Coast saying Jesus loves you. I have no light. Right. When you stop and think about what do those people, what do they do? What do they do? They do them. The Jesus Christ is the one who's standing like here in Toronto. Any big city. There are people standing on street corners, pedaling crap. But I was an Amsterdam. Did I didn't tell you this? Maybe I did. Why don't know. There was some girl. I said like mid 20s. Not very ugly. I mean, that's why she was doing this. She wasn't going to be doing anything else. She had, you know, glasses very studious kind of luck. Look at. And she was on a street corner with her own big cardboard sign. Jesus is the way. Whatever the hell it said. And she stood on the street corner of the damwack. Like right on the ass end of the damwack, which is the windyest corner. All Amsterdam. By the way, where turns around toward the hotel Victoria, whatever that is. And she's, uh, babble and babble and babble and here comes this island guide to make who in or whatever he was. And he's going on about, uh, well, Lucifer this and Lucifer that and she, yeah, yeah, I mean, it was just, it was hysterical. But the island people, those are the really, really. Wow. Waco. Probably too much of that bad weed. Let's see. It says was that Robert Stak the guy to play in Jane West and the wild wild west. No way. No chance. Robert Conrad. Robert Conrad. It was a very good looking man. I guess that's a Johnny wants to know. Yeah. Robert Conrad. Who's a real stud. Is he still alive? Robert and then he's got to be dead too, don't I? I think he's still kicking. Robert Conrad is still alive. What's that website, boy? It's uh, where to, better alive info.com. Better or hop on that. Go in there. And Claire reminds one of her about Robert Conrad with a sea. We know about William Conrad. I'm mad unfortunately. Who you didn't like? I liked him fine. You did not because he was on a cop show. He was on canon. It was silly. He was a big fat guy and he used to like, you know, drive that mercury marquee. And. And always get it banged up at the next day. It looked just fine. He must have known fat Rich has brother and law. But I was a pretty sad situation. William Conrad was so great. And you didn't like him. Robert Conrad is still alive. William Conrad also was the voice of Matt Dylan and Gunsmoke on a radio. You know that 100 years ago. Yes. You told me that. I see. Which celebrity death of 2003 better get to this? Because it's a two at noon when a little hand hits the big hand. This is going to change all of a sudden. It's going to make the change. 437 votes George. In less than in much less than two hours. Well, you ready for that? Let's see 750 for our 38 minutes. What is Brittany? It's he's on Donut. Now Brittany Spears is living the single life again. She and her hometown friend Jason Allen Alexander have been granted. Oh, man. He is so southern. Such a porkey. He could have been in porkeys. Now that I think of it. He looks like them. Then porkers in porkeys. What a loser. Yahoo. Dr. Drulling. Louisiana Redneck. And she allegedly was banging him or whatever. Yeah. He was presumed. No, seriously. Let's hook her up with a good looking guy. Okay. Let's hook her up with somebody like Tom Welling. I never wanted that. Now see the hurt. I get swallowing the seer doing Tom. Oh, sure. Which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you? I don't give a Schmidt about any of 138. 31. Well, he says good little bit better. Johnny Cash 53. John Ritter 51. Art Carney 27. He's looking down from the big bus in the sky right now. What is plunger? Fred Rogers 22. See the crew 17. Very white 15. Dr. Robert Atkins 15. You know, I was thinking I had a treat on King Louis. The round of a couple nights ago and Jane Meadows was on there. What a shame that she's still alive. Audrey Meadows died. Oh, well. Bob Hope 13. Katherine Hepburn 11. Gregory Peck 10. Robert Palmer made a little bit of move. They were addicted to Robert Palmer 9. David Bloom 9. Good guy. Gregory Heinz 8. Charles Bronson 7. David Brinkley 7. I think when David's eyes started following the sockets that was the first he was illin. You remember that? Mm-hmm. That's what Charles Bronson 7. David Brinkley just went up to eight. But he hecked six. Robert Stack only three even after all this big promo. I just gave him damn it. Warren Zivan three. Her books. Buddy Epsom. Three. All right. Rod Roddy's got a pair. Pyrus Oaks suits that he bought in Thailand. Yeah. He made a lot of trips to Bangkok. Lovely. Rod Roddy 2. Fred Barry 2. Uh, do we find out who Fred various farts are? No. Come on. He wasn't someone who's awful less at cons. Uh, no Carter one. Warren spawn one. Horst buck holds one. And no votes. None. For Richard Krenna, Sydney Lastic, hope lying. Bobby had field of the righteous brothers. All those as booby on there. Juzal McKenzie from your hit parade. She played to violin, you know. And I think she was Canadian. Sheb will a purple people later on. Earl Henman nun. Nina Simone Eliakazan. John Sleson's your nun. Uh, Gary Ray Arrephan. Uh, that Nazi nun. Uh, Gerthwood Eddley. Larry Dobby. Dave DeBusher. Alan Bates. David Heming's Donald O'Connor. Earl Cupsonit. George Clinton. Leon Eurus. And him Kronen. Have the big. Oh, my God. None. Even for Donald O'Connor. And that's where's Yemeni Chicago people. We haven't saw Florida. None. Earl Cupsonit. He wrote Cups column. And there he was a gossip guy. At least he was a real guy. Not a silly self-hating pansy like Miss Fudge. I have no life. Exactly. Not some agency where like pink panties. So pink panties. Well, listen to the New Roger show like Miss Fudge. Do you think he's doing his end. Uh, what's in there? The wolf dog right now. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, four, hundred and forty two votes. George, it's the, it's the, it's the, it's the, it keeps George off the earpole. Oh, my God. And look. Oh, I just bought 20, five, six. You're way too, man. Earl, it beat it. Well, the one hour on WQAM. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. And culture is a party girls' life. Party girls' life. Party girls' life. Oh. Oh. Oh. And culture is a party girls' life. Party girls' life. Party girls' life. Party girls' life. Oh. Oh. Oh. And culture's life. Hey guy, Fred. Now his match is perfect. Now his match-like-s replaced the set. And his match-diments replaced the set. And his match-a-ammata-al-al-al-al-al-al- Regarding-ha-a-al-Al-al-Al-Al-al-al-al-al-al-al-al-al-al-al-al- Batt-d-al-al-al-al-al-al-al-al-al-al-alThe All av�-rul-do-do-do- The monster of the girl who wants to be a media home and prefers it on top quiver. You are far, always lady is what I'll give you. She's got a book to read about, Sandra Ring. Nobody knows her about, Sandra Ring out with a big suitcase, about anyone to the left of Mangala. Such a good Christian girl, you want to strengthen her. Fontick again, who she's hating? Political fontif, the game's from, on the plot, and masturbating. A Republican stinky home. She's a better relation home. Make good liberal, as dirty as you know. In a mini-stirt show in Camelto. And coat the nose, what they could be. In a mini-stirt that spells fishy. She's a tall drink of water on the side of the lawn, or with a back alley look to be like a broad scholar. If you got some money, you'll spread those paints with a cigarette and a sharp snake. And fill the ring, dull their political abundance, the edge of the rock. At the G.C.A. C.C.A. I'm all one at five, 60, W.C.A.M. happy Tuesday, too. And man, you can spell it. You can feel it. Can't you? Run away back. In fact, I just stayed in my own mind. I'm dedicating the winter rating book, January for Boring March, this year, to stick in it up Moses. Oh, do I say it? I'd ever heard anybody dedicate something to an action before. That's a good idea. I'm dedicating this rating period to sticking it right up Moses. I'm telling you that right now, we're going to say that every single day. All of us in South Florida. That's our goal. January for Boring March. Starting an April, you can take it back out again. Now, I just saw a piece here on CNN of the corner of my eye before this Prince's Diana crap again. They showed the real winner of the mega millions, uh, lottery. Okay. The real winner. The one who actually has the ticket. Right. Okay. You think she was the one who went to the police saying that she dropped her person lost the ticket? No. No. No, it's not her. Using flashlights and braving the, braving the winter cold, several people scour to convenience store parking lot and hopes of pouncing on $162 million mega millions lottery ticket, a woman claimed she lost their. Who do we believe more? Her Pete Rose. The free for all with Sparkman and Alicia battle of Cleveland, Fauda Police Report, saying she dropped her person. She left the quick shot food mart last week after buying the ticket. She said she realized after the drawing the summer 30 if that's the ticket was missing. After news of Alicia battles police reports spread Monday night, people walked through snow and frigid temperatures to try to find the ticket in the store parking lot, which I'm sure if they would have found it they'd return to poor Alicia. Of course, I would have. I decided to come back to see if I could find a winning ticket said Leveron Coleman 50 seven says she would keep the winnings of sheep found the ticket. Alicia's honest right. Battle 40 would not talk about these specifics of when she bought the ticket. How she lost her even if she was a regular lottery player, she planned a news conference Tuesday to announce the reward. Little bit late, sweetheart, too late. I'm praying that somebody finds the ticket brings it forward and gets rewarded and from there will all live happily ever. She said she cried as he talked to the AP at her home Monday night. Police say battle was in tears when she came to the station to Friday to follow report and didn't hesitate when asked to write down the winning numbers. She memorized them real good. Anyway, the bottom line is she's made the whole story up. She's out the winner. The real winner was just presented the check. Another Schwarz and other black lady, young New Zealanders. She looked like a real human being. Talk about her work as you know, pretending that she's not a crazy person, which is the answer. Nice trial, Alicia. But guess what? And the board goes back. Okay, now what's going to be really interesting? I give up because now the poll is on there today through tomorrow morning reversed. And one of the things that's going to be really interesting is the McDene's point where on the first poll, I don't give a Schmidt about any of them. We got 31.1%. We had 457 votes more or less right. That's still going to win. No, no, you're missing my point. But will a percentage be significantly different, see? See my point? Good point. Because now the question isn't which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you? The question is, which celebrity death of 2003 may do the happiest happy happiness being underlined? So what did you vote for? Bob Hope. I mean, he was 150 years old for Christ's sake. Plus he was never never said a funny thing in his life. And you? That Nazi, buddy. Oh, here, but who now really knew about that? I saw those pictures. Quit sucking off to the Jews. Oh, please. Which celebrity death of 2000 is we made you the happiest? Now we just got a smattering on there. 30.7% say, I don't give a Schmidt about anything. And that's four. Let me see, it just changing again. Oh, no. 45% say they don't give a Schmidt. And that's interesting. It's just the opposite what I thought. John Witter's got two. That's bad. That is terrible. Which does he think? Heartless crew. Well, we're asking in their opinion, you know, sub to you folks. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Is it a good way in hell? QAM. What is it? Yeah, but I call it a signal. Speaking. Yeah, I was calling about a friend Barry, but he missed on the radio earlier. Hello? Yeah. Yeah, I've read many once the guy was thinking rerun. Oh, we go. Yeah, I don't know what's happening. Yeah, that's why I just called it earlier. Thanks a lot, Palai. Appreciate the info. Okay, and five. He was rerun. Right. How could I have no idea what that is? Oh, what was the short guide show? What's happening? Possibly one of the worst shows ever. Well, he's dead. So I guess, you know, though rerun could dead. I guess maybe you're going to be thinking you want to vote for him. Um, now how come? Let's see, in case you don't already have this, I already have that copy. I already did the copy. Somebody told Hiboy that you were bitching about copy. So he brought it. No, it's not because I didn't have the copy. It's because it says at this time of the year, if you have company in your house, companies all gone holidays are over. Okay, fat boy. That was the problem. You fat, top of crap. Bob Eisenberg today, you tomorrow. And also maybe that would give rid of his neighbor, Dave Friedman, but I doubt it. And if Dave Friedman's listening, Hi, how are you? See, I'll save you the trouble myself. In fact, Hi, how are you? There's a bonus one for you just to keep you satisfied. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Well, maybe that's a good thing, though, that 47.3% now say, they don't give it to you. You wish me to mount any of them. In other words, they're not happy that anybody that out of things so, though. You'll have to sort of vote it for Elia. Why? Because he was an asshole, right? Turned coat back, stabbing, sellout. India, Kazan. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. This sounds like me. Oh, is this QAM? Yes, sir. Oh, I was trying to reach Neil. You're talking to him. Oh, sorry about that. For me, I'll be right back. Don't be saying that. Yeah, the name that you were looking for, that's Fred Barry guy. Like, he played rerun on what's happening. I'll be damned. Yep, that was a guy. Okay, thanks a lot. You're welcome, see ya. Yeah. Fred Barry played rerun. What's happening? Never saw that show. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What's not to like? You know what I'm saying? What is not to like? By the way, one thing we're going to do tomorrow in 2004. What's your problem? What's your problem? Yeah, right. Yeah. Give him a little bit more appeal. WQAM. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Is Neil there, please? Speaking. Hey, Neil. How are you? Good, how's George? George is, he's still the same. Same problem. I got two names for your list. What about George Harrison and where he's fifth? Oh my god, I feel so bad. James, James, same on you. Right. Shame on star magazine too. And that other list. We're, thanks a lot. You're welcome. Have a great new year. You know, George Harrison, well, now what do we do now? What we should have done in the beginning, although everybody. We're screwed. It's go to that website. They definitive the one that I'm finding all the answers to all the answers. Right. They have a index fight. What are we doing now? Go home. Just play Jingle and leave. Oh, god, now we're going to put them on this list and that's bad. George Harrison and who is the other one? Marie Skib. Morris Skib. And now you got to play that bit. No, no. Play what bit. Oh, I can't figure it out. Oh, maybe you can remember. I was standing there one day. Not thinking I would come from being able to make you the Jesus. I should never eat the dog. Oh, no. I'll take back most of the chapters. Right. My foul. How can you die from the fact of thoughts? You're letting these butcher doctors in. Now my heart stopped. You've worked so fine. I'm so sorry. I just didn't know what to expect living in my having. With the kind of service you get in this town. I would act to be too far away. Here, by dinner, eat that round. I swallow. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Why did you live me so you could last? Why did you lose and get it right? My foul was blocked inside my heart. Can't take my church go out. If you're not. If you're not. If you're not. So I guess we have no choice but to put George Harrison and Morris give on this list of which one made you the happy is they would have booked on well on the first one. No, to think. Absolutely. So let's just for the sake of argument say they both did really well. All right. Huh? Sure. What a stress. They George Harrison. What's not to like man? Right. See 57 votes. I don't know. This one maybe Dean is wrong. Maybe the people of South Florida will not participate in this poll because they just want to show that he's wrong, that he's reading everybody wrong down there. People are very, very loving and caring and emotional and have tremendous empathy, etc. and so on. Why are they voting for Rod Roddy? They didn't like those suits. Let's see. Oh, look at this. Guess what? Fred Barry was the fat ass we run on what's happening. Do you know that? It was a brochure in the 70s. What a brochure. It says for while in the 70s, Fred Barry is on the biggest stars on American TV. Could have fooled me. The former dancer who became a star in the sitcom. What's happening? Ballooned until his weight became a threat to his health. He battled with food, drink, drugs and women marrying six times before women in total. Hi, I beat these with diagnosed. He lost more than 100 pounds in turn to religion, didn't help. Born in St. Louis, Missouri in 51, Barry danced with the lockers, but it was the sitcom deal in 76 to give him his big break. The series ran for three seasons. After was canceled, Barry struggled with personal problems and with the search for another star vehicle. The series was popular through reruns and a further series. What's happening now? In fact, if he was still alive, we could do what's happening right now. It was picked up in 185, ran for three years after which Barry and then we could do what's happened next week. After which he gave a packing for religion, he returned to the screen in 1998 for the action movie in the hood. And his final role was a cameo in Diki Roberts. Oh, I see. Diki Roberts former child star in 2003. Very died October 1st, 2003, age 252. Well, all I've fat all night religion. Well, that's not a, that's not, I don't think we're warning that right, are we? Oh, I think we are. Huh? Why not? Well, maybe none of them made them happy. Maybe that's the way we should afford it. I don't know. Hey, listen, we'll do the best we can. I'm very difficult circumstances with the enormous numbers of deaths. See, when I, when I sat down and I thought to myself, well, certainly the star being a bit major tabloid printed right there in Lantana. Certainly the star wouldn't be a dick in around with us and maybe anybody important. Now come to find out they let out how many people have turned in there. About 100. Nice going, man. So it's a Schlok publication. Look, I said stick with the inquiry. Don't give you the straight poop. For 13 at 560 W. You haven't speaking of poop, you know, some of those mere replacement. The bars in the drinks, they'll make you do a lot of that. But not enter by diabetic. In fact, what a great mere replacement is because it tastes good. It doesn't have any crap in it. Anybody who's either diabetic or wants to cut down a sugar intake ought to be drinking, enter by diabetic. It's sweetened with splendor made from sugar. So there's no after nasty aftertaste like you would ask for tamar saccharine, recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a big hurry. Enter Rectiabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life plus fiber and antioxidants yet its low in saturated fat and cholesterol. It's also gluten-free and lactose-free. If you're a gluten for punishment and 8 ounce can can provide 237 calories of easily that is to nutrition. Try and Rectiabetic once an Icarin T. You'll never go back to whatever you were drinking before. Even George liked it. Or no, you didn't like it to be selected. You didn't try, did you? Did you try it? Yes. Okay, I said George is a full crap. In fact, I may know that seriously. I had it when I was there and I liked it a lot and the beast liked it too so you're an ass. Anyway, the makers are so sure you're going to love Interarch Diabetic to give it a way. Free full-size samples in vanilla and chocolate flavors. Anybody who calls their toll-free number, 1, 866, 366, 83739 or fast-dryed order for yourself on the internet at the Entirex Diabetic.com that's ENT-ER-EX diabetic. And then just click on Free samples. Tell them that they'll send you for the delicious one and get an additional special gift. And you can also pick it up all over town now. It's at publics, Walgreens, Echards, Novara, Sedano, CVS, Adorco, Pharmacies. But if you want your free sample call at toll-free number two day, 1, 866, 366, 37, 39. And look, this is Port Real 566, way to way. Stink program. I urge everyone to complain to the station. Don't make mistakes when you bust Robert Gray. Oh, no, no. Don't go it. Don't love it. I'm like a jay, this guy won't get away. No, come get your money. And say goodbye to the rent. Because the earth made me think no was better. He's guilty man and I'm mean not. Just wait and see when it's on court TV. Yeah. Bye bye bye bye bye bye. Bye bye. Hey, Tina, we're so easy man. She calls her and gives us that song and dance about George Harrison. And thanks to Phil and Earl Springs points out that George Harrison died, Nov. 29, 2001. Seems like just yesterday. Seems like only yesterday. My sweet Lord. 2001 he died. So that's like not even close. But one out of two, I guess ain't bad. She's batten 500. Morris give died, January 13, 2003. And Mount Sinai, where they bushed him up real good folks. There's a real good lesson for you. Mount Sinai, hospital on Miami Beach unless you're really ready to go in and not come out. That's a place to stay away from. I'm putting the freaking master list from this site. It's like a road to motel man. It's like the road to motel. You check in but you probably won't check out. Nice job on my call. By the way, Mount Sinai, you assholes. You grave robbers. You. I still remember that phone call. And that bit that we played. It's seriously. If somebody, if one of these brothers would have just had one or two Duke of Lacks. You know what I'm saying? Get it out of his system. His twisted kishki's. He would have probably been okay. Probably still be with us today. Rubbin is bald spot. But no. With celebrity death of 2003, may you be happy. Now maybe we should have done this. We got sucked into the do. This maybe it's not a good idea. What do you think? That's a good idea. Oh, 91 votes. I guess it might be in about less than 20 minutes. I don't give a shmit about any even 43, 47.2%. So that means, you know, that means that the audience is much more benevolent and much more kind and caring than Dean thought, at least so they profess to be. And look. No. This is bad. Just when we're trying to mend our fences with our Julio audience out there. It's an 80. Look who's leading. I'm a 24. I'm a 24. Sweet. 10 votes for senior crews, eight for Bob Hope. Now you're talking. Rob Roddy for. I don't know why. Ooh. Elias and four. Robert Stack three. Oh, no. How could anybody not like Robert Stack? Really? They do that just to piss me off. It got to be. What was there to just like about Robert Stack? Just to piss you on. Just in a movie airplane. Right. Just that performance alone. Him and Lloyd Bridges. It was great. Right. Right. Sensational. Lenny, you're, I'll reach that all. Not see three. Dr. Bob Atkins three. Three people are happiest that he died. Oh, no. John Ritter three. Horse book holds two. They just don't like that name. Fred Rogers two. One for Richard Cren. I want for Greg Rehines. One for Johnny Cash. And one for David Hemings. And one for Earl Hinnman. Who knows he again. He was in watch show. Home improvement. I guess. Yes. And no votes for our carney at all. All the other ones on it. Restability. Yeah. It's it's early. It's early running. Don't get carried away. A lot of votes to be counted. And if we don't get to result, we'll like. We'll talk to the abush people. Look at the right result. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Don't let me forget this. So when he mervers pit collar. Rotate down. It is. So. And I know some people get really pissed off about it. The headline is two loud words. Two words. Bush new. But anyway. We'll get to it. Yeah. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Pretty damn good. The son is shining man. I know. Sure. I'm trying to find something. I wasn't able to listen to your show yesterday. And you haven't spoke about it all day today. I saw on Channel 7 News this morning. The new ads. I forget the name of the website. Something move. Move it on. We have done. About how they are associated bush with Hitler. Right. Were you able to see those commercials? Yes. They were great. In fact, you can go on their website. I夢 bought org and you can see the various commercials that they had that are under consideration. That I'm going to哎 running the whole bunch of them. Awesome. I haven't heard you talk about that, right? I thought t premiere was going to be a good point for you. I see. I say it's about time. Some people all in this country got some balls. OK, thanks a lot. I'll go get you some more. Auto stream Yeah. on.org there's a whole uh... Schmidt load of TV ads on there and they all like it that they pull no punches you know and of course miss fudge he's all been under shape about the uh... comparisons between bush and Hitler and miss fudge says this and miss fudge says that that's suffating faggot there man i wonder if him i wonder you think he's doing it with the was his name richie melons gave you think they're doing it you think he's got the old chief from merchant melons people yeah and that payroll beats out of me ask your girlfriend linshe'll tell you when she comes to next summer to take over your job five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty that match made that that romance there's something really mysterious there that is one of the most bizarre parings in history i mean misdoried and and quarter that one and it's an old a no-draner but when you have absolutely no principles or convictions whatsoever i guess i then you can say well you know he's seen every store of freight trade he's such a sweet thing which one of these is the Hitler one how about your part of the money money reached in uh... whatever name well and the move on dot org i got the list of their commercials here oh i don't know if that's on their yet just just go to the the drugstore sure he's still got it on there he's filming at the mouth about anyway here's a a fact that you see rafnator yes i would talk about that before blasting the right wing asshole about no back on cross for a last night yes i did of course no response for the uh pathetic and corrupt record the bushmaster regime has i wonder some of these candidates would embrace what made it was saying well guess what how our dean has said it he's the only one who's got the ball to tell it like it is and show this administration for what it is now we got to where we're and he was he was just great not only saying that we're was based on a pack of lies which how our dean has said over and but many other offenses this uh a few up a boys club is done see with a board of rafnator my strip search and cavity search could let us all says this facts it okay and the nator is supporting tennis percentage which is fine except if i'd like to forget about and so to leave a bad no back then as good as he's got no chance even George has got a better chance of winning the dentus kacinic pay him straight even if he just just ran enough for drugs ever so what's the point nator are you gonna screw it up again or not and of course the good part of it is the green no the green uh party fell piece people are us saying no way we don't want to this time so he's not running on at the green party ticket so if he runs it all it is an independent just keep your name off and are you asshole you egotistical arrogant jackass see nator again he's one of those people it's is a lot of things that you like but then you realize it's all ego with him he knows he hasn't got any chance of what's he what what's the point see the last time the excuse was he wanted to get the party on um all the state on all the ballots in other words if they got a big enough percentage in each state then they get on a ballot for the congressional elections and they run their own candidates didn't happen but to run as an independent would be nothing more than egotry if it doesn't accomplish anything other than psychonomos from uh howardine five six well they're sure heavy duty on this thing one of the bishops doing the one of the rights of priests who may be well falsely accused somebody wants no all right right like that one that we shard down here in the geobiles a little church of the little flower whatever hell it is screaming and carrying on yeah of the little deflower he's a screamer five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line hundred nineteen votes one nineteen old bean which celebrity death of 2003 may do the happiest a lot of people don't want to be associated with this thing they find it the disgusting and grotesque and very poor taste forty three point six percent say i don't give a shmit about any of them fifty two which is their way of saying uh i'm not happy that anybody died in fact i can be honest with it is only one person who if they died I'd be really happy absolutely oh i don't want to mention no names absolutely see the cruise twenty cd is building an insurmountably looks like to me bob hope eleven in fact uh i can hear him sing in the city right now thanks for the memories or she sing in that to him iria kazan six leneer reached the uh i'm surprised that many people know who that is they had news reports now they heard us talking about it that was hitlers uh movie producer five rod rodty four and then not too much change after that Robert stack with three makes me want to just vomit twenty seven past noon at five sixty w q a m if your cars got problems ran don't just trusted any smock they came down the pike e f tarinot a repair some people even trust because they know their stuff you'll find them at fifty eighty three north federal highway just a mile and a half north a sample road and prestigious pumping o beach at e f tarinot a repair experience the different that experience makes they like i said they really know their stuff all you have mechanics are a c certified technicians current with all latest technology and most of them with the e f team for nearly twenty long excruciating years the e f team is over 200 combined years of experience and no job is to be a small for a e f either from a blown fuse to a blown engine whatever you be blown from a 73 total to an oh four Bentley e f tarinot a repair be doing it all all jobs are meticulously double check for accuracy by the shop for and every car is clear upon completion of the work the f on is most extended warranties they offer you wide away service on most repairs to e f tarinot a repair again that addresses fifty eighty three north federal highway in popat o beach call nine five four four two six ninety nine twenty six that's nine five four four two six ninety nine twenty six when you do call these post-be sure ask about their ninety-day same as cash to interest credit card two e f tarinot a repair nationally recognizes one of the most successful automotive or purpose facilities anywhere in the entire us of a and keep in mind of the e f their motto was they really mean it nobody cares more I know the TD or Carter Ttechni you're business that the donate This is television that it's bad. Yes, oh, yeah, yes, this is Schwarzenegger. I heard you getting your wife Maria a vibrator for Christmas Yes, there's something wrong with your anatomy. It is a loop is small How big is vibrator? I'm trying it out then you right now If you have to do it Rams with loose 131 at 560 WQM here's that article my winterman was pit skinny though eating get to read that article. Okay, remember He's a New York Times bestselling author of two books. It's on our website, but I got just got a read of them Compel the spirit of Christ compels me to do it He says there've always been third rail issues in American politics subjects that if touched upon will lead to certain political death For a long while and until very recently social security was one of these issues a new one surrounding the attacks of 911 has been born this political season if 911 is discussed the only allowable subtopic to be broches whether the bush administration is capable of keeping us safe from another onslaught The January 2nd edition of the Boston Globe had a case in point on the front page and article titled for Bush readiness is a key issue stated that in speech after speech President pushes emphasizes administrations pledge never to forget the lessons of 911 He says the top goal of his administration is to prevent another attack The globe article contained in the next paragraph to standardized rejoinder and while democratic opponents of the administration are unanimous And they're hope that vulnerability is not exposed with deadly results They've also argued that Bush has done far too little to protect the country from another attack He has refused to adequately reimburse state and local officials for homeland security cost they argue and is ignored dangerous gaps in air cargo and port security Thus the preparedness gap becomes the widdle down talking point do juror This is a whiff of colossal proportions the implications of which will echo down the halls of history Unless someone develops enough spine to speak the truth into a large microphone The talking point is not difficult to manage it was splashed in gody multi point fought across the front page of the New York post in May of 2002 two words Bush knew it is frankly amazing that this is falling down the memory hole We call two headlines from that period the first from the UK guardian May 19 2002 was titled Bush knew of terrorist plot to hijack US planes the first three paragraphs of this story red George Bush received specific warnings in the weeks before 11 September that an attack inside the U.S. was being planned by Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda network US government sources said yesterday and a top-secret intelligence memo headline bin Laden determined the strike in the U.S. the president was told on August 6 at the Saudi-born terrorist Hope to bring the fight to America in retaliation for missile strikes on al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan in 1998 Bush and his aides who are facing withering criticism for fading to act on the series of warnings Her previously said intelligence experts had not advised them domestic targets were considered at risk However, they've admitted they were specifically told at hijacks were being planned Another story on the topic came for the New York Times on May 15, 2002 and was titled Bush was warned been Laden-watted the hijack planes Unlike the guardian piece the times to us to leave this article with the Bush administration's cover story one the administration is stuck with to this day The White House said that the president Bush had been warned by American intelligence agencies in early August that Osama bin Laden was seeking the hijack aircraft but that the warnings didn't contemplate the possibility that the hijackers were turned the planes into guided missiles for a terrorist attack It is widely known that we had information that bin Laden wanted to attack the U.S. or United States interests abroad Every flight to the president's press secretary said this evening the president was also provided information about bin Laden He was also wanting to engage in hijacking in a traditional pre-9-11 sense but not for the use of suicide bombing not for the use of an airplane as a missile Yes, we were born said the Bush administration but who could have conceived of terrorists using airplanes for suicide bombings A lot of people actually According to a time magazine story that appeared January 2, 2004 National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice is blocking it request to testify before Thomas Caine's 9-11 commission under oath She also wants her testimony be taken behind closed doors and not in public The crux of her hesitation would appear on the surface to be her comments of May 16, 2002 and which she used the above reference to excuse that no one could have predicted That they would try to use a hijack airplane as a missile If that excuse is reflective of reality, why does she fear to testify under oath? Perhaps Ms. Rice appears testifying because too many facts are now in hand thanks in no small part to the work of 9-11 withos like Kristen Brightwiseer Which fly in the face of the administration's Demurals for example in 1993 150,000 dollar study was commissioned by the Pentagon to investigate the possibility of an airplane being used to bomb national landmarks A draft document of this was circulated throughout the Pentagon the justice department into the federal emergency management agency FEMA In 1994 a disgriffed federal explosion Express employee broken the cockpit of a DC 10 with plans to crash it into a company building in Memphis That same year alone pilot crashed a small plane into a tree on the White House grounds narrowly missing the residents and Air France flight was hijacked by murders of the armed Islamic group which intended to crash the plane into the Eiffel Tower and September 1999 a report titled Sociology and Psychology of Terrorism was prepared for US intelligence by the federal research division army of the library of Congress It stated suicide bombers belonging to al-Qaeda's martyrdom bedab battalion could crash line an aircraft packed with higher Sposers C4 and Semtex into the Pentagon the headquarters of the CIA or the White House Throughout the spring and early summer of 2001 intelligence agencies flooded the government with warnings of possible Terrorist attacks against American targets including commercial aircraft by al-Qaeda and other groups A July 5, 2001 White House gathering of the FAA the Coast Guard the FBI secret service in INS had a top counterterrorism official Richard Clark State That's something really spectacular is going to happen here and it's going to happen soon Donald Karrick who's a three-star general was a deputy national security adviser in a late Clinton administration He stayed on into the Bush administration when the Bush administration came and he wrote a memo about terrorism al-Qaeda And Osama bin Laden the memo said we will be struck again as a result of writing that memo He was not invited any more meetings in a late November 2000 interview former Clinton adviser Sydney Blumenthal said Richard Clark was director of counterterrorism Inational security council he has since left Clark urgently tried to draw the attention of the Bush administration of the threat of al-Qaeda Right at the present the Bush administration is tried with hold documents from the 911 bipartisan commission I believe one of the things that they don't want to be known is what happened August 6, 2001 It was on that day that George W. Bush received his last and one of the few briefings on terrorism I believe he told Richard Clark that he didn't want to be briefed on this again Even though Clark was paniced about the alarms he was hearing regarding potential attacks Bush was blight and different ultimately irresponsible The public has a right to know what happened August 6 continued Blumenthal what Bush did what Connie Rice did what the rest of them did and what Richard Clark's members in statements were Then the public will be able to judge exactly what this presidency has done George W. Bush is going to run in 2004 on the idea this administration is the only one capable of protecting us from another attack like the ones which took place on 911 Yet the record today is clear not only did they fail in spectacular fashion to deal with those first threats Not only has there been a reaction caused this to be less safe not only have they failed as sufficiently bolster our defenses but they use the aftermath of the attacks to ran through policies They couldn't have dreamed of achieving on September 10th It is what the most remarkable turnabouts in American political history never before has an administration used so grizzly a personal failure to such excellent effect Never mind the final insult they received all these warnings went on vacation for a month down in Texas The August 6th meeting might as well have happened in a vacuum September 11th could and should have been prevented why because Bush knew This administration must not be allowed to ride their criminal negligence into a second term Someone needs to say those two words loudly after all Bush's proven Muts Social Security and with 911 that third rails can be danced across all it takes is a little boldness That's it William Rivers pit What a good guy Huh, excuse a great. He's a great the columnist and he's right on target Tom pain dot comets on our website today and your rages dot com. Well, excuse me for reading But I think I accomplished something there in about two or three minutes that thought we're gonna change any minds But we're doing our best to do our duty 20 to do our duty like I said Look at at 46.4% now say which celebrity death of 2003 makes you the happiest? I don't give you shit about any of them Well, how come when the first time? I mean we said which one bug you the most only 31 versus you on the sand Does it make any sense? I don't understand it. Maybe they just want to be all hard Hey, I'll tell you one thing if your hair is on a flow and you want to be all hard to yourself Get yourself some new hair for 2004 and the rest of your life for my buddy Chuck Alphair or he gives you sensational results It's that I'm walking around with some kind of a silly hand on all the time to cover up your big shiny ball spot And we know some people who do that Absolutely because they're too embarrassed to keep wearing those musk rats around And around the orifice Chuck Alphair is got what he calls the natural hairline system No matter how much you pay you can't get a better more natural look and peace anywhere in the universe So if you want to look like Dennis Cassinins look what it's doing to him. He says all right things and people I have had him because he's got a pasty nasty looking wig If you want to look great maybe younger than you ever dreamed you could again Maybe get a little bit of action in a real head start in your life or maybe just some head call Chuck Alphair You have nothing lose but the balls but because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee After 30 days if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting laid like 15 20 30 times a day Charlie give you a full refund no questions asked and if you mentioned your ratches when you make that call it Give you two and a bus extra off the already reasonable price of that natural hairline system So for the new year like I said the rest of your life give you so some here this year call toll free 1 800 321 2413 That's 1 800 321 2413 or log under that website Charles alphair e.com We're supposed to be in 5 6 We asked you had a Christmas message Do you have a Christmas message this year? Well my message this year is for people to Give one the greatest gifts they can possibly give recession Government reports show that the economy is weak people are still losing job businesses on hiring I want to ask you something while I have the opportunity of being the both of you sure This is Bush is the true that your husband has a phased Never heard that before Well, she is she she was not there I Doesn't tell you Everything On occasion All of them is I like to put it. It's all part of the holiday spirit girls. Yes, I've been out there of course Thanks a lot of bringing 1244 at 5 60 WQAM 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon world. It's like mad dog at two boo go pinch hitting for the Humper today for the load The load is under the weather under the table under the weather keep the foot away from that man Okay, please that's gonna be our goal this year. Okay very mo and keep the load alive, right? There's a little bit of a simultaneous thing WQAM hello Yes, sir. Hey, I've been out of town for a little bit and I was wondering about the Michael more movie Based on dude where's my country? I heard it's coming out as Something else name about the The Bush been lawed in connection right before before the election Right, do you know the name of it? Oh no I heard it's not going as The name of dude wears my country But on a no hand what about die bold? I mean, do we? I'm still You know by freaking out and the Bible is owned by people who donate to the Bush campaign I like to put it here up or a bottle I've had we've had about eight million articles on our website about that I haven't had a chance to get to a computer for all the good news is that they tested out the The new voting machines that also have a paper trail leave a paper record exactly so hopefully by the time we get to November Sainer heads will prevail and we don't just have this invisible love Tagilation going on that can never be traced That's what the entire 200 plus years of our history we've done right in ballots or paper balances You want to know how they fall for it because they're easily manipulated and they're stupid. That's why I love your Drogen Harbour blonde bitch right cool to her Brother, okay, they're doing together man have a great day 560560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line and let me tell you something miss Fudge when the right wing is get true with you when they have death of love you'll be one of the first ones They'll be marching off into the ovens. Okay trust me what I tell you you self-hating faggot you Find the seven I beg your pardon when the squeeze and dry. Yeah, when he squeeze it They'll turn him into a pink lamp shade Oh look at line nine Come at a QAM hello I love me happy Isn't he the best or what he is there every day never misses a moment and you who we haven't heard from today? Yes, I do as your bulls on a little bit and that guy whatever He says I know Chambam QAM hello Wayne the high singer speaking It sounds like me yeah, but I thought I got a pair for you today in Kueste Oh, would they in Kueste while we should have had them on a first part? Are you out of on the first part? No, I said we shouldn't have had them on the first part See them don't go now the first part was which one meant the most to in other was were you most sorry about Right well, this is the one I'm happy it's about no I can see I even now and now you've got me confused. I've got it backward right then it ought to be on this one right okay Excellent excellent choice Thanks, finally all the not celebrities so See he Somebody's trying to say try to see he's happy that they're dead and of course we are too, but nevertheless they're not celebrities And they forget about it five six seven oh five sixty Hello, it isn't up to make me want to play that bit. What is that thing called? Do you know I don't know oh? I'll never find that in many years Nobody QA in hello QA in I WQA in hello Guardians of Rags. What's the call me Rags? WQA in hello How about David's blow you jack ass WQA in hello David Oumazonner asshole yes sir Yes, sir. That was a good article that you read It was a couple of minutes worth of it was a very good article But what I got out of it more is that Clinton turned his head for about seven years Yeah Yes, so you know Clinton Not sure he had seven years to do something with that lot Yeah, boy bond in the first place. Yeah Bush comes in and they missed they missed they missed been ladden by only a matter of moments And they were what it right even if right wing assholes who were more see if people wouldn't have had a waste 75 million dollars plus of money and three or four years about penis gate and about stains on a blue dress and about the present lying about blow job And we could have really concentrated about the award on terror Sandy burgers been on TV a million times a billion times Talking about the fact that he begged Condy rice and to bush people when a took off is doing the transition That they really had to be paying attention because there was a very legitimate threat But again keep turning it around turning it around don't forget when he did that the drop the bonds is it Wagon the dog is trying to opt the sex right he's wagging it all all of this is to try to divert attention from the real problem with his The president is a forandering bastard and we need to be impeaching him So on the one hand we got a president who lied about his sex life Now we got a president who lies about the rationale for invading another country and sacrifice in the lives of hundreds If not thousand eventually of American people plus thousands of Iraqi people not to mention all the thousands who have been injured all the time Every week Which we never hear about them right and some of them very very very tragic serious injuries by the way, but they don't be poured about that You know you people out there that want to keep twisting around I'm not gonna sit here and apologize for Clinton and let me say this to you was he perfect no Comparative what we got now he was sensational he was the greatest thing since Jesus and sliced bread Jefear right we got now. That's right But keep keep office getting you can handle the truth you can what kind of a response is that to what I just got through reading And then that's why like I've told you the other day. It's a total waste of time because you can keep trying as much as you Why you're just dealing with political infants all they know is the right wing is good left wing is bad or vice versa That's all they know and like I've told you for years both parties suck and That's why Howard Dean is a breath of fresh air of your partner expression because he's one of the very few him and Cassinach Older Cassinach has no chance, but there are two of the very few who've had the balls to come along and tell it exactly the way it is As supposed to just always suck an up and suck an up just just political hacks like Dick Gavhard and John Kerry who's really scary I'm so sick and Terri heard about John Kerry in the Vietnam and all of the crap Let's you know where to hell was he when a voting for this crap right off the bat in a rack Folding Folding like a freaking accordion and the same with Hillary by the way who now all of a sudden is so popular and got a big mouth. She folded up voted for it WCWM hello Yes, sir Do you think you remember how I think who I don't never get elected? Do I think why? That you'll even have to clue that he'll never get elected. Obviously not he sure wasted a lot of somebody Money trying Imagine other questions, do they get to keep the money that they raise for campaign and after the gun personally? Yeah, like no, oh, oh, they often do it and then of course sometimes they go to jail for it or whatever No 560 560 560 at least not for personal use anyway Yeah, he had run for dog catcher. Yeah in personal use exactly stuff on the side. Hall of ah Kishki WQAM Hey, you know how you doing pretty good you guys forgot to be more on that list. He died this year. I think so. Yeah. I mean 2000's room 2003. Yeah I got a P rose story for you, too. Okay Back when he opened up his his restaurant in Boka I was eating lunch there with my girlfriend and my son and And he was sitting in a table next to me with really crowded place and there was some keys on the floor And I reached down and picked him up and I noticed a guy that more died March 28, 2002. I'm sorry go ahead Okay I know it's the guy next to me. I said hey, are these your keys? And it was it was Pete Rose's keys You go, yeah, and he grabbed my hand real nasty didn't you? Thank you. Yeah, didn't say thank you or nothing and I was giving him his keys back off the floor So the major asshole man, now that we're major asshole. I didn't know anything about his gambling bull and Ever since then I knew that the guy was an ass. Yeah, well, there'll be more was this someone else I thought you know March 28, 2002 Hi Thanks, Sally. Have a great day She's the guitar goes by so fast. So many people drop in like flies. Right. Can't even keep track Yeah, Pete Rose is a major asshole, but now of course America can spend a lot of time The bathing yeah, and of course the brits are no better We got to have an inquest into the death of princess Diana and about the dog you know princess and dog that but the Queen's dog the Whatever the hell it is Corgi You know they leave him good tasting dogs the notes that that's sad Really pathetic the Queen just loves her corgis God That's what the world is worrying about innocent people are dying every goddamn day and arrested the public is out there You think Pete Rose should be in a hall and he should be out in the hall somewhere cool in his heels out of the hall and the halls at Rayford Get him out of my face I'm not just disgusting self-absorb piece of crap. Okay. He was a great ball player now. What huh now? What that's all that matters It was that all I managed that's all about that. It's all the rest that doesn't 5 6 7 0 5 6. Do you see the tremendous impact on my reading the article? Haha Right like farting into a windstorm. That's exactly what I've been doing for many many years. I'm 30 man. It is town W to Q a and hello Nice talking to you line was working though. W to Q a and hello Hey, Neil have a gone. Okay, sir. You know people that call about you know Clinton did do anything about been ladden think about this When when the Bush administration took office why did they reveal that why didn't they reveal all of his policies? Are coming and and say basically we're gonna we're gonna go out here and do what the Clinton administration Ignore for the last of it. That's right I mean even even for the sake of argument let's say okay the Clinton's been absolutely nothing They didn't really drop those bombs didn't really try to go after Osama which isn't true But just for the sake of argument let's say okay, that's fine But guess what Clinton isn't gonna be running this November for president Right and the And the point that they would have scored will put the American public if they could reveal all of these threats and say right here This argument history has only been there for seven or eight months and here We've been a solidest major problem It's just I mean if you want to face the facts, you know See the the other part of this remains there's so many questions that need to be answered and the big one in my mind is still How come the public in and even the politicians are screaming about the Bush bin Laden connection and the fact that the bin Laden family while Everybody else was grounded after 9 11 for days and all the airports were closed How come it is that all the members of the bin Laden family got special treatment And we're all allowed to leave the country without being an interview by the FBI who desperately wanted to interview them by the way And all went back to Saudi Arabia not to be seen again right just that one point is the disc Cratcher or maybe like an independent group and articulate that point to the people you know to ask maybe Is some of your just or The people are too worried about Pete Rose man yeah, and and Letting or whatever you call and Britney Spears right yeah, yeah Minimulation for the effort of first on the poll is strong term 2003 now I think it with me or two no, that's right 2003 Thanks a lot, pal. It's strong term and dying in three. I think so, but was he a celebrity? No, no, he was not a celebrity. He was a celebrity daddy was celebrated A celebrity daddy in a hypocrite and a right wing asshole under the piece of crap 1257 at five 60 WQM. How's that pull coming? Which celebrity death of 2003 made you the happiest? That's that's cruel man throughout up your alley folks We got 100 and 92 votes. It's not too bad almost 200 in the now and So far 93% 48.4% say I don't give a Schmidt about any of them nobody nobody's crooked made me happy last year See the cruise though 33 Oh god how many Cubans that we have left? I've heard him man. They're all gone now. They've had it probably 33 Bob hope 16 Lenny right right in stall Hitler's movie producer eight John winner six Eliacazan six Dr. Bob poor doctor Boback and five rod rodty four and from there on it's a small potatoes Robert Stex still with three He's gotten subtracted those 255 50 WQM why not let the emerald coast cater your next party why not let them put on a fantastic feast for you This will come in a weekend anytime Because you can't be with a stick they can accommodate even the biggest group take a whole bunch maybe Not that's right. They can handle it for you start your mouth or auto eating experience at the emerald coast with six different soups You can try any of them or all of them if you're real hog and Ensampled dozens of delicious mouthwatering on trays like New York strip made order and there's sizzling Asian grill along with their new seed Food Saint Jacques enjoy oysters on a half shell every night. There's a last-gones stone crab middleneck clams jumbo shrimp Scampie and now for the first time ever at the emerald coast Steamed main lobster on a weekends if you still have some room rather handcar primary cooked away You like it plus their new Thai specialties to and don't forget like I always tell you unlike most Chinese restaurants You don't walk out of there with that MSG headache ever because they don't use any MSG no cornstarch No crap and they cook all other fine cuisine only with cholesterol for your oils The buffet at the emerald coast features a full salad bar the new sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail too and Because they know that a lot of you got a big hearty appetite They got a full desert station too featuring Belgian moffles pies takes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit too Three-year-old Coast locations for you. You'll find them in sunrise pine on lots of corner or forty-fourth street Collins Avenue just north of 163 in north Miami Beach at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke roads in Pembroke So take the old family or book your next business lunch and right now and let our friends at the emerald coast cook up a feast for you Take out an delivery always available to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five Seven two thirty eight twenty two lot of emulators out there these days But there's nothing like the original air mold coast Chinese buffades You The child's fountain is some of the beach well my wish was granted, but I'm sure gonna miss listening to the nail rages fair and balanced one of two are your son of a bitch Heyberry Yeah I told him I was the one they did to the Lord No point out soon down we got him That will happen and say we got him We won't let happy stone on him You got him I was pushed by King of the gods You say none or none is what they got you to do And did they come with a little home party called the King You believe what they say Like the god of the Lord, the King You believe what they say Like the god of the Lord All the election by the god of the god of the god of the god You say none or none is what they got you to do You believe what they say You believe what they say Praise the Lord like Jesus baby All right One or three is five sixty-one Everybody who got two great new books that I bought over the weekend Yeah George Soros the bubble of Americans supremacy Correcting the misuse of American power I love that man I do two and five maybe hello in us 50 million Oh please And Why America this ties right in With what we were just talking about Why America's slept by Gerald Posner The fader to prevent 9-11 In the end the central question I remained was what did American intelligence and law enforcement know and what did they ignore What mistakes were made along the way on the ground by police FBI and CIA and Washington State capitals by policy makers While hunting for those answers they were unexpected discoveries about some American allies and what they might have known And not told anyone before 9-11 As well as a far more infuriating book than originally expected The fader to prevent 9-11 was a systematic one It's not just that investigators failed to get lucky break early on There is that we leave independent on a series of blunders in the immediate run up to the attack The seeds for fader were son repeatedly in almost 20 years of bubble investigations and misplaced priorities After a while the revelations of aneptitude presented in this book no longer cause surprise but only anger Zero-posner from a Wall Street lore and award-winning author of eight books and 70s ranging from Nazi work criminals Two assassinations to the careers of politicians a regular panelist on history channels history center He's also written for New York Times, New Yorker, and that's what it's on Why America slept, Gerald Posner? Got it. Got it. 5-670560 Let's not get too carried away now We don't want to do too much bushbashing those right wingers out there They'll start picking on us again We will do Yeah Why? What are we going to do? Let's see how many votes we got on this turkey now 218 And so far it looks like a one monkey deal See the cruise Which celebrity death of 2003 may do the happiest? I don't give it to you About any of them 49 and a half percent now, 108 Getting surly See the cruise 40 5-770 Letty Rush the Nazi Dr. Bob Mac and six and either Cause they're six and John Miller six Why would anybody say they were glad to see John Miller die? I don't know they hated that show They never saw a sling blade I mean I didn't like John Miller, but then I want to see him die? I mean maybe he'd like a bad headache or something I'm not like die He was a good guy, says everyone There you go Come in, you can't wait him, hello Nobody there, nobody can't wait him, hello Nobody on two either We're doing screenless now and the phone doesn't sound too promising Does that was a phone to ZAR WDQAM I'm just caught a get on here I guess Yeah Ha ha ha ha He said he just called to get on here He got on here, very good sir You accomplished your goal man, nice job, well done Congratulations, we'll say a gold star and a purple jelly bean How did you QAM? Oh, yep How does it hear me? I hear you hear me? Yeah Sounds like the makings for a great conversation Yeah, well I got three questions Go ahead ahead Well the first I want to know is this thing about Brittany Spears I think it just makes a mockery of the whole idea of marriage Which the president of the United States is defined as between a man and a woman So next to bit of a joke when somebody goes out for a large gets married And a no the next day Yeah the president of the United States is defined as between I didn't know he made the laws did you? He made the laws He made the laws Yeah, well he said it's only a marriage between a man and a woman I don't have a problem with that It's the fact that now I've been done with that Okay, when you made the first one, what's the number two? Let's move on, let's hop over Brittany so I'm driving into Miami International Airport Yesterday I go through traffic jam to get to a police security I get through the police security Like everybody else Right I go to park and short term parking And there is no short term parking So I'm re-rooted back out of the airport to the exit And what do I find another traffic jam of all the people that went to short term parking Who now have to make a huge turn to come back through the police again Beautiful And no, I go tell a police officer I said, hey, listen, why don't you jump in your patrol car And do a little lap around my guy just done And appreciate the whole problem could be stopped by nearly putting a little cloth Over the short term parking thing And we'll do everybody through long term parking He says, well, that's a very good point I'll bring that up with Offering that up with the airport as hard Right I get out of the road, don't belong to the police Then I go to the parking people and they say to me, ah, well, I'm sorry But it's not our responsibility I said it's not your responsibility to take a piece of cloth And put it over the short term parking sign When there is no short term parking Well, I just say, get anybody going to the airport today If they get clothed traffic jam That's what they're going to find Okay, well, I stay home, that's the best advice Okay, stay home and cut the diesel 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line He's got a good point man They got it all like a jammed up and twisted around You can't get from point A to point B Because it's security, baby And I thought we were supposed to be a hell of a lot of safety After they caught a shot of him and that's fire hole And it over all the solar wind We were supposed to be so much safer And now, now all of a sudden they're hyperventilating about Airbie got them international flight And about Airbie Airport and now it's like Code orange and purple and black and blue and it's like Everybody's like on pins and needles now The torture was a good idea to go in there and you wouldn't believe me Right WQAM hello Hello, I'm Relady There's Neil Yeah This is not going to be a lot of Relady Yeah Jack and a beach going Terminal Go find Sandy on the road somewhere with Janet WQAM hello WQAM hello Forward Janet to bag it WQAM hello I don't know how I'm gonna follow that till week But anyways About who did in who say I mean I know they were only ruined celebrities But you know yeah like I said we just went through that ten minutes ago WQAM hello Neil Yes sir You can do it 567560 You see the list now is closed Do you see what I'm saying? I know right and so now they have nothing to say I read that article as if there was like some point to doing it And you see what the point was Like that They could take a five hour special put it from seven o'clock till midnight And run it every day for the next month and talk about all the same things that I just read that article by William Rivers pit And a public with still be going Like that What time is the game on WQAM hello Yeah One more Speaking Neil Yes sir You run out If you run out Ask the Republicans or the bush flickers about the Bush administration's record on terrorism Ask them what he did before September 11 I don't want to ask them anything Well when I said you're a couple things that he did do When Clinton tried to get Osama He had two Submarines and in the annotion with QQ They got it Osama ever His face they would nail him with the a missile They had a strike force in Pakistan Special up They said we're going to go in there and a fast night when it was in the first thing the Bush he did Because they were in such a hurry to be the unclinthens What the cancel all those things They sent the predator back home They sent the two submarines away And they brought those troops back out of Pakistan So they were in such a hurry to show that they were not going to do anything that Clinton did That they's clapped everything that they were doing I also forget that the bizarre connection between the Bush and the Badalad and families Don't ever don't let that ever slip out of your mind sir Just keep it I'm thinking of myself Back when I played that the audio from that CBC show Right that riveting We still have the link By the way Eric I think we can get rid of that the screw-and thing with a Halloween hat I think it's about this since it's January already we can get schmick in it Well conspiracy theories uncovering the facts Behind the myths of 9, 11, 2001 a fantastic documentary on CBC Play the audio from it and then we took it up the ass for those two months You see this is the way it falls down to Is that if you're going to have the balls to give any kind of an opposing point of view To the Nazi boond that is running America today You're going to take it because if the writers get their hands on the diaries They're going to stick it to you. It's like a weapon So you always used to be that way with the ethnic groups With the ethics they play it's like an election So here's my favorite and these are the people you know they speak of my language or whatever it is You know But now it's the same thing with politics it's becoming more and more rabbit And of course the liberals like I've told you many times They don't do they don't know how to play the same game Unfortunately they don't do it And you know what and then it's not going to stop anybody on this show from reading articles like the William Rivers pit or anything else Not going to happen If you want to play games with your diaries go ahead if we get a two share if we get a one share I still get paid the same and George still makes the same peanuts Right and Josh still has the button big on a street corner That doesn't make any difference at this point But I mean I paid that twice on the year and you would have thought that you know everybody in their brother would have been foaming it to mouth about that Revolution right Uh-uh Let's call see span Let's call up all the networks and have them come in I listen to the people of South Florida I think they do one thing okay you talk about a cultural wasteland There are a few people in South Florida that you know gotten IQ larger than their thumbnail But not too many I would say But third man At best not being generous So stick with a cockass stick with a poopu all of that stuff and you'll be okay then you'll be safe cocka poopu 113 that five sixty by the way he'll be along it to the mad dog not the hopper today though the hopper still on the injured reserve list We got the booster at the four with I believe arrow in the many arrow still come in Probably gets paid for that Then we got the big Oh seven which we apologize for Oh he's a silly guy you got any k at ten and two and mark overnight two to five and a a m and then of course after that it's pretty sad It's the last mortgage you'll ever need the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are incredible zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fees zero discounted points Get the new low interest rate at just 1.25 percent A 100,000 dollar loan your payments are only 134 bucks a month if you have a 200,000 loan your payments are a mirror 608 a month And don't forget once you be finance a good new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing cost again So call 1-800-9 for Oland get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move to your next property without further cost of expense zero underwriting fee zero Closing cost even when you moved another property get that new low financing rate of just 1.25 percent It's the only one mortgage from financial group don't forget that's 1-800-9 for Oland for the sales never pay closing cost again Financial group at 1-800-9 for OLE and the the renequal housing lender restrictions apply rates are subject to change monthly 4.21 APR Lime local year sports video 5.62 a I fake for a good morning. This is former bus president and incredibly interna all your on here to set the record straight of a mind Dorthman of Democratic presidential candidate James steam towered Boboie Whoie a 13 is the amazing order and word smoke not to mention he makes a fine sausage That's not him a former governor Vermont and one of the prestigious Michael sir up guns playing contest never happened Apparently I have ruffled some feathers in the democratic party Specifically with my former running might Hallebert's son it's jolly Roman if there's one man in the donkey party that's even more wine and monotone than me It's Jim Lee but Joe Lieberman when I pulled this endorsement from a secret lock box I did so after much consideration thought and a game of rock type or scissors If Mr. Lieber's gone Lieberman is hurt that I'm sorry, but jolly y'all land in bird labor men must realize I'm a sharp political mind Whose choices to shape our nation's leaders are important you lost me in conclusion Let me say this to Mr. Lanoette And Mr. Beam I love you both like a gay man would but without the room killer inflation I think we're done here Calcours views Arizona's an ethnographic affiliation with a democratic national committee to elect the president Bracom 19 at five sixty WQ and Bill Bradley endorsed Howard Dean this morning just in case you were sleeping I'll tell you one thing you take Bill Bradley and Alcor put the two of them together you have the personality of a rock For he said that mean their bad guys no personality none zero 560 560 pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless 19 ageers in the US have higher rates of obesity than those in 14 other industrialized countries including France and Germany In a study nearly 30,000 youngsters ages 13 and 15 Among American 15 you are so you see the solution for this now what they're doing They want to get software machines out of the public school. Oh yeah replace them with juice Yeah replace them with good things like high sea and fruit juice Yeah, which is you know what that's like that's like taking pure sugar water and injecting it into your veins In addition to which there isn't anybody in any school anywhere whose fat because they're drinking water two sodas a day I mean granted the sugar rate good for you, but that's not what's making people fat That ain't where it's at It's so sad so pathetic and guess what what guess where what country had the lowest obesity rate in the study? Okay, and you want to know why please because they have fewer fast food restaurants and the teens have less money to buy snacks and fast food and crap That's why they don't have crap on every corner waiting for you to come in and buy it with big big by she sign That's why you have way more people bulking up Fuck out Oh, and I gotta tell you this yeah speaking of fat Speaking of doctor acens who sing in a different tune nowadays Do you know why he sing in a different tune? I give I actually asked on at for subway on TV yesterday have you seen that? Which one are you talking about that's the one where they have acens items No, I have not they have acens wraps and they have the acens trademark on there on a commotion Have you haven't seen it? Nope, you're gonna poop your pants when you see that especially if you too many of the macens bars But seriously I was shocked How many years have I been talking about the acens die? And at the meantime all these assholes like this doctor group that who's on CNN right now He's a real asshole of disguise like schmuck He's another one in talks about brick and fruit juice and how much better is it's people like him that are helping to kid your kids with pure refined sugar Who don't know the difference between refined carbohydrate rates and like natural carbohydrates that are unrefined and then are gonna kid you in sticky ration and ground and cause diabetes and all these other things Asshole he really is course he's uncirally not new so why not oh there is a scum house abroad again. He's on Mars. You see that he's on a red planet like curb it Don't say the red planet here because a certain part of our audience is gonna think they're all bunch of comments of course Wouldn't that be something? But I thought we were a whole bunch of companies this running around up there King singer Ray Davies wounded You think anybody in this audience? I'm up percentage of the Saudis to think remember the kinks and lola about 30 The number three dance and early on TV days The kinks singer Ray Davies is recovering after being shot in the thigh wall on holiday New Orleans The singer's songwriter 59 was wounded Sunday after trying to run after two men allegedly stole his female companions purse at gunpoint He was admitted to the medical center of Louisiana, but his injuries were not considered serious. He's okay He was walking each to the French court with a female friend two men walked up. They apparently took the female friends purse. He chased them not a good idea Not a good idea Ray One of those persons turned and shot him in the leg and they've arrested one person And of course if you see somebody who used to be in a some burn out who used to be in a famous rock band years ago And you steal our girlfriends purse you turn around and shoot them in the leg Exactly, everybody knows that that's the American effin way 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line I got another great article. I might actually read the piss off those right wing assholes Separating the church from the state James Goldsboro from the San Diego Union Tribune also on our website, but I'm just reading WDQAM line one is working hello. Yes sir. I'm a doctor and I don't think doctor your Jones presume, huh? He's a doctor. Remember in Jones again? Was that the first time today? Farther. Oh You're right. He needs he needs to be we could use you one of us could do so lay there and the other one could do him with a baseball bat I borrow from you. Excellent. I have to be QAM hello happy new year knows Thank you. You know why they shot Ray Davies. It wasn't a girlie was with Yeah, nice true was late One person that omitted from your list there the other day roe Neal Donald no was not omitted for us. She was on her and how about Robert Blake? Yeah, okay five six at now they're doing yesterday's list five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty On the eighty and see that that's all they can do. I'm telling you. I told you what I've had about two years of life What do they that that's what they call an audience is degenerate into you got the sports nerds who have the who never run out of material Because it's the same same five or ten questions. You know, but you know, does Jay really suck that bad and are they're gonna actually Bringing this asshole to be the new general manager and is the wants that we're never gonna get fired or not All the same stuff over and over and over and over again So there's an endless supply of that crap and never ends and with us you have the I came remember last time we ever had a period of time when thoughtful people called in I'm talking about a whole bunch of and anything to say that's why there's no more talk radio baby. It's gone. It's history. Are you simple to stop there think oh We're gonna bring on liberal talk radio. We're gonna really right sure you are Oh, you're not Like I said yesterday they did all heads the limbo lights those people that's a religion of them no matter what he says If he tells me go the edge of a cliff and pull on their pants and fart for two hours now you could smell it miles away. That's right But other than that forget about it Proof and a pudding is the famous billi-rollie You know what his radio ratings are in the south Florida market. Oh, they go never showed up never made a show And what has been like two years now he's been on something ever showed anything now. He's not even like a blip on a Richter scale doesn't even exist All I nines ringing again. So we put him on sure what it company QAM hello Anymiel yes, sir I'm so on from your list that you left off today. Yeah, Mr. Reneri Was that that was 2003 yeah, yeah, well as much as we miss him badly I don't think it's in the same categories that people have a lot of load. Absolutely absolutely put them on Yeah, but yeah, no not putting him on there now not on this list about being the happiest No about the the biggest celebrity in 2003 You have the question is now which celebrity death of 2003 made you the happiest? Oh, no, no, not that no we're not doing that. We're not doing that But you're right Thanks for the bad memories. Sure. Thanks for bringing up bad memories 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T The rise of our lives. Who on them saying is all they can talk about is the freaking pool. I think what we ought to try this year I know the sun's Dangerous, I know what you're thinking and I like it Do you yes, I do do a week with no pools a week? I was hoping a month Do a day with no pool Like Bonnie Franklin said one day at a time. What would they steal a life? Damn it. I don't I don't just like Bonnie Franklin. That was just a horrible show. Was that the one with Pat Harrington? Yes, oh God and Pat Harrington used to be really great on the old Steve Allen show, but you don't like Steve Allen 27 after one at five 60 WQ a. I'm hey. Let me tell you right now if your mattress is worn out lumpy and bumpy Your back will feel it. You'll feel like crap There is nothing that can improve your daily health well-being and productivity Then a great night sleep on a name brand mattress market friends at dial-a-mactras So resolve to get yourself a better night sleep all through 2004 and four years to come by making that one easy call that we all to a QA Family including yours truly call 1-800 mattress dial-a-mactras is proud to have had its turns and bananas foster There already strong championship lineup Stewards and Foster is the finest mattress made in America and you can sleep on one as soon as tonight by making that call Rat now 1-800 mattress and of course dial-a-mactras also carries the complete line of ceiling Sort of Simmons King Coral and temperedic shoes from dozens of models at low every day discount prices and only dial-a-mactras To the only people in the University do this they let you choose a two-hour delivery window that meets your schedule Seven days a week from eight a.m. to 10 p.m. when you're gonna be home when you want them to show up and they do With low prices same day delivery free setup and removal it makes it easy to see by dial-a-mactras is ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction So do the smart thing like Fredo be smart call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR Yes, or check them out online at Wait, who am When we get lucky It's a beautiful day in the night for hood the day forcing strange behavior Don't you dare mind Out of my mind It's a beautiful day in this beautiful day Show me mind and lift your behind It's so nice to have a neighbor just like you I've always wanted to do I like to kid like you so don't try to get up and just run away Just stay alive so we can both fly like your behind I Tell vision neighbor I'm glad we're together again 131 at 560 WQ and we'll be together again in a big ding-dong school in the sky one these days I guarantee is so look at them down right now right down some little kids pants Which celebrity death of 2003 made you the happiest? I don't think the audience likes deans idea here. I thought it was gonna be really good new did too, but I don't know what we know 282 votes obviously not too much. No, I think the first one I think we should let it keep going but we didn't I don't give a shipment about any of 145-51.4% Senior cruise she is off to the races baby. Oh, Ice quansilia azucar azucar She is sweet 50 votes for Silia Oh, speaking of azucar before I get the rest of the pool. So now the new deal is every few months either the it's either the milk lobby or the Sugar lobby or now it's the coffee people You see the story about how if you drink six cups or more of coffee They actually can be good for you and it helps to risk high-to-die babies Okay, no, I didn't see that. Oh, yeah, that's the new deal. In fact CNN is a plug-in at regular now. I'll stick to my tooth. Thank you Six hundred effective you drink 50 cups a day. You'll never go to sleep again, but then you'll be a little bit on the hot-dupped side But man, oh man, you'll be so glad and healthy. It'll be disgusting Yeah, so spend your whole all your spare time at Starbucks and Tim Hortons and coffee time Anyway, see the cruise Has got the 51 they do the same thing with chocolate Oh, yeah, the chocolate is good for you. Right. Sure it is. I love dark chocolate Well, it's got certain thing and they they make a board that I don't think even exists. It's got certain ingredients in it like wouldn't go there They are fantastic It reminds me of that talk about the chatter. You know, there's a reduced amount of chatter now. No, I did not well, let's do a little Yeah, it just makes me want to pee my pants. Well, there's increased amount of chatter going on crap See the cruise 51 Bob hope 22 Lenny Reefs install eight She said that he never she never misses a rum-sfield movie Inia Kazan seven doctor Bob Mattkins six shame on you people poor doctor Bob John winner six rod rodty five Robert stack four Fred Rogers four Morris give four horse buck holds two Great we Heinz has got a pair Johnny cash two David Henning's a Hemings two great we almost had that what's his name to put on it Bro, he's going on he's still hanging on one vote for Gerchard Eddley Katherine Hepburn David Bloom. Oh, now that is so bad That is so freaking bad Can you believe that who would do such a thing? I I wish we wouldn't have even put him on that list We should have taken him off of that one vote for David Bloom to the happiest to see him die Irv cups that I'm not gonna read the rest of it's bad idea Dean Sticker whatever you to one aside Dean and let us just stick with our our poles 567 0 560 what it's so what about we you think we ought to do it there two or a week or two or month It's not a pool we have to be out of your mind you have to be a crazy person I'll tell you what why don't you try when I'm on vacation okay not Whatever you want I never tell you what to do when I'm not there do whatever you want At WM line one maybe working hello Speaking no I love animals especially bevers Oh great WQM hello Hey uncle Neil you're sure happy new year and the same to you Thank you I just wanted to comment you for the article that you read last hour I try to rig for living till most of the news that I get is from you That's about the old thing I can trust you like not massage the right wing right and and You know I want to know the lead to the but out here in the collision of that and that heard the CBC broadcast that you played and you know we're out here getting more pissed off the brush Limbo all the child proof taps. I don't you know I've never stopped doing that All right what time is your show on man? I Appledation Nothing you can't tell me you have to vote the time slots over there You know you know how works of QM if you're breathing man you're hired Great day pal. Thanks a lot. Okay, no See that was good. But a good call. I was right there's legions if I hope he's right I don't know We sure is held on see no signs of it on that website When I put that conspiracy theories on her there should have been that day should have been like an outpouring Wait you just don't see it you know when we get a lot of hits on a website When we put naked pictures when we did the hot couple's contest right which is that figures? I mean you know you're gonna get that but Jesus I mean what a spike it's like You can see those things pop and up all over but look like I got their mushroom patch all over South Florida When you think they got enough other naked the website That's enough oh I see Speaking of the naked truth As we prosecute the war we'll need to continue to strengthen improve and Transform seriously if he wouldn't look good in the SS outfit. I don't know anybody who would you know really He has a skull face he looks like Skeletor Donald rumble I just see it right now little mustache hip boots the whip the whole deal WDQA and hello No yes sir From July I got a no digital machine key to the ambition for the same room Who's the first one? Oh and key now the same person What is it? Yeah Oh okay bye There's a little watch just to inside stuff for you I can throw a brick from where I'm sitting right now across the lake to watch is to I hear watches do is bond a band Go really sour you would say that yeah what's south It went it's down here now deep south really bad Getting darker there by the minute 5605 no not that for a song 560560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line that's gonna be our topic in 2004 Why neighborhoods go bad oh excuse me WQA and hello Yes, sir. Are you doing I'm doing okay Listen I'm doing this into a show and you know to me after Boy that you just read it just so sad to see this country is completely divided It's just one side pointing the finger at the other and and honestly I don't Believe it or the Republicans right the same good way to look at it. I agree with you To me they're both the same so you know what I'm saying is bring back their weeks by already bring back That's what a voice says By candidate right there most 56070560 Can you know what I'm a home home pound five 60 on the AT&T let's see I think buddy hack it was a piece of Schmidt I've ordered for him the damn list is too big It says Sorry we apologize don't we can we apologize Guy nothing nothing like having it too big You're gonna get serious. She is off to the racist man and across the QLME apologize profusely Oh, let's hear some more than You know that's from our real song that's not that every time I play that I think that's the bulk of Brian But was that isn't the one No, she doesn't make a bunch of guttable sound it's just it's scary is what it is to think that there's anybody who would have thought that that bitch could sing a way out of a paper sack That's really oh how could you say that deal she's so important to us well, maybe that maybe that should tell you something okay? So as Maris greasy ass that was a whole big deal too, right? Remember that everybody got sucked in including me on people see I was thinking this before and I'm gonna say it out loud okay, but I'll be respected my friend bill whatever is now Out loud what was it? I don't know Whatever his name was I'm whammy touch Oh, yeah sure And that is that during Vietnam the people who really Aside from people like Joan by as in Hanway, Jane and all those people in show business But the people to grassroots people that really put the spotlight on the butcher in the insanity of us being there where the young people on a college campuses Right the young people today you look at the young male the in the polls the young males are the most right wing of all Yeah, they're pretty much big that's all in like is that macho thing we're gonna go get a brainwashed into this whole insanity And so where's the outrage I mean it's become very common place now used to be only me There wasn't anybody on here anywhere talked about the fact at least not as blatantly the election being stolen in 2000 now it's it's commonplace Every time you turn on any panel discussion they're talking about the fact you be public in stole the election and stole Florida in 2000 They didn't broad daylight But there's no outrage in American anymore you can do whatever and you want get away with it because the public doesn't give a flying crap It's amazing it's astonishing I mean it's one thing if you do it like a subversively Undercover behind the scenes like the Kennedy's did in 1960 and that's one thing all the dead people have voted in Chicago But it's another thing when you do it right out there and broad daylight when they suit when you have to call a Supreme Court your buddies and call in your chips What all those right wingers on a Supreme Court and ran a freaking renquest To stop the count because god only knows it's certain to look bad it's starting to slip away this holyly we build up And the public is like that just sit back and accept it and it's simple whatever So why shouldn't surprise anybody that these people come out and they lie and they lie and the weapons Amazes destruction and he was involved with Osama and Al Qaeda and Yadi Adiyad and all the other crap And here's the son of a bitch standing there right now and on our website we still got the picture of the standing there shaking hands with the Sodom in 1983 quality of life yeah quality of our life is going in the crap or thanks to you you Nazi bastard And the public just goes No matter what no matter what they do Out of my patience yeah, that's what it is And a Hall of Britain stuff and a Beck tell stuff and it just goes on and on and on and Richard Pearl All his a funny balloony interest at all a money that he's making By sacrificing human life and the public just doesn't give a flying crap They're busy watching too many realities Right all the dead people over there. That's a reality out some stupid jackass that I'll excuse me 142 I don't watch MTV they don't play any music 18 go to the Mad Dog at tour plot. They get to the important stuff sports It is this sound like use underpaid and overwork like our program director my operations manager Maybe like a new high-paying career, but don't have four years to waste on college if this sounds like you Fast train as your solution pick up the phone call fast train tool free at one eight six six Fast train they can have you train train and certified for high-paying computer Network professional career or high-paying medical computer specialist grain is little as four months just for easy Months out of your lifetime that's right You can be fully trained already for new career and is the lowest four months think about it in just four short months Like I said 45 times you can be on your way to a new high-paying career Whether you're working full-time or part-time fast train offers you convenient day evening and weekend classes They offer job placement assistance And financially to people acquire as well and because fast-range got locations all over town in Miami Kindle for Lauderdale and Geary atric tembro pines chances are there's about to be a fast-range close by you continue to relive So pick up that phone two day and change your life get out of your dead-end job and start making some real cash Call fast train at one eight six fast train and check them on her web too if you like it fast train.com That's one eight six six fast train be sure and tell me Todd Drek told you to call my Side Face And I think you keep me up on the risk and you're a couple of people And the couple of people are a bit heavy And I think that's it, and I think that's how it is My pain and my money is real when the case is in pieces My nest and those are my faces, I think that's how it is I think that's how it is, I think that's how it is I think that's how it is, oh, I'm feeling happy And feeling happy And turn on the new channel and see My pain and my money is real when the case is in pieces 147 and 560 WQL, we got the Mad Dog coming along It's through the BOOSTER for the Humper at 4 o'clock this afternoon After that, it's time to put the radio in the old freezer For a couple hours, let it look in the cooler as they go Yeah, let it cool out 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line WQA, and hello Neil, yes sir, good afternoon sir, happy to see you And back to you A couple of years with strong thermons Johnny Cash And New York City Johnny Cash Johnny Cash John, and Johnny Cash and George Clinton How come Johnny Cash is not our list anymore? He's on there And so he's George Clinton How about Sean Thurman? Strong thermon, I think we got on there We decided that he was on a celebrity Oh, that's right, he's not a celebrity Okay, he's a celebrity daddy Okay, thanks a lot, pal You got a bad echo there That echo drives me crazy I'm doing a great game of showing that in a tunnel In a spider hole 560, 560 How about that story I had yesterday That whole Osama deal, I mean, saw him He was hooked up ahead of time Yeah, nobody cares Don't confuse the American public with the truth Because it makes things too complicated We want to wave the flag We believe, whatever you tell us, we believe it, baby We believe, feed us any kind of craftman Your dark craft light craft diary Whatever, we believe, we believe We believe we'll eat enough man at the troll Whatever you got, how much you got, we'll eat it That's right, feed us feed us Oh, don't start with a feed us people Have a quick way in, hello You're sir? I think you're speaking Mal I was watching MSMB SINGLASS night And I asked him, what did you tot about Push? He said, I tell you he's always talking about和ing himself with my father father my father was a man and this guy's a wimp. What he said is guys is but this man is a wimp. Really? That was this Ron Reagan's junior the abominator. Oh go ahead, mom. He called a president of the wimp. Yeah, he called him up. That's a shot. Yeah. That would be like Paul in calling from the other side. Call a parent of the wimp. He says I think was smart when he gets him at the debate. He'll go out to his throat because he don't like people. You don't like people jumping on. You get to get really annoyed. I don't mind people jumping on me and all depends on what they look like. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I only Brittany don't mind it either, George. So the line starts right there's hope. I mean that's just nauseating to me. This guy and again the picture is very flattering. Some people are a photo genic and you see him in person. You think Jesus that's the person from the picture. He's only she's begging people uglier than me. There's always hope. Well first of all we don't know if it was consummated. I heard that article. It was consummated. Maybe it was consummated. My favorite soup. Maybe he just poured some consummated all over her ass. And the wedding picture which is not here in the sun. The wedding picture she had like almost nothing on. I don't want to say that she was a little bit. She ran into like that. She was just be the wrong thing to say. I don't have any had a series of articles about those from the Templars over the last. See I forget. I read so much of that crap. Have we had a series of those? Yeah. Forget I spoke so much of that. See that she was boozing out. You must begin the stuff that norm gets. What does he get? crap. Let's see. It says maybe the main reason the youth of day are not. I'll raise it. The very good point. That's good point. Excellent. Best facts we've had in that long time. Main reason the youth of day not. I'll raise because there's no draft like there was back during Vietnam. It's all like a movie or video game. That's right. It's all like by remote control. It's all way. It thousands of miles away. Way off there in the distance. Doesn't affect their life. And did I say that here a couple of months ago if we had the draft back then you'd see a whole different reaction, baby, which is why Charlie Rangle and some of the other Democrats were saying, Well, you know what? Since all you fat cats out there, your kids are going to be shipped out to Dinosaur Act. Let's bring back the draft and throw them in the open lottery there and see how you like it then. Much of phony bastards. You know, one thing about Dean he was on. Hardball here a while back with Chris Matthews. And Chris Matthews asked him about the other back thing and the deferment from. And he asked him flat out. He said, Well, when you were going for your exam that they were you hoping to avoid the draft and the Dean has first had he says, Well, I wasn't looking forward to going to Vietnam. And of course, you know Chris Matthews he keeps pressing and putting and he said, Were you hoping to avoid the draft and not go to Vietnam? He said, yes. And man, he got no vision to write. Now, seriously. Yeah. Because when the push came to shove, he gave the honest answer. Yeah, he was going to be a human sacrifice. Huh? He keeps getting trouble for doing that. Well, he's by the other. And that's right because like I said before, the public doesn't like that through. They like the bullshit man. They love it with ketchup with relish. They do they's laughing up with relish. And a little Tabasco sauce ain't bad either on it. That's what Peter Clayton said. 152 at five 60 W to Q a M. And Tony Curtis. Hey, this, what does it say the New Year is here? Oh, she is scared to hell out of me. I never know when you look at these new pieces of copy. You know, it's like, I'm surprised it doesn't say, hey, happy suckers. You know, but anyway, the New Year is here and a lot of people are going on diets right now. Try to live up to their New Year's resolution. The place to start is the lights of West Boca. Your low carb super store. What do you run the Atkins? The sugarbusters, the South Beach died. God forbid. Or any low carb sugar free die. Join the thousandth of the South Canadians who made the lights of West Boca. Then number one low carb store in the entire USA. And for good reason, because they've got over a thousand low carb products you can choose from. Including breads and bagels, cookies and crackers. Chips and brownies, chocolates, ice cream, pasta, sauces, catch up. Cheesecakes and lots more. They are free to one selection. They're open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10. And you've always tried anything in the store before you buy it. They got a friendly knowledgeable staff who knows dieting inside and out. And they carry the most complete line of Atkins, breads, products, they run sale all day every day. Even Dr. Bob is singing a different tune about it now. You know, the low carb that's rated number one. So head for the number one low carb sugar free store anywhere. The lights of West Boca on the northeast corner of Glades and 441. Next to Boston Market safely far away from Mozhaus in Boca. Or call him toll free at 1-877 low carb. That's LOWWCARB or on a web you'll find them at low carb.com. There's only one to lights of West Boca in your official Atkins retail center. The light and the local V6 V560. The radio's on your... PUSH U-A-M! Howard Babards of Bitch. You asshole! Oh, Canada! A land that's produced rock and roll is great as performers. And now, these legendary conuxtape tribute to one another on this new CD, The best of Canadians singing other Canadians, featuring Anne Murray's version of this rush classic. Modern day warrior Ming Ming's cry. Today's time for your Ming Ming cry. And rushes take on this Anne Murray standard. The best of Canadians singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from Z2. A like Celine Dion's rendition of this new young number. Awesome! Look at my life! You're a love like my husband running! You're a girl singing Celine Dion's biggest hit. I know that my heart of gold will go on. But it's not all. There's an I-A-Train singing riot at it. Crash test dummies doing the lattice more set. Snow wrapping the guests who and Gordon Whitefoot performing this, Bear naked lady smash hit. Pick up your copy of the best Canadians singing other Canadians. The great whiteboard has never been so great, or for that matter, so white. 157 at 5.60WQAM Abuse Scandal Dogs US Catholics. Alright! US Catholic Bishops today, faint progress against sex abuse, but more than 800 new molestation lawsuits in California indicated the church has yet to be putting the two-year scandal in its behind. According to which church ought to release today nearly all Canadians Roman Catholic bishops are carrying out a new mandatory policy they adopted to prevent sex abuse by priests. The review found 90% of the 195 US DICs were fully compliant with a plan. Among most considered out-of-compliance are the arts dICs of New York. Anchorage, Alaska, and Omaha, Nebraska. To pay the largest elements allowed to date the Boston DICs, these are a son gets official residence to help raise $85 million that's agreed to pay the victims. And even larger settlement is possible in California where about 800 people across the state to convince of a 12-month window that ended December 31 to fight molestation lawsuits against the Roman Catholic church. A lot of this grace, there's another deal, man. And a lot of suckers keep going every Sunday, they put the money in a plate, and they just keep subsidizing the biggest crush institution on the face of the globe. Like I told you before the show today, if you want to believe in fairy tales, if you want all your religious crap great, kill each other over it. Leave all the rest of us out of it, okay? Just leave the rest of us alone. Please, we're begging. We'll pay. You can do whatever to head you want. If you want to have a religious, a holy war, a geod, great. Kill each other until you can't kill no mol, but leave all the rest of us out of it. We're not participating. We're laying out. The religious nuts, excuse my redundance. Okay, here you go. Which celebrity death of 2003 made you the happiest? Sorry, Dean. I was with George and I both thought this was a great idea. The audience, Anne, Luke, warm. 242. And the reason I say Luke warm is, and maybe it's a good thing. There's only like a couple of people of three that they were happy to see died in 2003. I don't give a Schmidt about any 177, nearly 52%, CDacru 62, bye bye, CDacru 56, and Lenny Risa, whatever her name was, 12, who's making movies now for Don Rumsfeld. Bye bye! I'm silly, I'm losing, I'm dead now.