The first and Florida with an HD ring. Yeldys had sized this in Greece by three I hear. I'm a huge fan of Yeldys. Wow. My Yeldys for Dlergy. Just calm down, though, the Geldys can grandulation's best of luck to you, but come down. Ow! The reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 430 p.m. And the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets, and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces. The post office recommends that you mail early in the day, and for those with automobiles, alternate side of the street parking will be suspended. That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 430 p.m. Market Down. Tonight we are a country awakened today, and danger can call to the Fenphry Dog, called to the Fenphry Dog. But it does the soon call soon. Then we're done finding it done. Why does the scene rush to shoot a gratic conduct, all of them they need to walk? Don't they know, it's the end of the world, cause you don't love me anymore. This nation is a family school. Everybody will figure it out. Why does the birds call soon? They don't care, go running, go running, go running. Why does the stars go up on the ground? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why do I remain silent? Because the people of Pini were laying hard on these things. That means the country has changed from the way they plan on bugs. Your love splurves and dances, Oh I know of you babyù! I don't do much of it well when I'm kind of stupid fighting with you because my hud are all feeling Yeah?! Tangitap statementive flash Black ground moon How's that fashion baby I'm baking Rubber Samanise migrant Don't stop now Like the lighthouse Yo give it our Yo dislike the destruction I don't hate the lighthouse Yo I don't hate the lighthouse Hey, get the chalk! Let it all in! And it works your notion of the bransket. Let it all in! There is things behind, and it's behind my bolts. 10.03 at 5.60WQM. Who don't like a nice Rubin sandwich? Unless of course it's got too much of that like Russian dressing on it. Right, I like it dressing less. Right, but the crowd has who'd like soggy bread, right? Right. Anyways, think of a soggy, guldi man. His pants must be soggy by now. He is just on the ego trip to the likes of which we have seldom heard. You know? Just patting himself on the back with both hands. Get the carapark to you, okay? So Mike Russo, in the Ancent of his column today, which is all about Jacques Martan, the fired out of a coach, maybe coming to the panthers, but it looks from what I'm here and it looks more like Phoenix, okay? But nevertheless, if you work real cheap, which I doubt, real real cheap, maybe the panthers will pick him up, but they will mount out any moment now. The panthers are according to Mike Russo. Who lost a lot of weight, right? Beast, you could take a little message, a little lesson from him. He lost a tonney's vital. Yeah. He's your idol? Yeah. Wow. He was huge and now he's not. Yeah, and I understand he did it without any stomach stapling, the Josh Friedman method he did with all I would just did it on his own. And what I'm here in the rumor is that the reason he lost so much weight is that Rimmer was buying all of his meals for him. For the last couple months. That'll always do it. Can I get all that? Yeah, you can get on the Rimmer diet. He'll build by all your meals, and which you'll be pretty hungry most of the time, but nevertheless, weightless is poor off your ass. Mike Russo writes that Panthers are expected named W.C.C. Steve Galvey Gelsstein, their radio play by Play Broadcast today. He replaces old Jigsmeek Donald who retired. He retired. And not a moment too soon, like I said. Funny daddy old, I mean Jigsmeek is okay. And then playing that little promo there at the end of the show this morning of him doing a little play by playing Call of Duty. Goal that was shocking, wasn't it? I mean talk about self-aggrandizement. Don't you think? I would have the top. He didn't play that Robert played that. And well, regardless of Robert played it, what else Robert still do in our thought by now he'd be fired at it or something? That's he still doing there. God. The longest retirement in the history of the human race. We got some good news for today boys and girls. Great news, although the one bad piece of news and you know I can't even find a story anywhere. There was a Marine kill the US Marine kill the Iraq yesterday. But now the deaths are so commonplace that it's, you know, we don't like that bad news. So I can't find it anywhere. Yeah. Well, I try to like put that on every day so we don't just assume and just overlook all of these things. But we do have some good news. Marlins today, baby. Free game short 12 30 diamond backs at the Marlins 105. Better good over there and support your Marlins. No, what do they do? They won two out of three so far in his series. Yeah. First two, they kicked their ass 11 to 21 seven eight, but lost three two yesterday to Randy Johnson. Don Trell. We're three to two and the papers made it sound like, oh, just wasn't the same. Don Trell. What does that mean? Three two doesn't exactly sound like a bushwacking. And of course the lightning beat Philadelphia. Oh, right. Oh, one on Saturday to win at series. Gonna be Calgary and Tampa Bay ABC's worst nightmare is coming true. Tampa Bay and Calgary. Holy moly. How many people in the US gonna be watching that? I'm turning man. It's gonna be weak. Maybe Cal they can do the game. Oh, practice for a season that may never come. I told him this morning. I said, you may be the first guy ever hired for a job that never gets actually do it. Wouldn't that be something if they canceled the season next year because of a lockout. And then they like trimmed down the league and floored of the panties. We wanted the teams to get smoked. Wouldn't that be bad? To the people who care which they realized there aren't many, but I'm guilty. I would care a lot. And so would Rimmer and lot of your good friends. I'm not. Yeah. Oh, and now you picking on guilty, that was never shot. I love him dearly. Now what did he do to you? Nothing. We just haven't hung out yet. Why not? Hasn't invited me down anything good yet. I understand that if he does hang out, it's kind of scary. But that's the rumor. I like it. That's what I'm supposed to say this morning. Boy, you talk about a dead man in the suit. That picture he showed to him in OP from what he'd been Anthony. No, seriously, that was scary to me. He's OP's dad. I think they just propped him up and he really is a dead man in a chair. I was going to say the suit in a cowboy outfit. What a big tech. Maybe hello, guilty is 10 gallon head. Why are these people calling now? We only have a 2.5 hour show and there are people calling. And I was really playing on taking a big call. Thank you. QA, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I mean, you started out from Monday when it was depressing though. But as I was watching the editorial with Michael Pettney last night, or yesterday morning, I'm sorry, gentlemen from the IA, the energy commissioner where everyone in college was predicting within the next 12 to 18 months that regular gasoline would be from $4 to $5 a gallon. Thank you very much for those questions. He is a professional. He's a top-blender. And I drive an SUV. So I'm thinking about it. I'm thinking of getting it. It's cost me $70 a silver tank now. So you can imagine that $4.5 a gallon. But every time you do it, just stop and think about those Saudi chics and about how happy you're making them. Every time you do it, it'll pass. All right, Neil. Thanks for the bad news. Thank you. How do you like that? So it's important that we took that call. How much is it going to be a gallon? $40 a gallon. That's going to be in the summertime. And of course you notice they just happen to be gouging the crap out of you. Now that the summer months are coming to people going on vacation to heavy duty, peak driving time. Probably when it gets to be about the 4th of July or about 80 bucks a gallon. But compared to all this crap about one, inflation adjusted for a place. Nobody cares about that. Nobody cares. They don't want statistics. They don't want to pay a 5 bucks a gallon a gas or three bucks either. They don't want to get raped at it. Okay, because this crowd don't take that gang rate of salutes. It's funny. Not this crowd, not America. Our poll question on the Friday. About 1900 votes. So I guess even though they didn't like the poll, it was okay. Who do you think is the all-time craziest celebrity? You know who we left? Of this? All the crap you could unwrap. Yeah, all of he ain't no celebrity. He's just a dodging old fool. Michael Jackson 800 and 70. Nobody came close to touch in Michael and then again the who the hell would want to. Mike Tyson 178. And after that small potatoes. Ozias born 94 Denise Rodman 88. Denise Poppand didn't get any. Andy Kaufman 73. Courtney Love 63. Yeldee's doing the Panther game. OJ Simpson 60. Gary Bucee 56 as in Q 56. Judy Garland 36. Who is Yeldee's right now? Yeah, dead somewhere. Okay. Over the way. Right. Howard Hughes 35. Chuck has been 32. Ted Nugent. But third man. Scott for Rale 29. Fair for Rale. With a big potty mouth. As much trouble as he was on the year. The word that I'm here is that he was about a thousand times more trouble off the year, which we can't tell you about. That's the story. The impact. Yeah. That's why he ain't here no more. And he coming back. Jonathan winters 26. Robin Williams 23 Bobby I 23 Joe. Conroyo 23. What a traffic. Robin Williams Bobby Newton Joe Carroyo. And H. 22. Sevish 19. John Maluch 18. And Nicole Smith 18. Keith Moon and lies in Manelli 17. Xavier Swar is 11. He's knocking on the door right now in his bathroom. Margo Kitter 7 Bobby Brown 5. Liz Taylor 5 Richard prior 5 Tommy Lee 5. When owner rider's got four, Whitney Houston 2 and Jerry Lee Lewis only won. That's probably a generational thing. You think I'm sure because anybody that mirrors his five year old cousin or whatever. He was and uh, hangs out in the bathtub a lot. Uh, this something maybe not. Not good. Yeah, but she's probably like 50 now. So it's okay. Hannah has five reports from the beast on a new lexan theory show on Zeta. The rumors that we're hearing is that the show sucks. It's basically redneck advice trailer trash advice from a couple of Yahoo's In Jacksonville is what I'm hearing. Could be. That's the living correct. Lex and Terry all our problems are over. And of course old Paul and ancient Ron over there on big one. Oh six now they're really kicking ass their own course. That's what I heard a couple of minutes of them when I was in town. It was brutal. In fact, I'm driving to the track Friday night to Pomp and O Park. And I can't even begin to tell you how grotesque radio isn't so bad. I guess I don't have to tell you right. No, no, seriously. What is that all about? Well, I mean, first of all, you who, who do that? And I know anybody told us on Friday morning by the way, I'd like to point out Clarence. Nobody told us that the Humper wasn't going to be on. So I'm promoting Hank Goldberg at four. And what do we get? We get a beaten switch. Oh, my God. So I'm on the way to the track and air is a gacky's voice. And I start nodding off and sliding off the road. So immediately with my last gas before I got myself killed, punch the button. And of course, there ain't nothing listen to him. I'm not going to listen to Todd Schmidt. Who is nothing but a large ass light, Junior. And there is not the A and B and his gone. It's history. No speaking English, I.E. So I punch over to FM. Man, was that a mistake or what? Yeah, why? No, sir. He's better. As bad as it used to be. It's a thousand times worse right now. There's nothing. You can't complain about radio and software because generally speaking there isn't any. So kiss your radio right now. They still got us. It may not be much, but you still got us. Give it a big kiss right now. And the radio too. Right. Right. Boy, just wrote test horrible stuff. What they have, Rod. 1013 at 560W. Who I'm don't forget we got the ball game. The Marlins host of the Diamondbacks. Get out there. Let's have a crowd or something. Boy, is that Shula stake 2 and I mean, legs from 4 to 7. The ballmyster. Uh, then you got Turcoon Hotline at 7. Are you going to be on that thing? Yeah. Oh, and then the Beast 8 to 10. So he's got quite a beast is in for the big. Oh, and 8. So he's quite a superstar today. It's all beast all day. If your radio seems to be getting a little bit heavier. Any K10 and after that it's, uh, whatever. All this week we got Howard. We got Mo and the big. Oh, going to big. Oh, from, uh, 5 to 8 and then guilty for Joe Rose's on vacation 8 to 10. We forgot to say something. What's that? To the two who the Beast? Yeah. It's your birthday? Was yesterday. Well, let's, oh, let's bring a big cake. Okay. Let's watch him go out right on the air. We got crispy green donuts. He's already had eight. All right. Excellent. There you go. Happy birthday to the Beast and it's been nice. No one. You know, boom. Speaking of crappy stuff. Boom is not just regular ordinary crappy TV, but it's high definition TV. Delivered by a satellite dish. HD receiver. The picture is so superior. TV. It's like comparing your latest DVD to a scratch-y old Edison flick. Boom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV. Oh, by the way, Edison was a virulent anti-Semite. Did you know that? Yes, I did. Oh, I didn't know that till last night about the channel. Boom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV. It's got the most HD TV anywhere and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the Ottoman HD TV experience, including satellite dish HD receiver and the remote. Boom has got over 30 channels. Not 30, man. HD programming. You can watch ESPN and high definition too. That's three times more channels than you get from cable and they've got all your other favorite channels too like HBO and TV. Even your local local channels, even a rookie Sanchez show. Boom's got over 120 channels are great entertainment. Boom even has exclusive channels of HD movies, music and sports that you can't even get from your cable and satellite company. So with Boom you got all the crappy bad now plus all these awesome high definition channels as well. Boom. Today at 1 8 6 6 8 4 8 8 6 6 6 6 or visit boom.com for a limited time offer that includes free installation, no upfront cost and no long term commitment. That's 1 8 6 6 8 4 8 8 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 or boom.com to start booming today. But you better do it this way because the offer ends may 31. 5 5 and local year sports video 5 60's you a few a.m. Bill Rogers got. Oh, that's a few some more prisoners. Alright. Then scream nice and loud. Get me some words and a fatally pan. I don't care if they ain't from my back to you. You just do the torture. Just play their game in the past. It had to be worse with the dumb who's saying. 10 18 at 5 60. Guilty the voice of the pan. There's man. That's pretty exciting news in it. Okay. Oh, see you don't care because you don't care about the pan. If you're more of a team player, you'd say, yes, whatever own people man who is way that bad of a guy and even that squeaky voice. He's, you know, making some progress. Huh? Good for him. There you go. See you on sound really sincere, but nevertheless. Fenty page is are behind the velvet rope behind the beaded curtain that a Bitty page is 110 years old or close to it. Then he was born on April 22nd April, you know, like I said, 1923 in Nashville. Her father, you know what her father's name was? Roy. Was an automaticer mother Edna was part Cherokee. Doesn't say which part. Her parents divorced in 1933. She's 10 years old. Betty and her two sisters have sent to an orphanage in Nashville for a year. She attended a home fog high school makes three days, participates in the wake club and school plays and it's the school newspaper in yearbook. Really dates. Uh oh. You know what it means when it says really dates. But in this case, I don't think so. Graduates in 1940 because that she was crushed of barely miss being named Valerie Torrin by Quitter of a point and loses the chance for a four year scholarship at Vanderbilt. In rolled in the Peebitty College for Teachers in Nashville in a daughter's of the Merckon Revolution scholarship, she's graduated with a BA in 1944. Mary's Billy Neale sometime in 1941. He's immediately inducted in the armed forces. But he moves to San Francisco with her sister and uh and earns a screen test with 20th century Fox and 45 which does not go well. She finds work as a secretary and occasionally models for a full company. Works as a secretary and Haiti persips months in 1947. A pottery turned to the states of Tansy divorce from her husband. Most of the New York works as a secretary. This is just goes on and on meets Jerry Tibs, a policeman in part time photographer on a beach at Kony Island the summer 1950. He suggests that she comb her bangs down in front to compensate for a high forehead and the Betty Paige look is born. Oh my god. I like that. I bet you didn't know that. No, I didn't. Not that we care but there you go. That's where the Betty Paige look came from. Something with bangs. Uh, begins working full time as a pin-up model meets Irvin claw in 1951. You mess with the Falcon. You get the claw. Photographs are in various states of bondage. Betty begins to attain some renown as the queen of bondage. I didn't know that. Did you? Yeah, I did. No that. At the time of the photo session or sold on a lucrative subscription basis. The customers' opinates specific requests is to the scenes in layouts. Betty is set up with how many of these quite amusing. Appears as a performer in strip or ram a burlesque film starring Lily Saints' Sierra the famous Vigas Showgirl in 53. Variety's and T-Zaram of 54.55 soon follow, with claw producing she makes at least 50 series of infamous 100-foot short-stag films. Much of this work can be seen in the video uncovered. Around this time, Howard Hughes contacted Claude Bob Meadee Betty and bringing her under his ages, but she defined the offer. She didn't like the way his ages looked. In 1954, she meets Bonnie Eager and Florida. They're set to get the generate some of the most famous Betty page photos. Some of these were sent to Hugh Heffner and meets, uh, Mae Betty, Plamed in the month for January 55 and Playboy. Amazingly, Betty is pretty much sure that 32 years of age at this point. But there's an epic picture of, uh, she was gross. When? She had big hoods in this picture, man. Oh, brother, Groot. It looks like a guy. It looks like one of, you know, those pictures at the, uh, at the, at the, at the, at the, at the, at the, Carnival at the circus. All right. Where you have to, the head on the, your head on somebody else's body, right? Little cut out thing. Right. Your head to it. Irving Claude's arrested for conspiracy to distribute of seam material through the S. Maillard 63. Betty's called the test to find a private session. He's reported to have said the claw was absolutely innocent of charges. But it says here the claw around this time a pornography said to have placed Betty's head on another woman's body. See? Oh, that's the deal. He's been disturbed by this Betty spends much of her savings buying up the photo. It was burned out of the modeling business. She retires in the East New York. She decided it was time to retire. Mary's Arnold Walterson in 58 lives in Key West. The Union doesn't work out on the 31st December 59. She's got a religious experience. His born again, dedicated to herself to Christianity. How do you like that? Over the next few years, she works for various Christian organizations. Then returns to Nashville in 63. She briefly were Mary's building the operative to help her gain entrance in the missionary work. But this marriage is also a failure. Irving claw dies in 66. Betty moves to Florida in 67. Mary's hairy, lear, and divorces him in 72. Boy, she's your got around. Lives in LA with her brother is the Betty Page cult builds through the 80s. In the 1990s, we interviewed via phone. She told to be a reporter from the Lifestyle's of Rich and Famous. She had no knowledge of any of this. Tell him that she was penniless and infamous. Recently, she's hired a law firm to help her be cooped up some of the profits being made with her likeness. It's been estimated that over 20,000 photos of Betty have been taken. There's one. If you're open to each of 100, have ID to prove it on our behind the scenes behind a velvet roll. Whatever it is. Now, the examiner reports, because this is all glitzzy showbiz craft before we get the important stuff. And I got a lot of it. So between now we only got 12, 30. We'll all do a pound of cheese to the beast who don't want to hear all these bedtime stirs. Oh, he's really care. He just eating. They're cool. No, then. Not in your opinion. Of course, Miguel's probably wondering, are my galshaved is face today. I just want to audience know that. Who keep in track? Yes. So you can see how extra fat it is now. Really? Is he getting fat? That's because he's married and has his face. He got married. He's like, you know, he got one kid or two. One. They just have the one. So far. No, right. That we know of, right. But you know how that goes, George. Yeah. I do. One that we know of, and maybe another one, Bruin somewhere. We'll be talking about it. Kary Grant Randolph Scott speaking of making babies had a gay marriage. Says the examiner. What about a charade? It says legendary movie, Heartthrob Kary Grant may have had five wives. But his real soulmate was fellow actor Randolph Scott his secret spouse. Oh my God. That's the blockbuster revelation in a new documentary movie about the divinator star called Kary Grant, a breed apart. Maybe they were breeding. Produces of the film which they viewed at the recent Cannes Film Festival say they have a menu signed by Scott or what he calls Grant my spouse. And that the much of them were actually a warm and doding couple. Ah, got a picture here. They're sitting on a pool on the pool. What? Water? Oh, on a diving board in the pool. Interpating suits. And Randolph Scott his hands on Kary's back. Well, maybe he's just put on the lotion on his, uh, Grant and Scott who were known was known for his westerns appear together in 1932, flick hot Saturday and became roommate soon after the handsome pair later posed half naked together for beef cake photos. According to the documentary, though, both men would marry. They remained lifelong lovers. Yeah. Why? Why? Is that word? He's a lover. He should be just seeing the motion that you're just, well, why is then? You got the decent in there. He and Clarence are lovers. That's wrong on there. Ah! In fact, as his birthday gift Clarence took him to Massachusetts to Boston as we get in the tie the knot. We went to Pital. By the way, speaking of knots, you ever see a Donuts and suds coolman together? Same person. By Agra for Rob Mosley tells how in the 70s that two by then old and white here, we're seeing holding hands late one night in the restaurant of a Hollywood hotel. And that lovely? Ah! The movie claims Grant's gate tenancies were fueled by his tragic childhood. As the young boy, the British born stars father, Lidon, bought having his mother committed to an asylum and didn't see her or learn a truth for nearly 20 years. Grant whose many movies include North by Northwest, charade and a fair to remember, had one child Jennifer Naut 38 with his fourth wife, actress, Diane Kinnan, a relation to Frank Cannon. Not had two children with a second wife, but the actors were so close and seen they could not live without each other. Grant died in 1986 and 802's Scott passed away just three months later at the age of 89. I wouldn't be surprised if they were buried side by each, just like a Edgar Hoover and Clyde Poulson. Was that his name? That was his name? They were buried side by each. Did you know that? Oh, what over in that? In fact, maybe underground. Maybe when the earth shakes under Keralk King's feet, maybe that's what's going on with his other. Maybe there's a little something happened underground. 26 past 10 at 560WM here on the Marlins pre-game show. If you're still a little bit hesitant to buy a bit over the phone, I can't imagine why because for over 25 years millions of people have dialed 1-800-MATTR-ES for the lowest prices on the best brands in betting. You can't beat it. It's the easiest possible way to buy name brand mantras at an unbeatable price too. There's absolutely no risk because if it's not perfect in every single way, just call a back for a full-competit exchange. No problem. It's completely free within 30 days. But, totally man! No extra fees, no strings attached. Dilemactors is ranked number O'O'N'O' in customer satisfaction. And we're winners of the 2004 better business. Bureau local Torch of Excellence Award. When you call 1-800-MATTR, you get the best prices on the best brands with delivery on your schedule. And the best customer service in the business. Why would you waste any of your time? Sluffin' from showroom to showroom unless you're some kind of a moron. Dilemactors has to complete line of silly, certain King coalescence. Dilemactors can deliver the finest betting around. But you need to do what I've been doing for years, along with just about anybody else of QAIM. Make that one easy call. That's all you have to do. 1-800-MATTR-ES or log on to their website, MacRis.com. 1-800-MATTR-ES or log on to their website, MacRis. 1-800-MATTR-ES or log on to their website, MacRis. 1-800-MATTR-ES or log on to their website, MacRis. 1-800-MATTR-ES or log on to their website, MacRis. 1-800-MATTR-ES or log on to their website, MacRis. 1-800-MATTR-ES or log on to their website, MacRis. 1-800-MATTR-ES or log on to their website, MacRis. 1-800-MATTR-ES or log on to their website, MacRis. 1-800-MATTR-ES or log on to their website, MacRis. 1-800-MATTR-ES or log on to their website, MacRis. They did not do Oh show by our Nazi occupation That's a booger Now we're all screwed And there's stopping trees Like the freedom reign And I'll let you fight far by and do that thing And those they get in place Black women are piled They're the cold at moment And they keep in mind And I'll over three of them That's great best for us And we'll just let go of the tragedy of our father We'll just let go of our father We'll only follow our orders We'll split between people Can we come in to help that bullby? That's been hurt like rocker on a Saturday night Ever seen Dennis Kirkpitz, James Henry, or together? Eight out Same person, one doesn't shake as much 1033 is much one 1033 is five sixty to WQAM Happy Monday to you Man are we happy or what? Yeah, we're doing it in Marlins Baseball In 1230 with a pregame, what? I'm happy And you forgot all about it Yeah, it did So I remind you this morning So I'm not the It's a matter of fact I went online last night Because I really wasn't aware of myself Which days and we had a couple of days this week And one next week What do we get into Marlin Gamerly? Like next Wednesday, I don't want to get ahead of myself This week Monday and Thursday we got Marlin Baseball In fact Thursday, the pregame show is at NON We're trying to like go screw off or anything like that But we are We're going to not want to work If you can now work in GidPad What kind of a vetor deal is there that that? I mean we may have a little less time to save the world But we can And whatever time as a matter of fact if they want to cut their show down like five to minutes a day just like a little commentary in between the spots I have no problem with that. I don't know what are those air horrors, you know There's some people like the beast for example. He wants to be a you remember who was it that told us that last year? They said one thing about the beast whatever show he's on he wants to dominate He wants to be on there all day long and what's wrong with that? I'd like to know any sign here today with us because Josh short this is gonna over and hold day of event boring Handering a Marlon game. He's got to do that and then the beast is on her cool hotline at seven And then he's in for the big for eight to ten so it's like almost all beast radio He's big in the end of the world when and when I'm on and Moazon and Boazon It is a pretty much all beast radio when it came right down to it I'll be gonna pick on Kimba Boa Boa camper because he'll step right on your ass I said Cardio coming up. Oh, it's great everything you take care of it. They get give me back that 450 no Which of these here's our pool today? I'll give it a little just a brief background on why I'm taking this pool because we've done it religious Many times Paul. Oh, well, I was on a plane. By the way, thanks to my good friends in air Canada You guys are the best please don't call out of business So last week's newsweek may 24th which is today, but it's really last week's news because the new one comes out today It's got off-med Chalabi that extorter criminal slime ball Trader spy all of these things. They got him on a cover. How much for this one? This one has got a picture of on a fraud Tim La He and Jerry B Jenkins Their new profits of revelation why they're biblical left behind now because of sold 62 many copies and county and There's several articles in this issue which will make you want to puked your guts out About the bush people and about what they believe in the pop profits and about the and but there's a little pole in here Which I found to be staggering staggering and I don't care what any of you say and the religion is that the at the root of almost all of the grief and sorris and Grotesque crap in a world the hate yeah the killing The justified the Four hour above yeah Anyway, what we believe a newsweek pool engages Americans opinions on the book of revelation and the end times 36% of Americans believe that the book of Revelation contains true prophecy 47% say it's metaphorical 55% think that the faithful we take it up to heaven in the rapture oh my god 70 crayon now here comes the one my favorite 74% of Americans believe that Satan exists among evangelicals the number increases to 93% Yeah And as a real good kicker here for if you wonder why there's so many crazy people doing so many crazy things 17% believe that the end of the world will occur in their lifetime how do you like that? 17% of Americans believe the end of the world will occur in your lifetime. That's why I played that the end of the world stuff at the beginning of the show And of course there's some of these naturally And for this is one of the reasons that they're so in love with Israel all the lot of my Jewish friends in Florida Don't understand that and no one will understand that Their motives are a little suspect event Because they're not all the Jews can dial the non-believers can die all the reevaled he risk Jesus Gotta come down and grab them up there and bring them to heaven That's right just swoop them right up there or to down here over there where what it is or what to have it I thought that what was there what's his name was hanging on heaven the blonde kid? What is his name? The blonde kid that was in that movie played a male strip or they would have a Chris that Chris that is name me. I didn't have a new verb Griffin would know he used to have money show all the time He had him sit on his lap. I believe Which of these best describes what you believe careful now? This ain't the non-ina mushroom all right We can make a whole a photograph of her remarks. Yeah, I'm a sporting we're watching and listening on a message See just the usual it's an SNM kind of an exercise every morning before our show and there's running some some lines on that show Which I mean if it was just on the cable and they dumped it on the radio show then it's one thing But if that stuff was going on a radio Wow wow wow It was incredible and I must was making this impassioned plea about opion Anthony and how they ought to be on the ear And what's wrong with Viacom and they have no balls and they should put him back on and how he thinks opening is his opi is his son All the so the crap and this coming from the mouth of a dead man You know who really bothers me on that show even more than I'm as cuz he is what he is is that ass-looking Charles you know the news guy Charles McLeard whatever his name. He's an ass-looker. That's all well. I'm man and you know and all he says all right things You know all right right wing things Which of these best describes what you believe that's our poll question. There we got some votes there already. Let's take a few could that It's all a pile of volgement 63 that was my vote It's all a pile of crap out of 150 six votes already I'm agnostic. I don't know 47. That was George's vote Well, cuz I know you're too gutless to say right right keep saying that that just relax okay Jesus You're so easy man. You're just too easy Yeah, you don't even have to punch the butt. Let me punch you. See there you go No, at least make an exercise There is a hell and we're living in a 20-war Ford and 21. I see I left that end vigorously So that there could be various interpretations like maybe they mean South Florida right cuz like living hell Which I would agree with that and Or maybe they just mean though maybe we are in hell Give her stop and think about that. Oh, yeah But why are we what do we do what are we doing? Is there this? Well, you don't remember it, but you did it. Oh There is not hell only heaven four there is a heaven hell and purgatory for and Armageddon is coming soon only two Speaking of Armageddon coming soon up president he's gonna be speaking tonight. The networks aren't gonna carry it But of course the talking headnet works work here it cuz they got nothing else to put on Anybody gonna be watching it? No, these not gonna be watching. I guarantee that. Yes, I will Why is that? I watch to see what the footer he comes out is my oh my god You want to see if his tricycle falls over again. Yeah, that's bad. He loses training wheels. Oh Making and then if you go on miss a fudge report You can see the picture of El Presidente with the what is nose and his chin all like bloody up a little bit little scrape You know he's waving a look at me. I'm a moron. We know that we know that see it would be one thing if he was a moron and it was funny The problem being he's a moron and he's dangerous very very dangerous Which is why all these people are dying every day like at that wedding it was a wedding We got the pictures now. You see the pictures. Oh, wasn't a wedding. Oh, I see Let me just tell you right now. You know general mark him and over there are spokesmen in Iraq anything You say as you immediately assume it's a lie. They didn't find any instruments No, no, they did find instruments that they were like smashed to smithereens They found the remnants of what used to be insuments. Oh, they got the remnants of what used to be children Maybe that's why we lied about how they weren't any children really there is we found the remnants of what used to be children But now we're like smages smithereens like those instruments. I wasn't no geek tart with the instruments of mass repression 1040 20 till what we better hurry it up and there's the mic a more they just show briefly if the can film festival 20 minutes standing oldation wins the award again for the second straight time lucky Did with bullying in colabine for fair and height 911 which will be out this summer Which you will be able to see and from everything I'm reading about it is absolutely outstanding aren't you reading that? Oh, yeah all about it No, seriously But same must see You know summer time in South Florida guarantees three things heat humidity in hurricanes You can't control the weather but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season Florida new coat hurricane shutters installed shutters and over 3000 homes in South Florida over the past decade from panels According to rolled-on or Bahamas shutters Florida new coat hurricane shutters makes it easy for you to select a hurricane protect that your home needs Call them at nine five four eight six eight 49 35 for your free Home estimate if you own a two-story home in a how much trouble is using a letter to put up your shutters But Florida new code now offers a new steel panel system designed to be installed from the inside On second floor windows would no need for ladders and falling in breaking your neck Delivering give you credit for your existing hurricane protection toward any new purchase to so call Florida new code hurricane shutters today Now's the time to do it at nine five four eight six eight 49 35 that's nine five four eight six eight forty nine thirty five Florida new coat hurricane shutters providing South Florida hurricane protection over the past decadeAshnan Don'tはい how great and small, Oh! Oh, thing! Now, and dangerous! The Lord not bay them! Hesnols, lean this run! And hate! H Wisly it'll swish! If you made the 4 divine nations who like the Shots pages! Or you sure..? We said that all service, all full space, great and soul. Huge, great, well-and-gand, we just, all full, full, full, full, full. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. What a dark day and made, mystery and gangrene, Mario and all the stuff in between. What's not, I like. A pottylactic politics, this article in the same issue Newsweek, May 24 last week's, do we, the ties that bind, Bush and La Heave, a history and a shared sense of mission, and you will pee your pants when you read that. The whole thing. I know all about it. The religious people are the crazy people under the scary people, they're the dangerous people, and they want to lead us down to Garden, Patty, only problems we don't want to go. No thanks. We don't want to participate. We're really good. No thanks. Go, thank you. I'll pass you. Although, well, pass us in Texas. We don't want to go there because you know who's from there. Anyway, Jennifer's in the 60 minutes, and you all saw that, so I don't want to waste my time being all this. Well, I don't have time. I didn't see it. You didn't see it last night. You're going to watch Bush on TV talking the same crap tonight, but you didn't watch 60 minutes last night. It was my birthday. Was it a hurricane, badminton tournament or something? I was out to dinner with my girlfriend, really. And we had dinner. We're gee, I had steak. And what happened after dinner? We went home and watched the sopranos. And it was a good episode. And after that, we went to sleep together. Separately. In the same place. We're old fashioned. We have two beds in the same room. Wait a minute, you're shacked up with some broad? No. Holy moly. I thought that the news about Kelly was exciting. The Beast is shacked up with some female. If he's alive. I think I didn't ask that question. Is she alive? It's far the nose. It's not as meralde. Is it? Who? Because quasi-moderate to hold the job on hers. What I'm hearing. Anyway, just I'm happy for it. That's great. That goes to show you. The Disparados out there that are wasting your time. And it was chat rooms and all the other crap. And all those porno sites online. There. If the Beast can get laid, man. Or is hope for all of you guys. That is really. Huh? Go to jate.com. You'll be, wow. That is fantastic. Well, that's where he hooked up with clearance. A lot of people thought it was in the building. He answered an anonymous ad on jate.com. And it turned out to be clearance. They met in Denny's or not Denny's. They co-op on that. We've been at the Rascal House. At the Rascal House? Oh, hey. General Zinny said they've screwed up. I'm only going to read like two sentences. Retired General Anthony Zinny is one of the most respected and outspoken military leaders of the past two decades. Now in a new book about his career, Corritain with Tom Plancy called Battle Ready, Zinny has handed up a skating indictment of the Pentagon and it's conduct of the war in Iraq. And in the book, Zinny writes, in the lead up to the war in Iraq, and to the Iraqi war in its later conduct, I saw a minimum true dereliction negligence and responsibility at worst lying in competence and corruption. How do you like that? Oh, my God. Oh, she's getting to work out today. Oh, my God. We go grammar. How do you like that? Let me read that one sentence again. I saw at minimum true dereliction negligence and irresponsibility at worst lying in competence and corruption. They lie like crazy. The same thing with if he had not was exactly the same for those of us old farts old enough, or having lived you all about nightmare that horror. Or everything was going great. They lied about the body, can't they lied about everything? But anyway, politicians lying what a concept. That really really happens. Bible argument spurs boiling oil charge. I'll get the religious stuff out of the way first. Eugene Orgon. Woman is accused of pouring boiling oil on her boyfriend's face and argument over a Bible verse. Angela S. Morris, 19, was charged with domestic violence assault and jailed on quarter-million dollars bail. Her 31-year-old boyfriend whose name was not released was hospitalized with severe burns on his post-neck in chest. The tour rea reading the Bible at the Boyfriend's apartment made their teeth with Morris one day. Now you aren't reading the Bible last night with your lovely lady, where you're peck now. Oh. The tour reading the, all of some of you probably said, oh, God, that's good during course of the evening. We can only hope. We can only pray. The tour reading the Bible at the Boyfriend's apartment made their teeth with Morris one to the kitchen to fair French fries police said, Trave. Morris told police that they continued to argue that a Boyfriend grabbed her from behind from behind. Back home. Yeah. Sounds like my experience at the doctor last week. Very date. Police said he then went to his bedroom to lie down. Morris followed him through the oral on him. Police said, how do you like that? Because they were, are you going to buy a full first? Oh. All of this stuff written by stupid, ignorant, ramesses thousands of years ago. But the Bible says this. See, this is why there's very little hope for the human race because we have doddling idiots running around. And what's really important is life is, you know, Christianity or Judaism or Islam or, and then these people have got the balls to talk about. What if, oh, no, he just pardoned that to one of those Rauhwako cults. Oh, I see a Wako cult as opposed to the mainstream religion. Uh huh. Arts dice, he's a minisettles with sexual abuse victim. Naples, a former altar board will collect 135 grand from the arts dice. He's a minisettles, a sexual misconduct, lost it against the defraught Catholic priest. I'll be forget in that too deeply. Muff tomorrow morning, because we want to wish him well. He's going for his annual physical examination. He was at the semi-weekly semi-monthly. He's a real happy cadre at you. Attention men. Yeah. In a civil, what party your body area most concerned about? You said, Raccoon. A former altar board speaking to that will collect 135 grand from the arts dice. He's a minisettles, sexual misconduct, lost it against the defraught Catholic priest. The settlement against minisettles, bishab, John C. Favallora and former priest, William Romero, no relation to Caesar. Was reached earlier this month, said, Tell some of the victims attorney, although he does like good Caesar salad. Our dice, he's lead is initiated. The settlement he said. The victim identified in court papers only as A.B. That's the initials. Not his name, not A.B. They're a committee-gloom name, A.B. I don't think. A accused Romero of initiating inappropriate conduct in 1976 when the boy was 12. First of the child's home, and later on an overnight stay at the St. Anne rectumary. An overnight stay. I'd like to know about the parents of these kids have been molested. Are you people ever going to smarten up or what? No. Are you ever going to wise up? The 66 year old former priest to resign from the clergy last year, met an internal diocese probe, declined comment over the weekend. A spokesman for the Mami Archdiocese declined to discuss the case, other than to acknowledge a settlement had been reached. On to the table. I wonder what else they were grabbing on to the table. Zalman said he settled a case at the Instructivist's client. Now a 40-year-old married father who recently moved from Lee County to California. Romero still faces two other six of his lawsuits finalized year in Miami. Southwest Florida was part of the Mami Archdiocese till 84, when Catholic churches in Cod, your lease, Sarasota, and several of the counties became part of the new diocese of Venice. And how is that possible? Have you ever driven through Venice? No, Florida? Yeah. I mean driven through it. No, in I-75. You have many people living Venice? Not third man. Why would it be the diocese of Venice? It's one of the smaller. It's like a summer basari soda. Stop asking questions. Oh, I'm sorry. Well, Venice, you're a Italian. I see. You've got Naples in Venice and Phenens. I guess they figured it's got that kind of like Vatican aroma to it. Like a Vatican. It's a dinch. Oh, look at this. Territory. We'll kill Madonna. I'll just shed a... This is from the British online sun. Madonna has asked three gigs in Israel after Territory threatened to kill her in her kids. Don't want me to forget that Bill Cosby story. I never liked Bill Cosby until I read that story yesterday. It's on our website. I never liked him. I didn't hate him, but he just thought he was annoying. Especially with those yellow pudding. What else was he on besides his own show? That Albert. With his hostables. No, but besides that, he used to be on some games shows or something. I spy. Oh, yeah. He tried to spy was actually a good show. That was with Robert Cout. That was the only good thing he ever did. Picture pages be said. Picture pages. What's that? There's a kid's picture page. Just picture pages. Never heard of it. Madonna has asked three gigs in Israel after Territory threatened to kill her in her kids. The singer was terrified by a blitz or is that a blitz of poison pennletters. Oh, I'm blue blitz. Well, Missy thought maybe a Connie made it just like she made the canola's for a Eli Wallock. She thought maybe Connie made the blitzes. Magic freaked out when she learned of a Territory's plot to kill her to young children as she performed in Israel. She first planned to defy the extremist for canceled after the unnamed Palestinian group mentioned in the show. The Palestinian group mentioned details about lords seven and three year old Rocco in a series of threatening letters against that lordus. A source said the notes were unbelievably scary. Madonna's the strong woman but she freaked out when her kids were mentioned. At Perci was peredoglone state. Anyway, in her extra security, but she wasn't ready to take chances with her kids. Their her whole world. It says here. The threats were sent to the singer's offices in LA. They became more frightening as they displayed in depth knowledge of the stars. The sources of the stars, the sources added it became clear that these people were not messing around. They were real serial man even though intimate details like who her personal staff are. She thought she was being targeted because of her Jewish cobble-out religion, which I never heard of that until this morning. You knew about Cabala. What do I call it? Cabala. Whatever the hell it is. And that's right. Cabala. Yeah, Carvalet's in Afghanistan. Yes, Jewish. I'm encouraged. I've been a former member of Chevron. How to build the column and other things. How to build the glam? But this group were threatening her because she represents many things they hate about the West. Madonna married a Brit-film director Guy Richie is not performing Israel since her 1993 girly show. Oh, she had book three dates in September. The Tel Aviv state, including a Tel Aviv's concert on 9, 11, and Mark III anniversary of the Alcatatax. But on his people, like that insisted the Israel leg of a reinvention towards the cancelled because the singer wants to concentrate on Europe. But inside her say nothing except the security of what a stop to traveling to Tel Aviv. Because now she's like an airzots too. I didn't know that. Cabala. Cabala. Cabala. And what's the thing? And pay stock that Zach was teaching me about about the the Tupacabra. No, no, the thing that they searched for even the business. The Apacabra. Don't say it like I'm supposed to know what that is. You don't know what that is. The Apacabra. You guys are a little bit too Jewish. You know what I mean? That's what hate used to call Duff. The Apacabra. The Apacabra. The Apacabra. Oh, I wonder what he meant by that. I understand what he does. If they didn't. He could be looking for Duff and I could find them. Yeah. But he said go search for the Apacabra. I see. Well, maybe if he looked up his dome, I find him. 1057. How's the hopper doing by the way? I hadn't didn't see him this last the time around. I guess he's hot as he doing what? At the dinner table. Come on, Hank. Push it away. Okay. Push that food away. I went in my live next time I come back. I want to see him in the flesh. He borders a lot of it. Hey, spring of the same is right now. It's safe like never before. And a great new car truck from Armstrong. Toyota of homestead. The Riny West one. Just 20 minutes south of the 836. What's not to like? Armstrong Toyota of homestead is worth a drive no matter where you live. Because they're going to save you so much cash. Thousands and Zillions on great new unbeatable Toyota's. Check out the great leestials they have for you right now. An over a camera for one. It is 269 a month for 48 months. How about an over a highlander. Just 309 a month. Need a truck? How about an over a Toyota 10. It's a safe as truck in USA. You pay just 179 a month for 48 months. These are just some of the great savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. In fact, the service department is open late to late week nights to make sure your service work is done. That's how much work they'll do for you to make sure that we walk away happy. Whatever you are camper and. Wait to near this Armstrong Toyota homestead off as your feed tires. Batteries and replacement parts for life here vehicle, which nobody else don't wear. Let me sit again. Tires batteries and feed parts for life. So forget about those big car giants who have those screaming car spots and over promise and always under deliver. Future suffered on VDO from David Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota homestead. You'll find him easy to get to US 1 2 93rd Street in homestead just 20 minutes south of the 86. Here's their numbers 305 2 4 2 32 47 for the deal of a lifetime. 305 2 4 2 32 47. Ravelittle and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. My little local this is my 603 of yours. You will. People are right. You've seen him on Channel 7 news first as a 2 bit reported. Now as a 2 bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Fave Baker and Mary K. combine Rick's and Chess sings. Here are the dosent tones of the man who brought you crunchack Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez sings. Rick Sanchez sings. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. He loves his audience. I accept you as a precious gift from Josh. Stayo God. 11. 3 5 60 and then you see that Rick Sanchez may have been lying about because now we got windows to send that he watched the other. Yeah, we'll see that general. And he said I already have a homosexual relationship with Leo. So I might as well have one with you too. That's why you told a prisoner. Patrick McGoo and anyway 286 votes on the pool. Which is best describes what you believe. I'm a little bit giddy because it had ball game come on up. Three game at 12 30 maybe one o'clock 105 down and back set your Florida Marlins be there or be square. Beast is going to be there. He's got free tickets. I got a press pants. And you go up and smooth within the box. Well, you know, it's it's inside the jacknition of course course. And you can probably free food to it. It's not free. You have to pay for your food in the press box. Yeah. What kind of crap is that I agree? They do have the car. I know that. Are they ever going to get a real ice cream in it? The only thing I like about the car about ice cream at the stadium is that you can get like a hotbud Sunday. Like I'm talking about ice cream and having put like a whole bunch of cherries and cherry juice on it. Low and man, you ever had that off course. Try that to set the known as been nice knowing. 292 votes. Which of these best describes what you believe? It's all a pile of bullshit. 127. That's our very a student audience out there who are like a cut above. I don't care what anybody says. Don't confuse our audience with the colors. Okay. A lot of people say, Oh, jeez. Nothing but more on this video to hear those. The colors have got nothing to do with the listeners. Thank goodness. Don't ever be a get a jaded view of life just because we got a bunch of blabbering idiots out there called a show every day. But generally speaking, not entirely. Generally speaking, people who call radio talk shows are a cut below. They've been cut below a little bit too tight. It's all a pile of crap. I'm not a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. He'd rather give me a lung cancer. And Armageddon is coming soon. 2.3%. He must know the script for tonight's Bush Beach. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's get one or two calls. And what do you say? Just to prove that we do have some articulate calls. We took one in the first hour. It was great. It was about the fact that it's going to cost the 80 bucks. Our gallon of gas by the fourth. Did you lie? W to Q, M, hello. Me, yes sir. How you doing sir? Okay. I got a question to you about this nonsense with Howard and all that. With Howard? With Howard? What? Howard? Howard? Howard's stern there. Oh Howard, sir. I thought you meant more Howard. What? Absolutely. What do you find him? F. What is it? What happened to this guy? I didn't take him. He crashed. Look, I think they just chopped his stuff. They got a call me back because it sounded like something not real exciting, but the marginal I don't understand. First of all, they didn't find him. They find the infinity, which is why I come. They find the stations they've he's on. They don't find you yet. Speaking of that, but that's a good segue to this next event on story. Are America seeks to clear debts. Oh my God. Where she goes again. See, I don't want to pick on them. Especially since we're hoping Randy does real well. And we're pulling for Randy. Anybody else on there? We don't really care that much about including out Franken. It'll belong in the first place, or Jeanine Graffle who also. But if I'm going to start an enterprise like that, I'm going to make, you know, blow a lot of smoke about it and get a lot of publicity and go on all over TV. Don't you think that up front before we start the venture that we have some cash? Yeah, like if I was going to open a hotdog stand. Right. They didn't make the payroll at the end of the first week. Right. Right. And the series, I mean, the beesleys are notorious for like, you know, holding onto your money as long as they can. And at least sooner or later you get paid. So that the Athen. The Afi common. Yeah, that's why that's decision to get over. Jews don't turn that far over to the right. Most Jews have more to the left. Except the ones that I met last week. Well, I, I, I had a rough week down there. I had a great week. Actually, I got a lot of accomplished. It was fine. But I had a rough week in meeting Jews. Boy, everybody I talked to lawyers and all kinds of guys. Oh, it's, it's good for Israel. How could you vote against Bush? He's good for Israel? Yeah, right. The Arab-America Six declared debts. Liberal-talk network, Arab-America, seeking to raise new money and efforts to pay off debts and steer the business toward profitability. A group of early investors that include Florida attorney Mike Papantonio, Chicago entrepreneur Sheldon Drabney, and real-networks chairman Rob Glazer committed to invest new capital. Well, that's a good start. You know how much to put it in? Eight bucks. In fact, your Doug Krieger was assumed the role of CE. Oh! The election was seen even coin. The venture is not dead. It's not going to die. Papantonio fooled Roy. It is on a businessman. And I see this as a great business opportunity. Arab-America's racked up unpaid debts, which include payroll to sales forces at Hardin Chicago, LA and San Francisco, but was forced to let go after backing out our plans to lease radio stations in those markets. The company has a goal of racing eight million bucks. Papantonio host a Saturday, and the Saturday, America show was Robert F. Kennedy Jr. said the company is already well out of its way to racing that amount. Arab-America's most popular talk shows include the old Franken factor with Al Franken and the majority report with actress, Ginny Grafflow. They left our friend Randy out of here, Dan Nemez. The networks made efforts from all we're here, and she's got the only real show on a whole network. Isn't that all a report that we're hearing and reading? That's what we did. Yeah, and even Katrina Vanden, whovel at the nation give her nice right up there after the first week. The network has made efforts to get democratic presidential nominees as slash Massachusetts Senator John Kerry to spend more of its campaign money on ads here at an Arab-America. While I would think he'd probably want to be on places where there are actually people listening. Arab-America president John sitting more main in charge of the advertising effort as the Arab-America struggles, and they've just barely gotten off the ground. Even the right brothers never had this much trouble getting off the ground. Pretty shocking. Wedding video contradicts US denials. A videotape emerged today, and we've seen it. You've seen it, right? Yeah, a lot. Vc, I saw parts of it. Did they show it on ESPN? Yeah, right. Well, they must have if you saw it. I'm not like that. What? I'm not a sports nerd. Well, tell Clarence you're not like that. Okay, next time you put the movie on. He was in there adjusting his package on Friday repeatedly Friday morning. I was so embarrassed and he met. I want to crawl into the table, you know? And he denies it. He saw it and didn't do that. Sure, you did. You think I would make something up like something that growtest. Even somebody is the sickest me. Has it doesn't ever a vivid imagination like that. Well, it's speaking of growtest things before I get into this thing about the wedding video. Did Todd Drec or anybody bring you a piece of copy that I don't see being fast. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah we have one other so on canal on in some kind of celebration, but said bad people have celebrations too. Ahaha, oh man! How can they be foreign in search? He insisted there were no decorations, no musical instruments found, no large quantities of food or leftover servings, one would expect from a winning celebration. However, the video obtained by APTN, which lasts for several hours, shows a large winning party in separate footage shot by APKM, the following day, shows fragments of Israel instruments, pots and pans, and brightly colored bedding suits for celebration, scattered around a bomb out tent. There were also fragments of ordinance that appeared to have US markings, and fragments of people that used to be human beings including lots of little children. An APT reporter in photographer interviewed more than a dozen survivors that they after the bombing were able to identify many of them on a wedding party video. Ready for that? Yes. Survivor say dozens of missiles were launched at, uh, late at night after the festivities had ended at women and children were along those killed as were the bride and groom. Oh, brother. Say, that'll learn them. Have her to expression killer wedding, but this puts new emphasis on, don't you think? Put brand new meaning. Sick. Oh, we didn't do that. We don't kill no little children. Stuttering y'all facts is here. Talk about religion. Somehow our account receivables department is found, God. They bring in all this religious music sermons that give me all kinds of BS. Then I tell my only of one God is intended to Monday through Friday. Oh, God. An APT. I tell them the Bible is a book written year after year. They say, why hasn't Neil God written a book? This is the government will bend the truth, but won't bend the Bible, which is so hypocritical and just the books is stuttering year in homes. Good luck to you as stubborn. You're will pray for you. Oh, God. God. What a heathen. We need a lot more heathens. We need to be out there on street corners, pedaling the truth. Should make some of those that send with board signs like they send a sandwich board signs is use your brain. Use your brain. Forget about God. Forget about baloney. Forget about bibles. Forget about superstitious. Hocus. Pocus. Forget about life after death and heaven and hell and purgatory and the frickin devil. The only devil for crying out loud are in New Jersey and they lost. Did you get that copy yet? 1113 at 560 WDQM. Hey Todd, here's something for you. God wasn't idiot. You know, Vulmas TV, but not just your regular ordinary TV, which everybody's got a tied definition TV delivered via satellite vision HD receiver. The picture is so superior to regular TV, you won't believe it. The qualities like comparing the very latest DVD to an old Edison cylinder. Vulmas the right way he's an anti-symite. Vulmas the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV. Vulmas got the most HD TV anywhere provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience including the satellite dish HD receiver and the remote even. And Vulmas got over 30 channels. Not third of me. The HD programming you can watch ESPN even in high definition beast. ESPN aren't you one of all day? I know you're not like that. It's three times more than you get from cable and they've got all your other favorite channels like HP and MTV even your local channels too. Vulmas got over 120 channels of great entertainment. Vulmas even got exclusive channels of HD movies, music and sports that you cannot get from your cable or satellite company. So with Vulmas you get all the stuff you've got now plus all these awesome high definition channels on top of it. So call Vulmas today for a little bit of time offer that expires in a week by the way, but I do this right away. Call 1866-848-8686 or visit vulmas.com for the special offer that includes free installation, no upfront cost and no long-term commitment either. Start vooming today call 1866-848-8666 or check them online at vulmas.com. 1666-8666-8666-8666 and land of the free used to be and home of the graves. Graves suck by the way. I think everybody knows that until they know that. That's because they found out that Moe was a graves fan. I get rid of all the good players. They stink. Let's take a quick call show. He's WQA and hello. Daniel? Yes sir. How are you, buddy? Pretty good. Talking about the wedding you were just talking about. Right. I love the quote from our military that. One was the last time you heard about a wedding in 3 o'clock in the morning. It just goes to show that the cool one that we live in is a marriage. The wedding wasn't a tree of clock in the morning. The wedding was long over by then. Right. But even if it was at 3, who knows the other cultures have their time? They have their way. Yeah. Well a lot of people I am probably so embarrassed. They want to get married in the dark of the night. Exactly. Another question for me to, I'm Friday. I know you got that hot tip at the horse track. How's that work out? He's still running. Go Marlin. Have a great day, pal. Yeah, we got a hot tip at the track and of course that had no chance. And I didn't have a lot of money on a few bucks on the double. And he had no chance. No, and he was over as heavy. We step up and never got on the race. He no go. But anyway, that's all right. That's okay. My friend Brad Cramer bailed me out of Hazel Park. Oh, thank goodness for those Hazel Park guys. Okay, because some of you guys at the Pomp and O Park. Wow. Who? Anyway. Here's the fact that says I'm so glad that somebody else with a brain cell that proposed to a story in Newsweek about the Rapture and the End Times. I roommate subscribed to that magazine when I saw the cover. I just wanted to collapse into a corner weeping for days. Why did he weep? Where are these people going to disappear to by what means where will they go to? Heaven, where's that? Oh, it's up there. It's a bird. It's a plane. Why would the Supreme Being of the Universe responsible for such the nominantist quantum singularities and photo synthesis creates such a cumbersome method for saving people? The entire scenario is absurd. Anyway, look at it. Anybody who buys an even 100% of this nonsense is a pathetic fool. And I can say that with experience because like George, I used to be one of those people. And I literally believe that you would just disappear when the Rapture happened. Is that what you believe? Yeah, something like that, or maybe. How seriously what does that mean? That you disappear when the Rapture happens. You go to heaven. You're caught up with him in the clouds. He's as rubbs of balloon on his head and the static cling poles all the fateful up to it. Anyway, how's that pull coming, Neil? Let's just pretend we didn't hear what George has said. He's being amusing. Which of these best describes what you believe? 362 votes. It's all a pile of volishment, 152. 42% of this various food audience have got to encourage the balls the fortitude to say, hey, you don't have to be a genius to know it's a pile of crap. It's like if you're walking in the backyard and you blindfolded. And you smell it and you step in it. You don't have to be a genius to know what's a pile of crap. See what I'm saying? It's a pile of crap. You're going to let itself. Should tell you. And then when you step in it that squishy feeling onto your feet, I'm sorry. It's all a pile of crap, 152. I'm agnostic. I don't know 102, 28%. Who just like George, you're like hoping to hope maybe learn something. He's your reading stuff into it. What? Well, but what was wrong with that? I was trying to be kind to the general. You're not you're hoping. Who's hoping for anything? No, what are you hoping? Why do you say hoping? That means nothing. Nobody's hoping for anything. There is a hell and we're living in it. 45. There is to have an endahell 32. Uh oh. I know where we're all going. There's a heaven how and a purgatory 12. Well, let's stop off in purgatory and kind of like a holding place. So we decide where we should be. We want to go home. I think that's here. I think we're in purgatory. There is no hell only heaven 11. And Armageddon is coming soon. I bet you're Robert Greenport voted for that. Yeah. Hey, by the way, nice people. You jumped into bed with Robert. All these right wing lunatics. Okay, who wants you who know damn well that when Armageddon comes, you're going to be one of them. People who's going to die a wicked death. In fact, he's, you know what they're going to turn Robert Greenport into a bar of soap used in hell. And you know how fast that's going to melt down there? Oh, that's. That's why I'm glad I use that body wash now. I'm about to hold on to the soap. Huh? Liquid soap. Right. Liquid soap. Do you have a lupa? I'm bigger part. Is that like the offie coming? What is that? Lupa gloves. They got nothing. I love it. I think it's a stick. What? What? I think it's a little brillo. It's a little brillo lupa thing on the end. I use it. Oh, it's brother. Well, in your case, I can, can you see these try to take a shower? Oh, my very, very long. All of her parts they need to be exhumed. I mean, wow. Got the shower massage on an extra long hand. They're area to cover. Albed. You probably got that like the one on a hook. The one with a big blow. Like a boomerang. The hook is to pry the folds apart. Oh. As Cos tells it, we ain't learn nothing yet. Bill Cosby, like I said, I never really cared that much about him, especially them jealous spots always hated that. And I never thought he was funny. I thought he was a good actor and I spy. It was a good series. But I never thought he was funny. Did you? There. It's not even mildly amusing. And I'm going to say it for the 40 million time, whoever heard of a black family named the Huxtables. But anyway, Bill Cosby was anything completely correct in his remarks of Constitution, Mahal Basin, Washington commemorating the 50th anniversary of Brown versus Board of Education decision to everyone's astonishment left or in a clause, Cosby mocked everything from urban fashion to black spending and speaking habits. Now we're talking. Ladies and gentlemen, the lower economic people are not holding up their end in this deal. He said Monday night, these people are not parenting. They're buying things for kids. $500.500 sneakers for what? And they won't spend $200 for hooked on phonics. They're standing on the quarter when they can't speak English. You said, I can't even talk away these people talk. Why you ain't where you is? And I blame the kid until I heard the mother talk. Then I heard the father talk. Everybody knows it's important to speak English except these knuckleheads. You can't be a doctor with that kind of crap coming out of your mouth. When Cosby finally concluded how would university president H. Patrick Swigert, NAACP president Kuisi Mufumi, he's related to Wisi, and NAACP League of offense fun headfield or shock him to the podium looking stone faced. Shot told the crowd that most people on welfare are not African-American, and many of the promises organization is addressed in the black community. We're not self-inflicted. I'd be like that. Actually there was a longer version of this story too about complaining about getting shot by cops after stealing coke and stealing this. And what do you people steal them for in the first place? He really made a lot of obvious intelligence coming. And the fact is that most of the years there's been so little progress. I mean if you really like complicated by role in coal and power, then you might get a head and light. Or if you got like the inside, if you like a total cell out like condolisa, then you might get a head and light, make a few bucks. A total cell out from a share run board of directors. Soldier who deserved it in a rackets year in jail by kind of this charge against everywhere I know is there right? Have a better. Staff Sergeant Camillo, Amahia, received the maximum penalty for not return to his thought national guard unit after two weeks for low in October. He says, he got a year in prison. He says he doesn't regret making this. He's never seeing the horrors of an oil-driven war. I have no regrets not one. He said before the jury of four officers in the four listed soldiers. And for twenty minutes, then handed down his sentence. He told the jury he was not afraid to go into prison. I'll take it because I will go there with my honor, knowing I've done the right thing. And he is... Absolutely correct. You go Camillo. Twenty-cent is that what the fat rich was telling me that night he may be living pretty soon to Camillo House? Oh, Camillo is not going to be there. Oh, and look at this. Look at this. Look at this. It's twenty-seven points to eleven at QA. Do we have that? Oh, no we don't. We don't have that much money. We don't have that much money. Can we? You got it. He's the breakfast city elected viewer award every time you open the box. It's a losing. Can't eat your arms. Every box is full of bronze stars. Purple hearts. Cleaned logos. Purple hearts. Orange moves. Purple hearts. And lots and lots of purple hearts. In fact, you would be get one every time you take a bite. Or break a needle. Look for the box. She'd like a giant head. Get a giant. They're magic pieces. They're part of a fair and balanced breakfast. And be sure to try carry ego-opples. So, breakfast that never gives you a straight answer. Carry ego-opples. Kaiam and you'll say, carry Lego and that ego. Carry ego-opples. 1130 we got a ball game cone up boy. And where are we excited about that? Or what? We got the Marlins host in the Diamondbacks fourth and final game of the series. 105 is game time 1230s. Our pregame show Marlins on Drex. So, the deal is what? How about you having seen Hyder here at that child, right? Go and I'll tell ya. Comes in there. And again, see how do I want to go into the details? Because nobody's business. But just generally speaking, okay? He comes in this morning while you're out taking a leak or something. And pop, pop, pop, pop, pop like that. No, it's nice. Rather than just going ahead and taking care of something you knew had to be done. Do you see what I'm saying? What he's rather than doing that. His wasting his time bending my ear. Did he get the job done? No, no, he had the copy. Did his spot run? No, it's a nice job, Todd. I may have to rethink my position and that whole issue. No, he's from the bottom. By Darth that, you know, he was waiting for the, you heard it. Right. But it'll be, but by air, right. Waiting for Christmas. The war in Iraq continues to turn into approval ratings of President Bush. Oh, right. The evaluations of the way Mr. Bush has had to do in Iraq. How he's handling foreign policy and how he's handling his job overall. And how he's handling that tricycle are now with their lowest levels ever in his presidency. Mr. Bush's overall job approval ratings continued to decline. 41% of the job he's doing as president. 41% he's down to. While 52% disapprove, the lowest overall job rating of his presidency. 2 weeks ago was 44. You're going to go 2-thirds approved. 61% of Americans now disapprove of the way Mr. Bush is handling the situation in Iraq. Well, just 34% of Proverbs is why he's tonight making the first of his 800 speeches. But if he put a boot, but about. Ask and he's who's getting the key to the kingdom in Iraq. Do we know on June 30th? No. He's just toss it him up in here and some is going to be a free for all. Just grab anybody. I'm grabbing keys. As concerned about the situation in Iraq, we're going to go 65% now say the country is on the wrong track. Matching the highest number ever recorded in CBS News pulls, which began asking this question in the mid 1980s. Let me read that part again. Could you? 65% of Americans even as dumb as they are. And now say the country is on the wrong track matching the highest number ever recorded in CBS News pulls, which began at seeing this question in the mid 80s. Only 30% but third man. Currently say things in his country are headed in the right direction. A year ago April 2003, 56% of Americans said the country was headed in the right direction. Now they're saying it's in the wrong direction, especially on a west coast. The last half of percentage that said the country was on the wrong track was as high as it is now as back in November of 94. Then Republicans swept into control in both houses of Congress for the first time in decades. Majorities disapprove of the way Mr. Bush's handling foreign policy in the economy. Terrorism remains the only positive area for the president. Majority 51% of who the way is handling the campaign against terrorism. I'd like to know what that campaign is. But that number matches his lowest rating ever on that topic. Just 37% the lowest number in his presidency now proved Mr. Bush's handling of foreign policy. While 56% disapprove Mr. Bush's ratings on the economy are similar. 36% say yeah good and 57% say uh-uh, bad. Are you like that? Drop it like a rock. You end the cries and curtain in the Gaza. Palestinian talk killed in Israeli search for tunnels. A three year old Palestinian girl was shot in kill yesterday and raw for refugee camp in the Gaza strip. The fifth day of Israeli searches and house demolitions that a senior UN official condemned is completely completely unacceptable. Meanwhile, in the west bank town of Nablus, four people wounded when a suicide bomber blew himself up near his ready army checkpoint yesterday. One soldier was slightly wounded. Three Palestinians were hurt one seriously. The popular front for the liberation of Palestine claimed responsibility saying it was a responsibility. Roth and Persian. They hit us. We hit him back and it just goes on and on and on and all these little kids are dying on both sides. innocent but pain in the esports anders. Israeli troops entered the outskirts of Rafa overnight pressing their offensive and search of armistuggling tunnels and militants. They said 90 telos have been found in the stretch since 2001. It has no only one been discovered during the current operation. But I guess it was worth it then, right? Absolutely. 41 Palestinians have been killed since Operation Rainbow began last Tuesday including Goodman and Eighth Hemonstrators hit by a tank shell during a protest march. The three year old girl was shot dead yesterday in the Can't Brazil neighborhood from which troops had withdrawn that A.B. 4 Palestinian hospital officials said. Relative said, Rafa and Mohamed Abu Zayed was killed by a shot to the head while walking to a shop. We were playing in the house when she told me she wanted some candy her 19 year old brother said crying on control. There was no one in the street but the kids not even other adults he said. The army said it had no reports of shooting in the area. Maybe she was a suicide. That's what it was. Just like Jason Williams dog. I think it was a suicide. Don't you? I was there. Maybe she couldn't find a candy. Maybe she didn't have any cash to buy the candy. She just like, who arranged that? Then blamed on those poor Israelis. That must have been it. And, and, the day the tanks arrived at Rafa Zoo. Among Roon houses a haven for Gaza's children lies in rubble. To be directed at the latest wave of Israeli destruction, Rafa's Al-Brasil neighborhood and many fingers pointed toward the zoo. A mid-the-Rouble of dozens of homes that the Israeli army continued yesterday to deny demolishing the wrecking of the tiny but only zoo in the Gaza strip took on potent symbolism for many of the new homeless. Well, they're not doing that. The bordered ostrich, the petrified kangaroo, cowry and abasement corner, the tortoises crushed out of the tank trids all were held up as evidence of the pittyless nature of these Israeli occupation. People are more important than animals of the zoo's co-owner Muhammad Asma Juma, whose house was also demolished, but the zoo is the only place in Rafa that children could escape to tens atmosphere. There were slides and games for children. We had a small small swimming pool. I know it's hard to believe looking at it now, but it was beautiful. Why would they destroy that? Because they wanted to destroy everything about us, he said. And as a picture here, a Palestinian kid holding up a badly injured raccoon after pulling it from the rubble of the destroyed zoo in the abrasil section of the Rafa refugee camp in the southern Gaza strip. Rafa's. This is an injured coon. They found Howard Wake. Oh, I didn't say Musgraatt, a called in bar mitzware. Many of the animals at the small zoo either escape your dad in the destruction the owner said. Israeli troops pulled back from two neighborhoods in the sprawling Palestinian refugee camp Friday, leaving behind dozens of demolished and damaged homes, torn up roads and flattened cars, and a zoo that's blown to rub bits. I just mentioned that in passing. Like I would try to tell you, both sides crazy is a bed bug. Loona ticks. But again, you got people with bombs and people with stones on the other side. I just mentioned that in passing too, okay. And boy was I, I was kind of like a lot of those people I talked to last week once upon a time. Looking at it through colored glasses, through hollow-buck colored glasses, the whole situation. I was brainwashed about the cube a thing on my life. There you go. And sooner or later you start taking a look at the reality of what's really going on. They start reading things and viewing things, endlessly the rational people talking about things, and you say to yourself, holy crap. We don't need no Israel. We don't need no Palestine. We don't need any of this crap. Okay, we need rational sane people, okay. That's what we need. Is it going to happen? No. No. And I'm going to tell you seriously. If there are any of these people, I mean, the idea of these Jews for Bush and Schwarz is for Bush, if this really goes on in America's got no hope at all, anybody could be that stupid. I mean, I know about Armstrong Williams, okay. He's on the payroll. But other than that, and Condoleezza and Colon, they're on the payroll too on the inside. Which of these best describes what you believe that's our pull question that they on theorages.com? For 1206 votes, it's all a pile of crap, bullshit, 180, 42.2%. I'm agnostic. I don't know. 119, 28% emotional cripples. There is a hell. And we're living in 53. There is a heaven in a hell, 37. There is a heaven hell and purgatory, 14. Oh, let's stop off like I said in purgatory for a sandwich anyway. Before we go down. There is no. There is no. Ha ha ha. He'll be there. There is no hell only heaven 13. And Armageddon is coming soon. Oh, hang on. Oh, hey. Read that. I'm telling you probably still on the new stands. If not to find somebody who's got it. Last week's article. Oh, read the whole magazine. You'll never come out of the house again. You'll be like cowering in a basement like that kangaroo. A poch elliptic politics, baby. And on the front cover, no less. Tim La He and Jerry B Jenkins were these bubble mice season. 62 million copies. All of the one good thing about who's buying these books. And if I can find it, there's only about 600 pages of this crap in here. There's a thing about the people who are buying the books. Where is it? I'll find it. I'll get to it. We've got an only very. Here we go. The core buyer of these born again. Revelation based all this bull crap Armageddon. Wishing book. The core buyer is a 44 year old born again Christian woman married with kids living in the south. You're following this? Okay. I know. The main trailer trash Jerry's singer show. Ricky Lake. 44 year old born again Christian woman married with kids living in the south. Probably in a trailer park. And she's reading the pop profits books Armageddon. This equation, the unraveling. So something. Carvest. All of these and let behind. And of course, when it comes to trade though this trailer trash, they're beginning to be behind, you know. Some of them trailers are just as nice. That's what Lendingman said. She said she was big on the old behind. And we have a video. Then in fact, she liked to spank it. A lot. Twenty-till noon at five, 60, WQM. I'll tell you one thing. I like these two and two and a half hours show is my God. The pressure is unbelievable. We got a really moved fast here and get all of our crap in and then just the mozi on out of here. Real fast, which makes for a nice early lunch. Here's your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs. Let Oasis out-sourcing help you when it comes to the people sign of your business. Payroll of administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services, and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis out-sourcing can cover to help your business be a lot more profitable. Call Oasis out-sourcing today for a free evaluation. At one, 86, 6, at Oasis. That's one, 86, 26, 26, 27, 47. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis out-sourcing understands many facets of human resource management. Out-sourcing is being recognized by firms both large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to Oasis outsourcing. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you like a free evaluation. No obligation just call that toll-free number. One, 86, 6, at Oasis. That's one, 86, 26, 27, 47, for Oasis outsourcing. My local, here's SportsWidio 560C, UAM. Err, absolute. Ow! Back in the day when someone done a strong, we didn't take their cry. In Pearl Harbor, when the jobs dropped their bonds, we bound them back. And now the sun is, they hit us high. And on our cars, our little flat wings. At that's all they love and retired voice of honors the wrong way. To be in America, where they follow rules like cheese. The United States of Arabians, led by Bush and family, breathing at this country. Ambulance, the largest states in our history. I don't want to be of Hacks of Americans. In the USA. What's a few thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the mess. If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us to believe. And anyone who says that obviously, and before to be. And other barriers to be in America, where we've paid three hours in plea. Wave a flag and win half with our head in the sand. And lightly follow the powers that he ever had to take. Watch it, watch it, watch it. Watch it, stay from you. I'm a 65-inch screen. Scratcher, five, everything's okay. In the USA. Oh my God. I'm 47, man. I'll tell you this show is going by lightning. I mean, the Tampa Bay lightning. What did you have? Two on winners over the flyers on Saturday and a nail fighter. And like I said, the networks are not the CBC. They're happy they got a Canadian team in their Calgary. All the hookers about them. But the ABC people are just plots in their pants. They're so happy they gave that contract over to NBC for next year. If there's one, please hear you take it. It's kind of like those keys to the kingdom in Iraq. You take it. No, I don't think so. Anyway, want to listen to this. Okay. Rid Goldstein in the Asia Times. It's on our website. Burg be heading no way, say medical experts. American business, man. Nicholas Brooks, body was found May 8th. Your bag dead, uh, a new and overpass. A video of his supposed to decapitation death by knife appeared on an alleged al-Qaeda linked website on May 11th. But according to what both a leading surgical authority a noted forensic death expert separately told Asia Times online, the video depicting the decapitation appears to have been staged. Did you actually ever watch it? No, I didn't. I did right now. Be set. And what do you want to know? Did it appear to have been staged? No, I didn't look like it was staged to me. It looked real. It looked real. It looked authentic. Very. He fought back when they pushed him down on the ground. Well, he was tied up. Yeah. I was fighting. There wasn't any indication of him like doing it. I'm going to watch right now. I certainly would need to be convinced if the decapitation video was authentic. Dr. John Simpson, executive director for a surgical affairs at the Royal Austro-Azian College of Surgeon said from New Zealand. Echoing Dr. Simpson's criticism on this journalist asked forensic death expert John Norby, PhD in fellow of the American Board of Media Medical, logical death investigators who believed the burgundy capitalism video had been staged. Norby replied, yes, I think that's the best explanation of it. Questions of when the video's footage was taken and the time of last between the shooting of the video segments were raised both by experts reflecting a portion of the broader and ongoing video controversy. Norby speaking Asian times online from Washington State noted, we don't know how much time wasn't filmed, adding that there's no way of knowing whether footage is contemporaneous for the footage that follows. While the circumstances surrounding both the video and Nick Bruce last days have been the source of sub-stubbed in his speculation, both Simpson and Norby perceived it as highly probable that burgundy died sometime prior to his decapitation. Effectiveness was an apparent lack of the massive arterial bleeding such in initiates. I would have thought that all the people in the vicinity would have been covered in blood in a matter of seconds if with genuine sense. And notably the acts perpetrators appeared far from so, and separately Norby observed something that by the time they're on his head, he's already dead. Providing another basis for their findings in the course of such an assault in individuals autonomic nervous system would react typically doing so strongly with the body shaking and jerking accordingly. And while Norby noted that they rotated and moved ahead, shifting vertebrae that should have initiated such actions, Simpson said he certainly didn't perceive any movements at all and response to such efforts. During the period when Bruce captures from the decapitation sequence circumstances indicated he already been dead a quite serum-known certain light of time, but more than however long a beheading took Simpson stated. Both Simpson and Norby also know the difficulty providing an analysis based on the video the inheritance present by this but also both felt that burg had seemed drugged. A particularly significant point in the video sequence occurred as Bruce captures a tact and bringing the supposedly fatal knife to bear, the way that they pulled him over they could have used a dummy at that point reflected Simpson regarding what the video portrayed. Separately Norby said burg does not appear to register any sort of surprise or any change in a spatial expression when he's grabbed and twisted over and they start to bring the weapon into use that parts true. Subsequently Norby said it was likely that the filming sequence was manipulated at the point immediately preceding this, allowing burped corpse to be used for the decapitation sequence. Norby also emphasized that the video raises more questions than it answers with the most fundamental questions of who you are and how did you die being impossible to answer from it. But broad speculation exists regarding a number of factors surrounding both buraged death and the video and its timing in regard to revelations of US prison atrocities. In a May 13 article the Arabic newspaper Al-Jazeera reported that they do buy based writers journalist first broke the story but while Fox News CNN and the BBC were able to secure the video from the Arabic-only website that hosted it, Al-Jazeera was unable to locate it. And also on May 13, the associated press reported that the US CIA had determined that the Abu Musaab Al-Zakari was the individual who beheaded buraged. Since Secretary of State Colin Pauze went presentation of February 53, Al-Zakari has been portrayed as the single most dangerous element facing the Bush administrations were on terror. Pauze went presentation as since been widely accepted as empty, nevertheless Al-Zakari appears to have surpassed even Al-Zama bin Laden as demonstrations number one terror target. And on May 15, Brigadier General Mark Kimmati, Coalition Provisional 30's chief Iraq military spokesman declared that Al-Zakari will eventually be caught though that may prove especially difficult. On March 4, Brigadier General David Rodriguez of the Joint Chiefs' staff revealed that the Pentagon didn't have direct evidence of whether he's Al-Zakari meaning a live or dead providing commentary on the nature of prior evidence-looking Al-Zakari to attacks and bombings. But that same day, AP reported that an Iraqi resistant group claimed Al-Zakari had been killed the April prior in the US bombing of Northern Iraq. Speaking off the record, in tell-and-scommunity sources have previously said they believe it is very likely that Al-Zakari is indeed long since dead. Such effect makes Al-Zakari's alleged killing of Brigadier Al-Zama bin Laden and has been brought speculation that framing Al-Zakari is an administration-ploy, further anomalies surrounding Brigadier if you will add its speculation. According to emails, sent from a US consular office in Baghdad, Beth Paine to the Burf family Nick Burg was being held in Iraq by the US military and Mosul. A May 13 AP report notes that US State Department's spokesperson subsequently said this was untrue and error, and that Burg was being held by Iraqi authorities. But other, another May 13 AP reported police chief Major General Muhammad Kaya Al-Bahawi is claiming that reports of Iraqi police having held Burg were baseless. And Burg has seen on the beheading video tape on what appears to be, US military prisoners you clothing sitting what appears to be, US military type white chair, virtually identical to those photographs used as obligated prison. However, the taking of hostages is occurred in the region and beheadings are not unheard of. According to a February 2003 report by human rights watch on September 23, 2001, radical Islamists kept it a group of 25 Kurdish fighters in Iraqi village of Kailama. Some prisoners' trots have been slid while others have been beheaded HRW reported, noting that the television station Kurds had broadcast pictures of the dead, that September 26. The report also noted that a video tape apparently filled by those committing their atrocities had been found. The strictest law and community in Iraq denied the facts were committed by their people stating that the incident was fabricated. Additional reports of beheadings also exist with the victims usually noted as killers with a bullet before the beheading occurs, but HRW's report also raised an issue that Burg's video makers and Burg's father both raised prisoner exchange. HRW noted that Iraq's radical Islamists did pursue a change of captives, and the Burg video specifically, noted that his captors claimed that they were killing him as their attempt to exchange Burg had been rebuffed by US authorities. Burg's father, Michael is President of the US President George W. Bush's regards what the fact of the saligation are, with the administration denying any knowledge that such a trade was offered and added questions still exist. Because Iraq's radical Islamists speak in a particular manner, or live by a closely prescribed code, apparent contradictions between these ways the way Burg's captors appeared has generated speculation. Some observers have speculated on the possibility that the individual's weren't native Arabic speakers at all, conversely it's reported that in Saudi Arabia, where Shariah law allows for beheadings and cases of severe crimes, the condemned is heavily drugged with track-bolizes, prior to the execution, reportedly leaving the United States similar into that which a Burg appeared in during parts of the video. Again, nor be emphasized that the video raises more questions than an answer. And you saw it? Yeah, I just watched it, but I'm reading that. And yeah, some of the points are valid. I mean, I saw a blood dripping from the head, but I didn't seem like it wasn't gushing. Yeah, I mean, there was just dripping, and he did seem very limp, so he could have been heavily drugged, or even dead. Now, everybody was piling on him, so it's not like he could have been doing a lot of struggling that I didn't see any at all. There were piling on? He was a dog pile. Huh, kind of like how a bouquet ball over again. Well, they had their clothes on there. Maybe they're playing a little gray bass. And internally, you went audit finds that Switzerland's Cotechna inspection essay failed a staff key checkpoints used unauthorized subcontractors and could out-of-count for massive discrepancies between reported and actual shipments have aid. Records from the U.N. agency cited by the Washington Times last week indicate that the discrepancies relate to the value of the ship into northern Iraq. What a rip off this is, man. The auto was conducted by the UN Office of Internal Oversight Services and covered a five-month period in the United Kingdom October 2002. The auditor's found that Cotechna did no independent inspections, I nearly a billion dollars worth of US aid shipments in the contracts first three years. Other regularities include payments to Cotechna for contract employees who never worked despite four years of complaints from UN officials. Unauthorized use of UN medical and office facilities by Cotechna staff and hiring of a subcontractor in violation of the bid terms and its application with the Iraqi Trade Ministry. Registrate as the registered contractor, Cotechna was not recommended in either case. Sounds like caliber in all over again. Man, oh man, a money that's changing hands, the money that's being sucked up, grabbed up, popped up. But hey, it's all worth it, you know, you do understand that, don't you? Sure. Good to me. So you saw that video now, should I take a look at it? Do you have a video? It's really not a big deal. I mean, there's a lot of yelling going on and the sign of the neck lasts for way longer than I would have wanted it to. Yeah. It wasn't fun to watch. No. I didn't have a good time watching it. All right. But did anybody yell out loud? I'm dying out of the hands. Did you hear that? There's a lot of yelling. Everybody there, there's all those eight guys or whatever it is, and they're all yelling. Eight? Whatever. However many there are. It's got to be like four or five plus a minute. Maybe it's fine. Yeah, there's a lot of yelling going on. And the camera was moving around very shaky like that gladiator movie. And there's an obvious edit from the time they jerk him to the ground. Ah, and it starts signing very obvious edit in the video. 11. 57. At five, 60. Your gruesome station WQM for years you've been here about a laser recharge. The toner and recharge cartridge specialist. When you call a laser recharge at 800, 287.92.12, you'll deal with just Bob, who supplies business. They complete line of printing and office equipment supplies. A laser recharge has inkjet, thermocarb and paper supplies and how they provide service support and maintenance. For most makes and models of machines to make them run just like brand new again. Call 800, 287.92.12 right now. And in most cases, you'll have what you need within 24 hours. A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges as compared to depo pricing. All the cartridges sold by a laser recharge are, Remany effect you're not refilled. Anybody can sell your cheap refill cartridge, but cheaper certainly not always better. Remany effect your cartridges are the only way to go. A laser carries a complete line of cartridges for printers, copiers and faxes along with brother and Xerox drums. A laser recharge is proud of their individualized service and offers no questions as satisfaction guarantee. So if you need toner cartridges or anything else, just pick up the photo called just Bob from a laser recharge at 1-800-287-92-12. Log into a laser recharge.com or call them today 1-800-287-92-12. My life and love this is 4-3-05-16. 2-way, 2-way. Smart Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8-M. He's named a trout, he's a spoiler, he caught dog or the election. Now he's back, George Bush's left, and Carrie is man. He liked to get rough by the throat. He is afraid he might rock the road, but all of my friends with rings and their nose. Say they really like his drum, both closed. He is rocked at her boy, he is the farmer toy, and that is good enough for me. He's got a pretty face to batting and win the race, and that's the news from the GOP. He is rocked at her boy, he knows how to learn all of it both of the two major parties. All of my friends, come on for him again, go to safe bed and eat speed. He is rocked at her boy, he is the farmer toy, and that is the... Combo to be at the Marlon Pregame, coming up in 1230. Is this really possible? Is it me or is it this thing in a slow and violent about five minutes, ain't it? Like nothing. Holy crap. Rick says, just dropping a facts to say, goodbye. Goodbye. I just graduated my company here, I've proved my transfer to Vancouver, my flight leaves on Friday. Already said goodbye to George, sorry for being such a chronic fact, so that's okay, Rick. You mean well, not always good, but you mean well. By the way, frontline, we're having a special on how music is going from being about music, and just being about money, and how the music industry is putting itself out of business, with interviews with several famous musicians, keep up the fight. Good luck, Rick. Have a good time, hey. And congratulations for getting out. I wonder what we should play going to the ball game of the pregame. Boss. All right. Huh? I'm sorry. You got against your wrap your... Yeah, let's play some gangster rap. That's fun gangster rap. I'm just kidding. Jesus, when you come down, you better learn your gangster rap, Mr. Cause you sure don't know it. I know about Fiddy. Gonna sit, yeah, you know about Fiddy, all right. I know Fiddy pounds. Fiddy pounds on each side that you ought to get rid of. That's what you know. Fiddy. Each pie. Trostockated awards, Michael Jackson may flee the US. Honey like that. Oh my god. Michael Jackson's prosecutors imposing a move by the pop singer reduces $3 million bail, arguably performer might choose to live the rest of his life as a wealthy absconder rather than face a life term in a California prison. Just like O.J., all of his actions are those of a really innocent god. Not right. Man, they got his ass nailed. The prosecution motion written by WPDDA Gerald McFrancliffe. What is that? Gerald McCee period Franklin. What is that? New set which it becomes for limited time. I see to McCee Franklin. The McFrancliffe. And it's a low carb. I see stands for. The Gerald McCarb Franklin. Anyway, considered that the county bail schedule cost for a potential maximum bail afforded 35 grant for the child molestation and conspiracy charges against Jackson, but argued the performers know ordinary defendant and the bail schedule does not apply to him. He cited Jackson's holdings of 2,000 acres in Santa Barbara County as well as other property that offended her Michael Jackson as an international celebrity. The man who's lifestyle today would have not had prepared him to a death-redley-dway prison environment in routine. Oh yeah. Back to him. And whose physical statual presented its own problems for making the necessary adjustments. Mr. Jackson has doubtlessly given those realities considerable thought. In other words, what he's been thinking about is getting a be on a receiving end this time. Big time. Because they don't like child molesters. They don't like pedophiles and child abusers in the slam. We're in a big house. Got it? Yeah. Okay. Don't take kindly to such people and they tend to, how's father gay into him by the way? Anybody see him lately? Oh. How's father's gay's gun? I'm sure he's in heaven. Ryan Perry writes. This is also on our website and they're luckily so. Ten reasons Bush doesn't want you to see Michael Moore's new film like it could make a lose the next election. Michael Moore for president. Oh right. Yeah. I bet you'd be skilled related to him. Big fat guy. Scruffy. Heck the man at the White House. Ball cap. A new film is sending shock waves to the US in general and the White House in particular has even been released yet. Fahrenheit 911 which this week got the longest standing of Asian and can film festival history. Tells what its director Michael Moore sees is the truth behind the war in Iraq and on terror. It is said to be so powerful a contipped of ever's US presidential election against George W. Bush's morse's. We were able to get film crews embedded with American troops without the knowing it was Michael Moore there. Totally F. Disney is refused to distribute to film in the state saying its content could upset the presidential elections. Morse says that's precisely why the public should see it. These are the 10 killer questions the film poses. Number one. After the 911 attacks, why was the only plane to fly out of the US carrying 24 members of Osala Bin Laden's family? In the way to the attacks the US became a no-fly zone more as swided bush all our private Saudi jets fly around the US and the days after 911 to pick up members of the Bin Laden family. And then fly them out of the country without a proper FBI investigation. Might it have been possible at least one of the 24 Bin Laden's would have known something? Two. Are the media covering up abusive Iraqi prisoners under this illusion of American troops? This film shows soldiers putting and mistreating Iraqi detainees and even shows troops taking it turns to sexually abuse a drug elderly man. He says this occurred outside the abogray prison walls. The media is there every single day. Why haven't they seen this? I don't think we've heard American soldiers in the field talk as they do in this film about their disillusionment and their despair about their questioning of what was going on. Three. Is bush deliberately creating a culture of war to get poor American youth to fight his war? More accuses the Bush administration of deliberately creating a climate of fear, especially by the instigation of the Department of Homeland Security to increase the numbers signing up for the armed forces. He calls this the Immoral Act of Sine kids to war on the basis of a lie. Four. How deep does the connection between the bush, Brownley and Bin Laden family actually run? More expos as business links between the Bin Laden and the Bush's over the past 25 years. Bush senior became a highly paid consultant for the Carlisle group. One of the nation's largest defense contractors, one of the investors in Carlisle, and the two of the least $2 million was the Bin Laden family. The campaigner says the Bin Laden family have extensive dealings with large companies in the US. They've donated $2 million to Bush's alma mater Harvard. They own property in Texas, Florida and Massachusetts, and short they have their hands deep in our pants. Five. Just how sinister was the White House's doctoring of Bush's military record. More suggests that far from being simply an exercise improving that Bush attended to his national guard duties, the White House's version also sought to hide evidence that Bush and his associates had close ties with various Saudi oil companies. He also suggested a former military pal of Bush, James R. Bath, one sold a plane that he'd been Laden family. Six. Did Bush miss an opportunity to nail Bin Laden during secret talks with the Taliban? More claims that while Bush was Governor-retext to see build a relationship with the Taliban rules of Afghanistan, they made in Texas to discuss a project to build a natural gas pipeline from Turkmenistan to Taliban controlled Afghanistan into Pakistan as we've talked about many times on his show. Representatives of Bush administration at the Taliban in the summer of 2001, more says the ignored the Bin Laden issue, and were preoccupied with oil. He asked, was Bush discussing their offer to handover Bin Laden? Was he threatening them with force? Was he discussing a new pipeline? Seven. Why does the Bush family have a special relationship with the Saudi world family? More than 1.5 million barrels of oil needed in the US daily from the Saudis could vanish on a whirlwind, so we begin to see not only how Bush but all of us are dependent on the House of Saudis as more, this can't be good for national security. More also refers to Prince Banned Arvin Sultan, the Saudi ambassador of the US, whose nickname banned our Bush because of his close links with the president. Despite increasing evidence-looking the 911, the Trostory of the Saudi militants, Bush still met Prince Banned Arford in her two days later. 8. Was Bush spending too much time on holiday to concentrate on terrorism? Bush was on holiday for 42% of the 8 months before 911, letting his guard down according to Moore at an 911 commission hearing CIE director George Tenet admitted he had known since August 2001 that the carous moussawai the only man charge a connection with 911 had been taking lessons on how to fly a 747. Tenet claimed he didn't tell Bush because the president was on vacation. 9. Did Bush panic when he was told about the attack on the Twin Towers? On the morning of September 11, President Bush was posing for cameras at a children's literacy of N Florida. More as previously unseen footage showing the rabbit and car headlights expressed on the president's face when he's told about the second plane hitting the Twin Towers. A stopbox appears in the corner of the screen as the minutes ticked by, and the president keeps reading my pet goat, not knowing what to do without his advisers to tell him. More says, was Bush ticking he should have taken reports of the CIE given him the month before more seriously, that he even told Al Qaeda was planning a tax in the US, and that planes would possibly be used or was he scared whittless, or something that rhymes with that. Ten, did Bush manipulate the major US media companies to fix his 2000 election win? Bush's cousin John L.A. Fox News executive was instrumental in calling it for Bush Tainian election night, and cowardly other than that were sinned joining in. This confusion helps at the scene for the debate that ended his election despite Al Gore winning the popular majority at the start of Fahrenheit 9-11, the major players are seen smirking and preening themselves. Here they are more narrates, the whole corrupt gang who fixed the 2000 election. Can't wait for that movie to come out soon. Right now, I'll be soon enough. It's a matter of fact, instead of having Bush on TV, let's show the movie. All right. What do you say about that? So I guess we don't have that copy now, huh? Not now. Not now, not ever. I thought that you were a human. This is your point. Oh, fuck. Any questions? Coming up tonight on Inside of Behind the True Hollywood Celebrating Music biography profile story. He did more things with his mouth, than Courtney Love could have her dream of doing. He was Bobby McFerran. Oh, no, not that song. I have to interview that guy. According to information posted by the H1 on their website, Bobby McFerran creates music by, quote, beating noises out of his entire body while omitting a constant accompaniment of guttle noises, and the clicks and popping sounds. Unfortunately, this also describes a huge percentage of crazy people who like McFerran live in New York City. Excuse me. I'm from Inside of Behind the True Hollywood Celebrating Music biography. Excuse me. Are you Bobby McFerran? No, we're in. Me, happy. Wait, I think it's Bobby McFerran. No, we're in. Me, happy. Because George W. Bush is an alien, and John Kerry is Jamf Keece, Brian, and his pants. Oh, man, we were so close. So we were in. We happy. Unable to locate Bobby McFerran. We were forced to contemplate his rather annoying little song. It's a crock of you know what. Jack Forest is a annoying resident who, at the peak of the song's popularity in 1988, fell into a freshing machine. People would come up to me in my wheelchair. My heads in a brace. I'm in a full body cast. I haven't yet regained the power of speech, and they're singing that freaking horrible song to me. Don't worry. Be happy. Bleep you Bobby McFerran. I said bleep, because I figured you wouldn't let me say f***. Am I right? Bobby McFerran. Bad music is not a victim of us crime. It's a big juicy, softening with look at show business. Tonight, on its side of our line. Prop 16, we got the pregame at Prop 30, to Marlins and the Diamondbacks at 105. That's a bad name for a baseball team. We hope that they did well in the world as serious a couple of years ago. Bad name. The Arizona Diamondbacks? Throw it that. The Shakeshucks. It's a horrible name. I noticed I noticed. I know what it is, but it's just a bad name for a band. I thought what you know about it. What are you talking about? Sports names? No, you know. Not about sports names. Yeah. Diamondbacks. The devil raised was good, and the people over and table. The devil's in there. We got all the devil worshipers on a box. So it just, it says, It says, raise white socks. Yeah. I remember it. Did I say it? No, there's no way worse name than diamond. The cubs is cute. Cute. Yankees is a good name. Even though I hit him like poison. The junkies. The junkies. They make me sick. But red socks is not a good name. Either is white socks. How about when they call the white socks to pale hose? Ha ha. Yeah. You never heard that before? No. And you're supposed to be working to the sports department. You know that they call them the pale hose? You ask anybody over the age of five. Go ask Ken Maldon. He'll tell you. That's what we call the power of any six interns. Pale hose. I thought that was screw in. You'll pale hose. Anyway, let's get back to the bull result. That's what they're called. That's their nickname. Yes. Like the, every team is got not just their regular name. Like the Toronto Maple Leafs. They're called the buds. The, you know, Maple Leafs, the buds. Every team has got like a secondary nickname. Okay. The white socks are called the pale hose. Look at a fine line. I'll have it there. Look up pale hose. And the red socks are called the bloody hose. Parents says he knew that. Yes. He clearance to it because he's a real sports. They're not made believe like you. You better start, you know, mend in your fences with that child. Boning on that right now. Because it seemed to me they're unfriided that there was a more than meets the eye. Which in these best describes. Ha ha ha ha. What you believe. 565 votes. It's all a pile of bullshit. As far as religion's concerned, 230. Can we just get rid of it? Please, just give us, I'm going to tell you. If we had one year. Listen, I'm listening. If we could have one year without religion anywhere in the world. It's, it's a look. We've that magic wand. There you go. And it just came down from somewhere. And everybody just had like an instant lobotomy. And all those phony baloney. All that God bull crap and heaven and all these fantasy. These wild stories. Just vanished from everybody's mind. They wake up the next morning like, oh, how come I hate you? Right. We'd have to find something new to fight about. Yeah. We'd have to take a long time. Maybe we could like do a little damage repair during that period of time. Anyway, 230 states of polycraft. A crock. I'm agnostic. I don't know. 157. What you better start finding out. Better mend your ways with the Lord. Okay. Before it's too late. Before that seven hundred serpent starts to come down. You know what that meant? That was a metaphor for a Rome. And you want to know why? Why? Why? Because Rome is known as the city of seven hills. That's right. Right. Anyway, I'm agnostic. I don't know 159. There is a hell and we're in it. We're living in it. 72, which can mean several different things. All of them probably true. There is a heaven and a hell, 51. There is not only not a hell. What is it? Well, this is not word of the way I wanted Eric. There is no hell only heaven, 20 or whatever. There is a heaven hell and purgatory, 20. So we're going to be busy. And Armageddon is coming soon. 16. Oh my God. When I wrote Armageddon like the president says, we're going to be dead anyway. So what difference does it make? That was a great line too that he got off the hook. How come he keeps getting off the hook with all these idiotic things he always says? Shut up, come me. Oh, I'm sorry. Paul the avalanche guy in Syracuse says, The volume on your internet streaming is really low. I have a cranked up on WMP. This happens because can't hear it. Era America sounds great. Well, the difference being we're still going to be on the air in six months. That's a difference, Paul. It says, Ham George Crankett and the volume two. And then it says, Go Flames. Oh man, Paul. And Syracuse. Yeah, we made sure we chopped the audio away back for anybody in Syracuse. Anybody who's a flames fan. You know what I mean? Too many flavors. And Syracuse. Well, get back to Nick Berg. Yeah. Yeah. Spygames may have led to be heading. Says the inquire. Nick Berg had a link to US intelligence inside his suspect. Nick Berg, the American beheaded by terrorists was working in Iraq as US spy. It says for the next summation point. That's the suspicion of some market inside. Also suspect his links to espionage may have led to the gruesome execution cut on a video Tape that horrified the world. Washington is right for the rumors that Berg had a connection to US intelligence, a well-on-formed source told the inquire. Fuelling this suspicion is that he had error-blindness capabilities, and he said to be a computer genius. Someone who was presumed to prepare rather to brave the dangers of traveling to Iraq and apparently the legitimate business trip would obviously be a great interest to American intelligence for what he could find out. There's also a lot of suspicion that maybe Nick unwittingly got sucked into spy games that ultimately cost him his life. Berg's family claims that 26-year-old Pennsylvania traveled to Iraq to drum up workforce radio tower business, but the inquire learned there was no evidence that Berg's company, from atheist methods, tower service, Inc. actually existed. Brian McDonald's spokesman for Pennsylvania's corporation bureau said, for Berg's firm was never registered. Berg was arrested by Iraqi police march 24th, questioned repeatedly by FBI agents before he was released April 6. The agents wanted to know how his email password got up in the hands of September 11th terrorist Zacharias Masawi. That happened in 1999 while Berg was a student at the University of Oklahoma, and the Masawi's enrolled in nearby fight school, allegedly trained to be an al-Qaeda hijacker, and a bizarre disclosure that may have led to his death. Berg even confessed to one of his friends in Baghdad that there was a belief he was an agent of some sort. They thought he was a spy. It said, In a strange twist, Berg was executed wearing what appeared to be a US issued orange jumpsuit, normally worn only by US held prisoners. Bruce House of a close neighborhood known for since he was four years old until the inquire where we'd like to believe it wasn't the Iraqi police who turned him over the kidnathas. So I guess they'd like to believe that it was the US authorities who turned him over. I mean, was it with that make it better? I don't get that. I'd like to believe it was Peter Pan. There you go. I'd like to believe you. Got a believe, baby. Right? Got a believe. Yeah, see there you go. Twenty three past twenty three past noon is five sixty WCM if your carpets look like hell. And that's not one thing. That is there is a hell on your floor. It can be your carpets. If there's schmotsie if you have pets and kids and all of you above, they can really be in bad shape. But instead of wasting a lot of cash on brand new carpeting was cost in arm and four legs, car good friends to drive concepts to the best in the world. The best in business of bringing your carpeting back to life with their exclusive pet did rock painting method. That's why I've used them in my home store for 20 years. And once you come the first time you'd never dream of calling anybody. I'll suck your Alpeche George's life on it. The leave your carpets vibrant and color soft of the touch they smell of many fresh. They look like brand new. They're drying a couple of hours so you really can't clean today and entertain tonight. Call today and see how you can save in addition to their already low price and extra 15% on your next carpet cleaning by having them put you understand by listed dry concepts. And please keep in mind no reports, no scams to give you a guaranteed written price up front before they do their unbeatable job. They'll never let you down. Call dry concepts tool free 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 around a web. It's dryconcepts.com. The logo of the 6th 560 is the re-usual yours. Oh, you, you, you. Lord even loves Neo Rogers. I'm telling you Moses must have wise his name. How about you, my sugar? Hey, for Ham was devices. How are you? Tell me, I say hey, for Ham? Tell me, Ham, for Ham? I'm sure you came alive. Little swiss. I'm made to death. After a heart-day arguing religious law, these thirsty scholars head for their favorite refreshments is real light view. Go hide, get some advice for him. He's real light. Smooth as lots and green jeep. And it tastes great. But last a few words. Tastes great. There's stuff in there. There's a bobeous smelly taste. He's real light. The beer chosen by the chosen people. If they're alive, they're not. Hot mail has permanently blocked them, whatever you just said me. There they're. You do that all the time, man. It's not me. You gotta get cuts your set. No. Won't do it. You gotta know if locking is... I'm putting that block around him. Put him to your part. You're talking about this track, why not? Good talk about it the other way, thank you. My own tree game show come up now, and there's the very thing in here I'm going to have to like, now there's no filthy words in here. No. Don't be so cop you're ready of Anyway, we got the Arnold pregame coming up in 12 30 just a minute. Then we got the Marlins in the Diamondback level five Kimba Bocaper for the Humper Seven to seven from two of us they two That we later got hurt in online in seven to be safe to 10 for the big and any case 10 You This brought about remarkably Oreo no luck gerekiin Genlock doom I hurts than Florida with the HB Ro pepper W gosh you