The next fear factor, Olson Entertainment approved by the FCC seal of Good White Housekeeping. We locked the FCC chairman Michael Powell in a room with nothing but a screen that flashes pictures of booze. See this mic? This is a booze, Mikey. A booze. Stop this stupid, I'll find you. See this one? See this one here, Mikey? It's a bumper sticker for the fight against breast cancer. Wait for me. Here's my breath. Fear factor with Michael Powell, us CGV for the minds of ignorant little babies. Ruffy you buy direct TV now with over 200 cows of garbage. It's 10.15. WDQA, welcome Monai. Wednesday morning, happy Wednesday to all. Hey, you're laughing, man. It's no laughing matter. What else you can only pay you a sassment anymore? You can't even take one. That you took a really good one this morning because only air last. That may be your last. I was very antiseptic too. Yes, it was. Here's the results of yesterday's pool. What I said during the open there is true that Joe Rose still is temporary because Greg reads a coward and won't have that meaning. This is the absolute emissary. This is the truth. One day not too long ago Greg made the ultimate mistake of being in a hallway like in a middle of Joe show. And when a commercial break in Joe came on said, hey, Greg, this would be a great day to have that meaning. Let's get this whole thing wrapped up. Greg said, Oh no, I got a big meaning of 10 o'clock and ran the random hall. Didn't walk down the hall ran away like a child like a coward that he is. And just keeps yanking his man along. Now one day Joe Rose is finally going to say, although he, you know, he subscribes to my theory of just taking to my right to the bank. One day he's going to say, and I'm getting tired of getting jerked around. This guy won't even sit down and talk to me. And keeps canceling meetings and lies and lies through his teeth. I'm just not going to be in tomorrow. Just going to tell him, okay, give him my best shot. That's it. And I asked one of our intermediate management people level whatever he is this morning. Well, what's our contingency plan that we have one he said, no. Anyway, yesterday's pool result board is going to take a long time. 1563 votes. Which big name celebrity the past 10 years is the biggest no talent piece of crap. Now the FCC is having those hearings today with Mel Carmesan and Paul Taglia, Boob. And they want to, they want to taper that half time show from the Super Bowl. Oh, but they do. Who doesn't? Well, how many times they see it an hour? Not 30 minutes. They still want to see that tape. They want to look at a real close to probably going to like freeze frame in on it. Make sure that it is what they thought it was. Anyway, vignis no talent piece of crap. And I'm saying, you know, maybe the last time we can say crap on a radio. Peris Hilton 297. We had a great battle, but I printed this out before they're changing out because somebody's dick and with the pool. They're dick and with it. Dr. Phil and Justin think about time for saying 136. Somebody, somebody with a bug up there, but I mean, I realized most of us hate Dr. Phil, but somebody really zoomed him up there. 136 apiece for him and Justin think about. And in a call, Smith 115. Dennis, M. 187, P. Diddy 83, 50 cent 77. J. Low 73 and him, Samler 53, Brittany Spears 52. And by the way, if you like that toxic video, you better stay up real late because MTV even with a cable channel, I'll get to that experiment. They decided they're going to stick it on real late at night because it's a little bit too toxic. Yeah, Nicole Richie 46 time green 38, Karratop 36 Carson daily, the Spizem 34, Kidrock 31, Bill Mar 2024, Pane Diesel 22 Ben Affleck 22, as St. Kuchikuchi Kuchikura Kuchir 21, Sharon Osborne had about 20. And he's dick 18 Fred Durst 18, Sarah Jessica Parker 17, Simon's Cowell 15, Ricky Martin and Ray Romero were tied. How do you like that? 14 apiece. That's a very Romero Romano same person. Two pack 13 and a corner whole year 12. You can go on our website in our bedtime stories today. And see Anna Cornoholi on the cover of Best Side, the swimsuit issue, which is coming out today. You can also see Jennifer Conley. She's our very first in a new feature on our website, which we're calling what we're calling. He's sexy, select picture of the something like whatever winner Jennifer Conley. She's not completely stark naked. We have some of those pictures, but this one is very erotic and very tasteful. We will make it pictures on air, but we're just going to ease into it. And they will see what happens for that meeting to the I'm not talking about the meeting between Greg and Joe because that's not going to take place. When he cram it's nine, Bernie Mac8 and Greek egg, Iglesia say Colin Quinn 7 Alicia Keys 2 Matthew McCollock, Emma McGonahe whatever his name is too. Ed Norton had a pair and Nora Jones had one. She would have had a pair. They would be expected more but surely had one. Kind of like Mariah Carey. But at one gigantic boob in the middle of her chest. So that's resolved yesterday's pool. Bad news. Carbom kills 45 would be Iraqi soldiers and the second deadly attack in as many days. A suicide car bomber today killed 45 people. Most of them are Iraqi men standing in line for recruitment of the new Iraqi army. Iraqi medical officials said. Last happened 725 this morning local time in front of the Iraqi Army recruiting center in central Baghdad. The car bomber threw him by a single male and coalition military officials believe it fits the pattern of an al Qaeda attack. The bomb was between 300 and 500 pounds, which is pretty big, but not as big as Dr. Ackins when he died. That whole deal, look into that. That is just so pathetic. And keep in mind, who is behind that whole thing? Peter. Yeah. People for the ethical treatment of animals and as much as I'm an animal lover, especially a dog lover, these people are crazy. They're lunatics. And they're so pissed off between the pita people on the one hand. And then they of course the apostah and bread murdering people on the other hand, right? The industry. The industry is out to get atkins even though he's dead already because they're getting pissed off and fired up about this. Oh, look at this. Now she's on Capitol Hill with a look at today's congressional hearings on indescribable on the airways. You may in good morning. Good morning to you, dear. And well, the super bowl half time incident is sure to take some of the stage today with two hearing set. And you can see already. Much of movies sitting around there. Commerce committee is holding that hearing on protecting children from violence and indescribable. Now, among those scheduled to testify later, are all five FCC commissioners, including federal communication commission chairman Michael Powell. And committee chair Senator John McCain started by noting that this hearing was scheduled well before what he called the CBS Networks humble. Right. I didn't want to. I wouldn't even dignify whether he's sponsored so pathetic. You folks who think that you got any freedom left in America, dream on man. We're taking enormous gigantic steps back into the Stone Age. What was I just saying before I saw that? Something very important. I don't know about Greg being a coward. Anyway, you're like this story. A little change of pace from these France before we get into the heavy duty stuff. And before we check all and pictures out for the hot couple's contest. No more new ones, huh? That's today. All right. Yeah. Let me check again. Better check your emails there, man. We might have something really hot. We actually have eight. So I don't need to really push it all there. I must invite the way for our sales department, especially fat boy. We've already got the contest rules written up. And we've already got this thing for quite some time now. So could, you know, trying to stick your big fat self in there and Diddle around on the side. Man, he is just he just can't control that son of a bitch. Just out of control. Oh, get what? That's what, pal. Get out of here. Get out of our contest. Get out of our studio. Get out of my life fat boy. You idiot. You tub a cram. Nothing new, huh? No. These France, dressed in a demerit, demirb black suit, a 35 year old French woman, is married her dead boy friend. And exchange of vows that occurred authorization from President Jacques Chiroc. Under French law, Christel Demichael became both bride and widow in the ceremony, which was performed two days at Nise City Hall in the French Riviera. The groom of former policeman identified only as Eric was killed by a drunk driver in September of 2002. Boy, he must begin a little bit gamey by now. When you think, you think, I guess he's probably in a box. Demichael told LCI TV, she understood it could seem shocking to Mary someone who is dead, but her feelings for him had not dimmed. His body wasn't present for the ceremony. Thank God. Such marriages are legal if the living spouse can prove the couple I intended to murder before the other one died, the French president must also authorize it. Also, the French are cracking out a big time on the headgir, you know? And all the schmothas and stuff will get to that. Again, back to the MTV thing. This is amazing. This goes to show you how people pee in their pants. All the FCC has to do a start threatening and rumbling and they got these hearings on Capitol Hill. And right away, nobody can do anything, no more. And a public sits back. Hey, Joe, you think, well, it's going to go to a junior college or what do you say? I mean, seriously, we need to brain transplant an America before it's too late. How's that you need to brain transplant Howard Dean your man? That no more. Wow, he is such an asshole. He's on our last night. I mean, he gets single digits in Virginia and Tennessee and carry wins in a landslide. The only one who had anything going for him was Edwards because now the Clark is dropped out or going to drop out today officially. Yeah, Edwards might run respectable second every where now. Lucky did in Morty run in both of these, right? Okay, both Virginia and Tennessee. He edged out the Clark for second. So anyway, and here's Dean on Ergin last night. Well, no matter what happens in Wisconsin, he's still hanging in there because his supporters want him to compete. It's going to be a two man race between him and carry. Excuse me. Has he won any primaries or caucuses? Oh, did he come in and respectable and these? Oh, and this business of just picking and choosing. See, I hate to break the news. The doctor, Dean. But when you want to for present, you have to run it all 50 states. Not just all, I think I'll run in for mine. You know? Right, maybe I got a shot. And then he's going on rip and carry again about well. He's the only one who took all that money from special interest. And he did this and Yadi Adiyati and I'm the and he's just repeating the same old tarts stuff. This is a man who refuses to take no for an answer. Whatever the question is, the answer is always there. He's pathetic. In the aftermath of Janet Jackson's controversial Super Bowl Breast Exposure, MTV is decided that pop-tar print newspapers may be a two-toxic for daytime tastes. The music channel which produced Jackson's notorious half-time to what was just in ticker bell city at a Monday, It's moved six of its racer videos, including Spears video for her new single toxic from daytime to late night rotation. Record labels for Spears, another artist whose videos were consigned overnight programming from 10pm till 6am, were informed to the move last week. A spokeswoman for the network said she denied that MTV was engaging in self-sensorship or responding to pressure from its corporate parent via com Inc. Which of course also owns CBS? We always take into account what the cultural environment is and an ongoing basis to spokeswoman said, Given they particularly sensitivity in the culture right now, we're airing on the side of caution for the immediate future. Oh my god they're going to be rolling out all the old Kate Smith and the Rick Nelson videos. That's what you're going to see on MTV. I'm telling you right now and the ones where they showed Elvis from the waist up only. Zyne America, that's all I can tell you. 12.5.6.WQM, this is the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible, you pay zero closing costs, zero application fees, zero credit bureau fee, and zero discounted points. Get yourself the new amazing low interest rate of just 1.25%. If you have 100,000 alone your payments are a mere 334 a month, a 200,000 long cost only 668 a month. And don't forget, once you be financially good new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever. Pay closing costs again. So call today toll-free, 1-800-940 land and they'll explain it to you. Get the low rate mortgage a deserved and move your next property with no further cost to expense. You pay zero underwriting fees, zero dock fees, zero closing costs even when you move to another property. Get that new low rate financing just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group. Never ever pay closing costs again. Call for all of details today with no obligation call 1-800-940 land. That's financial group at 1-800-940-LAND either an equal housing lender. Restrictions apply, rate something to change monthly 4.21-APR. And local, this is Fort Real 560. You wait to wait, M. Break HUB can be the balance of a WQAM Loverdory. Highly skilled engineers in White Lab called Swork Favoritly with their clipboards to bring you The real one and solve. All in stereo. Listen closely as a sound control as if my magic from speaker to speaker. Left speaker. Right speaker. All in you, listen to your favorite WQAM programs. Why the BUNS-QUIZAR receiver of course. Simply ask to have a quality most quizar receiver installed in your car. And any authorized BUNS or DUMONDIR. I can't wait, 1017-560 WQAM, your HDTV or WVS station for the new millennium. In stereo, no less. Here are the different. I do. Also not only do I just want to finish this story, but the Britney Spears toxic video. Among the other ones that are going to be put way way late at night. 10pm until 6am. Blink 182. Room 5. And the wrap rock outfit, IKIBUS, who's video for the song, Mega Lomaniac, depicts an EVOLF Hitler character with angel wings flying over a crowd. In a statement issued by the band's publicist, IKIBUS Gatorice Mike Einziger, mocked MTV's playlist, alteration saying it's ironic that this MTV scrutiny comes. From minutes and it where someone buried their chest in public while for the first time, our singer has assured on for an entire video in this one. And even burn his boobies. But the boobies at Viacom and CBS and MTV said, Oh, G, see we're doing everything we can now to be nice boys. We're doing everything to be on our best behavior. That's pretty shocking about the fact we have no more entries in our hot couple contests. I'm strong Greg. What is it? I did a sudden receiving there or two more, and that you should have them better. I see. Some of the words you lied. I lied. Well, how many I'm trying to remember how many did we have last year? About third man. I need to tell him what we have about a dozen 15. 20 is shea think maybe. Do we on each one? 15 to 20 I think. So we got like 10 now. So I guess by the end of the week we might do that. See you're such a you're so negative man. Don't you understand we have a lot of people listening. They're just all ugly. They're not negative. They can relate to us. They're all ugly. So what's wrong is nothing wrong with being ugly. Most people are ugly. And for us are we people. And the good looking people wouldn't stand out. They're all the way to the right. They're the tremendous service we're doing for everybody else. I mean somebody looks at me and says, holy crap. I feel pretty good about the way I look. And then it turns out to be fat boy. All in some good news for you. This is going to make you feel good. And I don't want to too much good news because Sean and Sean, you're great man. Sean ought to be like on a payroll whoever Sean and Hollywood is. Because he's the one inspired our poll for today with that. Thanks yesterday. He said you show has been much too uplifting lately. Maybe you might consider this for the poll. So I did it about the most depressing movie ever made. So we don't want to be too uplifting. Want to be depressing because of these are depressing times. These are the times that fry men's holes. One drops lawsuit over Jackson Peep Show. And that great? Odd. So really that story. Less than a week after finding a class action lawsuit because of a outrageous or genetex and superbal TD stunt. Terry Carlin believes he's made her point. What's the point? The National Bankers withdrawing the suit file last Wednesday. New East District Court against Jackson and Justin Tickebel. Also there were so an MTV CBS by a com. Everybody in down the pike. But also that saw billions of dollars in compensatory impunity damages. Carlin led to Cheyenne others who watched the show during the Super Bowl. Were injured by the performers. Lou Daxons. When Tickebel did that. When he yanked. The notice of dismissal filed in federal courts as Carlin wants to see if remedial measures by federal regulators and the companies involved succeeded in preventing similar stunts. In the lawsuit filed on behalf of all Americans, Carlin charged that Jackson's exposure and sexually explicit conduct by the performers during the halftime show injured viewers. When at Booby. Just came popping out there. It came right through the screen and touched a lot of eyes out. It was an eye-popper. I mean what kind of assholes are we dealing with, you know? Major. It's a pathetic. It's sad. But let me ask you once serious question. You think Willie Williams is going to get more trouble or what? You think he's going to be okay? Well he. You went to lay this admission request and he faces a Friday hearing. And he's got three nights in jail with the BS. Oh. What do you think? Stop it. Now that's the important stuff. This is what's wrong with America. Is cramped. This is what America demands America of turn to. Let me say it again. Yeah. I want to say this many times. I can't because when it hearing is over. We probably won't be able to say any more even. Take one. I'm telling you. In fact, I'm going to tell you this right now. Speaking of Dr. Akins and died. I mean, you're better eat very light. That's number one. You better go get a high-colonic because after that meeting today when you. It has to be very antiseptic and not smell bad. Right. That's what Michael Paul is going to insist. And we're going to have the the stench police. We have the crap police come to your home. I understand that from no one all toilet papers going to have to be browns that you can see anything on it. And I got news for that won't be Mr. Wipple stand next to the bull. That'll be the crap police. You can't squeeze everything else. We got the pleasure police. We got the J. Walk in police. We got the pot police. Now we got to have the police to make sure that it's nice and antiseptic and not all mushy and the smelly and cramped. Just wait till they get those. Well, we can't talk about eschatory activity based on what. See this is what Americans are such a lemming's man. Well, the FCC the government said why. Did just arbitrarily they just said about a bunch of old blue nozzassels one day. Pandering to the fundamentalist lunatics like the pilot on a plane. Oh, they had the father and daughter. The daughter was a real valley girl by the way. They were on MSNBC last night. I guess that was one of a few people watching. And the father said that a lot of people on the plane thought that they had. We're going to meet their maker. Yeah. They thought this was it. I'd have been freaking out. They thought that it was 9 11 all over again that the pilot was either some kind of a faker that took over the controls of the plane. Or that he was the religious nut who was going to crash the plane in the ocean. So they called me to the lord and go to the wherever they were going up down to win between. And then American Airlines. Let me say again American Airlines use suck. They released a statement where they tried to say well he was just joking. And he didn't really say. Yeah. Yeah. And they totally changed his statement around. And all of the past years who were on a plane that had been interviewed said no, that's somebody said. We heard what he said. And he said if you're not a Christian you're crazy. I think maybe he headed backward. Right. He believed in any of these garbage religions. Any of these gutter religions you are crazy. Yeah. Look up to them. There's that. He gives him a hilltop. He's spreading some goodwill and good cheer. Passionately. Hmm. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I know how are you. Pretty good. You are first call of the day. So make it really good. Well, I just called to say I've been listening you for a long time and I am a huge fan. You make me laugh and get through every day and I just wanted to thank you for a great, great, all these great years and I really appreciate it. That's all I got now. That is shocking. Thank you so much. And have a great day. Then that didn't really happen. Let me. Let me. Let me pinch an inch here. Let me pinch an inch. Oh, it's all I got. And man that was we made a quilt right now. Look at that. And that was for the first time. There was Janet and Justin again. He's going to, he did it again. I'm seeing it. It's disgusting. That's why they keep showing it 400 times every hour. It in the public area. I I I shouldn't probably say this but I will anyway. The American people as a group. I'm not talking about our audience because he hereby most of our calls every day. The audience we have are very intellectual. But but aside from our audience, the American people are so goddamn dumb and so is so managed. And manipulated that it's really scary and the worst part of it is they don't even realize it. Well, you got to be smart to realize it. Well, that leaves them out. I mean, what are we talking about here? Spoops. She's this. WQM. Hello. No. Yes, sir. I, you know, I'm sorry you're really scared here. I mean, the fact is that. You know, it's just a boob. But there's so many people worked up about it fired up about it. And the backwards, you know, religious right and the southern is one of the southern states. I think. No. No. No. It's all over. It's coast to coast. Pillar to post. But the fact is if the public didn't agree with this crap, it wouldn't even be an issue. But. Well, wait a minute. Wait a minute. If the public didn't agree with this crap, we had over at like Tom Jick a road. We had over a half a million hits on our website three days running Monday, two days. One day two day one deal last week. And we're still getting hits up the answer. Because it affect that we had the Janet Jackson thing on our website. The majority of the people loved it. They won't even want to see more. A lot's more. But the goody two shoes, grad see. There are things that are politically incorrect. And that's one of you cannot say that new to the on TV is acceptable that we want to see it. You have to say, oh, I'm outraged by that. And I was disgusting. And so the public says that. But rational mind of people are not speaking of it. And not laughing to that. You know, it shouldn't. It's not an issue. It's an absolute non-issue. Absolutely correct. I think we ought to be worried about important things like Willie Williams. And like you always say, you're up is laughing at it. Right. The whole world is just crap in an air pan. It's like doubled over the laughter. Like what a bunch of the end of those we are. I'm moving to Canada, buddy. I'll see you at the board of men. Hopefully. See you on the old piece. Bridge. Up. 1026 at 560 WQM. Stop being a bunch of children. Man, grow up America. Grow up already. No. And you'll notice that this Republican congressman from California. I figure what those names. He's the one heading up this whole deal out. To try to like sanitize everything. You're radio, your TV, your CDs, your pop up toaster, everything. You're underwear, sanitized, baby. 27 past 10 at 560 WQM. I know Willie Williams is a lot more important than this crap. It's a bunch of crap. Right. So, eating crap. A-oh. Say one more time. That's what the geosciv Greg Ree was, isn't it? Said something about him being full of crap. Hey guys, last time you looked at it, it was just too small. It doesn't impress women. Definitely doesn't last as long as it used to. We're talking about that paycheck. You just get stretched very far because it's teeny and tiny. And the paycheck too. So call fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train and start that new high-pain computer career post-taste. In just four short months fast train can up. You get a new high-pain computer career. And the good news is the demand for computer professionals is still growing faster than that two more on Todd Rex asks. So call today toll free 1-866 fast train. And with several locations fast trains bound to have a campus convenient nearby where you live. Fast train offers job placement financial assistance for people to qualify. And with day night and weekend classes, there's no excuse to stay in that day to end job one more day. If you register now, you really can have a new life in a new career and a big fat one and a paycheck to that goes along with it in just four easy months. So check them out of the web if you like it fast to train.com and make that call and when you do pick up the instrument and call, be sure and tell them that Todd Rex told you to call, they'll be crapping in their pants call 1-866 fast train. And local this is for trail 5-6. You will win who will win. It's wrong man's wiser low is over and that she lead movie they made what a train. Yeah. I think I'm going to take Ben's place. Ben's without his jail. But she's still on his low demand. Ben's about his jail. And he made more doubt for her nice behind. Ben's without his jail. When his say I've ever seen can't be. The one that tonight. Ben's bare on reality. The watch will understand that there will be public and jade the good decent people though they moral oppresses people the ones that lie about war and things like that. And then a son off a bunch of your kids to be butchered and killed and killed 10,000 innocent Iraqi citizens. But nevertheless they're the good decent moral people. And that's why we're having these hearings right now. You mean the people that steal from the poor and give to themselves. That's why I give to the rich. Tax cuts for the rich you got it. People that love the big corporations outsourced the jobs and set them all across the China. Right. And then tell us by the way that that's good for the economy and good for America. I mean the one that can take away over time pay and all those benefits and restrictions of the law. Exactly. The ones that quit those non proliferation treaties and then say have the president today. I was making a speech about weapons of destruction and about how proliferation is going to destroy the world and the environment etc. So that's the ones. I think they're hypocritical right. I think that's one of the ones where the vice president plays golf with the Supreme Court just is who's going to rule on his case about releasing the names of those energy. People meetings etc. So what's it used to any lies playing the campaign? Right. Okay. Microsoft wants consumers of that major window security flaws. Now I put I went yesterday and I put every block every patch. Pardon? I put the patch right on my screen. That's the patch. That's right. I put it on there. Oh, seriously. Everyone knows update in our security update. I installed everything. Just in case. Because Microsoft warned customers yesterday about unusually serious security problems. Oh my God. With its windows software that could let hackers quietly break into their computers to steal files. Delete data or e-sdrop on sensitive information. I did look at the two pictures. I see we got a couple of nice dark and collected couples on our wishes. Good. How about some Asian couples would be good? Sure. Sounds great. But the first picture there. It seems to me that they already were on their own. They were my imagination. Huh? I don't know. They look awfully familiar to me. Like one of those other pictures. Well, whatever. They didn't wait. Why? Well, I'm not talking about today when. I think they're already on there. I think it's already on the first aid. Microsoft, which learned about the flaws more than six months ago from researchers, said the only protective solution was to apply a repairing patch. It offered on its website. It assessed the threat to community uses as critical. It's highest rating. In other words, the rating. What are we on? Yellow or orange right now? Yellow? Territret. Does it make a difference? I think it's like amber. No, that's not. Sorry. It's like a fuse. But the critical. It means it's a red warning for your computer. A Microsoft security executive Steven Tolusla Trex said the flawed set has name is Tolus. How you like that? Said the flawed software was an extremely deep and pervasive technology and when those urge customers to apply the patch immediately, if not sooner. And okay, panic. They're quite a patch, God damn it. Immediately if not sooner. I can say that. What's that, patch? The Department of Homeland Security also warned Americans about the software problems with emails set across its new national cyber alert system. Don't panic. But get what the patch? Just stick it right on there. Or stick it on your arm. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here's the, I guess, I better give the poll a whole thing. I'll over get some votes on there. Oh, look what's leading the patch. I do it. Even though I go to for something else. What was the most depressing will be ever made? Somebody says, Lenny. Lenny Pistory was an offensive choice. Where's the player? How many people do you think saw Lenny? About thirty men. Here's the fact itself. But he pressing will be a study that maybe, just and kick about to act in Edison. Oh, come on. You have to be a good one. Commitperson. For public? I don't know if you want to give you a kiss. Okay, so wrap it up. After adding the title of Grammy winner to his resume, just in Tinkerbell is going, after another movie star, another title. This is the print is so small, you couldn't meet with the Palomar telescope. Tinkerbell will start with Kevin Spacey, Morgan Freeman and L.I.L. Cool Jay and Edison. Shooting is to begin March 8th in Vancouver, with the film schedule for release next year. David J. Burke of Law and Order, special victims you'll make his feature writing and directing debut. After many years of looking at my many scripts, he decided on what we think is a terrific project. Tinkerbell's publicist can sunshine, told the APS today, you can judge by the quality of the other people associated with the film. The director's head of this begins his film career. Oh, God. Wow. Edison. I'm the Instincts single play. I'm journalism discovers that an elite team of corrupt police. Oh, thank God this isn't about Thomas. Uh. Femir plays the veteran reporter, helps him and spacey plays the DA's top investigator. When asked whether sharing the screen with such formidable company will intimidate Tinkerbell's son Trancet, Justin's 22, I don't think anybody is handled a kind of success he's had in 22 years better than he has. On Sunday night Tinkerbell won Grammys for a male pop focal performance, Crimea River and Pop focal album for a solo debut, justified during his acceptance speech. He apologized, for that grotesque average display of Janet's movie. Wow. Here's the poll. Well, I'm, I'm pretty pretty right. I'd be pressed about that. That's not even made yet. What was the most depressing movie ever made? We got, well, give me the result. Well, we got so far into vote. Why not do it that way? I agree. Requiem for Dream 12. Great movie, but very depressing. Midnight Express 7. Why? That had a happy ending. Ha ha ha ha ha. Did it really? Did it not? Tell me by that. He got out. Yeah, but he died. Eventually. Oh, God. Oh, yeah. It was so mario kidding me. It was so morbid. It was morbid, but it was a happy ending. He got out. He was reunited with his girlfriend. And then Brad Davis died. And he died. I mean, it was very morbid and depressing movie. See again. All you care about is the end. The end. Back home. To get from A from to get to the end, you have to like start in the beginning. He was going to his wife. And you're also, he's seen in a bath house. Right. Well, and the priest were pretty pissed off about it too. They weren't there to enjoy it. He got that guy's tongue. Uh, wrecking and where to get it. Reckling for dream 12, minute Express 7 midnight cowboy 5. Looking for Mr. Good bar for looking for Mr. Good wrench. Deliverance for terms of endearment. Three. Citizen came three. Uh, Oh, to Billy Joe. That's what I voted for. Oh, don't drop Robbie. Don't do it sweetheart. I was in the bed. Uh, Citizen came three and Norton. What does that L. North tape three? I'm glad the other people have seen it. Makes right there. What is it? It's about Guatemala and it makes wreck. We have looked like it's a wonderful life. Magnolia 2. Great movie, but very depressing. More of it. Romy and Juliet 2. Lenny. One, Lenny Brewster. You know, how many years ago was that, Lenny Brewster? About 30 man. I think more than that. Not like 15. I'm guessing here. 15. I can look it up. I don't mean the movie. I'm talking about when Lenny Brewster was being abused and ridiculed at harassed and maligned and a long time ago. And here we are. It's 2004 boys and girls. And you're Congress today with all the crap that's going on in the world. All the problems. All the people are can't afford to buy prescription drugs without any health care. All the kids that are getting your crappy excuse for an education. With all the idiocy going on. They're holding hearings on whether we can show titties on TV. I'm telling you, man, when we took that poll, this audience had their thumb right on it. When they overwhelming, he voted, grow up America. That was the response to all this crap about the Janet Jackson Booby flat. I think somebody in this government ought to get the booby prize. You know, this is like bubble part 2 only much worse. This is like a penis gate all over again. Oh, the president was getting blow jobs. Oh, let's impeach him. Oh my god. And he lied about it. Wow. It is a scary thing. Thank you. Thank God we have all the diversions because I think we'd all go nuts. Thank you, the Lord for willing Williams. No. Now, Jason Williams, that's another story. You know, the thing about the dog I can't stop thinking about that. Right. I mean, the limo driver, I don't know. Maybe he was an asshole. Maybe he had a comment like Bonnie Bakley. Come on. But the dog did not have a comment. He might have been a rotten wier, but nevertheless. And he killed his own. And nobody seems to care about that. No. And I was still like to find out why is it that he did that. And he didn't get any punishment for it. So in other words, you have a right to kill your own dog. Is that what you're there saying? Partly. And let me now tell you that. Let me die in 96. When he bruised I didn't 66. So we're talking like 47 years ago. And of course the WBA I think the George Colombo the 70 awards. That was over 30 years ago. And here we are in 2004. And everything has to be so sanitized. I think even you're going to have to throw one of those sheets of bounce into your radio and TV, you know. To make sure. Yeah. 1043 at 560 W. Kuan Hay Valentine's Day is the Saturday in Pompat of Park Racing in Card Room in Pompat of Beach. As a great couple special at the top of the park restaurant. Too bad we don't have any couples listening to this show. For just 79 99 you get a full course dinner for two including Shrimp cocktail, seafood, skampy and a free bottle of Corbell champagne. Plus there'll be live music throughout the evening you'll have great seats to enjoy the racing action. There'll be free flowers, prize drawings just for the ladies and for the kids, free miniature horse ride seven to wait PM. On the track Saturday Valentine's Day is the opening round of the $250,000 alakarpoe pacing series with top horses from all across the nation. Plus the annual sweetheart pace featuring only women drivers highlighted by the great B Farber. On Friday the feature of Emily the opening round of the $125,000 Mac low bell trotting series. Hey be that horse has been standing there for 18 hours. Go clean them off a little bit. We'll get it just a half mile from both I and I. Five in the Florida turnpike. Pompat of Park is easy to get to invest of all. Pompat of Park features free admission and free general parking every day. And don't forget as part of the Valentine's Day festivities. Please kiss us from all the hinnously when you enter the track for both the ladies and the guys. Live harness racing in the Poke room is open every Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday at Pompat of Park including tonight. Or take a look at it's Wednesday. Yes. Poke room starts at noon till midnight. Live racing gets underway nightly at 705 pm. You ever have those things where every day come like is the same as the other one they all kind of run in together? No. Cal Pompat of Park for more info at 972-2000 or check them out on the website at pompatofark.com. Don't forget big Valentine's Day festivities this Saturday at Pompino Park. Live local 360-560. Reus on your... Pomp! Pomp! What happens when two awesome forces collide inside a steel game? Oh, find out this funny thing. The Democratic primary bans your heart featuring the main event nature boy Ric Flair. Who? Who? Versus nature boy. How are we? Someone's gonna get punched out like a hanging chair. A ninja boy. It's gonna stop at profile. Who? Why from South Carolina? North Carolina! South Carolina! Who? North Carolina! We're gonna South Carolina! Who? Who? Who's shooting on a grill on an evening? Ric Flair, better watch us back. Just got only to these fans, lovely. But everybody loves me. California! And Pomp! Of your... RAAAAAAA! Ric Flair's famous figure for leg lock. Woo! And our jeans punishing tax-loop holds take down. RAAAAAAA! The Democratic primary team tour. Woo! Woo! RAAAAAAA! Only on tape off you. It's 1049. It'd be a guarantee a lot better than that launch label. That was kind of stiff. This is kind of cute. It says free willy. Live tonight for more than 11th. And the visitors parking lot in the Pomp and O' Correction facility. Special guest appearances by Benny and Brian Blades. Oday Simpson, Rie Lewis, Raker Ruth, Nate Newton, Jesse Jackson, Roy Black, Drew Rosenhaus, and honorable judge Susan Letham Goal-Lebow. Some guest appearances will be taped through the previous incarceration. Bring the kids plenty of role models available. Join in and beat the farmer chick who didn't don't want to be hugged, Pinata. Run through the Farwich thing which you smoked the, like, the Kane's boys. Noody bars nearby where you can put your farmer in his face. Hahaha, a lie. It's kind of cute. Oh, we didn't get too new entries on our hot couples contest. Those were already on there. That's why they look familiar. Okay, I already had seen them. So we only have 8. Alright. So we're gonna mention it again. And then I'm just gonna like, show up my hands and ear and give up because I don't know what to do with this here. I just guess we have nobody listen. Thanks, Rag. We got nobody left listening to the show. We got a minute, a Zidin people on our website because they would like the nice newty pictures. Here we go. Hey, aren't, what? Here's a new one. We just got it. We did. Well, let me give the info again. Because it's pretty depressing. I don't know what other little bit slow. They always do this right to the deadline. Deadline is too a clocked this Friday, which is only like day after tomorrow last time I checked. For a hot couples contest, email your pictures to contestatnealrangers.com. And a couple of the voting will be next week, but the deadline to send them in is this Friday or two, so get your answer in gear. And all next week we'll have my partner website and the deadline will be next Friday or two, and whoever has the most votes wins, first prize, which is either your choice of one of these trips. Three-dite vacation at Headness of Injumeka. I'll include some including all meals, all beverages with the exception of airfare and personal expenses. Or a trip for two to world-wise is because the resort and casino, two night vacation, including airfare to Grand Bahama Island, and all the other stuff you pay. And third prize is a dinner for two of pizza loss. So the first place winner gets whichever one of those trips they want, second-prior place, one gets a second one. And third place gets to watch Jeff for where we're eat free at the pizza loss. So that's it. Contestatnealrangers.com. But time is of the essence. They're just either their dittal and in Dalman or maybe just there's nobody out there. That could be it. And of course the money just keeps clearing into bank. Just keep the checks coming clear and so it's all we care about. It's a loss cause. When I heard the story about the Joe roasting with Greg Reid, I mean at that point you just throw your arms up and he didn't say, I was right, just take the money to the bank. There's no hope. There's absolutely no hope for that dope. Most depressing movies is Bob is Sophie's choice. The choice. Chris says, my nominee is the cube which had J-Lo in it. That's depressing in itself right there. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM hello. How you doing Neil? Pretty good sir. Oh god that's a j-ton way. I'm just a scumbag. Did you watch the dog show last night? No I did not. The Westminster. No. You know those dogs. Okay Robin Jones thank you. WQAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Listen I just can't believe the right one today. No I did not. Leave not yesterday. Oh she mentioned weapons and the man's destruction for about 18 times before. Yeah. Because ridiculous. And if you could add ordinary people to your appall that would be great. Okay. Yeah. I'll try to shoot myself. Okay. Thanks. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. The most depressing movie ever made. Requiem for Dream 21. Midnight Express 15 and spread a George liked it because he liked the Turkish fat scenes. Yeah right. Just relax. Will you please. Josh get the baseball bat. Come on. Now what's going on now? Why is it all okay are you getting it? Is there a free freshing or what? Yeah I'm getting it. What? What do you tell him? I don't want free fresh. Let me try to fresh it up. Unpurpose. I mean it was there when I went to it. It was just there. Mom and I go nice there. Reading it and all of a sudden it's like a stuck. Maybe there's any enormous response on it again because they want to see that Jennifer Conley picture. Do you think that could be it? It could be it. The way. No but WM the famous line 9. Hello. Yeah. Mudry fresh. I do. I'm in too. Yes sir. Most depressing movie of scene recently was mystic river. Okay. I thought that's why I got all those words in everything. Yeah I mean it really you know you walked out of there. You're definitely not feeling too good. Okay. But it did a job was great. And then anything with Julia Roberts is very depressing. Okay thanks. Oh come on. Sleepy with the enemy was good. What other good movies she make in waiting because they go? No it was the one where she had the cameo appearance. Aaron Brockovich was very good. No no there was one where she did a cameo appearance. Oh what that was that movie. And then it was the one where they were after get her where she found out about the plot to kill the best present what that was that movie. I don't know. But you should see the Aaron Brockovich. How many movies did Julia Roberts make every year? I should see one. Aaron Brockovich because it's all about. Aaron Brockovich and Aaron and how evil they are. Oh come on. Not my good buddy Kenny Layer like his potato chips. You're best close personal friend. Okay there it is. Most of you pressing movie ever made. Requiem got 23. Midnight Express 16. Terms of Endearment 14. Midnight Cowboy 8. Casualties of War 7. Looking for Mr. Good Ranch 5. Deliverance 5. Magnolia 4. Romeo and Juliet 4. And everything else is the. Oh, the Billy Joe's got 3. No but see that's a long time ago. It's old nobody saw it. It's old and steel and Robbie Benson just during 85. It's certainly qualifies though. It does. Really. Really. And even the song. Now who did the song? The Ode Billy Joe. Bobby Joe Gentry. Bobby Gentry. Bobby Joe. Bobby Joe. Bobby Gentry. Billy Joe Gentry. Right. Bobby and the Gentry's did keep on dancing too. But anyway the Ode Billy Joe is very depressing. And all that kind of like an aintry kind of a set. You know. Real deep south. Oh, because it's one of those cases where they made a movie out of a song. He was cute. As opposed to the other way around. Right. That's a good idea. Why don't we make a movie? Come on. That would be great. That's a great pull. What song could we make a movie about? Into Hood by dear thanks. All right. WDQA and hello. Yeah. The power can breathe. Public in grief is the one with you. Robert you right. That was good movie. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. I played with him like, you know, but thank you. I don't have to worry about that the rest of the day. Pelican brief you didn't see that. No. That was good. Did it have a pull. I just hit me by a rag on Julia Roberts. I hate her. I don't know what that's all about. I think he's okay. But he's over. Over done. I mean, we don't need to see her quite so much. What do you mean overrated? That's what a lot of people say about her. And because they make this giant deal out of her. I don't think she's a giant deal. But I think she's just fine. And I still say he's sleeping with the enemy. I think he's a good movie. It was just fine. I didn't have a problem with it. And then the part of it was almost like watching parts of passions. You know, where was like right, you just knew you were going to get frustrated by it. When she went off to visit mommy and then nursing home and all of a sudden there he was again. And you know how anal I am about a good ending and, or just an ending at all, that's a great ending. That's correct. Sleeping with the enemy. And as a recommended movie on the new Roger show for you. Okay. Quick look at those naked pictures. No. 10. 6. 4 minutes before 11. You better. In fact, let me suggest this to you. I don't know how long that means. Going to go on probably like an all day affair. You talking about the meeting with Joan Greg. Yeah, right. But you probably all look at a lot of naked pictures today. Why you're still can. That's my suggestion. I'm telling you before they shut the internet down. That's correct. See they have no control over the internet. They can't control the content. And so as we saw that because there's no pissed off. That's probably one of the things that will come on the mean today. No more nudity on the internet. In fact, no more nudity in your home with the lights on. Lights out, maybe. That would lights on. Faith like a morvin. One part of the time. Think in the bad guys. This Valentine's Day is just a couple of days away. Saturday right around the corner. Hope you're not thinking about giving no same old Wilton flowers this year. Because forget about that. That's old news. Unless you're planning and getting the same nothing in return that you get for the flowers. Here are a three words you need to remember. Vermont Teddy Bear. You send her a bare gram and work. The lover boy Bear. The love bandit Bear. The new All Star Valentine Bear. It's like a sports fan. When it gets there, it should be completely surprised. It should be shocked. And all of our co-workers will think you the greatest guy for sending such an original thought. They'll give right to her orifice. That may be so giving the speaking of her orifice to give that you're hoping for. So this called as toll free number. One eight hundred eight two nine bear and a friendly bear. Councilor will help you choose the perfect bear for your Valentine. They'll live with a free chocolate and their famous gift box. It only takes five minutes to order an overnight delivered to the home or orifice is guaranteed. You still have time. Call one eight hundred eight two nine bear or shop online. Vermont Teddy Bear.com. Send you Valentine. It's the creative alternative to flowers instead of those nasty obnoxious dime. Fluttered that in just a matter of hours or even worse. Truck that's going to make her pork up like a cow. Call today one eight hundred eight two nine bear and tell that old Neil. Totally to call one eight hundred eight two nine. B E A R you still have time. We're sports. We deal five six. You a M. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to the station. And now is the day and during steam campaign advisor for the Joe Lieberman presidential campaign. Is God of the Skadash Shameh Rabo. They all immodity the Lord he will save. We only have to say. Vagolo, who is man, Caribe, the Maru Ome. Oh, boy. That is the assure. But it's your old-time best. Nothing's even close to that. I'm going to take you. Ken from Toronto who lives in a to the Coay. Ken factions and says one of the most depressing doomsday movies was on the beat. 1959. Starring Eva Gardner, Greg Repek, Fred Astero, Tony Perkins directed by the Great Stanley Cramer. Probably can do a breadcramer. It says Go Leaves go nice. Tile last night in Tampa, down 4 to in the third period. Gary Roberts scores with a goalie pulled with the less than a minute to go to tie it up. Nice going Gary Baby, a 4-4 tie will take the point. Ken from TO. And also here's one that says Philadelphia's Daryt timehanks and Denz and a Washington 1993 Philadelphia. I've had a has-y ending. Tom Hanks died. Oh, well, that case. Kind of been all bad. Oh, and you're sending me more of these priest stories. What is wrong with you? Here's one thing, two, three. Let's see here's another one says Philadelphia and Manstries ball. Yeah. But Charlie's the wrong. No, you see in that? Halle Berry. Who's in, who's what's though, monster? Is that it? What's the Charlie's the wrong movie? Where she plays the Dijk. Oh, the, uh, Eline Wardow story there. The one that's new. Right. Right. The trial that's on, uh, on the court TV. I don't know. Buster. Is that what it is? I don't know what it's. Something like that. I think it's monster. The monster may have showed you this. Buster's ball is very good with Bobby Buster. It like six times already. When are we going to have Halle's berries on our website? Uh, how about tomorrow? Do we have those? Oh, we're going to have Halle's berries on our website tomorrow. Or next week or something. Give me a minute to find a good picture. Okay. Tim says a tremendous movie. Truly underrated that has a heartwrenching the pressing end of his breaker moranth. I wonder if that's kind of Jimmy Moranth who drives it to go over down. The most depressing thing about break em red is how a god awful boring it is. Maybe not straight in 1980. It serves Edward Woodward and Brian Brown. Oh, I hope it's not as depressing as Bob Woodward. He's a brilliant guy, but have you ever seen him do in the talking head stuff? Are you the last night on the CNN? No. He is so pathetic. I mean, you know, it's thick to the writing vibe. You're great guy and the congratulations on deep throat and everything else. But he's just so pathetic. And I think that the vice presidential choice might. Oh, god. It says it's the best ant haybore moranth ever seen. But it's the pressing break em moranth's is Tim. I'll put it on there. What do you like to read about it? It's not what he liked. These are the pressing movies in some of which were great in some way. Mitch would craft in a already on there. Here's another list. I don't want to list. Okay. I see the question again. Got it. I'll read it very slowly. I'm a little bit too fast. Too hyper. What was the most depressing movie M O V I E ever made? Not what were the 30. 30 most depressing movies ever made. You got it so far? No. I didn't think so. Top 50? Top 80. WQM. Hello. I can ask for Kniel. Speaking. Deal. To be sure. I want to echo the sentiments of what the first caller said about you. You really have made quite a difference. First of all, everyone. Well, moots is gross. And I just want to add my two sons to your survey. Yes. I'm going to put every movie by Ike Mark Bergman. Yeah. I mean, if you want to talk about death and depression, there are no more. What about poor Ingrid Bergman? Oh, well, no. She's already. No wonder they burned her at the stake, huh? You got it. I'm a legitimate kid. Evergreen day, Migo. Please come up a great work. I was the K. How about aggregate, what about who is it? Edgar Bergman. In Charlie McArthur. You know, this Greg Reed character. I don't know where that came from. I would have to think of the pulling the strings and the ventriloquist with Edgar Bergman. I started thinking of Greg Reed. Somebody did see Yankees, Cheney. You know, wake that bastard up. Oh, such a coward. I can't stand cowards. Oh, congratulations on the great book meal. By the way, I'm just starting to terminate George Rodriguez. What did they do? But what did they have many? You're right. I need to write a book. The problem is nobody would buy it. But I just to read myself. I make a pamphlet. Goes right a pamphlet. The local audience will go. Oh, so much for God. What a jackass. Man, what a loser. It's your great to be a real big shot with other people's money. You know, that's what I've always loved about him. Has all that money of his own now. Thanks to the fact that they cut him in on the deal. He can do no wrong because he's part over the joint. But man, you just have created more interest for us. That's why we just take the check right to the bank. We actually might really do a great job someday. But I doubt it. Because everybody subscribes to my theory now. Take the check to the bank. At least they clear. Oh, this story about Stephen J. Gray. This is pretty interesting. Yes, it is. Thank you, Jeff. And did you get a picture of his new hair cut? No. I emailed it. Hey, that's a nice couple by the way. That lead us one or pretty interested. So see there's started to come in now. We got how many couples we have for the contest now, Neil. Yeah, oh, thanks. And then we can have Robert Gruper on there. And some other nerd. And then we can have a couple of nerds. With all the pirates in South Florida on a radio, the FCC just doesn't have the man power to shut them all down. Or even a chunk of them. No, they're too busy worrying about who's saying crap. They're too busy sniffing your toilet bowl. So the private sector is getting involved. The Palm Beach Post reports partners, Lou Vensie, and Stephen Gray, an old friend of ours from IOD, as Stephen J. A Broward County user equipment, similar to the low jack stole and car homing device. One of our former great sponsors for many many years. To take to track pirates station to their front doors, and estimate their levels of interference. The two guys have sent detailed reports and photographs of pirates transmitter attend us to the FCC. But Gray said recently, I have yet to receive any reply. The agency has a policy. We're not confirming discuss ongoing investigations. Now they got bigger fish to fry, Stephen. Yeah, they got bigger fish to fry. Janet Jackson's movies. That's what they're worried about. They're worried about Brittany being on MTV before 10 o'clock at night. Would that toxic video? Because it's a little bit too toxic for their taste. Because there are a bunch of pure, traumatic, asoles, tyrannical and pure, and tyrannical. Let's see FCC for you. I'm almost, I'm not going to do it because I've played it about a week ago. Play that FCC song. It's so bad. It's so can't be. But it just frost my ass thinking about this. It will make me even matter as that most people don't give a flying crap about it, including most of the people on this radio station who are too worried about William's willy. Another parrot hunter who didn't want to be identified for fear of her contributions to any contacted landlords, remind them that their leases have clauses about illegal activities or that pirates violate building codes by mounting transmitter antennas. You know, I heard that's where I wanted that. No, to the antenna? Oh, show them off anything. Stephen Gray recently cracked 17 parvats stations in two hours in Dave County, 17. Yeah. How do you like that? You go Steve? For all the good it's going to do. The ACC at the 17. He invented a venture. Estimated more than 60 operating date barred in Palm Beach County, and new one goes on here every week. A new parrot station goes on here every week. Many pirates learn and if they're legal broadcasts because they pick the locations for enough between license stations or transmit on very low power or what local quality equipment like we have a QAM. A few have equipment that prevents them from interfering. But most pirates don't know they're interfering and don't care. Sometimes the new parrot station begins interfering with an established one, which jacks up its power to try to drown out the new company, twisted form of Darwinism, it's like a war of NC ended. Vency and Gray created their own Venice to battle the pirates. Plines can hire a signal finder ink to pinpoint anything interfering with radio transmissions, but what's our problem? Oh, crappy signal? Oh. This can include corpus telephone and wireless internet signals, power line interference. Well, let's jack all that power lines down on 441 and some may be over the horse. Illegal bug transmitters, taxi cab 2A radios, have you ever gone by not taxi cabs, but truckers? Hmm? They had the two ways all the sudden here. Oh, no, no, no, no, you can actually hear them talking for a couple of seconds as there's zoom in on by, crawls to off. Even fast food drive through communication systems and power radio stations. Vency said he has signed up clear channel and has inquiries from other broadcasters, armed with evidence stations don't have to rely solely on the FCC of Consumed pirates with civil suits. You go, Stephen, and whatever your partner's name is there. Vency, Vency, Vency. You got all these pre-stories here to disgrace. Also, I have one. A little later on, once we get to a doctor, Bob, NFCC's looking for that half time show. Hey, they want to tape a bit right now. They want to see it again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and they're going to watch it 4,000 times then decide if it was perverted. I've seen disgusting, I'm acceptable, etc. Come on, thank you. Now, where'd it house that story? What was it I was looking for? I've got the priest, I'll get to it. Just relax, got a lot more than 30. These sex abuse scandal against the Roman Catholic clergy appears to be, I gotta get to this right now. You inspired me with these factions you sent. The scope of these sex abuse accusations against the Roman Catholic clergy since 1950 appears to be much greater than previously estimated by victims groups. And by the median AP review of reports of DIC's befinding. The US Church will make an unprecedented nationwide accounting of abuse plans and costs later this month and some bishops already have started releasing local figures. The AP contacted DIC's across the country and found that 1341 clergy members have been accused of molesting minors with more than half of DIC's yet to report. Just a small number, 1441 isolated incidences. Just 1341 isolated purverts. What it's really doing is showing us in black and white that the problem is much worse than any of us thoughts had sue archibald, president of the Lincopi, Kentucky-based victim advocacy group. Statistics have yet to be released by some archdioceses that have faced hundreds of allegations including Boston and LA, so in other words, they're not even including the biggest ones in here. Thousands and thousands and billions and millions of PPs, purvert priests. And that's what they want, PPs. Little ones. Not good mind. What was the most depressing movie you ever saw? That's our poll question. Thanks again, Sean. And in fact, Sean should come up with our poll every day. I'm going to get him now to burn out on the whole thing. Huh? He can be our poll man. He can be in the poll position. Requiem for a dream 33. Nobody's going to touch Sarah. She's getting more of a crush off and Sheridan unpassed. By the way, E finally gets in. Luis finally gets in there. As, uh, who is it? Is it Eva, was it to Tavesa? The talks, uh, and Tony going to, oh, find me getting the doctor to open up that door. Open at door, you lunatic. Requiem for dream 33. Terms of Endurment 22. Midnight Express 19 in Spiderman George said it was morbid man. Midnight Cowboy 11. Just calm down, dummy up a little bit. Casually's more 10. Sophie's choice nine. Deliverance eight. What? What was really depressing at the end when he would have him in the nightmares? Why was that? Why was that? Was that? Was this depressing when the hand came up out of the water? Do you remember that? Sure. He pressing. He promised a good bar seven. Although the corn sure was special. So I know you say it. It's not that healthy as six saving privates Ryan saving Ryan's privates for on a beach for roaming on Juliet for El Norte for Lennie for and after that it's a small potato so far. Long way to go. Lots more will be unalist. Excellent poll. Thank you so much, Sean. Check us in the mail. Georgia, send me it. And now I hear rumors sending it. That's right. Oh, and at least I gotta tell you this real quick was I'm beyond a break. Phone rings yesterday at a minute past two. Okay. I pick it up and I hear nothing. I say, oh, nothing there. Two minutes later it rings again. It's your close friend, rumor. I said was that you the call to men to go, oh yeah, but it was a bad connection I decided to hang up and call again. I said, I thought I might have been you. He says to me, well, if that's the case, why didn't you call me? I said because I don't I want you to pay for the call you cheap bastard. Wow, oh man, oh man. 14 past 11 a QM let me tell you, speaking of rumors, the pizza loves spot. If you want to meet the voice of the panthers on TV, the anxious and famous dear farmer, just head for the pizza love anytime he'll be there. He'll be there just enjoying all the great food, not some of it, but all of it. And you'll love it too. They have combination to visit the lock. So if you're new com or the other pizza love and David, you can get one of them combination plates and pick out on a little bit of this and a lot of that. Take a chicken and feel seafood, cowzo and super subs. They've got the best garlic rolls going anywhere. They've got to be kind of past ever invented and three different kinds of fabulous pizza to. Jeff's got it all and the food as well. Everything is cooked to order. It's fresh. It's delicious. The portions are humongous and the prices are still teeny and tiny. So you don't have to take a big bite out of your wallet. And of course the pizza lock also cateres. Use them for your next or a fish or home party, catering for as low as five bucks per person. Well, if you're going to be a delivery and infecting the stopine take it out as well. Here's the number to call for a delivery and take out nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty the pizza. I've been going strong for almost 30 years in town and they're going bigger and better than ever. You'll find them in the pizza lock. Plas on University drive right behind Pira on imports. That's between Griffin and five ninety five. Like I said on Prostidea's University Drive. In fact, when you run into rumor there at the a pizza lock, you might over invite over the house for dinner as long as you're bringing the food. Pizza lock in Davy you can't be to with a stick. You're going to have to just push with your price if you can. You will. That's it. They were the dance. They were the dance. They were supple. They to see the final chapter. Man, the man from the sea. The top and top. The fair game through it. Top is their hot dog. When you've been into it. Tell me when the game lies. Oh, it's quintal for came up. I'm going close at the game. I'm going far away. Almost feels on too far. But I'm there. We know more about these livingers. Do ninety nine a pair. No more of those t-shirts. Despite these names. Too bad they're not coming back to here again. Healy with the came up. Oh, now it's quintal for came up. And no employees that became lost. Get my run away. Love the twenty and five sixty. W-2, I'm going to have to mad dog at two. A hanklberg at four. F-a missionary and traveling evangelist. Oh, my God. Fair enough to have an opportunity. A thirty's on six consequences credit card for jury. And one kind of credit card number theft. The charges stem from telephone calls made to a phone sex hotline. Alright, peachy gold. Alright. That's great. That's one of my all time favorite stories. Not as good as the broad and france of married the dead guy. Well, at least it was a dead fiance. Please charge in podcast under investigation for sex abuse. No. I don't know how to like the hit ahead of him anymore. Have any fun? I used to like that guy. A priest charge with growing urge. Weaning his church residences under investigation for the child abuse. Assistant Summit County Prosecutor Murray and co-vac city. As the AC plants to meet with Polis. The determinant of sex charges ought to be brought against the Reverend Richard Acro 40. The allegations surfaced during your court appearance by Andrew J Smith 25. Nearby Barberton, who typically, last month, to emerge a whiny plants allegedly grown by Acro and erecting rear of the print. All that nothing like having bad weed in your rectory, rectumary. Of the Prince of Peace Roman Catholic Church. Smith and Court Tuesday providing probation in an unrelated case. claimed Arco began a sexual relationship with them when he was 15. He told his attorney that the relationship continued to January when the priest posted Smith's bond after his rest. On charges stemming from theft that Prince of Peace were accrocerved as pastor. Maybe still a couple of joints. Over the years Smith said in court Arco showered him with gifts money and drugs and exchange for? Sacks? Sacks? Smith was credibility could be an issue in the mirror one of investigation as a history of drug abuse and as under pretend count to them on charges of forgery. They were sitting still in property and weed and stuff like that. I was speaking of that what a great segue man. I better take some calls. I'll get some more movies on here. They're going to start getting pissed off. But first. The University of Miami football recruit Willie Williams. Now let's get the important stuff. There we go. We're going to go to the crowd. What are we? Right. Willie Williams is going to be hosting his own show on a station every morning 8 to 10. Unless Doro's gets that contract by the end of the week. Reg you idiot. We'll spend at least three nights inside Broward County. G. L. Penning a bond hearing Friday and his future with her coons is uncertain. William's a parade all American from Carroll City submitted to a 30s yesterday morning only hours after. Gainesville authorities filed more chart. We know that. William's and the order of her. Duff this morning man. I'm going to tell you our operations manager. I can't even believe it. Duff it to defending what he well. All he did just like you know the boys will be boys with the fire extinguisher up there and I said well he was arrested on 5th 10 times in the past five years. A violation of probation on that course. And on that girl he grabbed you know he met her that I'd be for. Yeah. And. Anyway his probation was said to when today but he couldn't wait. He's fine said what him's lawyer Paul Lazarus were committed to the jail. Obviously he'd rather not be where he is but he's going to make the best of the situation. He's going to have a great time in there. Ha ha ha ha. On Lazarus advice family member declined to comment. William's 19 began his jailstit and brought down the top facility. He was a good one 15 this morning but in the afternoon he was transferred to North Browdy tension complex in Pompano Beach. Got ya got ya. So there you go. What do you want him to spend? Set him free. Set Willie free is what we say right. Good old handling Willie. How's Bob Ferrington done. Oh. I dropped those little things in there for Dick fine burger. Pompano Park because he he's the only one who was when I'm talking about. Okay. He was Elmer Conrad. He knows red Ross and Walter Ross and Diana Ross. 26 past 11 at 5 60 WQ and how's the pool coming? Let's get back to that. I'm rambling. I'm all over the place and you're not keeping me in line here. What was the most depressing movie ever made? How many votes we got? 201. Uh. Requiem for Green 36 terms of Endurement 23. Midnight Express 22. Folk of Alpha 14. Sophie Choice 13 Midnight Cowboy 12. 14. Looking for Mr. Good Ranch 9. Deliverance 8. Magnolia 7. Saving Private's Orion's Private 7. Citizens Steve Kaine 4. Odebili's Joe 4. El Norte 4. Lenny 4. Yeah. I like to know who it was that was doing Robby Vincent and I movie. Are they showed it in the movie? It was the guy from the fair. You think he'd run me a picture of it? I think so. For a woman in Juliet 4 on the beach 4 or Neri people 3 Mr. Grimber 3 American history X. Where did that come from? Where did that come from? Always dug it in there. With all that facts that you tore up after all. Jack the beard 2 irreversible. One. Monsters balls, breaker marant and the cube each have the big. So far, but it's early. Prop 20. Prop 20. So Manisting is flying long. It's 140 in. 11. 27. 50. WQM. Where we at least get the time right now much else. Hey Greg you and idiot. And restive at it is a truly delicious meal replacement drink that just happens to be made for people living with diabetes like me bought anyone who's looking to cut down their sugar and take in drink it. I wonder if Dr. Bob a drink it if he were still alive. And restive at it is sweetened with splinter which is made from sugar in fact they were even about splinter this morning even Dr. Group did you see that? About how great splinter is. So there's no nasty aftertaste like you get with those drinks made with aspiratements saccharine recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a big ass hurry and restive at it is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides you with all the essential vitamins and minerals you need for healthy life. Plus it's got fiber antioxidants yet the good news is it's low in saturated fat and that anxious cholesterol too. And restive at it is gluten free and lactose free and 8 ounce can provides 237 calories of easy to digest nutrition try and restive at it once and I bet you Jeff hei's life on it you'll never go back to whatever you would drink before that's how good it tastes. Pick it up all over town it's at publics records Walgreens Navarrocinano CVS other local pharmacies or if you want to do the smart thing the makers of edirective edirective edirective so positive you're going to love it they're giving you a free to pack in vanilla and chocolate I have to do is call that tool free never they'll send you a one of vanilla one chocolate they in a to pack call 1 866 368 3739 or faculty at order for yourself on their website enter rectiabetic.com just click on free samples when you call be sure and tell them that Neil sent you by for the delicious one give an additional free special gift just for having a ball to mention my name. Colin told free for your free to pack call 1 866 368 3739 you 95 276 I'll do it at 566 WQ I'm the station that really hurts let's get to more of these names on the appol okay okay WQM hello. hello uncle me oh yes sir. I just like your opinion I'm a registered independent and I just wanted to do anything to get W at a ball for you. yeah I lost the question sir I don't want some like the working but it's a lot of stuff. I understand anything would be in our best interest in the pen and to go ahead and I've been thinking about going ahead and switch over to democratic party just just to get W at a ball for just to make it a little bit. What are your answers that make how you register what is that going to do? Well I don't know what to do. I'm going to ask my suggestion for carry three times. WQM hello. Hi I've got two for your poll I know you can give a left to Brian's poll and claim it was the primary. Two good ones yes thanks a line. Okay bye bye. Bye. What Brian's song how could that have ended well. Or any that was pretty pressing okay and uh... Cramer versus Cramer that was the bread Cramer story. He was driving two horses in the same race and northfield down. The most depressing thing about that movie is Marles' treat was in it. Cramer versus Cramer that was Dustin Hoffman right yes who's great and Marles' treat who's not. Oh and I would be glad to get some real street just because he's skinky. She skanky she's ugly she's incredibly overrated she's a green person and sucking a post other than that. Another day try to say Marles' treat is a creep is that what you try to say. Ander okay but other than that yeah she's great. WQM hello. Well you'll have to I've got a suggestion for your poll that was done locally propelled Ricky Schotters career the champ wake up champ wake up champ wake up. Oh that was great. So wait a long time for a while. I told you see those of you people out there that don't appreciate the quality of these fine calls on his show. Shame on me for shutting the calls off for those seven months you know that was a bad mistake on George's part. I apologize. Hey you like to bedtime stories I know. We're the only one that was the problem you don't get no diaries that was the problem. If only there's that asshole Scott Peterson. I don't care about that go on to something elseian and all change the channel. Yeah I'll turn I'll even turn on MSNBC how do you like that as soon as I threaten that they got off him. If they're in Cagan back on she's cute. You like they're in Cagan? They're in Cagan the a news reader on CNN she's perky and she's cute but she's not offensive like a solely that oh Brian Horace. Oh man. I hate to say this but I really would like to beat her around the head and shoulders with a. I don't want to say baseball bat that would be bad. Something not really sharper hard. Oh wet noodle. Yeah my noodle like exactly. Like Dufflin's these penis. Study whip wait didn't hear this women over 40 biggest online gamers. Sorry Duff like current's as penis. What kind of games are they playing? Oh, but if it says 18 ages are spending all night long playing online games with a computer not the kind of games where you're thinking of wrong it says guess what? Wrong. It's their mother's bringing them at night oil. AOL released the study showing that US women over the age of 40 spinnily 50% more time each week playing online games than men and I'm more likely to play online games daily than men or teenagers teenagers are too busy looking at porn or playing with themselves and each other. Of those women over 40 would form online friendships AOL said more than 20% converted those virtual connections into real-life relationships. I like that. Preciousing the arguments of those who say that gaming takes away from other activities 40% of the women over 40 who respond with the survey said they spend less time watching TV or movies reading or being physically active because of their game play the plan around kind of games guys. They're playing online their plush and their guts out. They're gambling away to God damn bread money which is good because bread will kill you. See this is the new battle. It's really almost hysterically funny. The bread the starch people. You got the SS the super starch people against the Akins people and over the twain swimming in of course to sweeten the Pablo bit you throw in the PETA people. And you got a real bruhaha is what you got going on now. But he had kids. Oh he weighed 400 pounds he weighed 600 pounds he was a big fan slob he had a bad heart he had all those other stuff. And then we find out that this was all generated by the PETA people. And of course due to flee every newspaper every wire service they put this on their own doctor atkins was a fat pig is not so much a crack rap. Too late everybody everybody knows it works everybody who yeah who is into it. But don't confuse the PETA people with that because the Akins died involves meat animals oh no that animals. And you gotta be vegetarian or they get all pissed off and they'll come out your home and beat the crap out of you. WQA and hello. Yes Leo. Yes sir. Are you know I just had these two on your pole. I'm either kids or bully which were um was easily the most depressing movies I've ever seen. Okay. Okay thank you so much. They were both recommended by the most depressing person we've ever met in that studio as a matter of fact who's not there no more. Oh yeah. Him. Uh now see I'm trying to be a nice guy which I'm not but I'm trying to be a nice guy and at least people why they why won't they stop they just they can't I guess we should commend them for at least cutting it down to appear you know to do for calling at all and the participating and all that. What do you mean by that? Well they could just not call. Not come up with something. My point let me say it again. The quite let me read the question again this is my bad. I should be reading the question over and over in fact ever reading enough times it'll be too a clock or we'll go home. Woo. What was the most depressing movie ever made not what are a couple of the most depressing movies ever made. What are 15 not what are 10,000 I mean you know they mean well I appreciate it like last of these to say and look what happened to him that's what you say but then this is what they hear every time I just today know I mean managed to have a lot of your zah here's what they hear what they all the movies you can name. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Okay that should take us to what little next year for a hundred and thirty two votes and so far recommend for dream thirty eight terms of endearment twenty seven the most depressing movie ever made midnight expressed twenty five Philadelphia 19 Sophie's choices tied with midnight cowboy fourteen casually the more a dozen looking for Mr. Good range eleven and after that single digits and deliverance still has only eight even after I try to goose it up with a Bob and Tom bit sorry about that I tried it was pretty depressing in fact it is as the movie went on a cut more and more depressing just as burnt Reynolds yeah ask uh... robbed well what the don't tell me runic ox very good right yes well see who else was in the movie um... uh... runic ox burnt Reynolds uh... john for eight and they're ready and they're going to be a band of on tangible boy our favorite who is loan to the producers of that movie by the beastly 19 till noon at five sixty w q m speaking a strange people bad boy came in the studio real early day to a meeting greet and he said two things first was and the second thing was hey high-end joint at great dollar matters and on ear my house of course i've had a dollar matters for years you would be doing the same president stay is just a few days away now it's coming up Monday every year present and stand on a line but it's just a early event that the bedding in a promised to run those big phony ads for mattresses it's a tradition and they're phony is how because they double the price then they cut into half and say hey guess what what it the elices were giving you half off wrong if you want real rock bottom unbeatable prices on the best mattresses going do what i've been doing for years for a coupons age make the one simple called a dollar matters at one eight hundred mattress no phony sales no paid in swish just every day rock bottom prices on the best mattresses you'll find anywhere is they got them all they got cilly and service simmons king coil tempered pdquish is fantastic and now stirrens and foster hewitt choose from dozens of models at low every day discount prices speaking of foster hewitt i wonder if that game is on an hour what is there in a break you can rest easy and enjoy great night sleep for years to come when you call dollar matters you'll need to have to leave that house just make the one simple call and keep in mind only dollar matters such a choose a two hour delivery window that meets your schedule when it's convenient for you every day seven days a week from eight an a until ten p.m. with low prices same day delivery free set of her novelets easy to see why dollar my prices ranked the best in the universe in christmas satisfaction so no but all the smart people at qm are doing and even some of the dumb ones make that call one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred m a t t r a s or online you'll find a bit that was dot com my my well this is for three of my six two oh youngest who young i've been everywhere man i've been everywhere man i've been everywhere man i've been everywhere i've been the windows guard those park home and a sort of bubble of rondo when slow fast food of winter don't know come on I'll hold my hand I'm a matter of a month we're gonna not get a line up and also home and i'll record a I know it's a call I knew that's a call and Texas and in where I've been everywhere man we're gonna California and we are we're gonna sell to go to no I'm gonna live in my year man I've been everywhere I know it's a call I knew that's a call as opposed to Charles and David and we're gonna California and Texas sort of in California and some blue rock black rock and rock and we're gonna sell we're gonna and Michigan and Lake Devin Lake Devin I'm gonna live in everywhere man I'm gonna live in everywhere I'm gonna have my share man I've been everywhere and we're gonna watch it and you see it and take the one down yeah 1147 13 till noon at 5 60 WCM well I'm gonna show it to the sub-nunthel Midnight now did you just email me pictures so for your copula? I didn't mean to if I did so fia copula? yeah why would I do that? I don't know anyway the debate over Dr. Ackens popular high-fat low-carb diet flared postomously yesterday when it was learned that Ackens himself was a bloated 250 pounds of his debt and I'll say it again the people promoting this are the Pita people the anti-meat people they're having an overshmit because more and more people are turning their back on carbs including bread and pasta and things like that all these things and they're eating meat which is the staple of course the heart and hole and soul of the Ackens diet a city medical examiner's report filed after Ackens 2003 death from a fall showed the six foot doctor was at a weight normally considered obese the only problem that of course is because he was in a hospital for what was in nine days and they were like putting all him fluids and when of course he wasn't getting rid of it because he was in a coma oh and so they claim that he gained 60 pounds in the nine days which sounds like a lot but when you're like pump any full of fluids all the time you puff up like a boofo towed the Ackens physicians counsel said the carbohydrates shining doctor gained more than 60 pounds through fluid retention in those days he spent the coma before dying last April after slipping on an icy street and hitting his head Ackens weighed one ninety five when he was admitted so let's see six foot tall one ninety five is a little bit overweight but he certainly wasn't enormous okay he wasn't gigantic it wasn't human does it make if he wasn't making any difference because like I said the diet originally came up back in the 70s when he wasn't even overweight and the diet has helped Zedians of people how many million people absolutely about 30 million people lose weight and a lot of them if they're smart have kept it off but of course the data people who are much of lunatics a bunch of crazy people want to force you to continue to eat vegetarian like seaweed and the kale member of fat so he was eating kale yeah lasagna for you chicken and kale for me remember that yeah but the hell's kale anyway it's a bunch of like weeds I say you know your weed right yeah greens like uh chillins you know your chillins that's I thought that was guts critically ill patients when sustained on fluids in a hospital gained a lot of weight said doctors do a trigger chairman of the Ackens physician counsel he was grossly swollen so much to this family and associates barely even recognized them now the medical examers report also noted that that Kins had history of heart trouble clean congestive heart failure and high blood pressure but the doctors heard a he talked about it on king on a Larry King on law before his death about the fact that he had there's heart problem stem from an infection cardiovascular myopathy and in large heart that's what he had a viral infection not because of his diet or at oil clog our East of life but now airmenus paper like I said you put out a little bit of truth like his name and the old pictures or that's Bob Mackins look at that he was fat because what they want to do is they want to poo poo it data is suck in a into it and of course there being helped out by another umptious group called physicians for responsible medicine you know anytime I hear responsible physicians to be that's an oxymoron especially in Florida responsible physicians my ask much of pill doctors hey hey uh right on my tip for prescription for zokorok they will say to the brimuda they're still doing all same crap they've always been doing uh i'm telling it there's nothing any different physicians for responsible medicine the group that released the report and promotes a vegetarian diet just like data acknowledge that fluid retention may be responsible for some of his weight but probably not all of it the group maintains that atkins diet poses weight and health risk to the millions who follow it how do you like that and on and on is goes in April 2002 a year before he died atkins issued a statement saying he was recovering from cardiac arrest related to a heart infection it's suffered for for a few years and it was in no way related to diet like i said it was on with our close personal friend uh the king myster one doctor not connected the case that extensive weight gain indeed can occur in comatose patient's especially those with heart trouble like atkins it's certainly possible then an effort to try to resuscitate and they keep giving you more and more fluids and essentially he keeps them in the body said doctor Schmendrick of some minor hospital amounts on in the York about his name was some longjacking how do you like that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for rise of wireless line the robins sold at high the hot you get like that less than a to go uh FCC is i thought the hearings are going on and they want to have time to is that incredible everybody else has got it everybody in north america and even people in europe have got it but the FCC wants it they've asked the years for a tape of it's heavily heavily criticized super full sunday half time show and his moving with unusual speed as the agency chairman has taken the worst effort personally directing the probe he's taken his nose into it he's got his the tip of his nose right on jackson's boob right up just in the back home ass the agency will determine whether they have time show violated in the decency standards when singer jena checks and's right press was briefly exposed the FCC's enforcement bureau facet initial editor of inquiet a CBS on Monday which acknowledged received yesterday's an intensive respond thoroughly and quickly FCC chairman Michael Powell's press ring agencies enforcement bureau to move swiftly now he is pissed off and fired up one who's in charge of the show did they know the content was scripted room prompt to who if anyone authorized the content and you think anybody's gonna say oh yeah we know all about it that was my bad yeah oh yeah we we I was part of the script part of the deal was this bad judgment our parties anybody gonna say that i mean talk about a bunch of window dressing man talk about a lot of proof and cocky somebody i know would say what kind of crap is that cocky poop wow w q a m hello hello yes sir hospital to get on before new store is there a while right now you're in cool yes sir okay i've got uh i've got a vote uh in your poll uh i don't know it's been mentioned because i just tuned in a few minutes okay how the house of sand and fog is gotta be the most depressing movie in years even though it's a pentastic movie but it is you're gonna walk out of there and you won't want to eat food for hours it's such a down movie the house of sand and fog yeah it's with a bent king play because there's a pentastic performance but yes he is it is so so depressing okay thanks for the good news i'm gonna go see right after the show please bye thanks house of sand and fog oh another one that's got to be really depressing is what about the train spotting is not depressing unless of course you like that stuff yeah that's depressing i i i i i i i can not good enough to be on the list though sure what that five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty on the AT&T i was just joking about Sophia couple oh that young lady looks a little bit like her so much lovely or no what do you mean by that? oh so slow it is just a little bit too easy my sleep again i think that bad ball movie had this morning is a bad I don't like it was a being a bad studio good sound to get this crap was it good? it was great you better talk about it right now and before that meeting ends it was so hard to septic i i thought it would be a good but talk to a josh about it not us cute i think it would be a good home so do i Josh? hello yes sir hey Neil yes hey what's up? how are you doing? all right most depressing movie does this also count like as independent film like you know like maybe Spanish film with like English subtitles? well i mean nobody ever heard of it it's not gonna do too well in a poll you know i mean okay well the most depressing movie i've ever seen is called the lovers okay it's 1992 and it was made in Spain and it's got English subtitles and that is the most depressing movie that i've ever seen it's a good one nice to thanks a lot and have a great day five six seven five six to the lovers okay nobody's been a whole four to septem but that's okay he uh that's where i's gonna question he gave us only one salament de un alright right we'll take it what was the most depressing movie ever made and i'm telling you right now of course i could be wrong i've been wrong every day in my life but i don't think they're gonna be Sarah and this is Sarah yeah that would speak for Sarah please hey something i'm gonna be a television please tell me when it's a beautiful thing that drag you know the fact that Miguel didn't like that movie fits in so perfectly you know what his problems four minutes till noon he's a great kid he's looks great all the other stuff he's very gung ho is enthusiastic all the you know i love him but he's he's got some he he needs a lot of him he really does in fact maybe we can give him that shock to him in the Sarah and uh uh sure and are getting you know he's young yet given time is that what it is yeah young and hung i don't know about that and full of fun well maybe somebody the building will find out as Ricky Carlos he's probably been checking although he did progress his wife so must be he must have something up yes maybe it's an attest tube anyway here's something that's great and that's the lights of west bokeh that's the number one low carb sugar restore in the world speaking of doctor atkins rest in peace there are unions of people all of it is universe that are on the atkins are some of the low carb die the south beach died i'm so sorry i mentioned it because it's nothing but a cheaper fall but you want to you know if you want to buy the book and read about a lot of local restaurants on south beach that's smooth with the author go right ahead never go time anyway they've got over a thousand low carb products in the store which is going to help you stay in your low carb that because he gives you the variety you need to give you some items with some taste instead of the same boring meat and cheese and seafood and seafood and meat and cheese and butter and bacon and that's tough and delightfully got breads and bagels cookies and crackers chips and brownies chocolate they's ice cream pasta sources catch up cheesecake and tons more at at the atkins right at the delight they offer you the what is the lesson they're open every day seven days a week from ten to ten you can sample anything in the store before you buy it and their staff knows the atkins died and all the other low carb diets inside and out and all the atkins products they got the biggest selection anywhere and they're on sale all day every day even on poor them so if you want to hit for the number one low carb sugar free store this is it make no mistake about it the lights of west bokeh you'll find them on the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to prestigious Boston market or column pull free one eight seven seven low carb that's hello WCAR beer on webbits low carb dot com don't forget there's only one delight to west bokeh it's your official atkins restaurant piece retail center my life and look all this is sports radio five six you away it's the state golf scene but you can call me tell me whenever I'm in town I listen to wait a minute I am in town it's the 12th of hour dot water 14 feet above the keel and 10 minutes like I think a wrong week with most in the forp and all three holes and in boardroom six it's like a bit wrong week could reach when we get on the wave damage get that finger out of you're here you don't know what that finger's been it's five compartments and it looks like a big Tylenol she can say for the first four compartments reach the most effective harvest down wait no to find like I take your all week when I'm fed up in the water will spill over the tops of the buckets there's no something's there's a fire in the barn for this more much no matter what you do me your john big three a tonic no funer just want to tell you both the luck rock outing on you I believe you may get your headlines Mr. this may there's a seal of pennies don't I want you to draw me like one of your french films wearing this where did you get that dress off on those shoes in that co-cheese probably two at five sixty w q a m what a reason I play that as somebody said Titanic and I was kind of like a two for on it bit I got the winner right here nobody's been a vote for because nobody has seen it and you know what it's a good thing Mike you got the winner the most depressing film ever was death in Venice and we're seeing it no don't okay lots of fact thing okay safe oh it is so depressing they hit the end of that movie just want to blow your brains out it's about this old queen and he's in Venice Italy and he sees this young very feminine looking boy who's there with an teenage kid about I don't know 14 for you already discussed in depressed who's already there with his parents and they run this fancy hotel on the beach and he keeps eyeing and oogling and nothing ever happens and then he goes out of the beach and come to find out that the young kid's got a boyfriend who's even a little more afraid than he is at any rate and it's just and he and he dies of course I'm telling you I'm a sporting the end for you because uh I don't want you to see it's a great depressing morbid it's sick death in Venice you got the winner Mike nice job boy you got facts is up the answer oh they're playing from it out here wow they're coming out of your ass oh wait calm you're not thank you I've seen a lot of depressing films as this one almost all on your current list but as far fiction goes to clear winner uh from two years ago called the Grey Zone while death in Venice was the Grey Zone well this one is called the Grey Zone it tells the based on food story of Sunder Commando the Sunder Commando squad's at Auschwitz these were the Jewish producers who had exchanged for next year to him on select work for the Nazis I wonder if the tiniest supervised they didn't kill our torture other prisoners and said their job news included the following leading the new arrivals to the gas chambers with soothing lies emptying the gas chambers after the mass murders pushing the bodies into the ovens and dumping the ashes into the river and you thought your job sucked and as Harvey Kytel Mira Servino Steve Buschimi in Natasha Leon and David Arquette in the cast it's called the Grey Zone it's on its be O2 this month couple more times it says I recommend hiding the razor blades before watching thank you also Jerry but he's a spring says I'd like to suggest the hours for today's most depressing movie pool starring Nicole Kidman Julian Moore and Maryl Streep there she is again your favorite right yeah as three disturbed women in three different decades they all were affected by the writings of Virginia Wolf playback Kidman a very disturbing and depressing movie morbid and depressing thanks Jerry Mike says the a low budget film at the beauty it is called the last American virgin the tablets misleading perhaps George may be calling me call yes and they're absolutely right boy howdy depressing says I was eight years old at the time was just devastated by the ending and Troy did features a teen who supports the young lady he loves who happens to be pregnant by the high school quarterback wasn't really Williams the supporting teen puns is per he's not a quarterback the supporting teen puns is personal belongings reliquishes is savings in pace for the abortion he provides undying spiritual and emotional support to where the two begin a relationship ultimately the movie ends at a party with the young woman on gravely kissing the teen who impregnated her leaving the other young man devastated heartbroken sure says usually movies and happily this one did not and I remember it still says my depressing and hitting damn close to home for a lot of us oh Rick says he's got two well well the secondly came from the name that's good coming home with Bruce during in Jane Fonda well who the hell would want to come on with either one of them well maybe Jane find if she keep her trapped short I guess huh hey we got uh topless pictures of her well that's coming soon score score Ted turn on the past while he'll carry more his hector says that my most depressing movie had oh yeah this is gonna love story with Ryan O'Neill and don't tell me I can see right now she had what did she what happened her? Mahanad Ali McRaw whatever happened I Ali McRaw she got old and married somebody oh I mean I think in the other order though and who else was in that Ray Malan played the obnoxious father remember that no you don't remember Ray Malan no I don't remember that movie I think oh yeah he was an asshole man he was great let's see Nancy says my friends most of the pressy movie was JFK mine was what dreams may come with Robin Williams oh I didn't move it with Robin Williams except patch uh Dr. Patch whatever that was was that movie patch Adams patch Adams was that he was kind of grizzly I can say that I'm gonna have to say that today before the meeting ends you know the one with Greg and Joe Rose also Nancy says I have my hand I have my miniature oh I'm so sorry Nancy had I have my mint and put to sleep last week she lived I can and you find is this on the original facts like this she lived something and I can't read that one sentence I thought you'd appreciate that you're the best she lived I just can't read the messed up on the facts sorry Nancy nothing like a mint pin to keep you on your toes all the time they're great I'm gonna say it again Jason Williams should be put to death right now forget the trial forget all that how's a lie I wonder what they're doing on court TV are they doing Jason Williams or what? hey all right so it's the Jason Williams trial Mr and they're yucking it up I can mix up those names okay you got you okay so now you go right or do you go left actually uh there's just yucking it up like uh some big funny is going on here meaning went right and we went left if you knew how it was driving and he put that was the action they were going the wrong way I went and the fry his ass on nation worldwide TV right at the stroke of midnight tonight stir fry John Steinbeck's the grapes of wrath quite a depressing film great book the pressing well the whole story is depressing right yes uh my rabbit says my pool of suggestion is tapping on with Steve McQueen and Dustin Hopman thanks my rabbit got a nice note on here Titanic Chris and Titanic Dick or whatever that bit as we got Titanic uh Lynn says cook was nest everybody's an honest today that's one Sean great Paul 25 on it too on why cook was nest oh yeah well it was it was depressing but it was also I don't know it was you right it was really impressive bittersweet but depressing overall although I like it when the Indian was too in the gum do you see fruit jissie fruit hey you slice and of a bitch keep let's say the crossing guard would jack nickel send with everybody log jack nickel send it just he's just so he is he's him the crossing guard directed by Sean pen it says gut wrenching says chronic facts your Todd and Hollywood who's got the hotst for Judy or Barron the WB news uh let's see oh Earl one of our blacklisters was the one who sent Philadelphia before with Tom Hanks and then Zell Washington thanks Earl so there you go that takes care of the facts is god almighty we're gonna have a zillion how many thousand the names on here but good and ugly pressing movies okay that didn't end exactly the way George wanted him to right how's how's how's Magnolia I don't think anybody has seen Magnolia it's too long a couple of people seen it and they told everybody else how bad it wasn't so nobody saw it anymore asshole this is an asshole man see I finally got him to admit he's not all these months man you're sucking up suckin out pretending you like the movie hey you're not the only one that can just make stuff up what does that mean he makes stuff up all the time such as like I like midday express for the body of prison factory for example well value of the dolls the Sharon Tate story was on a in elash night oh I've seen that about a million times the Sharon Tate story value of the dolls how come a Charles Manson still alive oh they didn't have the death penalty or whatever you're right there's nobody with a musician because he had some songs oh that's right and his sister Marilyn was pretty good too most depressing movie born free says Phil and I'm I'm I've gave what that was that about the lions oh and it was an annual story also the lion Ethan says the most he pray oh I was speaking of that here's another one all the other yeah what's more depressing than shooting a dog I don't know I just didn't want to see Jason whatever his name is where well the Republicans put their campaigns big up maybe not sticking in your butt oh you don't know some of the main goals of the conservation officer well during a break I thought maybe Jason was going to shoot another dog there right on TV right into courtroom you're telling me that nothing happened let's see PS it says from Ethan the picture gen if for commonly should have been for the dolo scene from our room for dream oh that's kind of when we got a lot of time we'll have a different one every day okay right but but Ethan brings up a good point like what is it we're trying to do something nice years Bruce at the website to give people something like little charge whatever it is we're going to have a lot of second guessers like Ethan saying that you should do this and you should do that I think Ethan should start his own website and put pictures on there were you stopped picking on Ethan he's he just is this suggestion that's all yeah suggest this he wants to ask to ask so maybe history yours how do you like that he's got a big uh instrument he borrowed from silica Rouge you don't need no mold see if you'd stop picking on silica Rouge our Latino audience would come back we have a 40 share in the next book I'll tell you right now I ain't done doing I'm gonna do it I ain't done we love silica Rouge should be the best she'll be the one he cruise 12 minutes past noon at 5.60. When you came out tell you who's the worst and that's Todd Dreckman when they in fact when they invented that word Dreck there's a picture of his name right next to it last time you looked at it guys you decided it just ain't what it used to be it doesn't impress women definitely doesn't last as long as it used to and of course we're talking about your paycheck of course yeah yeah yeah call fast train toll free at 1 8 6 6 fast train why the hell they pay him money I have no idea you know he must have nicknicked pictures of those people call fast train toll free at 1 8 6 fast train start a brand new had pain computer career it just for short months fast train can up against yourself a new career with a new life and a big fat one too a big fat paycheck Georgia warrior big fat one and you can smoke into celebrate the demand for computer professionals is growing like crazy and it just done on and side so pick up that phone right now get out of your den and job get out of that rough at your life is stuck in call fast train at 1 8 6 6 fast train and with several occasions around town there's bound to be a campus nearby you fast train offers job placement financial assistant for people who qualify and with day night and weekend classes there is no excuse to be working for peanuts no more if you're registered now you can have that new high-pain career it's the middle of February let's see me a mark it doesn't make him after February March August let's see the mark up on May June like I said about a middle of June so call fast train now you can have a really big impressive paycheck too and a real life maybe get lucky as well call one 8 6 fast train or check about on the web at fast train dot com then you always second get me what a let down you call my hand before I even get my down and when I'm always on the main you seem to get a bad way and so and you lose the breast meal so why am I loved when you never fought for me so was your vision With your vision You've been to the victim When there's trouble I can count on you to lead me on the level When I see you I'm falling lost So why am I Covered with lies Why am I in love with you In love with you When I see you I'm falling lost So why am I in love with you I'm falling lost So why am I in love with you In love with you You've been to the breast You say I'm right And then you always second guess me You've been to the breast You've been to the breast I'll even give you back Your car and call me back When I'm alone And I'm alone You say I'm in love with you And you've been to the breast So why am I in love with you All the depression all the time When I pass by and I walk in no problem When I pass by and I'm in love with you I'm in love with you And I'm in love with you And I'm in love with you And I'm in love with you And I'm in love with you And I'm in love with you And I'm in love with you And I'm in love with you And I'm in love with you Sad Moby says Jennifer and Boca ETI cried my eyes out P.S. Christian is a douchebag Here's one that says Bullying for colombine was depressing Needed to be made and watched it But it is depressing Absolutely correct Hands down when there says this fence A beautiful mind Correct Well we got a good list here going Here's the double digit one so far The most depressing movie ever made We'll start from bottom deliverance 10 mercenessory X11 Casualities of war and magnote each have 12 Saving privates are our Ryan's privates 14 And looking for Mr. Goodman's 14 So V. 21 15 Midnight Cowboy 18 Brian song 25 full the off you 29 Midnight Express 31 Terms of Endearment 34 And Requiem for Dream Oh right 49 You don't ever get in terms of Endearment His fame is in highly crowded as you Yeah Did you? Wasn't that with the Shirley McLean? See End Jack Nicholson Didn't see it Look at it Now that wasn't a ones where she was doing her thing on the bed was it No that was being there with Peter Sellers Oh she was doing it on the bed and on the floor and all over the place And he liked to watch Right 560560 Pound 560 on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line Here's that famous line 9 again QAM Hey the oil you doing today Pretty good sir You got to put beaches on that list Okay As far as Jason Williams How the whole she allowed to even For the dust and gun And pull her out of the comes down Exactly You know Put a douchebag Curtz's later Thanks a lot, Charlie Because he's a big NBA star man That's why Nobody gonna miss with his piece Well they should do a lot of commercials on the court TV You know Every time after both of them try to like just put a little bit around the ear I'm here in T.O. One thing if I flip over to play Boy TV right now You wouldn't be in no commercial Well they're court TV They're not going to be a court action So they are They're waiting for a wall in the camera But it's not there I see Well there's no wall in the action on Playboy TV right now This is probably the last day of being able to hear any of the audio from the TV Even the music because Michael Powell is going to be really porked off And he finds out about this Time for 70560 Time for 70560 How do you 18T and Verizon wireless line I'm gonna look a little bit Try it on again If the winner never comes back on There it is Okay Okay Okay You want to see it's having a boo bun Is that what? See span See span How do I do that? I don't have no see span I don't know what channel it is here on the cable I don't want it I want to see Jason when he's got to come into him I'm looking over there Basically And what are you looking over there You're getting the medication there You've already done that What do you do with that Again, I'm looking at the area And that's when I'm just not making it mental See maybe somebody in the audience can explain to me Why this man wasn't charged with a crime Or if he was what that will happen with shooting his dog and killing a dog Can somebody explain that to me? Please Sports WDQA Hello Hello Yes sir The work movie The more depressing movies You gotta give me cast away And the green mile Both on Hakeway Okay, thanks a me go Cast away and the green mile He did too But that's okay he met well Unlike Jason William Means As far as all the individuals that were This is Tupor Melvin Sanders Who responded to the crime scene Did you see Mr. Williams How you said you went in You went around the room And later you went back to collect the names Okay So what I'm trying to get at is Before you went in to get the names Did you see Mr. Williams in the bedroom Was he in the bedroom? Right No sir Did you ever see Mr. Williams in the bedroom? From that point Yes At a point where I Mr. Williams back Into the bedroom You brought him from the dining room Back into the bedroom Yes sir Okay So now Before that you would only talk to him for one quick second Before you went in to see Millhauses That's right Okay So you went in see me Now you bring him back in the bedroom Now you can tell me You know what I think is going to happen in Jason William What do you think is going to happen? Nothing Oh Yeah, you're right Let's see here's one from Mark and Stevie Here's our picture Conformished Italy and Easy Rider USA Conformished Italy and Easy Rider USA Conformished Italy and we don't want to put title movies on her Do we? Nobody started that Do we hear that movie? No Easy Rider As far as Pirate Radio How's about a Pirate Woodpecker Jimmel is Lossie Radio stations back to the Stone Age? Thanks Mark and Stevie of the highly rated Pirate Radio Show Five six seven Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line Proct 26 a QA and Hayer Fear Carpet Slurphite they just came from the Stone Age If they need a little bit of help Call the people of dry concepts Please do yourself a favor Don't just go to the L.P. There's no way to get a little bit of help Because you'll be real sorry that you did Dry concepts is the best in the business Bring in your company back to life and look at just like brand new That's why I've used them in my home for over 20 years And why they've been around in town while the others have come and gone Like crazy Using dry concepts certified train technicians That'll drag in your carpet just like they'd drag in your carpeting They leave them looking just like brand new vibrant and colour shop To the touchmole and how many fresh They're drying a couple of hours It's like a miracle performed right there in your house And they do a stupidest job on your area Rugs on your furniture, draper your poultry All these things And when you call dry concepts next time Be sure to ask them to put you on your stand Violest you can say 15% of your next carpet cleaning Would dry concepts They give you a guaranteed written price up front They do the most unalol job ever seen by man How can you beat it what's not to like Call them at their toll free number You'll thank me for turning you on to dry concepts To the best in the world Call toll free 1-800-248-5071 That's 1-800-248-508 For 8-5071, or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com We're sports video 5-6-4 You a M Don't hurt right, man And man, was it great And a Mary Olah Like it, big dinner plate Janice Wright-Ata Grab every headlight Wonder if your help CBS Day to fly First she denied it Said it was a mistake A costume malfunction Said just in civilake But now they've admitted they flash for a two It'll be the Super Bowl Remember for a move That's the new And I see seeing Said it was a decent scene So far I can feel Big Eiff One Nip I'll never forget That infamous talk I'll remember this game for seeing Can it's juggled right Prof. 32, I love those abrupt ones Man, I just make my kishgis twist Loving heats up as Massachusetts prepares to take up gay marriage ban As the hours ticked down A lot of people coming The staff isn't beliving at the Massachusetts Statehouse Wrapped it up all on effort Ah, and the Sway Lawmakers on the break of voting Today on a constitutional amendment That would ban gay marriages It's only one problem with all this What that is? That's it If they passed this constitutional amendment It would begin in Massachusetts in 2006 According to the state Supreme Court ruling The gay marriages can begin in May and what happens then, a moment, or something you see that's even worse than a moment. A joint session of the House and Senate in a constitutional convention begins this afternoon just a week after the state's high-score world at nothing short of marriage will be legal under the current Massachusetts Constitution. Already by this morning the antennas in satellite this is more than a dozen TV trucks line streets on Beacon Hill and bus loads of people on both sides of the issue began in the state house. Civil marriages are civil rights proclaimed a banner from the Unitary Universalist Association chance of hey, hey, ho-ho, homophobia's got to go. Don't you love those a chance? Hey, hey, ho-ho, what do we want? Why do we want it to stick up your ass? Next to the group was one of the women held a poster that said honor thy father and mother, Yamama. A handful of a porcid amendments stood in front of these state house steps receiving an occasional hunk from passing cars, from honkies and cars. I'm against discrimination in any form. I don't care if you're purple, green, yellow, polka dotted, raw taxpayers' positions with rights of Kyrgyndweil 49 of Andova. James Meola 57 West Worst and a health care administrator in a pinstrap suit with a tie with Bible passages printed on it was one of the people who were selected as sit in the house gallery during the debate. Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Is wearing a tie with Bible passages on and on on what side of the issue he's on? He said God has laid down the moral absolutes for all mankind and of solely scriptures and the cornerstone of civilization is the institution established by God, called the family. He warned that if man stops following the moral spiritual laws established by God, judgment will come just like Sodom and Gomorrah. Who are they? Couple of weeks? Couple of bags? The Court's original landmark ruling in a government-of-followed advisory opinion-liced week intensified efforts to place a van on gay marriage in the books, all while scores of same sex couples across the state prepared to begin taking wedding vows as early as mid-May. The latest maneuvering came yesterday if known from a bipartisan group of state senators who saw the middle ground proposing a compromise that would ban same sex marriage but establish civil unions. I don't know whether wasting their time with that because the court is going to say, ah, they already said they ain't got to cut it. Ain't got to cut it. And of course, you know the Republicans are salivating on this because they're just waiting to hang this like an albatross around John Kerry's neck. You know that, don't you? Good back by. And. Speaking of that. Speaking of good, friendly Republicans. President Bush plans to endorse on the national level, a constitutional amendment that would define marriage as the union of a man and a woman response to that Massachusetts court decision requiring legal recognition of gay marriages in that state. Key of visus head yesterday. Bush plans to endorse lying women introduced by representative, Merrill and Musgrai Republican a Colorado that backers content would ban gay marriage but not prevents state legislatures from allowing the kind of civil unions and same sex partnership arrangement that exist in Vermont and California. Bush has moved incrementally over seven months toward embracing a ban on gay marriage and adviser said he will clarify his position with a pubic statement shortly. We'd like to see Congress take it up and the president will be a support of a type of Republican official said we would like to see both chambers act sooner rather than later. Bush's move could put cultural issues at the forefront of a election year that's been dominated by economic and national security issues. That's right. He sure is how much to talk about this out a lot more than that field a racket tack and about the economy and all them 3 million lost jobs and all those lies, all of these things. And in Ron, all of these things. The White House strategy designed to minimize alienation and moderate voters' cost grandfascising that Bush's for conditional marriage not against gay people. I don't know. A opinion pulls the town widely varying support for a constitutional amendment depending on the way the question is phrase suggesting that voters have ambiguous feelings on the subject and maybe they have bigger face to fry. You know what? Republican officials said Bush's decision to proceed now was driven partly by his desire to start the general election campaign on a fresh issue, in other words, bigotry and a time when his credibility has been vetted by questions about pre-war warnings of unconventional weapons in Iraq as well as gaps in documents about his national guard service. Never even talked about that. Didn't we today yet? No, not yet. Well, you know those documents they released yesterday proved nothing. Okay. And I'll say it again, the people who were there in Alabama and in Houston, where he contends that he fulfilled his guard duty, they don't remember him being there any more than they did yesterday or we could go circuser many other times before they came out with these documents. That sounds like duty. All it proved was that he got paid. Well, what does that mean? Does that mean that he was there? Is that proven anything? No, they actually showed up. No, no, no, no, no. It doesn't. It doesn't address the lie about leaving early to go to Harvard Business School law school because he didn't do that until the year later. What about the honorable discharge? Yeah, that's right. That proves it to me. I had one the other day. The fix was I when the smart was very honorable. I didn't have that kind. Here's a facts from Rick that says the most depressing movie I've ever seen would be the professional starring Jan. Rename and Jean Reno and Gary Oldman. If you haven't seen it lock up all the knives guns and anything with a point, not to mention mainly now all the windows. But there's a colon Roland. I spent days out with the best of our analysts with director Tenid, with deputy director McGawaklin, out at the CIA, going over the case. And duck hunting, no doubt, with the vice president. It says I was watching the morning show on CBS. The interview Dr. Rice and just had around the ropes with all the questions about Bush. What really got to was the post showing 55% of Americans not trusting President Bush. The only answer was that Sonom was a very bad man. I fell off my chair and pooped my points Rick says, how the worm has turned, I guess, the media started to realize the jig is up and trying to cozy up to the Democrats. Whichever way to win is blowing one? Can't say that word. What? Democrats? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. We're looking for the most depressing movie of all time. WDQAM Hello. Yeah, speaking. Oh, I did a movie for the poll. Go right ahead. Daniel Phillips-Lolick with Michael Moriatti and Bobby D'Niroph. What is it? You know, bang the drum slowly. Oh. It was a remake from one of those live TV things when I was always you ever. They did live TV. Must be impressive. It sounds like you're still a little bit more responsible. Okay, thanks a lot. I have a great day. He did say bang yourself slowly. He was being a little bit funny. I'm just saying. Little man. That's real funny. Not hysterical fall off. You said. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Requiem for Dream may be uncatchable, 54, terms of Endearment 35, and that Express 33. Brian Song's got a third man. Philadelphia 29. Nobody else, no one will contend with the other one so far. 5, 7, better do the break, right? My full in policy. Publications as contained in 12 years of UN Resolution. Yes, you're got to employ. Talk about a sellout. In the morning that one day says, well, you know something they didn't find any weapons. If I didn't know that, we were going to go into war with bad information. We got bad at that. And then all of a sudden by noon, but a bit of a piece of a singing right tune. I guess somebody made him an offering couldn't refuse. Why? Or all his family members like accounted for. Well, we know where his son is. Kevin Spacey, it says the worst pay it forward. Oh, oh, see it? Yeah, I'm sorry to say. It only does it fit the list. But it's just one of these movies like El Norte, which is just nothing but the entirely to the movie, a set up for a giant giant in the kick in the stomach. Yeah. And everybody's talent. No, it's such a great movie. It's a criminal. It sucked. Oh, hard. Harsely. Uh, Bob and for Lauderdale says, Jennifer Conley is the backdrop of my computer when a corporate snoop started around great choice. Also, we says full metal jacket, depressing. Yes, indeed. It was depressing. Yes, it was. How about the one at Sheridan's wearing on passion, defl-metal straight jacket? 19. No one is 560 WQN guys Valentine's Day's this Saturday. It's only a couple days away. But you still have a chance. You still have time to do the right thing. Hope you're not thinking about giving the same old tired flowers or candy this year. Unless you're planning getting nothing and return like you usually do. Here are three words you need to remember for Mont Tedibert. Send to our bare-granted work to Lauderdale. Bear the love vane that bear the new All-Star Valentine. You're just like a sports fan. When it gets there, you'll be completely surprised and shocked. And Oliver Co-workers will thank you the greatest guy because you sent her such an original thoughtful gift, even if you're a schmuck. Then maybe you should give it the gift that you're hoping and praying for. So just call 1-800-829 Bear and a friendly Bear. Castle will help you choose the perfect bear for your Valentine's Day. We're living with the free chocolate and their famous gift box. And they're made nothing better than a gift box. It only takes five minutes to order overnight to live into the home we are off his gear on teeth. And like I keep telling you, it's still halftime. So call 1-800-829 Bear or shop online at VermontTedibert.com. Send your Valentine this year the creative alternative to flowers are chocolate. That's 1-800-829 Bear and be sure to tell them that old Neil, told you to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. And you're my and your sister's birthday will fly 6-9. You way, yeah. Coming up tonight on Inside of Behind the True Hollywood Celebrating Music Bargory Profile story. They were the daughters of famous rock stars from the sixties. And boy can that make it difficult to succeed in the music industry. Not. They were Wilson Phillips. Oh, no. I don't want anybody thinking that. I just don't want anybody thinking. China Phillips. The daughters of the mom is in the poppers, Papa John Phillips. Formed Wilson Phillips with a friend's, Carny and Wendy Wilson. The daughters of Beach Boy, Brian Wilson. Wow. Beach Boy, Brian Wilson. Try saying that three times fast. Beach Boy, Brian Wilson. Beach Boy, Brian Wilson. Beach Boy, Brian Wilson. Hey, I did it. Saying is that the music industry is really hard. I mean, didn't matter who our parents were. We had a struggle. Just like everybody else. Yeah, a huh. That's right. Yeah. Anyone to listen to our demo. Yeah. Except Ronnie, over Warner Bros. Picket A&M. Leslie over to Silentham. Jack at Christmas, Leonard at MCA. A boy at Mercury Ray. Oh, I've been later, Carny Wilson. I think it was for not being fat anymore. Any questions? Yeah. Juicy shopping with look at show business tonight. On inside the morning. Well, this does then the British Royal Family is announced that discovered a reason that the Princess Diana died. Yeah. It was a suicide. I see. Let's see. Here's what it says. I'd like to add a movie to the pool of Myson Men, the most depressing movie I ever have seen. A nicer and men. Great movie. Very sad. Most depressing or clockwork orange. Um, I don't know how. Okay. Well, put it on there. I think it was depressing. I thought it was very entertaining. I thought it was fabulous. It was a suicide guys. Okay. Also, this also just in from court TV. You know that dog, it's also what heems. Don't have no more. It was a suicide. The most depressing by far, Galipoli with Mel Gibson. Well, Mel Gibson was a hated already. Man, I just despise him. He can't even pass him. Okay. Before this passion of a, he's used. I don't know. He's always hated until why is that? He's not never stole a prey train. I just don't like him. He just do the, I did. He's wrong. Rubbed you the wrong way once. He doesn't write. He doesn't rub me. Oh, let's see. It says Sandra, Sandra, is that that name? Sandra. She says, with the Galipoli get the razor blade down. Oh, look at this. Now, Glenn, Gary Glenn Ross. Is the preget you right? It is. Is it, first of your sales hole? Huh? Yes it is. I think they ought to take our whole sales department and time to achieve and make them watch that. Okay. Yeah. And when they stare, when they all start screaming to Kevin Spazey, pretend they're screaming at them. No, no punting, ten minutes. Right. Oh, God. How what is this? From Steve's suggestion for you, listen, most depressing way all of that, this is good. Happiness, how could we have forgotten that? Sure. I must have not haven't seen Rick and for Dream or Magnolia. So speaking for my personal experience, my vote is for happiness. The pressing isn't even the word for it. Until you get to the dog. Right. Why are so many of your listeners unable to differentiate between movies that are seriously even sad and those that are depressing? Break it, Miranda's an excellent serious movie. Regardless of what George says. I just said it was boring. And yes, the protagonist died in the end, but it's not depressing. I guess you just grateful that they died already. I'm grateful that the movie ended already. They're indomitable to that's what I meant. They're indomitable to the face of an unwindable situation. Reminders their story heroic, tragic but heroic. The grapes of wrath, the again depicts people with a indomitable spirit facing nearly overwhelming forces. This time, po folks in the Great Depression, that's the pressure not depressing. And in fact, ends with one of the more famous uplifting closing lines in the movies. They'll go on forever, Paul, because we're the people. Right. A mental, Romeo and Juliet, citizen can. These are serious offense sad movies. Masterpieces of cinematic storytelling, but depressing. Yeah, I thought the mental was very depressing. You didn't? Yeah, they were nice on forward and backward and upside down. A lot to be depressed about. The citizen they make you want to give up and try again in another life. Come on, people learn some discernment. It's a discernment, it's a statement. It's a discernment, it's a statement. It's a statement that could be wrong. So sorry for the cultural reference to Dennis Miller. It's a Stephen Key West. Too many of them are margaritas. Right. He makes a good point, but not a... Not a mental. That is the depressing as hell. Sure. Unless of course you don't empathize with the character, which would guy a medicine. Which one? There are a lot of depressing stories. Guy, here's Guy, Brasnett. 567560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQA and hello. Uncle Neil, finally. Yes, sir. I have one for your list. I cannot believe anyone didn't take this movie. It's a great honor. The deer hunter? Yeah. Suicide inducing. Sure. And I have two other ones that not really for the pole, but just to see if you guys even heard of them, because I've seen them. One called the little match girl. Oh, good guy. That's I know. I've never been up as making me want to commit suicide. I've never heard anybody talk about that. But let's put it on there. Maybe we can do more than one. We have a children's story for Christ's sake. Why would you tell that to a child? It's very depressing. Very depressing movie. And also there's one... A science fiction movie with Bruce Durin called Silent Running. Oh yeah, that's amazing. Got it. Got it. It's a giant one on the moon, guys. Okay. I'm so proud. Santa running is a great movie. I haven't seen it in 100 years. That's fabulous movie. Sure is. It's a very very depressing. It's enough to make you want to send Jason. What do you mean to Mars? You know what? Right away. It's not a big city. It's a pilot no matter if he was under the influence or not. Gene 1.0 with respect to style in this quote remind notice that the The pretty straightforward guy. Steve. One prosecutor is a pretty straight guy. Okay, that's important. Keep in mind. And the dog is still dead. It was a suicide. WM hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. I'm a long time second time. Okay. Sophie's choice. I think it's on. I think it's on. Pretty sure it's on there. Oh is it really? Okay. Anyway, please to know what's doing well. It's got 18 votes. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Sophie's choice is doing good. We need to result more often but there's like about a hundred of them on here. And of course the good news is Josh is putting these on. And we don't have to pester Eric with all of us. Okay. Because Eric is too busy making up a bunch of naked pictures. 420 votes is a whole bunch of them don't have any yet. I mean they will by the time we come on tomorrow morning. But whole bunch of them got none. Requiem for dream 56 terms of enduro 37 midnight express 34. The most depressing movie ever. Brian Song 32. Philadelphia 31. Midnight Cowboy 19. Saying Ryan's private's 18. Sophie's choice 18. Looking for Mr. Good range 15. Magnolia 12. Casualies award 12. Americanist Reesh 11. Deliverance 11. All the LR10. And ordinary people 10 everybody else in single digits. Including Lenny it's got some but nobody saw it. Lenny Bruce man died of a broken heart. A broken man. Yep. The government destroyed him. And that was a Zidin years ago and here we are in 2004. And we've got this same crap going on today. Grow up America man before it's too late. Wake up sniff the daffodils. And that fact that somebody sent into about John Kerry that was the most I didn't even read it. That was the most ass that I'm a bunch of crap about him being elected Republicans and also the bull crap. And about Charleston and Constitence and the Adi Adi Adi. Get a life man. Get with it. That's your choice. That's going to be the choice. Kerry and Edwards or Bush Cheney Huntag. That's going to be the choice. Is it the best choice? No, but that's going to be the choice. So you finger it out. Get your finger out of your ass and vote 40. 50 times just to make sure. Oh, it smells bad. Smells like lilacs. Come to the QA. Hello. Not there online one. Man, it disconnects it cuts off real bad. We're doing screen list this year by the way, at least until next year. Until until they did Michael Paltoza to get to law. WDQA. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. The silence movie ever so happy. He's right. He's right. It's happy. Fambi is sad. And so was he. Okay, you're right. That was the Chris's grandpa. Was it? WDQA. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. The sorrow in the city. The sorrow in the city had already sound depressing. Feeling depressing. Who's in it? It's a documentary about the French collaboration with the Nazis in World War II. Okay, thanks a lot, Belly. Do that. Probably will, for us say. We, we, they like the we, we. Rose, that's right. Before I found out, what is he? I wish you Irish something like that. Something like that. Joe Rose. I like the we we. And then as soon as he said that, I found out he was French. I like the we we. French lawmakers by the way, vote overwhelmingly to band religious Apparel in public school. I say, you go boys, you go frogs. France's lower house of parliament voted overwhelmingly yesterday. The band students were from wearing Islamic headscars. And any other religious apparel in public schools. And of course, if we say that in the US, all boy. Can you imagine a fewer. I can see him. And what his reaction is going to be. The classroom band was also applies to Jewish skull caps in large Christian crosses. Those big gigantic crucifixes that chase away Dracula was approved. 494 to 36 in early March the measure will go to the Senate where there's a little opposition. In other words, it's in, but it's in. It stipulates that in schools, junior high schools in high school sign and dress that conspicuously show the religious affiliation of students are verboten for bidden, nished. It would not apply to students in private schools, of course, order of France schools in other countries. Because other countries are obsessed with that religious crap, especially the good old USA. My life and local. We're sports radio five sixty two and two a.m. Go on to do our. Not listen. I want to try something right now. It's never really been done before. I'm going to sing something and then I'll grab across your bullies and make one of them drop out for all the families to see at home. And then when I'm oblivious to the outrage, I'm going to relax as Hollywood was on purpose within the next day. I want to blame the whole thing on you and the NFL will too. And so we'll see the SNMTV. And then I'm just going to say, if that's somewhat your malfunction, you'll what was right to two. And the fans will say, I don't know how it happens, but at least I can't see food. It's a minute after one five sixty. And a bit of QA we got the man dog at two. Hank at four unless Willie Williams is released for a few hours. Cause Willie's penciled in to be on from a two to seven a day. The chairman of the FCC to a law makers today that the Super Bowl half time show was a new low. A new low for prime time TV. But several members of Congress said the FCC is failing in force. The FCC standards testifying with the other four commissioners before the Senate Commerce Committee Michael Powell the anxious one said the FCC was investigating whether the show which ended with just in ticker bell tearing off part of Janet Jackson's top and exposing her right breast to 90 minute TV viewers. Violated in decency laws. But now infamous display during the Super Bowl half time show which represented a new low in prime time TV is just a latest example in a growing list of deplorable incidents over the nation's air waves Paul said the horrible incidents. The FCC is received more than 200,000 complaints about the half time show probably a lot of more were completely they didn't see the other breast. Paul said the commission is aggressively gone after indecency violators and would start doing more including finding broad castes for each incident rather than each program and re-foking licenses of some serial violators. The definitely the increased enforcement authority Paul said but at a house hearing later in the day lawmaker slammed the FCC's enforcement efforts to date. The FCC has many numerous tools to enforce these important policy requirements including the ability to revoke the station license and ed mark he a Massachusetts Democrat yet it's increasingly clear the property finds the FCC assesses have become nothing more than a joke. Last year Marky said that returning 40,000 complaints about 375 different programs only three notices went out. As we all noted to an effect left mark he said this is especially true of the multi-billion conglomerates that control a multitude of stations. The half time show at the Super Bowl is the proverbial last straw said Joe Barton Republican and Texas last straw. The House panel is going to be hearing from the FCC commissioners Paul Tatyabube. Was he already on? Yes. And Mel Carmesan, President of Icomon or both CBS which year the half time show an MTV which produced it. He was also on Mel was on when he said it was on. But it was on. Well put it on then. I forgot what channel was. It was a commitment to our retirees and join. Mel does that. As nothing to do with it. CBS gave everyone on the FCC everyone in car risk of repurchased organization. Every person to slap into face and said go to hell. Said that right wing of nauseous L Brent bosel the third. You turned. President of the Pernsteev Council. A conservative right wing advocacy. White a wacko group. The wake up alarm on off the FCC bosel said now what you see not the commission is taking a very strong public position on this. God, God, God. And so goes on. As the chilling effect of one one and a half scene of a breast. America having an earthquake on. While the rest of the world points the fingers and just falls down. Laughing the raises on. And all of us. What a bunch of overgrown children man grow up already. It was a little pity. I keep hearing and the play that I guess are well. Why don't you? Because I guess we probably won't be able to after today. WCWM hello. Yes sir. Can you play the Willie Williams? I mean the bottom song. WCWM hello. WCWM hello. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Go ahead. I'm going on it. What is it? VPN. Lapinas. Okay. Thank you sir. There's nothing more depressing than a penis. That doesn't work. Leaving Las Vegas is D.P. On a facts here. Leaving Las Vegas. Absolutely. Really? Yeah. Good movie. Oh, tragic. What's there about? Las Vegas. Nicholas Cage goes to Las Vegas to drink and solve the death. And then he goes. Yeah. When he does. And then he does. I'm not the two keen on him. He just tees me limp. He's okay. Overrated. He is he is to male acting what Murl Streep is to female acting. Yeah. He's okay. Here's what it says. First time facts are long time list. There are another depressing movie for your pole. Murder in the first with Kevin Bacon. Never saw it. Hmm. I like Kevin Bacon. Good flick. Yeah. Good flick. Is it but the pressing? Yes. Kevin Bacon's pretty good. He used to be on a guiding light by the way for those who care. Anybody out there care? No. He's a good guy. That's a human. He's a good guy. He's a good actor. The only thing he did that he did was that was awful. Huh? Footless. No. Footless was good. It was cute. What's wrong with that? You're gay. What about JFK? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What about JFK? That's ridiculous. But awful accent and his man. It was just he wasn't good man. Of course that would be nice. Anyway, it was Oliver Stone man. Talk about another legend in his own mind Oliver Stone. There. I'll give you another depressing movie. Speaking of Oliver Stone. Talk radio. Okay. Especially for those of us who are in it. God was that piece of crap movie. Peter Bogdanovich. Remember that? Yeah. Eric Bogozian. Right. 40 years. Peter Bogdanovich. Same person as Eric Bogozian. WKOM. Somebody did lots of leaving Los Vegas already. Just now. Oh, man. I've been on home for 20 minutes. Okay. Malice. Got on. I got you ass, baby. Okay. Asked to ask. You want to see the ass. I don't know. I'm going to get that picture on her. What? We killed but see the thing with video captions, which is what they're talking about. Yeah. They are not notorious for their quality. That's true. Hopefully go this far. Maybe that's Jennifer County on her. Almost naked today. Great tastefully done. I hope I got other pictures. Also a video capture. But it's a decent. Thank you. I'm going to tell you one thing. The internet is going to have a bull. I mean, it's already booming. But it's going to work through the roof now. Because the FCC has no regulatory powers over the internet yet. Yeah. And so as a result, anybody who wants to see even like a little teeny bit of booby. You know? Like a little tea, a little bit of booby. They're not going to see it on TV. No, no. Not on American TV. In fact, I think half of America might move out of the country. Just out of protest over this insanity. And even Ed Markey from Massachusetts who ought to know better liberal democratic, even he's screaming out. See, because this is the politically correct thing to do. Nobody is going to stand up for smut, which means the first amendment. Say. Right. It's like pornography. Is anybody going to stand up for that? Oh, no. Nobody's going to stand up for drugs, which is freedom. Right. Well, no, we have people that stand up for drugs or sit down for it. Or lay down. Right. Like Robert De Niro. Fife says, oh, there's another one. That's another very depressing and long movie once upon a time in a murder. And then you talk about depressing noodles. How wonderful noodles like Washington, Google. 560560 pump 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. QAM Hello. Good to see you. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I'm listening. I'm listening. And it's crazy that the attention with jam and Jackson. And I'm looking at John Kerry winning all the polls. And I'm wondering if it's because talking about his infidelity and his sexual explications and his family making no to go clumping out of this guy. The inquiries already started with that. It's scary. It's scary. Can we go back to our first and say, I'll come back. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. You'll see. Kerry's going to be Bush's ass. Yes, he will. Kerry's going to look Bush. And then those stories prove that he's got a lot of experience. We want somebody with experience. Kerry can look Bush. And they're like big fat, lock-side, it's sweep like the way. Because it can be called a Jennifer flower thing, even I, even somebody is so moderately a school design. But the Clinton was done. So the Jennifer flower things, they went on 60 minutes in a hill. Oh, we all thought he was done. And guess what? Surprise. Although, although I will say if we were sleep in under a rock last night. Wesley Clarks pulled out. In Virginia voted for the Massachusetts Senator. Kerry stole Howard Dean's issue. Tennessee primary voters who felt angry at the Bush administration were among Kerry's strongest supported. Hey, Howard Dean, we want to send you a message. Okay. The answer is no. You did a lot of good things. Great. Did a lot of wonderful stuff with the internet. I was very creative. But then you fired your manager and you pissed a lot of people off. Plus you weren't when anything anyway. And now, kind of say goodbye, Howard. Okay. With what I was concerned or with North Dakota or with any place I'll time to say goodbye. And I try. He just, he just won't take no for an answer. He's got to come in fourth and Wisconsin. Next Tuesday. And he's still going to continue after that. Anyway, must be depressing. We'll be under the volcano. Albert Finney stars as the alcoholic British council in a small Mexican town. Under the volcano. I got another one for you. Boy, talk about depressing. Even though at the end. It's like me saying, you know, take the ticket to the bank if you am. Sunday, bloody Sunday. Another fact movie with Peter Finch. You ever see it? No. About he's a doctor, Peter Finch. And he and this woman, I forget who else stars in the woman. They both fall in love with the same young guy. And a guy like he spends part of the time at Peter Finch's house. And he's got a little kid. And it is so depressing. And then a guy goes away. He goes, this is an England. Of course, New England goes off to New York to see his fortune. And, you know, Peter Finch was so great. It's too bad he's dead, you know. Yep. Oh, well, he was. He was. He was great. And one of the best actors of our time never got any recognition. He was. He was. Until network. Until network. In fact, if ever there was a time to see network, now is the time to see him. Okay. Now is the time. They're not going to do it. But now is the time. I'll do it. I'll see that south park movie you have. I'm going to do that this week's Matter-Prior. This weekend. It's, I'll find the time. How long is it? No, I'm looking now. I want to have two hours. Okay. Next week. I'll see you this weekend. I'll see you this weekend. Reckless. Reckless. Reckless. What? It's all about this crap. This censorship crap. Okay. All right. Reckless. Inford read the most depressing movie of all time. Quirney. This crowd 61. Terms of Endearment. Endowment. 38. Midnight Express 35. Brian Song 34. Philadelphia 32. Sophie's choice 21. And after that small performance. Fominus after one at five 60 WDQ. Don't forget to Willy Williams Show at 205 till midnight. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are in credible. You pay zero closing costs. Zero application fees. Zero credit bureau fee. Zero discounted points. Get yourself that new low interest rate of just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan. Your payments are a mere a paul fee. 334 bucks a month. If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan. Your payments are just six hundred and sixty eight a month. But don't forget. Once you be finance or get new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever pay closing costs again. Just ask Elmer Conrad. He's got one. Call 1-800-940 land. Get the low rate mortgage is the zero. And then we'll have to be next property with no further cost or expense. You pay zero underwriting fee. Zero dot fees. Zero closing costs. Even when you moved to another property. Get that new amazing low financing rate of just 1.25%. With the only one mortgage from financial group. For details, call 1-800-940 land. Never pay closing costs again. That's financial group at 1-800-940. L-E-N-D. There were equal housing. Err. Render. Well, I got a little flim in there. I have a little mong. There were equal housing lender. Restrictions of fly. Great subject to change monthly. 4.21 APR. My life. And low. This is for 205. You will be the way. Yeah. Oh, right. I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kind of sad. I got my smile for more and look my cheeks came from my bed. I've got a body like a driving range mat. When it's cold outside, use my nips to hang your hat. I can blow in your ear and give you a lap dance. But you won't notice me till I get some influence. I need a guy who ain't got issues like filling up a chest and finding tissues. Do I say I'm cute? This am fruity. I'm the one who needs your pity. I've got a nice ass and burl like a kissy but I can't get a man. Because I got no chenies. I've got no chenies. Because wonder of growth is something I can't afford. When you lay on me, you'll swear you're on a diamond board. When I turn the love in, I started to get fused. Now I'm 24 and so waiting on my boobs. I'm the one who needs your pity. I've got a nice ass and burl like a kissy but I can't get a man. Because I've got no chenies. I've got no chenies. I've got no chenies. I've got no chenies. I've got no chenies. I've got no chenies. I've got no chenies. No chenies. No chenies. One night, I came to the dog and told me she was on Paul Taglia. They just showed the clips. He's still a bad battle around and also Mel Carmesan. It's just a dog and pony showed. That's all. I mean, who's going to believe anybody's telling the truth anyway, right? Nope, that'd be. So just an enchantment. It always just an accident. It was a costume malfunction. And it took two seconds. And so the same FCC now. That's a bunch of grave robbers that are in bed with clear channel and Viacom. They're putting on his dog and pony show. All we're going to come down hard. And of course the Democrats being the, see, when push comes to shove. When your liberties are really on the line, it proves what I've said all along. And that is that, and that facts before he was right. Both parties suck. Okay. Yeah. It's just that the Democrats suck a little bit less. And that's all we got. But both parties suck. There is nobody who will stand up for real freedoms in America. No mole. Right. It's just politically incorrect. You just can't do it. It's just a call of them now. You know, they're describing it as a bipartisan effort not to go. So get to the bottom of that titty incident and to clean up the airways. Well, what the hell is this going to stop? I mean, nobody could have known that they were going to do that. At least other than those two. And certainly never going to prove that. And so what's the point? Well, what does it mean? We're going to take everything that's secured to anybody over the age of five off the year now? Yeah. Well, good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Neil Rogers Show. I hope you're having a wonderful day. You know, I mean, what are we talking about here? Going back a zillion years in the time. And like I said, the Democrats go right along with it because they don't want to be perceived as being, Well, you know, too liberal, too permissive. That's bad. Just like there are Massachusetts. You know, I mean, John Kerry God forbid that he should say, Well, you know what? Guess what? I'm all for gay marriage. Oh, he can't say that. I'm going to show up in Mr. Rogers. All right. Good morning, boys and girls. Welcome to my neighborhood. Hawke talked man with Clint Eastwood. Somebody says. And these other people, they won't stop doing a pair. Okay. Well, a pair isn't, at least it's not a list. You know, as we had some that were a list that you facts me. I just should make him a look at him. If you're going to send us a list, anyone on our polls, we should make him. Sleepers. That's a Woody Allen movie. So that's a probably no. It's not sleeper. Is the Woody Allen movie. Sleeper, Woody Allen. This one's sleepers. He never heard. Yeah, it's the creepers. The creepers. What's all the sleepers? Is it starring while he cocks his Mr. Peepers? What's sleepers? I don't know. Well, how do you know there's another movie called Sleepers? Is that the one where they put themselves to sleep and then wake back up because it's a rush? I don't know. Oh, yeah. Let me look this up. Now in my big, big, heavy fat book. Okay. A big fat guy like me oughta have a big fat book. And I got a big fat one right here. Okay. And George has probably got a big fat one. He's been away forever. Be sure. You're gonna... Sleepy hollow. Sleep my low. Sleeping with the enemy. Sleeping man. Sleeping dogs. Sleeper. Sleepers. See, little Nikita. Hey. There is this... Well, you know there's sleeper at the Woody Allen movie. But there's also a sleeper. Little Nikita. It's a story of a one. It's a story of a Nikita Kruschev. I believe. No. No. Louis and Russell, liquid sky. Little girl big T's. Oh, big what? Oh, he guess what? That's also got another name. It's called Snatched. Now, what am I looking for? Snatched. No, that's you. What am I looking for here? Sleepers. No, little something. Little Nikita. Oh, little Nikita. Because I already lost my page. Little Rascals. Little Nanny Kelly. Little Ludd. Bitty Titty. I had a little Nikita. Little Ludd miracles. Here's a little Nikita AK sleeper. Got two names. Kind of like what's the other name of that movie? Give me one of the... Robert Duval movie. That's got two names. Oh, the great tante. Great tante. Great tante. And what's the other name of it? The ace. Yeah. There you go. Just came back. Little Nikita. Despite a screenplay by the esteemed Bo Gorman. One full over the Kukus nest, set of a woman. Ooh. This lackluster espionage thriller is bogged down with the sort of cliches you'd expect from the How do the Cold War? It's none too credible either. With River penis as a typical American teen who discovered that his parents are in fact all Roman Soviets by. I've seen that. I have seen that. There is parents are Soviet spies. It's got a great cash. It's got Sydney Pate. Got Chadend River penis. And the Richard Jenkins and the LeBreda Divine and Andy Divine who says, Puck your magic twang or river. Okay, so sleeper and the champ got him. Got him. And here's another one says, what about the bridges of Madison County and six and a half weeks? Says Sergio. Thanks, Sergio. Well, what a list we got today. And now this is a, we got a pile of stuff. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I think the movie George Decide of O was flat liners. Oh, yeah, that's the one. I know that one too, yeah. But the depressing movie. Creepy answer in the dark. Can you answer in a dark? Oh, my god. It's like gut wrenching. So let's make you want to kill your dog. Yeah. Okay, thanks, Bob. I have a great day. You have to make you want to take Jason Williams and just bring his ass up. Okay, that sounds good to me. Oh, it's been a dog. What do you think he did so well this week that gave him that honor? Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, no. Oh, no. Yeah. We have just, we've just heard it, man. We have just hit the bottom. Is Lloyd, good. Hey, Lloyd, how you doing, baby? We just hit rock bottom. Bill Humper is interviewing the woman who's dog won the Westminster Door of Show. And what does he think that Josh, the Newfoundland, that takes, what do he do that one on the top on? There is the big black, uh, normally in the past. So I always like 800 pounds. It's, you know, small poochier. No, I'm going to see the dog. I'm going to see the dog. I'm going to see the big. See, I mean, to me, I have no interest in a dog like that, you know? I mean, well, the retriever's a big dog too, but it's, it, it looks like a dog, you know? Is that thing looks like a dog too? A little from back from the ass in from the rear. I mean, because it's got a tail. Yeah. Well, look at screw in. There you go. No, I see your poor dog. It's exotic dogs. No, they're in fact most of the dogs in a dog show our real dogs anyway. I won't give you a nickel for about 80% of them. And I loved dogs, you know that, but these, these, to me, that's ain't a dog. I heard that's a dog. 26 after, and there's a real dog that bitch over there on the Wall Street. Fight on the wall. On the shaffler, man. She is a cow. 26 after one at five, 60, WQM. If you're thinking to buy a new car or truck, well, if you want to save yourself a potload of cash, do this smart thing and visit armstrongs, Toyota homestead. What the was that? What? Did you hear that? I thought you farted or something. But me? Hey, Josh, sniff the air in there. I think he just cut a real big one. I gave it on US-1 just 20 minutes out of the V-36 armstrongs. I heard it again. Toyota homestead is worth the drive to save thousands and thousands on new Toyota's. Check out these great prices in O4 Corolla loaded, including here that you own, for just 12, 990. An O4 canry with aerodomatic and lots more, just 1690. Need a truck? How about an O4 Toyota toner with the safest truck in America from just 1490? And when you buy your new vehicle, an armstrongs Toyota homestead, you've got a free sum pass. This was the first dealer in the area at off your free tires and batteries for the life of your vehicle. I get choked up this thinking about it. General manager David Rich and the staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota 2-day. So experience the armstrong, Toyota homestead difference are locally owned and operated, and they're committed to 100% customer satisfaction they'll do whatever it takes to make you a happy camper. The service department is open weeknight slate, to make sure your service work is done and done right too. Easy to get there there on US-1 and 293rd Street in the homestead, just 20 easy minutes out of the 836. So if you're sick and tired of the mega dealers who over-promise and under-liver, then it's well worth the trip. Called David Rich, the GM at armstrong's Toyota homestead, called 305, 242-3247. 305, 242-3247, drive a little and save a whole new lot on that great new Toyota armstrong's Toyota of homestead. My life and love this is for 205-60. 2-day. Good, good, good. Okay. Rush is a junkie and... Good. Oh, no, that was a strange drive. The communication. Oh, my no one's doing it. Rush is a junkie and... Oh, that was my negotiation. Or my neck here. I should've done it. Now, in five thousand deals a day, I can't tell you about the space. You were right for the moment. Rush is a junkie. The poor rush is a junkie. Oh, what the fuck are you? What the fuck are you? What the fuck are you? The up is winsy guys. It's neutral, full of better than new town. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got so high that I would float. Still rehab nice one-toe firmly. That's not going to grow. Rush is a junkie. Oh, what the fuck are you? What the fuck are you? What the fuck are you? What the fuck are you? What the fuck are you? What the fuck are you? What the fuck are you? What the fuck are you? What the fuck are you? One thirty two at five sixty. Pop one more, Rush. Thank you. Here's a good... The fencer from our first time fencer. Fifteen year-lister first time fencer. Who says? In 1982, my friend at the time joined the Marines for four years. Everyone said, price was back five months later. He said he couldn't take it anymore, so he told us commanding officer they lied on his empty forms to the military. He said they'd done all kinds of drugs, something that would have kept him out of reported it before getting in. His commanding officer told him he wasn't going to let him out of the military, so my friend decided to stop participating in all activities. He was soon called before the commanding officer again, and was told that he was going to be discharged that he was in disgrace. Guess what kind of discharge he got? Honorable discharge. Just like Mr. Bush. Thanks, Al. Mr. Bush, who's commanding officer is both in Houston and Alabama said, We never saw him. If he was there, we didn't have to have been the invisible man because we didn't see him. Okay, here's a whole bunch of these now. Wow. Here's one from Mordium, who says I have to say the most depressing movie I've ever seen has to be Spike Lee's jungle fever. It's mainly about a black man, Wesley Snipes, who hasn't affair with a white-attached woman, but has many subplots that even more traumatic than just interracial dating. Every character has the most miserable experiences during this film. They're all pissed off all the time, and the whole thing is just one big fight after another. Sounds like you were him to me. Is it it? Yeah. Kind of sounds like a QAM story to me. It was the most pessimistic view of the world and the people in general I've ever seen. I think it was the first time I've ever walked out of a movie theater wanting to either ashoop myself or be killer who went out in the street. That's why him. What is it? Jungle fever. Yeah. Michael says, most depressing movie, days of wine and roses, I think he might check lemon here as well. He was trying to say, the days of swine and roses. And, Joe says, I can't decide between Al and Barflies all that you guys decide. What are you saying? Barfly or Barflies. Says Barflies here. I know of a movie named Barfly, which in spite of my life I have to look this up again. Yes, you do. Yeah, let's get the lead to go. Despite of the power to perform it and the fact that the only performance that he's actually appropriate for, could he play a joke? And he plays it really well. What's he done away? Who was in a Mickey work? Yeah, and played on a way. Yeah. Very good movie. Well, he worked. Oh, good. Friends. Why did he get his rocks off? So, what am I looking for? Barfly or Barflies? Barflies. There's the bells of Saint Trinians. I mean, there might be a movie called Barfly. Well, that's what I'm looking for right now. We wanted his Barton think. There's Barfly. Now is there Barfly's? No, is there Barfly? Okay. With Mickey work. Like you said, they done away. Alice Knight. JC Quinn. Frank Stallone. Jack Nance. And Sandy Martin. What if he's kind of like Sandy from, um, Clipper? So, there we go. That's a Barfly. We'll get that on there. Oh, we got movies up the end. Here they may. Let's see, the heart disease Dr. Mackins had was more likely due to his infection and his infected heart. And his oversized. And I've nothing to do with his diet. His arteries were as clean as, uh, as they, the inside of a goddamn oxygen tent. Right? Right. WDQA. Hello. Should I sit in the air? Yes, sir. I'm glad you brought up the J.C. Williams story. And that really, really got me upset. Yeah. That was good. WDQA. Hello. Yes, sir. First time on time. All right. Two things. Number one, uh, I had a family member who was in the military. And he got caught doing drugs between an honorules discharge and a medical discharge. Right. So there goes that goes to show you how easy they are to get. Bobby Dimm. And number two, it's not probably worth getting them. Put on your pole because it's got a popular movie. But a good movie by River Phoenix that was depressing was called running on empty. Right. They've heard of it? Yes, I have. I've seen it. Good movie. More than a very depressing. It was very depressing. Okay. All right. You ever go from now? And have a great day. Poor River penis man. He was pretty good actor. You didn't like him though. Why do you say that? Now because he was like a lot of people. Because he was bi- I guess. Oh, we're going to have a new, uh, we're going to have a whole new deal on our website. After we start with all these pictures, we're going to have three different categories. We're going to have like heterosexual homosexual. Uh, no four categories. Bisexual and then try sexual. Right. Just for people who will try anything. But machines animals. Right. Holes in a wall. Mm-hmm. And I bet to that Michael Powell's probably one of those. I bet he's done it all. That's true. I bet on. He probably like comes to do or not when he gets home. Or maybe he'd back into it. Let's see. What was the most depressing movie ever made? Requiem has got 63. Ryan Song 40 terms of a near-mint 38. The next game is about thirty eight minutes. Press thirty five. Fill it up. It's thirty three, Sophie's choice. 23. Midnight Cowboy 21. Saving Ryan's Privates 19. America's 3x 15. Looking for Mr Goodwin's 15. Oh, the yellow 15. Magnolia 14. You must see Magnolia. Don't pay any attention to George. He just busted my chops. That's all. That's all. He liked it. He didn't like the ending. But nothing's perfect. Okay. Every performance in there was. Sen. Seational. Yes. Can we agree on that? Yes. Hey, you know, you do a boss pretty good sir cool. I got I got a couple movies for you. Let's do one by a couple for you That go ahead. Yes, today. I saw really the pressing Movie on DB peep impact man. I mean, there was nothing good about them. We watched the well deep impact Yeah, it was Morgan Freak Freeman's about one that right here Morgan Freeman you Yeah, that's a pressing deep in yeah Great, I'm not really said he said friggin Morgan Freeman. That's okay. Oh That's great. I have that oh Regigien ball yeah in the diary van Frank Okay, thanks Now, what do I miss? Deep impacts one of those cheese ball sides fiction movies. It's not a depressing movie He's just the funnest He is I never saw how nice of a host at all. I don't see all of us who haven't seen it, which is virtually all of us Did you guys did you see it? Yeah, I believe I did and was it depressing not at all see So he's having fun with this. That's why he's that's why he rattled off about three in boards Why he said friggin Morgan Freeman all right? You are so easy. Yeah, well put it on or for me to get 100 votes. What do we care? Wow. Oh, I got into good news for us all though You know, it's how everything is good for you to made a sauce good for you helps prevent prostate cancer Right, yeah What other stuff that's really terrible for you? Everything is good for you. That's right. It says here some argue that and I've been here in this last several days Now because with Valentine's Day here, they're trying to try to and of course Easter come and two They want to hype all the Easter cany Some argue that Valentine's Day is nothing more than conspiracy among greeting card companies Flores and chocolate tears nevertheless many welcome in excuse to indulge in chocolate and these chocolate lovers Maybe heart and learn that more and more studies suggest that chocolate is good for you Forget about working sons and viewers good for you chocolate is good for you And cigarettes right and booze and drugs well the booze you're not even kidding remember the wine report That's what I'm talking about everything is good for your wine will blow your blood pressure it cleans out your arteries It cleans out your uh Everything gets especially all depends on where you put the cork on gas Get you late chocolate is a natural food product so the idea that this plant-based product contains good nutrients should be surprising So's Carl L. Keen. He's peachy Keen chairman of the Department of Nutrition at the University of California, Davis Chocolate and cocoa are made with beans from the cocoa plant which grows in South America African Asian rainforest although high fat chocolate has a bad rap today in previous centuries Chocolate was due as magical and medicinal or it's picking a previous century to see the three wise men were ladies after all to see that Yeah, I saw that report maybe they were ladies In fact when they got to the manger one of them said how you do with the ladies And shows us said must be pretty good. I got her pregnant without even touching a bitch. I mean as bad. See what that bad I got the bitch pregnant. Yeah, I don't think he did. I think it was friggin Morgan Freeman When consumed in modest amounts chocolate and cocoa don't raise cholesterol levels studies demonstrate that cocoa flavonoids Helper vent blood clots and a chocolate access in antioxidants it means it protects cells from damage Wow this antioxidant activity may reduce risk of certain cases. It's so good for you You just wait to see what I'm getting when I get off here today My local this is five 60 Tonight on comedy central it's the hilarious comedy stylings of Joe Lieberman. There's an old saying that behind every successful man There's a surprised mother-in-law Can you believe it the wacky Joe Lieberman tonight on comedy? Central the best way to feed the birds is to give more oats to the horse Thank you. Thank you Brother this guy Thanks you getting hot, aren't I? Yeah, how does last year's holovile 146 at five 60 WQM here's pizza's how could W have the paste up from a position that had no pay to it The section he was so called in was being dismantled at the time. Well people can I tell you Nick pick and Pete if they don't got it they just make it up and I've been says if the FCC is complaining about new to the on the air They should look not too far for the Virginia flag where there's the lady with their breast showing Oh my god, he did fact say picture that you can't see it. What is next putting a bra on the flag? And of course the answer Ivan is sure John Askhouse probably are working on right now. Get the needle in thread ready You bet he's just like Betsy Ross ever seen me together same person 560 505 60 pound 560 on a T and T in Verizon wireless line. Oh, it's depressing movie you ever saw WQM hello Hey there I'm not going to talk about the jersey the way in story. Yeah, okay WQM hello Yes, sir Speaking couple for your list new love story We got it Blade runner okay, thanks. Blade runner ready depressing Okay, and then the a sequel game late runner was really bad the whole band in Boston Let's see here's one Mike from Davies says all mine to give very depressing It's circa 1950 starring Glennis John sitting at the turn of the century Backwards of Minnesota both parents die leave six children the oldest is 12 years old He goes door to door and gives away his brothers and sisters Oh much that sounds like a mighty python bitch sure isn't it the Catholics all mine to give you got it got it all right Let's talk about that Jesus William's doing not why I think it's a racial thing don't you What do I color the dog wise? That's a rockwiler. WQM hello Greetings, yes, sir. Hey, I got one depressed movie for you called 1984 Yeah, we're really we're living it right now All right, good luck to you pal and us two. See a 1984 got it. You're a drawwell was ahead of his time just like petty triumphs WQM hello I got a depression movie for you. Yes, sir. How about that guy that was retarded and they gave him an operation or something Charlie yeah, yeah, oh yeah Charlie was a great movie. Yeah, very depressing though morbid Yeah, that's the top of mind lift. Okay. Thanks, pal. All right. So now to make you want to blow Jason Williams brains God, isn't it? Yeah, I would how was in that don't tell me okay. I can see him you see a leaping off of a Tall building or door dreams no D. Reaves no not a building, but a nine or who it is. I can't just keep don't always name If you're driving along a road and car falls off a Cliff Robert's in see I knew I'd get it five six seven No, I he's one of those people I have a name block. I just I have a brain fart there I see him and I just know what his name is man. Oh, I'm right for you I yesterday WQM hello Yes, sir How about the blender in the ass and you grab splender in the ass sounds excellent. That was this morning In fact, I think I was misfudged wrote that one splinter in the ass splender in a grass. Let's go was that he pressing out on Yeah, I see you. Oh five sixty. Did you see that? That's a long-that's an old movie. Sure. Did splender in your ass Then that send the sendee portier Cindy portier is great and her brother and also a freak freaking Morgan Freeman No, don't pretend that was the funny line. I thought you were laughing at that Oh Jesus he stared at some like the word now. Oh, it was like a little bit How about what anybody know that unless they saw that piece of crap it was online nine so just you know consider the source Just come down a little bit more that could crap WQM hello, you know God, yes, sir. Hey You'd have to know we're go about about Charles Manson. What he's not executed You get back in the late seventies the California Supreme Court Commuted all the This guy like sir hunster on all those guys off that's right. You absolutely correct. Yeah, so what did it disgrace? You're gonna be around for that ever I guess Yeah, moving on the nation. Yes, sir. Chinatown Chinatown is the way that it ended. I mean the bad guy know what whatever the old man got the you know Got the young girl at the end when they shot me done a waste character Always depressing when the old man gets to the grill in the end. You got it Thanks a lot. How great day And a depressing specific to the end guys. Get ready for it. Poured off about that 560 pound five 60 don't forget our hot couple's contest. You got till Friday at two o'clock To email your pictures to contest at neo-arges.com We got a lot about 10 or 11 right now. They're about something like that and we can handle as many as you want But the time is running out. I just mentioned that in passing from one little one of those trips or just like exhibit yourself to the rest of the world So they can look at you and say hey, they look pretty good or they can lie a fact here or whatever they want to do Probably WQAM hello Neo, yes, sir. What about I got to move. I got a star face and go Scarface Scarface was depressing a feel good movie. Yeah, pretty depressed Your people man that wasn't my people. Yeah, was one of your crazy guy It's no it was not one of your people all right. It's one of that little circles your crowd You know you talk about me and Reverend Jones Which I'm finally on to his ass, but I mean you and I little circles your crowd. You're just in such an aisle They're in love with me. I understand that but that was the I'm pretty was about to bust out with it I understand that but he's one of your people. All right part of that circle. He's part of that circle circle Right, there's sitting in sweet water right now. In fact, it's probably at 2.15 or got a meeting in high-alien Got a juicy party to Westland score score. Yeah, gonna be drill in some extra glory holes today In fact, some of them are like way of happening here. You gotta stand on the you gotta stand on the on the bowl To reach it one fifty two if five six-day QAM What with Here go back the Canada you chew bastards Okay Watch the videos and then stay Go for a more eerie home I feel I'm there And kisses to you I have a golden heart Before we're through We're just standing in the back Oh, and how's we both enjoy the show It's can't be words in the back Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh All right I don't want to give you a kiss Okay I have my pillow, kiss And days by time run low And I'll stand here so good The glory of hope It's nobody at all And that's what my head to bed I hope he knows that the brush is sweet But when they get in and it'll be fine I have a hell of a no-one I'll just walk into the bottom And a little morning morning or even One fifty eight is five sixty W to QM Anybody be at Westland about their supply tonight Check out the new holes in there Casey pennies in the old tea room Anyway, here's what we got We got it. I don't think I have time to read all these, you know? Better hurry Better hurry What was the most depressing movie ever made Good list we got how many we got? Thirty thousand Requiem for dream sixty can't touch him Brian song forty one and keep in mind Depression doesn't mean bad Right Like that Deep impact Brian song forty one Midnight Express forty terms of enduro 38 Ethagloria Leonard was in that deep impact The philosophy of 34 Sopies twice twenty five and night cowboy twenty three Saving Ryan's private's nineteen All the other sixteen Americanist reacts fifteen Looking for Mr. Goodwin's fifteen Magnolia fourteen You will love it and don't pay any attention to George Leaving Las Vegas thirteen The thing is changing again. I hate it Like I said fourteen Casualies of war thirteen Deliverance twelve Ordinary people twelve lnortay nine Boulding for column by nine Pay it forward nine Monsters balls eight and also wait And that's it down from there Okay, not gonna be all the single did you once Who'd be here all midnight And we don't want to do that because we got to make ways for the Willy Wily of a show cut off next QM how is that Jason Wily of a trial coming by the way I just mentioned that in past There's one thing I want to find out tomorrow The four two o'clock tomorrow is why he didn't take a chart with that damn dog incident I'm sure we'll find out on the sports segments here on QA Bye bye Bye bye Good off this incident Oh, that was f**king great